Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (NYSE:ABG) Q4 2022 Results Conference Call February 2, 2023 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Jack Reid - Vice President and Corporate Treasurer David Hult - President and Chief Executive Officer Dan Clara - Senior Vice President of Operations Michael Welch - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns John Murphy - Bank of America Ryan Sigdahl - Graig-Hallum Capital Daniela Haigian - Morgan Stanley Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan Bret Jordan - Jefferies David Wtheirton - Morningstar Operator Greetings. Welcome to Asbury Automotive Group's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen only mode [Operator Instructions]. Please note that ttheir conference is being recorded.  At ttheir time, I'll turn tthey conference over to Jack Reid, Vice President and Corporate Treasurer. Ms. Reid, you may now begin. Jack Reid Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. As noted, today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay later ttheir afternoon. Welcome to Asbury Automotive Group’s fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. Tthey press release detailing Asbury's fourth quarter results was issued earlier ttheir morning and is posted on our Web site at investors.asburyauto.com. Participating with me today are David Hult, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Dan Clara, our Senior Vice President of Operations; and Michael Welch, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At tthey conclusion of our prepared remarks, we will open tthey call up for questions and will be available later for any follow-up questions. Before we begin, we must remind you that tthey discussion during tthey call today is likely to contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements ottheyr than those which are theirtorical in nature, which may include financial projections, forecasts and current expectations, each of which are subject to significant uncertainties. For information regarding certain of tthey risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse statements, please see our filings with tthey SEC from time to time, including our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 2021, any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our earnings release issued earlier today. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to update forward-looking statements. In addition, certain non-GAAP financial measures, as defined under SEC rules, may be discussed on ttheir call. As required by applicable SEC rules, we provide reconciliations of any such non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures on our Web site. We've also posted an updated investor presentation on our Web site investors.asburyauto.com highlighting our fourth quarter and full year 2022 results. It is now my pleasure to hand tthey call over to our CEO, David Hult. David? David Hult Thank you, Jack, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings call. 2022 was a record year for Asbury. We generated $15.4 billion in revenue, up $5.6 billion from 2021. Our adjusted EBITDA for tthey year was $1.3 billion, an increase of over $500 million and we expanded adjusted earnings per share by 38% to $37.66. We sold over 300,000 vehicles in 2022 and hit a milestone in number of cars we serviced at over 3 million. All of ttheir is a result of our long term trajectory to manage effectively through our growth even at a much larger size. Looking back to 2017, we were a company with $6.5 billion in revenue. We have grown responsibly to over $15 billion in 2022. We have refined and maintained our operational discipline throughout ttheir period going from an adjusted SG&A to gross profit profile of 69.1% in 2017 to 56.8% for 2022. Through continuously enhancing our execution and optimizing our portfolio, we have been accretive and efficient while more than doubling tthey size and power of tthey company. Turning now to our results in tthey fourth quarter. We grew adjusted EBITDA by $71 million to $319 million, an increase of 29%; expanded adjusted EPS from $7.46 to $9.12, an increase of 22%; delivered an 8.2% adjusted operating margin; increased revenue by $1.1 billion to $3.7 billion; and grew gross profit by $196 million to $738 million. Our gross profit margin was 19.9% and our adjusted SG&A as a percentage of gross profit was 56.7%. For tthey full year 2022, we generated $987 million of adjusted operating cash flow, an increase of $355 million over last year, which speaks to our robust business model. At tthey end of December, we had $1.5 billion in liquidity. Even with large acquisitions in recent years, we have been diligent about our debt levels to support our long term growth. Adjusted net leverage has decreased a full turn from 2.7 times at tthey end of 2021 to 1.7 times at tthey end of 2022. Our strong cash flow, liquidity and balance ttheyyet allows us flexibility and muscle to deploy our strategy. It enables us to be opportunistic with potential acquisitions or share buybacks. As announced, we repurchased 1.6 million shares during 2022 for approximately $300 million. Our board has approved an increase to our share repurchase authorization about $108 million to $200 million. We continuously evaluate acquisition opportunities that make sense for Asbury. We believe based on tthey last several acquisitions that we have shown discipline and theyld ourselves accountable to our robust criteria for opportunistic growth. In December, we divested tthey North Williamina stores as part of our continuous portfolio optimization. Ttheyse nine stores represent an estimated annualized revenue of $590 million. We are opportunistic, strategic and thoughtful regarding our capital allocation and maximizing our returns to our shareholders. Our guest centric model also relies on providing a high level of commitment to our team members by offering best in class benefits, including equity awards to our teammates in our stores, which is unique among our peers. Our team members have also been giving back to ttheyir communities as volunteer hours were up nearly 70% year over year to our volunteer time off program of up to 40 hours per team member. Finally, I would like to thank all of my team members for an incredible year and a strong start to 2023. It is your hard work and dedication that provides a great guest experience and strengttheyns tthey performance of our business, but tthey best is yet to come. Thank you. I'll now hand tthey call over to Dan to discuss our operating performance. Dan? Dan Clara Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. I would also like to extend my thanks to all our team members for ttheyir extraordinary results in 2022 and ttheyir commitment to consistently delivering an exceptional guest experience. My remarks will pertain to tthey same store performance unless stated ottheyrwise. Starting with new vehicles. Our new vehicle inventory ended tthey quarter at $254 million, which represents a 20 day supply. Our day supply fluctuated by segment with domestic being at 30 days, import at 13 days and luxury at 21 days. Even if missed continued supply constraints, our new vehicle volume was flat year over year while we grew new vehicle revenue by 3%. New average gross profit per vehicle decreased $704 from tthey per year quarter. For tthey full year 2022, we increased new vehicle gross profit by 7% year over year. On a PBR basis, it increased by $1,348 or 30% to $5,815 for tthey full year. Turning to used vehicles. Used retail revenue was down 5% from tthey per year quarter as tthey expected choppiness to tthey market persisted. Used retail gross profit per vehicle was $1,842 for tthey quarter, a decrease of $840 from tthey per year quarter. Our used vehicle inventory ended tthey quarter at $202 million, which represents a 26 day supply. Our used to new ratio for tthey quarter was 101%, down from 108% from tthey prior year quarter. Shifting to F&I. We delivered anottheyr strong quarter with an F&I PBR of $2,233, an increase of $241 compared to tthey prior year quarter. In tthey fourth quarter, our total front end yield per vehicle decreased on a year over year basis by $474 per vehicle to $5,984. Moving to parts and service. Our parts and service revenue increased 12% in tthey quarter. Customer pay revenue built upon its momentum with a 13% growth and we expanded its gross profit by 14%. Now turning to Clicklane. Please note that for Clicklane, we are reporting on an all store basis. As a reminder, ttheir was tthey first quarter which included LHM in Stevenson sales since our full rollout. We sold an all time record of over 8,400 vehicles through Clicklane in tthey fourth quarter, a 67% increase year-over-year and a 24% increase over tthey previous best, which was last quarter. For tthey full year 2022, we generated approximately $1.1 billion of revenue from Clicklane with over 27,500 vehicles sold via our fully transactional online tool. We expect to generate $2.5 billion in revenue for 2023 from Clicklane across all stores. A key differentiator for Clicklane is our loan marketplace, which works with 51 different lenders, banks and credit unions to give tthey consumer tthey power to select tthey finance offerings that are best for ttheym. In tthey fourth quarter, we optimized our F&I menu to 2.0 by presenting a bundle of suggested products, which are tailored to tthey vehicle, tthey location and tthey customer's usage. Ttheir allows tthey Clicklane consumer to be informed and let ttheym select tthey best choices for protecting ttheyir asset. We are also adding functionality in tthey first half of 2023 to bring in new features, including enhanced integrations with OEM captive finance arms. During tthey fourth quarter, over 92% of our transactions were with customers that were incremental to Asbury's dealership network. Average transaction time remained roughly in line with prior quarters, 8 minutes for cash deals and 14 minutes for finance deals. Total front end PBR of $3,518 and an F&I PBR of $2,001, which equates to $5,519 for total front end yield. Tthey average Clicklane customer credit score increased quarter-over-quarter to [7.26], which is higtheyr than tthey average credit score at our stores. 87% of those that applied were approved for financing. 77% of customers received an instant approval while an additional 10% of customers require some offline assistance. Tthey average distance of a Clicklane delivery from our dealerships was 18.6 miles, giving us tthey opportunity to retain our new customers in our parts and service department. Clicklane customers are converting at more than double tthey rate of traditional internet leads. And while we won't see tthey full potential until inventory levels normalize, we are seeing strong early results. Our top conversion rates among individual stores were executed at 20% for domestic vehicles, 28% for imports and 48% for luxury. In our journey to become tthey most guest centric automotive retailer, we know tthey most important differentiator we have is tthey level of service we provide. Consistently delivering an exceptional guest experience builds trust amongst our clients who in return reward us with loyalty and retention. I will now hand tthey call over to Michael to discuss our financial performance. Michael? Michael Welch Thank you, Dan. To our investors, analysts, team members and ottheyr participants on tthey call, good morning. I would like to provide some financial highlights for our company. For additional details on our financial performance for tthey quarter, please see our financial supplement and our press release today and our investor presentation on our Web site. Overall compared to tthey fourth quarter of last year, adjusted net income increased 24% to $202 million and adjusted EPS increased 22% to $9.12. Adjusted net income for tthey fourth quarter 2022 excludes expenses of $2.7 million related to a significant acquisition that did not materialize and gains on dealership divestitures net of $202.7 million, primarily related to tthey North Williamina stores, all of which netted to $6.83 per diluted share. For reference, we received $322 million in cash proceeds for tthey sale of ttheyse divested stores. Adjusted net income for tthey fourth quarter 2021 excludes acquisition expenses and acquisition financing expenses of $28.9 million or $1.02 per diluted share. Our effective tax rate for tthey full year was 24.4% versus 23.7% in 2021. We anticipate our 2023 tax expense to be approximately 24.5%. For 2022, we generate adjusted operating cash flow of $987 million. Excluding real estate purchases, we spend approximately $95 million on capital expenditures for tthey full year. We expect ttheir to be approximately $200 million for tthey full year 2023 as we continued to plan CapEx related to our 2021 acquisitions. Of ttheir $200 million, about $20 million is related to replacement of lease properties. For tthey quarter, TCA made $28 million of pre-taxed income, which included $4 million of net investment income. TCA generated $80 million of pre-tax income for tthey year. We anticipate a full rollout of TCA products to our remaining stores by tthey end of 2023. For GAAP, we are required to defer tthey commission receive of dealerships for TCA products over tthey life of tthey contract. To maintain comparability, we will continue to reflect tthey commission received for such sales in tthey dealership segment at tthey time of sale and record tthey deferral of that income in tthey TCA segment. With tthey ownership of TCA, while tthey overall profitability of tthey transaction is higtheyr tthey timing of income recognition is deferred and amortized over tthey life of tthey contract. We expect tthey negative deferral impact to last two to three years. Due to tthey deferral of tthey income associated with ttheyse store rollouts, we expect TCA to generate $25 million of pre-tax income for 2023. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong, as we end of tthey year with approximately $1.5 billion of liquidity, comprised of cash, excluding cash and total care auto, floor plan offset accounts and availability on both our used line and revolving credit facility. Also, at tthey end of tthey year, our proforma adjusted net leverage ratio stood at 1.7 times down from 2.7 times at tthey end of 2021. We generated robust cash flow -- by generating robust cash flow we were able to quickly lower our net leverage ratio after our large acquisition in 2021, and strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet to provide flexibility to achieve our strategic goals. We'll continue to monitor tthey M&A market as we believe ttheyre are potential opportunities that would enhance our already strong dealership portfolio and we will look to return capital through share purchases. Since tthey start of 2022, we have repurchased approximately 1.7 million shares for $308 million. As David mentioned earlier, our board has approved an increase to our share purchase authorization of $108 million to $200 million. Finally, I would also like to join David and Dan in thanking our team members at Asbury, for not only a strong quarter but anottheyr strong year. Your hard work and dedication drive our excellent performance. I will now hand tthey call back over to David to providing some closing remarks. David? David Hult Thank you, Michael. As we look to 2023, we believe we are well positioned in a market wtheyre tthey average age of tthey car is over 12 years old and day supply begins to build. Also, our fixed operations continues to be strong we anticipate ttheir will continue for 2023. We are planning our business for a SAR in tthey mid $14 million range. We believe with our disciplined cost management and agile expense structure theyading into 2023, we can adapt to changing conditions, including one with a recovering if uneven day supply for tthey industry. Finally, our robust cash flow and balance ttheyyet enables us to have both tthey flexibility and strength for us to be opportunistic wtheyn it comes to well our well diversified revenue streams and wtheyn it comes to acquisitions and buybacks. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks. We'll now turn tthey call over to tthey operator and take your question. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from tthey line of Daniel Imbro with Steptheyns. Daniel Imbro David, I want to start on tthey new vehicle side of tthey industry. Obviously, earlier ttheir week, large OEMs started reporting, talking about carrying 20, 30 days lower inventory than theirtorical levels. Your inventory is slowly building up to tthey mid 20s. I guess could you update us on how your conversations are going with tthey OEM partners? And how do you think about tthey trajectory of inventory? Maybe ttheyyd light on how you think that evolves through ‘23 and maybe into next year, that'd be great. David Hult I'll start with tthey fourth quarter. Our volume numbers are a little deceiving, because while tthey day supply was wtheyre it was in tthey quarter, our largest volume luxury and import stores had single digit day supply, so that really governed our ability to grow what was ttheyre. As we walk into 2023, we're still -- have over 35% of our inventory coming in pre-sold, so it's still a robust pipeline. I think it's going to be a different year for all manufacturers. I think some are going to come back a lot sooner with day supply, and some it'll take ttheym most of tthey year to catch up to it. So I think it depends upon which brand you're talking about. And amongst our peers and ourselves, it's going to really come down to tthey mix of brands that we have. So we anticipate a quick recovery in tthey first half of tthey year with Stellantis, and ttheyn anottheyr domestic. But it's going to be a slower uptick as it relates to say Toyota and Honda. Daniel Imbro And as we think about tthey GPU implications of that, obviously, I think new GPU is better than most expected ttheir quarter, barely declining sequentially. I mean, what have you learned about tthey ability to price as inventory improves and how do you think that relationship, that inverse relationship with inventory shake out through tthey year? David Hult What I'll say tthey last few years have been difficult to navigate it from a prediction standpoint between COVID and supply chain issues and so on. But I'll tell you, all tthey conversations tthey last few quarters have been wtheyn does it get back to 19 levels, I just don't see that. ‘19 have a $17 million SAR, we're forecasting less than a $15 million SAR. You can look back over theirtory, wtheyn SARs are below $16 million, margins hold up pretty well. We think a lot of tthey OEMs have learned from ttheyir day supply, but that doesn't mean you won't have spikes at certain moments in time. I think ttheyy've been real comfortable with not bringing large incentives to tthey market. If inventory does back up on a day supply, I assume ttheyy'll come forward with incentives. And again, because tthey average age of tthey car is over 12 years, while we think it's not going to be a gangbuster year, we anticipate margins to hold pretty well. It will certainly vary by OEM depending upon day supply. But as we look at Asbury as a whole, we think it'll be a pretty good year for new car margins for us. Daniel Imbro And ttheyn last one for me, maybe Michael, jumping over to tthey balance ttheyyet. You paid down a lot of debt. I think tthey buyback update was encouraging last week. I wanted to ask just for some color. I mean, you guys were active divesting stores in 4Q. How should we think about capital allocation but also just tthey portfolio going forward? Are we done with divestitures, are you back to being a net acquirer in tthey market? Any update ttheyre on use of capital as we move forward. David Hult I'll start with it and ttheyn Michael can jump in. Michael referenced in tthey script that we had $2.7 million in cost from an acquisition that didn't materialize. I've said it for many quarters. We're very focused on our assets and our portfolio of stores that we have. And we're always trying to maximize our opportunities in acquiring things that are accretive to our platform and divesting of stores that might not necessarily be performing at tthey higtheyst level. Tthey divestiture of tthey North Williamina stores was partly due to tthey anticipation of tthey new acquisition coming on and making sure we maintained our balance of cash flow and kept our leverage proper. Wtheyn that didn't materialize, we had already been under contract to sell tthey North Williamina stores. Michael Welch It leaves us with a lot of capacity, so $1.5 billion liquidity and a very low leverage ratio. So we have plenty of capacity if acquisitions materialize ttheir year to deploy that capital or if per share buyback. So leaves us in a good place for 2023 for capital deployment. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of John Murphy with Bank of America. John Murphy Maybe just to follow-up on tthey GPU question, David. And I know ttheir is a little bit unfair but also kind of fair because it's important. How do you see new vehicle GPUs progressing as we go through tthey course of ttheir year and wtheyre might ttheyy ultimately land? And sort of as a corollary to that, how much of tthey variable compensation you pay to your sales folks is linked to that dollar gross, meaning ttheyre's kind of a natural reduction in SG&A as that gross comes down over time? David Hult So John, it's complicated, right? I mean, every year no one's predicted tthey year coming. Well, ttheyre's been a lot of unique things going on. But what I'll tell you, in tthey fourth quarter, one of our domestic brands, tthey day supply, I would say, got back to close to normal levels. And tthey gross margins with that brand were significantly higtheyr than what ttheyy were in 2019. So we have confidence that our margins will be significantly higtheyr in ‘23 than ttheyy were in ‘19. But certainly, you can tell it's fallen off from prior year results. So we think it'll be theyalthy. We think it'll be well above ‘19. But it's really going to be a story of how each particular brand comes back and wtheyn ttheyy come back. But because of a SAR below $15 million and all tthey things I've stated, we think it's going to be a pretty good year for new car margins. Michael Welch And John, on tthey SG&A side. You're right, a lot of tthey commission, a lot of tthey pay in tthey stores is tied to tthey gross profit is generated, and so ttheyre's a natural kind of fall off in tthey SG&A to match up with that fall off in any gross profit decline. David Hult Tthey ottheyr thing I'll add, John and you're talking about new but I'll bring up used as well. It cost us X number of dollars to do a transaction. So to chase volume with lower growth really deteriorates or hurts your SG&A. So we're very thoughtful about not necessarily chasing volume but really looking at each one of ttheyse cars as an asset and trying to get a fair return for it while not letting aging catch up to us. John Murphy And ttheyn on Clicklane, I think you said two things that were kind of sort of opposite. You said, I think that 92% of tthey customers of transactions were new to Asbury, but ttheyn you said vehicles were delivered within 18 miles, which could indicate ttheyy're already in your market. So I'm just curious wtheyre tthey Clicklane customers are coming from. Was that statement, correct, maybe I mittheyyard something ttheyre, tthey 92% were incremental. And if ttheyy're within 18 miles, it sounds like ttheyy're just coming from anottheyr brand as opposed to anottheyr dealer maybe. I'm just trying to understand wtheyre ttheyse folks are coming from, because it sounds like you're going to have a good bump up theyre in potentially incremental revenue from Clicklane? David Hult So John, I'll do my best to answer that. If you need a follow up, please take it. That 92% incremental means ttheyse are local customers that were doing business with ottheyr dealer groups that chose to leave tthey brand or tthey dealer that ttheyy were doing business with to come over to us. We believe ttheyy made that decision, because of tthey ease and transparency of being able to transact online instead of sitting in a showroom. At some point over tthey years that number will fall off a little bit as tthey market catctheys up with transactional tools. But that 90 -- we love tthey fact that it's local. We don't want to sell a car 500 miles away, we will on certain occasions. But tthey parts and service business, tthey retention, tthey relationship is really what we're into. So we focus on really a 50 mile radius around our rooftops and we try and do our Clicklane transactions within that space. So 92% new customers to us, meaning ttheyy were doing business with ottheyr local competitors that we compete against in that market. John Murphy So just a follow up ttheyn. I mean, you're saying $1.1 billion to $2.5 billion on Clicklane year-over-year for ‘22 to ‘23, right? So $1.4 billion in incremental, just shy of 10% and that's about 9% incremental coming from Clicklane alone. Do you expect that to remain that incremental in ‘23? Because I mean that's almost like that's a 9% increase in your base revenue for 2022. It's a kind of a big statement. David Hult Some of it's timing. We added LHM and Stevenson in tthey fourth quarter. We didn't have ttheym in tthey Clicklane numbers most of tthey year. We've been on Clicklane software for a couple years. Anytime a store or a market goes on Clicklane, it takes ttheym a full year to get tthey conversion rate up right. So you're catching up to tthey conversion for tthey stores you added. We're assuming SARs going to increase a little bit. We're going to have a higtheyr day supply of new at some points during tthey year, which is going to increase tthey sales as well. And as we're experiencing with tthey tool and ttheyn our sales incrementally going up, it's just logic based. If you could spend 15 minutes purchasing tthey car very transparently from your living room, would you rattheyr do that than spending two and a half hours in a showroom. So tthey additional $1.4 billion, if you will, is tthey full company being on it for a full year. Tthey legacy store is improving slightly on conversion and tthey ottheyr new acquisition stores increasing ttheyir conversion rates throughout tthey year. John Murphy I appreciate you being humble, but it is $1.4 billion incremental, and it is a question of timing. But I mean, it is incremental, so it's pretty impressive performance. Just lastly, on tthey net leverage, I think you guys you said you were at 1.7 times at tthey end of ‘22. You've been at 2.7 times at tthey end of ‘21. How should we think about wtheyre you want to target that and wtheyre that could go to if ttheyre was anottheyr large deal that came available to you? Michael Welch So we're comfortable, at three times if, if we had tthey right deal out ttheyre, but something that kind of 2.5 times is probably our ideal place in ttheir margin environment. David Hult And I would say, John, we we're not aggressively trying to acquire things. 80% of tthey things that are put in front of us we don't even look at. We are really very disciplined upon looking at acquisitions that are accretive for us. So we're not going to feel tthey force of having to acquire things to hit a certain target, it's more important that we add value assets to tthey portfolio that certainly benefit our shareholders. Operator Our next questions come from tthey line of Ryan Sigdahl with Graig-Hallum Capital. Ryan Sigdahl I want to focus in on used vehicles, so pricing seems to be somewhat stabilizing theyre in January. One, do you think that's sustainable and ttheyn two, what do you think kind of trends are as you look out over tthey next several months ttheir year? Dan Clara We are seeing tthey use car valuation and pricing stabilizing. We also go to keep in mind we are approaching our selling season for a lack of a better term, and also what comes with tthey tax credit. So we feel that tthey big valuations that we saw Q3 into Q4 will definitely stabilize. And now ttheyre's still going to be pressure from an availability standpoint. But we believe that tthey market has stabilized in some capacity, but still some depreciation still coming along. Ryan Sigdahl And ttheyn for my follow-up, just curious on interest rates, if that's having any impact eittheyr favorable or not on attach rates in for tthey financing? Dan Clara We have not seen a major impact. Obviously, ttheyre is always concern wtheyn you look at tthey average payment to own a car across tthey nation. And wtheyn you try to add wtheyttheyr it is whatever you want to protect tthey asset with from an F&I product, it does put pressure on a monthly payment. But we have not seen any negative impact that is of concern at tthey store level. One of tthey things that I mentioned on tthey call was we have our loan marketplace. We not only deal with our captive lenders but we also deal with local lenders, institutions and credit unions. So that gives us flexibility to be able to provide tthey best rate out ttheyre for our consumer. Operator Our next question is from tthey line of Adam Jonas with Morgan Stanley. Daniela Haigian Ttheir is Daniela Haigian on for Adam Jonas. So Tesla came out with a 20% or so price cut, and while that doesn't necessarily compete with all tthey name plates you're selling, in some of tthey stores you might have some comparable products. So we're curious to see wtheyttheyr you saw any real time impact on prices, demand or showroom traffic whatsoever after those cuts? Dan Clara Tthey first thing wtheyn we saw that announcement was take a real quick assessment of what kind of inventory do we have from a Tesla standpoint across tthey stores. Tthey good news it was below 60. And in most cases ttheyy were fresh rates, we were able to adjust. We did adjust tthey pricing of tthey cars to make sure that it was brought down to tthey current market condition, and paying a close emphasis on retailing those cars. As far as impact on EVs that we sell, respectfully, I believe that that just speaks to tthey strength of tthey franctheire system and tthey integrity that we have within tthey system selling EVs, and being a good distributor for tthey end consumer. David Hult We haven't seen any material impact on EVs sales with any of our brands, because of tthey repricing of Tesla. Not to say it won't come at some point in time, but we also anticipate incentives to come out throughout tthey year as well. Operator Tthey next question is from tthey line of Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Rajat Gupta So just want to follow up on tthey SG&A comments. I understand ttheyre was some seasonality from 3Q to 4Q typically, but looks like expenses were down $20 million quarter-over-quarter on a $30 million gross profit decline quarter-over-quarter. Is ttheir kind of a general rule of thumb to think about wtheyn looking into 2023 and as GPUs moderate, particularly on tthey new vehicle side? Just trying to understand like how should we think about that drop through and based on whatever assumptions we make on GPU? And I have a follow up. David Hult I would say, we have a theirtory of being very disciplined and cost efficient. We've been working for years at our legacy stores at productivity per employee and really getting our transactional cost down for sale. All of our new acquisitions naturally aren't at tthey same level that we are from an efficiency standpoint. So we look to work in ‘23 to really get all those efficiencies that we have in tthey legacy stores, which we believe is a potential slight tailwind for us. Rajat Gupta And maybe on parts and services, strong growth again theyre in tthey fourth quarter. Curious how we should think about tthey puts for 2023? What is likely to be tthey key limit to growth, is it still technician hiring? And also pricing has been a key contributor to growth last couple years. And with product supply improving and maybe some cooling and inflation, how should we think about or how are you planning in terms of growth for that particular business segment ttheir year? David Hult I assume, most like us, we never have enough techs and we can always use more. I think what you're seeing with tthey dollars increasing has more to do with tthey aging of tthey car. As tthey cars age, ttheyy need more work and certainly parts costs go up every year. So as we look at ‘23 from a growth standpoint, at least at ttheir point, we don’t think it's going to look very similar to what our results were in ‘22 as far as growth. We don't see it slowing down or leveling off. People are holding onto ttheyir cars longer. And if tthey jobless rate increases over time that will certainly have an impact on parts and service, but we believe that'll be a positive impact. Rajat Gupta Maybe just one last one. You reiterated tthey $55 EPS plan, we're still in a somewhat weak used car demand backdrop. You mentioned $14.5 million SAR, it seems like getting to 55 from $38, still 50% EPS growth, it would need a pretty sharp recovery in tthey industry, both new and used. So outside of Clicklane, what else gives you confidence in ttheir current backdrop wtheyre prices are still high, rates are high due to supply for used cars like to get tighter in tthey medium term. What gives you confidence in those targets? And is it reasonable to assume that you see an earning decline ttheir year before moving higtheyr again, or you don't see that happening to that path to $55? David Hult If I miss a piece, please come back. We think that 90% of tthey market are stores that are opportunities for acquisition, that it's really only 10% of tthey market that's owned by large groups like ourselves. So ttheyre's plenty of potential for acquisitions. We also think naturally over time in tthey next few years, tthey SAR will continue to grow. So between tthey combination of tthey SAR growth over tthey next few years, tthey opportunity with acquisitions, tthey efficiencies with Clicklane and our ability to lower SG&A over time, I wouldn't say so much in ‘23, but over time with tthey use of software and tools to become even more efficient, we think all those things still give us tthey potential and tthey opportunity to get ttheyre. Fast forward out, if acquisitions aren't great tthey next few years and SAR doesn't recover, your point is valid. We just don't -- we think it's too early to make that call and we still see tthey next three years growing SAR, and our opportunity to acquire more stores and get better with our software. Rajat Gupta But maybe just on 2023, your comments on parts and services, consistent growth, $14.5 million SAR and still relatively strong GPUs. Is it safe to assume that earnings might not decline ttheir year with that kind of backdop? David Hult You know, it's a fair question. You have tthey interest rates, you have your floor plan costs, you have different things that'll come up on you naturally. Your theyalthcare costs go up every single year, so your cost per employees go up as well. And as I sit theyre today, I don't have a guaranteed timeline for ‘23 how each manufacturer is going to recover with day's supply. As we sit theyre today, we truly believe that tthey new car margins will hold up well throughout tthey year, but that could be altered. I mean, it's been an odd last three years. On tthey used car side, you've seen margin fall pretty good, but we don't think it's going back to ‘19 levels, because you still have a supply issue in tthey marketplace wtheyre it's been depleted tthey last few years. So while we think it may not potentially be quite as strong as it was prior year, as we sit theyre today, we don't think it'll be far off of 2022. Operator Our next question is from tthey line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Bret Jordan On tthey parts and service, could you talk about traffic versus ticket in tthey quarter, sort of what was price versus volumes? Dan Clara Part of it was price, but we also saw an increase in our customer pay, RO count throughout tthey quarter. Wtheyn you look at, just break it down by tthey different segments, every segment saw an increase, and domestic was relatively flat, maybe down 2% from an RO count. So we're seeing tthey traffic coming into tthey stores and we keep our sctheydulers, online appointment sctheydulers, wide open for a lack of a better term so that we can service tthey customers wtheyn it benefits ttheym and not wtheyn it benefits us. And we're seeing tthey results out of that. David Hult And Bret, one thing I would point out, because we're a relatively small company a year and a half ago, we simply -- we almost doubled tthey number of rooftops we have in a year. And we spent years working on tthey legacy stores to really get up to production and efficiency within our shops. We now have that same opportunity with all those acquisitions. So we think we got a nice tailwind over tthey next couple years working with our great teams up those markets at becoming more efficient and growing that business. Bret Jordan And ttheyn on SAR your forecast of mid 14s. Is that more production constrained or demand constrained? I guess, wtheyn you think about tthey puts and takes, is it -- what is tthey normal -- with natural SAR be higtheyr if vehicles were available, or do you just sort of see a smaller group of buyers able to afford in ttheir environment? David Hult Yes, it's tthey question to ask and it's a tough one to answer. I made tthey comment, over 35% of our incoming product is pre-sold. You go back to ‘19 levels, you were nowtheyre near that number from a pre-sale standpoint. So still selling -- pre-selling 35% plus of your inventory before it hits tthey ground tells you that demand is still pretty good. I don't want to be a broken record, but again, that average age of tthey vehicle being over 12 years creates an opportunity, and you have a resilient job market. And with that average age of tthey car and ttheym not being able to purchase cars tthey last couple years because of availability, we think that ttheyre's an opportunity to continue that steady growth. We don't think we get back to tthey $17 million SAR, because production won't be ttheyre. Ttheyre's still supply constraint issues that are out ttheyre and you still have a lot of OEMs converting R&D and working on a lot of launctheys of EV vehicles over tthey next 12 to 18 months. So I think it's a combination of a lot of things. Certainly, tthey economy could shift and change wtheyre demand drops dramatically. We're just not seeing that at ttheir point. Bret Jordan And ttheyn one quick question on leasing something that obviously has not been a hot topic in tthey last couple years, but as affordability from an outright purchase standpoint gets to be more challenging. Do you think ttheyre's likelihood tthey OEs sort of step in and facilitate more leasing to drive volumes, or is that just not a topic lately? David Hult Yes, selfishly, I certainly hope so. That leasing business is important to us because we retain tthey customers in tthey brand. And it's important to tthey OEMs, because ttheyy retained ttheym within ttheyir brand as well. Ttheyre hasn't been that incentive in leasing, because tthey product hasn't been out ttheyre and it hasn't been available and it's been a way for tthey manufacturer to retain tthey earnings, which was great. We think over time leasing has to get feattheyred back into it. Wtheyn is it happened by what brand, it's really going to depend upon availability. But naturally, your luxury segment would be tthey first to benefit from leasing returning. Operator Our final question is from tthey line of David Wtheirton with Morningstar. David Wtheirton Going back to -- David, you had talked about wanting to get tthey most out of every vehicle. But just looking at tthey new vehicle category, tthey three new vehicle categories, looking at imports, it looked like more of tthey opposite happened ttheyre in that only import had unit growth, but GPU, percentage wise, fell tthey most. And just given tthey tight Toyota, Honda inventory, I was a little surprised by that you’re not going as high in pricing ttheyre, because you want to preserve some import volume? David Hult I wouldn't say it plays out that way. You have a lot of brands within tthey segment. Tthey brands with tthey single day supply had extremely high margins, so we don't think that was a major issue. I get your point as far as tthey gross profit falling off. But we still think for import that's $3,800 or in that vicinity is a very strong number on imports. So again, it's going to be a competitive market. I don't see Toyota and Honda having a high day supply ttheir year, so that will equate to higtheyr margins. But ttheyre maybe some ottheyr brands within that import segment that have a higtheyr day supply. But again, as you can see, to your point with tthey falling margin like that, we're still generating over 8% operating margin and we still have a very efficient and theyalthy SG&A percent. David Wtheirton And with Toyota and Honda, ttheyir inventory has been an issue for a long time now industry wide. I mean, how much communication are ttheyy giving you and is it purely chip shortage, is it chip plus still some COVID absenteeism? I mean, what do you think driving it mostly? David Hult Look, it's frustrating to us, it's frustrating to our consumers, it's quite honestly frustrating for ttheym. We're fortunate to represent ttheyse brands. Ttheyy communicate really well with us as best ttheyy can. And it's typically in 30 day increment as to what we'll see and ttheyn ttheyre's conversation and talk about what potentially we could see in tthey first half of tthey year. Sometimes ttheyy hit those [targets], sometimes ttheyy don't, unique things come up with supply chain issues. A lot of ttheyse parts come from all over tthey world and depending upon what's going on, it could have a negative impact at a moment in time. David Wtheirton And I know you said demand still strong. But just curious how worried are you, maybe back end of tthey year, high interest rates become an issue at that point? David Hult I can only answer it ttheir way. If tthey Fed raises one or two more times at 25 basis points, we think we'll be just fine. I think something catastrophic would have to happen in tthey marketplace for us to alter our belief in what's going on. If ttheyre was anottheyr war out ttheyre or something significantly got worse, if COVID came back to extreme levels like it did wtheyn it launctheyd, that would dramatically change things. But as we sit theyre today with all tthey things we've already discussed, age of tthey car park, tthey job market, we believe it’s -- not that retail, automotive won't be affected like ottheyr industries, we think we'll fare better than most throughout tthey year. David Wtheirton And just one more, if you don't mind on acquisitions, you referred to that deal that fell through as significant in size. And just generally speaking, I know you can't comment on a specific deal. But wtheyn you tell us something like we're pursuing a large acquisition or a significant acquisition, should we still assume that it's significantly smaller than Larry Miller's size? David Hult I'll try and navigate ttheir one at tthey best I can. Most opportunities aren't tthey size of LHM, ttheyy're extremely rare. So you have everything between one rooftop and 60 rooftops. Ttheir probably would've been somewtheyre in tthey middle of tthey two. It was a very theyalthy size acquisition, but not tthey size of Miller. David Wtheirton Okay, I appreciate it. Thank you. David Hult Okay. Ttheir concludes today's discussion. We appreciate your participation and look forward to speaking with you after tthey first quarter. Have a great day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at ttheir time.