Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (NYSE:ABG) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 15, 2022 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Joseph Reid - Vice President & Treasurer David Hult - President & Chief Executive Officer Daniel Clara - Senior Vice President of Operations Michael Welch - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Rick Nelson - Steptheyns John Murphy - Bank of America Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan Jordan Moore - Truist Bret Jordan - Jefferies David Wtheirton - Morningstar Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Asbury Automotive Group Q4 2021 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey conference over to Ms. Joseph Reid. Please go atheyad, ma'am. Joseph Reid Thanks, operator and good morning, everyone. As noted, today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay later ttheir afternoon. Welcome to Asbury Automotive Group's fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. Tthey press release detailing Asbury's fourth quarter and full year results was issued earlier ttheir morning and is posted on our website at asburyauto.com. Participating with me today are David Hult, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Dan Clara, our Senior Vice President of Operations; and Michael Welch, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At tthey conclusion of our remarks, we will open up tthey call for questions and I will be available later for any follow-up questions that you may have. Before we begin, we must remind you that tthey discussion during tthey call today is likely to contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements ottheyr than those which are theirtorical in nature which may include financial projections, forecasts and current expectations, each of which are subject to significant uncertainties. For information regarding certain of tthey risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse statements, please see our filings with tthey SEC from time to time, including our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 2020, any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our earnings release issued earlier today. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to update forward-looking statements. In addition, certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC rules may be discussed on ttheir call. As required by applicable SEC rules, we provide reconciliations of any such non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures on our website. We have also posted an updated investor presentation on our website, asburyauto.com highlighting our fourth quarter and full year results. It is my pleasure to now hand tthey call over to our CEO, David Hult. David? David Hult Thank you, Joseph and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. In tthey fourth quarter, we closed on tthey transformative acquisitions of Larry H. Miller and Total Care Auto, powered by Landcar, Kahlo Chrysler Jeep Dodge, Arapahoe Hyundai-Genesis and tthey Stevinson Automotive Group, representing approximately $6.6 billion in annualized revenue. Ttheyse acquisitions represent tthey right brands in high-growth markets and are aligned with Asbury's culture. We look forward to deploying our joint capabilities and growing togettheyr and I'm excited to have our new team members as part of tthey Asbury family. 2021 was an all-time record year for Asbury. For tthey full year, we grew adjusted EBITDA by 94% and adjusted EPS by 112%. We delivered an operating margin adjusted at 8.1%. We succeeded in adding great stores in targeted high-growth markets and we completed tthey rollout of our online transactional tool, Clicklane to all tthey legacy Asbury stores. In a challenging new vehicle environment, we delivered record profitability by improving our new vehicle margin, increasing our used vehicle sales and growing our parts and service business, all while maintaining our improved employee productivity levels and using our strong cash flow for acquisitions. Our multiple business lines allow us to adapt and continue to deliver strong earnings in any business environment. We will also deploy Total Care Auto into our legacy stores and roll out Clicklane into our recent acquisitions, allowing us to furttheyr grow our earnings. Due to our record performance and strong cash flow, our balance ttheyyet remains solid. Our adjusted operating cash flow for 2021 was $632 million, an increase of $189 million over 2020. Our net leverage ended ttheir quarter at 2.7x. We will continue to use our free cash flow to manage our leverage and maximize shareholder return through share buybacks and acquisitions. In our earnings release ttheir morning, we also announced that our Board of Directors has approved an increase in our share repurchase authorization by $100 million to $200 million. Now, I'd like to give you a quick update on our five year plan. Our same-store adjusted revenue grew almost 12% last year, exceeding expectations. Clicklane continues to deliver impressive metrics, generating over $570 million in additional revenue for three quarters in 2021. Despite lower new vehicle levels, inventory levels, Clicklane contributed an incremental 7% to our same-store growth. As previously noted, we had a very successful year regarding acquisitions. With ttheyse results, we maintain full confidence in tthey execution of our growth strategy. Based upon our results in 2021, we will update our five year plan during our Q1 2022 earnings call. I will now hand tthey call over to Dan to discuss our operating performance. Dan? Daniel Clara Thank you, David and good morning, everyone. Before I share our operating performance, I would like to thank all our teammates in tthey field for ttheyir hard work, dedication and commitment to delivering an exceptional guest experience. In our earnings release ttheir morning, we reported adjusted EPS of $7.46, a fourth quarter record, up 68% over tthey prior year. We delivered strong results, enabling us to deliver an impressive gross margin of 20.4%, an all-time record and an expansion of 370 basis points versus tthey fourth quarter last year. Our teams continue to maximize productivity per employee, resulting in adjusted SG&A as a percentage of gross profit of 54.3%, a 710 basis point improvement versus prior year. Our total revenue for tthey quarter was up 19% year-over-year and total gross profit was up 46%. We improved our adjusted operating margins for tthey quarter from 6% in 2020 to 8.9% in 2021 and we'll continue to optimize our portfolio in tthey future. Now, I will turn to our same-store performance compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2020, unless stated ottheyrwise. Starting with new vehicles. Based on current market conditions, we continue to be focused on being opportunistic with our inventory and improving grosses to maximize profit. Our new average gross profit per vehicle was $6,335, up $3,441 or 119% from tthey prior year period. All segment margins were up significantly from tthey prior year period. At tthey end of December, our total new vehicle inventory was $207 million and our day supply was at 8 days, down 32 days from tthey prior year. We expect tthey days supply to remain low as we progress into 2022, trending up moderately towards tthey end of tthey year. Turning to used vehicles. Our used retail volume increased 15%, while gross margin was 8.2%, representing an average gross profit per vehicle of $2,623. As a result of our performance, our retail gross profit was up 64%. Our total used vehicle inventory ended tthey quarter at $402 million which represents a 34-day supply, up three days from tthey prior year. Our used to new ratio for tthey quarter was 109%. Shifting to F&I; our strong, consistent and sustainable growth in F&I delivered an increase of $213 to $1,961 per vehicle retailed from tthey prior year quarter. In tthey fourth quarter, our front-end yield per vehicle increased $2,169 per vehicle to an all-time record of $6,362. And now to parts and service; our parts and service revenue increased 13% in tthey quarter. Tthey warranty revenue dropped 19%. Our customer pay revenue continues it's theyalthy recovery, posting a 17% growth. We achieved over 149,000 online service appointments, an all-time record and a 16% increase over tthey prior year quarter. Some of tthey benefits of increasing online service appointments include enhancement to tthey customer experience, higtheyr customer retention, higtheyr conversion rates, higtheyr margins and higtheyr returns to our shareholders. With three full quarters of Clicklane at all legacy stores under our belt, we would like to share some performance metrics. We sold over 5,000 vehicles through Clicklane in Q4, of which 47% of ttheym were new vehicles and 53% used. 91% of our transactions ttheir quarter were with customers that were new to Asbury's dealership network. Average transaction time continues to be consistent with previous quarter, 8 minutes for cash deals and 14 minutes for finance deals. Total variable front-end yield of $4,298 and F&I front-end yield of $1,846. Average credit score is higtheyr than tthey average credit score at our stores. 80% of consumers seeking financing received instant approval, while an additional 10% require some off-line assistance. 90% of those that applied were approved for financing. 43% of Clicklane sales had trade-ins with 78% of such trades reconditioned in retail to consumers with a total front-end yield of $4,490. And 92% of our Clicklane deliveries are within a 50-mile radius of our stores, thus allowing us tthey opportunity to retain our new customers in our parts and service departments. As expected, Clicklane customers are converting at greater rates than traditional Internet leads. During our first few months after launching Clicklane, approximately 60% of our sales were new vehicles. Until inventory levels somewhat normalized, we will not be able to fully assess tthey full potential of Clicklane. We remain quite excited about tthey continued growth of Clicklane. Lastly, I would like to extend a warm welcome to our new team members. All of you have built tremendous organizations that properly align with our North Star of being tthey most guest-centric automotive retailer. Our future is bright and I look forward to meeting all of you. I will now hand tthey call over to Michael to discuss our financial performance. Michael? Michael Welch Thank you, Dan. To our investors, analysts and ottheyr participants on our call, good morning. I would like to provide some financial highlights which marked yet anottheyr record quarter for our company. For additional details on our financial performance for tthey quarter, please see our financial supplement in our press release today and our investor presentation on our website. Overall, compared to tthey fourth quarter of last year, our actions to manage gross profit and control expenses resulted in a fourth quarter adjusted operating margin of 8.9%, an increase of 290 basis points above tthey same period last year and an all-time record. Adjusted net income increased 89% to $163 million and adjusted EPS increased 68% to $7.46. Net income for tthey fourth quarter of 2021 was adjusted for acquisition expenses and acquisition-related financing expenses of $289 million or $1.02 per diluted share. Net income for tthey fourth quarter of 2020 was adjusted for a gain on dealership divestiture of $3.9 million or $0.15 per diluted share. In addition to tthey net income adjustments mentioned above, our fourth quarter 2021 EPS was negatively impacted by tthey interest and additional shares issued as part of tthey acquisition financing that was completed prior to tthey acquisition closing. If tthey financing had closed simultaneously with tthey Larry H. Miller acquisition, our adjusted EPS for tthey fourth quarter would have been positively impacted by $0.87 as a result of lower interest expense and fewer outstanding shares. Now for tthey full year 2021 results compared to 2020. Adjusted operating margin was 8.1%, an increase of 240 basis points at an all-time record. Adjusted net income increased 120% to $549 million and adjusted EPS increased 112% to $27.29. Our effective tax rate was 23.7% for 2021 compared to 24.8% in 2020. Ttheir quarter, we acquired $6.6 billion in annualized revenue. In order to finance tthey acquisitions, we completed debt and equity offerings totaling approximately $2.1 billion, a syndicated mortgage facility of approximately $700 million and borrowed under our upsized syndicated credit facility. In addition, we spent approximately $34 million of capital expenditures in tthey quarter. We generated $632 million of adjusted operating cash flow for tthey year. Our balance ttheyyet remains theyalthy as we ended tthey quarter with approximately $437 million of liquidity, comprised of cash, excluding cash to Total Care Auto, floorplan offset accounts and availability on both our used line and revolving credit facility. Also at tthey end of tthey quarter, our net leverage ratio stood at 2.7x, below our targeted net leverage of 3x. As David stated earlier, today, we announced that our Board has approved an increase to our share repurchase authorization by $100 million to $200 million. For 2022, we are planning for a tax rate of approximately 25% to 26% and CapEx of approximately $150 million. Ttheir amount excludes real estate purchases and potential lease buyout opportunities that we consider to be financing transactions. In closing, I would like to thank our teams across tthey business who continue to work hard to ensure our current and long-term success. I would also like to welcome our new team members. Now, I'll turn tthey call back over to David to discuss our 2022 objectives and expectations. David? David Hult Thanks, Michael. Turning to 2022; our key objectives are continue our smooth transition with all of our new value team members, execute superior allocation of capital to maximize shareholder return, continue tthey innovation and growth of Clicklane, rolling out ttheir fully transactional tool coast to coast into our recent acquisitions, integrate our insurance and F&I product provider, Total Care Auto across tthey entire Asbury platform of dealerships which will allow us to expand our F&I PVR, execute our company-wide training initiative to continue tthey development and growth of our teammates and maintain our best-in-class operating margins and SG&A. I would also like to make a few comments regarding our expectations for ttheir year. We are excited about 2022. We see good opportunities for automotive retail and we expect that demand will continue to exceed supply for most of tthey year. We do anticipate a gradual recovery in inventory levels in tthey second half of '22 as OEM production improves. As a result, we are planning our business for a SAAR of 15.5 million to 16 million units and vehicle margins consistent with 2021. We will remain nimble and vigilant to adapt as conditions evolve. SG&A as a percentage of gross profit should continue to benefit from active expense management and improved employee productivity. We look forward to continuing to deliver strong results for our shareholders, be outstanding partners with our OEMs to steward ttheyir great brands and offer an environment wtheyre our team members can thrive while providing tthey most guest-centric experience in automotive retail. Finally, I'd like to address all of my teammates at Asbury. Our ability to add quality stores, who, like us, care about serving our guests and being highly engaged in our communities could not have happened without you. You all have given us tthey ability to thoughtfully grow our core business because you align behind our vision. I appreciate all of you and I am thankful to be a part of ttheir team. People make tthey difference in any organization and you are making us a better place to work and you are creating an environment wtheyre people want to do business. Thank you for everything. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks. We will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator and take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from tthey line of Rick Nelson with Steptheyns. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Rick Nelson Thanks a lot [indiscernible] and anottheyr great quarter. I'd like to ask about tthey acquired stores, pay operate at a higtheyr front-end yield and lower SG&A than tthey core Asbury. As I looked at tthey consolidated SG&A, for example, was slightly lower than tthey same store. David Hult Rick, ttheir is David. I'll start and Michael can certainly jump in. As wtheyn we announced tthey deals, tthey comment was made ttheyre accretive to Asbury. It's early on in tthey fourth quarter, I think we had maybe 12 or 13 days in tthey quarter with Larry H. Miller numbers and ttheyn you add in tthey holidays, it was probably 10 or 11 days. So those acquisitions, as stated before, are accretive to Asbury in what you acknowledge and recognized as accurate. Rick Nelson And are ttheyre opportunities to improve performance of tthey acquired stores or is a bigger opportunity rolling to CA, for example, across tthey Asbury chain? David Hult Yes, it's a great question. A couple of things. Tthey best operation in tthey world has plenty of room for improvement and we certainly do at our core stores and our new acquisitions. We certainly have an opportunity to continue to grow our used car performance. And with tthey rollout of Total Care into tthey Asbury stores, that will certainly boost our F&I numbers as well, while parts and service continues to grow at a steady rate. Michael Welch One ottheyr thing to add, Rick, is anottheyr opportunity for us is putting Clicklane in those acquisitions. And that will just give us some technology that ttheyy didn't have before. So that is an opportunity for us to just theylp ttheym from a technology perspective. Rick Nelson Okay. Also like to gauge your appetite to do more acquisitions. Do you slow things theyre temporarily to integrate what you've got? Or is ttheyre an appetite to do something over tthey near term? David Hult Rick, ttheir is David. I'll start and Michael might jump in. Our goal was never to grow to be tthey largest or grow tthey fastest. It is really about being opportunistic in finding groups that are really aligned with us. We allow ttheym to continue to operate as ttheyy have been. So it's a much longer integration period to get to know each ottheyr and integrate everything over. We feel like our stock price is extremely ctheyap right now and we're trading at an extremely low multiple and we want to be great capital allocators. So ttheyre could be a potential for some acquisitions or buying back our stock. But it's tough to say how tthey year will play out. If something comes up that's accretive to our company and for our shareholders, we'll certainly act upon it. And if it makes sense, if we feel like our stock price is being devalued, we will certainly acquire some of our stock back. Rick Nelson Great. And tthey expectation for stable GPUs in 2022. What -- talk ttheyre about things would advance maybe in tthey front end of tthey year and ttheyn we'd see some pressure in tthey back end and given your expectations for inventories to normalize? David Hult Sure. Tthey good news is in tthey last year, everyone has been wrong all tthey time about inventory trying to figure it out. But tthey way we see '22 as we sit theyre today, wtheyn you look at '21, tthey first two quarters, inventory levels were higtheyr and margins were a little bit lower. And ttheyn that reversed itself in tthey second half of '21. Inventory really came down and margins went up. We see tthey reverse of that in '22. I don't know that we'll be right but we think tthey first half of '22 will certainly have elevated margins like we saw in tthey fourth quarter. And ttheyn tthey second half of tthey year might look a little bit like tthey first half of '21. Really difficult to gauge what's going to happen between tthey pandemic and tthey chip shortage and everything else. But as we sit theyre today, that's tthey way we see it. Rick Nelson Great. Thanks for tthey color and good luck. David Hult Thank you. Operator We'll take our next question from tthey line of John Murphy with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. John Murphy Good morning, everybody. Maybe a follow-up on -- good morning. Maybe just a follow-up on Rick's just last question ttheyre. I mean wtheyre do you think inventory is going to normalize? I know, I mean, obviously, calling tthey second half ttheir year is tough, right, because it's a very tough thing to call tthey timing. But wtheyn things -- tthey logjam is broken theyre, what do you think tthey level is that tthey automakers are going to go back to? And what do you think it means for grosses [ph] -- is it somewtheyre between theyre and wtheyre it used to be? Or is it all tthey way back to wtheyre it used to be? David Hult Very tough to predict. It's a competitive world and you never know what someone is going to do to try and gain market share and grow ttheyir business. I think everyone's learned from tthey concept that we can be effective with a lower days supply and everyone can benefit from that. Does that mean we'll stabilize at a 35, 40 days supply compared to a 65 or 70? I think it's too early to tell. But to me, tthey demand seems so high right now even wtheyn ttheyy're able to start catching up on tthey inventory between tthey rental car companies and fleet businesses and everything else, I just don't see tthey demand settling until sometime into '23. John Murphy Yes. I generally agree with you ttheyre. It's going to be a while before tthey things normalize. On tthey SG&A front, tthey absolute dollars as well as tthey percent of gross is pretty impressive. Is ttheyre a way to think about that going forward? Is it tied more towards units than tthey grosses? Or is ttheyre a way to -- for you to maybe link it a little bit more to grosses so we don't have ttheir kind of variability in tthey numerator denominator stays a little bit more static and yet you keep more of tthey gross consistently over time. David Hult Yes. I would -- it's a tough one, John. I would tell you, prior to pandemic, we were focused on our productivity per employee and that generally keeps your cost down. However, if margins certainly start to go backwards a lot, ttheyre will be some leakage into SG&A. I also think as technology continues to evolve over tthey next few years, that gives you an opportunity to hit new ceiling levels with production per employee. So we see it as a pretty stable environment. And as margins start to come back and say, call it, '23 at ttheir point, again, who knows. But if it's '23, we also think we're going to be that much more productive per employee in '23. So we think we run lean and mean and tthey stores do a tremendous job of keeping ttheyir expenses down and operating extremely efficiently, wtheyttheyr it's our marketing dollars that we spend or how we staff tthey stores. We just think it's a discipline and a core behavior of ours. John Murphy Okay. And ttheyn just lastly, could you just kind of remind us exactly what's going on in Total Care Auto and Larry Miller? And really, is ttheyre an or is ttheir kind of ttheyydding light on not just as Rick mentioned, spreading it across stores but maybe even doing more on F&I and becoming your own underwriter in some cases because that's -- some of your peers are looking at ttheir stuff and it seems like it might be an incremental opportunity but also a little bit touchy because you don't want to compete with tthey captives. David Hult Yes. I mean Total Care Auto is a full F&I product suppliers. Ttheyy take tthey place of some of tthey third parties out ttheyre. And so we basically retain all tthey profitability that used to go to tthey third parties. Tthey ottheyr benefit is because we control both sides of tthey equation, we have tthey F&I side and we have tthey sale and tthey parts and service side. It allows us to kind of hold tthey customer throughout tthey whole process and really provide a better customer experience. So ttheyre is some tremendous upside for us as we roll ttheir out to our stores. One thing we'll have to do just in next quarter just for transparency is we're going to have to be able to show you guys dealership operations, TCA operations and ttheyn tthey consolidated operations and make sure we kind of present that to you guys in a way that you can really see tthey impact. And so, you'll see that coming next quarter wtheyn we have a full quarter of operations with TCA. So we'll hopefully be able to give you guys tthey transparency to kind of see tthey benefits of that operations. Michael Welch And ttheyn one quick comment on top of that. TCA is an extremely insurance company that's been in business over 30 years and is A.M. Best rated. It's woven into tthey fabric and DNA of tthey Miller organization and ttheyir stores. For that benefit, ttheyy have increased penetrations in product sales compared to tthey legacy Asbury stores. So we feel confident as that gets rolled into Asbury, we will see tthey benefit as well in future improved product sales. John Murphy So that function is offshore self-insurance. Is that essentially kind of what's going on ttheyre at TCA? David Hult It's onshore. It's just a -- again, it's just tthey underwriter behind tthey F&I products like vehicle service contracts, maintenance contracts, things like that on tthey F&I side. John Murphy Okay, all right. Thank you very much. David Hult Thank you, John. Operator We'll take our next question from tthey line of Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Rajat Gupta Hi, thanks for taking tthey questions. I was just hoping maybe you could provide us a quick preview of what to expect during tthey first quarter print with regard to tthey long-term plan, Clearly, acquisitions are atheyad of -- well atheyad of plan. Overall, cumulative cash generation is going to be much higtheyr than what you had in mind wtheyn you put out those targets. You've talked about a number of horizons or vertical adjacencies. You already have TCA and Salty, is captive finance mix on tthey cards? Maybe any color on what could be that extra use of that cash. You obviously have tthey buyback. And could that be a more consistent and bigger portion of tthey capital allocation mix going forward? And I have a follow-up. Michael Welch So I'll just hit on tthey capital allocation portion. I think with tthey share price, we always look at share buybacks and acquisitions in terms of tthey best return for tthey shareholder. And of course, at ttheyse share prices, share buybacks look pretty attractive. We'll -- we have that kind of built into tthey five year model, too but it's hard to say wtheyre tthey share price is going to trade and wtheyre tthey acquisitions are going to price at three, four years into tthey future. So it's tthey same capital deployment we've always looked at in terms of what's tthey share price versus what's acquisitions at. So no changes ttheyre, just more -- like you said, more cash flow to put into both those buckets. On tthey five year plan on tthey update, tthey key ttheyre is we did more acquisitions than we originally anticipated upfront. And so that will, of course, give us a larger base do same-store off of and Clicklane. So I don't see a bunch of changes in terms of tthey path we're looking to go down. It's just tthey numbers will get updated with tthey larger base. David Hult And your comment regarding tthey finance company, I would say we're in tthey really early stages of investigating and looking at it and see if that's something that makes sense for us or not. It's too early to tell at ttheir point. We're clearly going to generate a lot more cash ttheir year. We will pay down mortgages and some debt that we have available. And wtheyttheyr it's through acquisitions or buybacks, really depending upon what tthey market gives us and what acquisitions are out ttheyre. We've seen a lot of opportunities for acquisitions already ttheir year and we've passed on ttheym just because it doesn't fit our threshold and our disciplined look at finding stores that are accretive to our company. Operator We'll take our next question from tthey line of Jordan Moore with Truist. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Jordan Moore Hi, good morning. David Hult Good morning. Jordan Moore I wanted to touch on Clicklane and what your expectations are for marketing and advertising in 2022 and just increasing awareness for tthey platform. David Hult Yes. Ttheir is David, Jordan. I would tell you, we started off '21 thinking we're going to spend a chunk of money marketing Clicklane and we quickly canceled all of that because it didn't make sense with tthey lack of inventory that we have. We constantly look at tthey tools that are out ttheyre. We still believe we have tthey best tool in tthey market and it's a fully transactional tool. Tthey benefit of that is tthey consumer experience. Tthey downside to that is integrating that into new stores. It takes a little bit longer than if it was simply a lead generator and overlaying it into a website. So it's going to take us a little time to integrate tthey rest. I would tell you tthey marketing dollars won't pick up until tthey inventory levels are ttheyre. Tthey software right now because we don't want to ruin tthey experience for tthey consumer, you could go on a website in one of our stores and see some stores had tthey Clicklane on tthey vehicle display page and some don't. And tthey reason that is, is really tthey availability of tthey product. We don't want to ruin tthey experience and have someone purchase a car that isn't available. And while you have seasoned professional salespeople in tthey stores, that can see inventory come in a month atheyad of time, ttheyy're preselling into tthey pipeline which is really shrinking tthey inventory availability for Clicklane. So it's just not prudent to spend tthey money right now to market it. We'll wait for inventory to catch up. Jordan Moore Understood. And ttheyn shifting gears, I think we're all pretty aware that tthey majority of tthey OEMs are exploring pretty aggressive EV expansion goals as well as a lot of kind of new exciting models. Maybe you could talk a little bit about tthey conversations you're having with tthey OEMs about new models, particularly around EVs, new selling methods, direct-to-consumer? And just kind of in general, how you're preparing yourself those dealers to meet ttheir -- a lot of ttheyse new models and kind of tthey years atheyad? David Hult We started about almost four years ago now starting to install charging stations at our facilities and so on and getting up to speed on training as new product has come out. A few years ago, ttheyre was some concern about tthey consumer adoption to EV. You can really feel tthey wave now coming wtheyre tthey consumers are being far more accepting of EVs and we're excited about tthey opportunity to sell some of ttheyse products. We believe some of tthey electric cars that are coming out from some of tthey legacy OEMs. Tthey quality and fit and finish to us is superior than some of tthey start-ups that we've seen touctheyd and as far as ttheyir products. So we're adapting and we're theyalthy and we're ready to go. We're still of tthey belief that as far as tthey supply chain goes, from tthey legacy OEMs and tthey franctheire dealer is tthey best model for tthey consumer. Ttheyse cars are complex and ttheyy need people locally that ttheyy can count on to theylp ttheym wtheyn issues arise. On a quarterly basis, we track in our service departments, combustible engine dollars spent per repair order, hybrid and ttheyn fully electric. And it's still consistently tthey same. Right now, tthey higtheyst dollar spent per repair order on tthey fully electric cars. And you'd expect that with tthey new technology that's coming out. So that will improve over time as well. We think by having a tool like Clicklane, that is a complete transactional tool, not a lead generator that's going to get back to you. That really negates tthey need to sell direct to consumer from some of ttheyse electric car companies. And as inventory becomes available and car companies have to compete with one anottheyr, tthey differentiator ttheyy have is tthey people on tthey ground selling tthey product. So we like our position. We believe as long as we take care of our consumers and we offer ttheym a high level of service that tthey franctheire model makes a lot of sense. Jordan Moore Great. That's all very theylpful. Thank you so much. David Hult Absolutely [ph]. Operator We'll take our next question from tthey line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Bret Jordan Hey, good morning guys. How should we think about used vehicle valuations as tthey year progresses? Is it just sort of an inverse as new supply comes up, used comes down? Or do you think used can soften before that? And ttheyn tthey follow-through on that is sort of in tthey Clicklane mix, as you're selling 53% used, is it a different profile car than what you would be selling on average? You say tthey FICO score is higtheyr. Is ttheir a younger, higtheyr value used car? Daniel Clara Ttheir is Dan. So I'll address tthey first one -- tthey first question regarding tthey values. It's hard to tell but we see tthey values starting in November, December, have adjusted meaning that ttheyy're not growing exponentially as ttheyy were before. And until tthey inventory levels, our belief is until tthey inventory levels for new cars somewhat stabilize, tthey used car valuation is going to remain wtheyre it is right now. And I don't -- we don't believe that wtheyn ttheyre is a correction that it will be an immediate correction. It's going to be a gradual correction. So -- but we do believe that is going to be dependent on tthey new DSI -- new car DSI. On tthey second question as far as Clicklane sales, we're selling a low cost of sale call under, call it, $10,000, $8,000 and we're selling tthey high cost of sales, certified preowned luxury vehicle in our Clicklane tool. So no different than what we're selling in our stores, just a much better experience and a much faster transaction. David Hult I would add that down payments are higtheyr on Clicklane, wtheyn tthey credit scores are higtheyr for ttheir simple reason, Bret. It's consumers that have tthey ability and aren't worried about financing but ttheyy value ttheyir time. And ttheyy realize that it's a full transactional tool that ttheyy can get tthey purchase done in a 15-minute span and ttheyy move on. We certainly have a 7-day buyback, no questions asked which probably gives ttheym some level of comfort. But I think at tthey end of tthey day, it's clearly about convenience which is what's driving tthey higtheyr credit scores. Bret Jordan Okay. And ttheyn you called out a $4,400 plus GPU on tthey Clicklane used. Was that just tthey used cars you were selling that you've taken on trade via Clicklane as well so you've built really some well-sourced inventory? David Hult Yes. So those -- so that was tthey consumer who purchased a new vehicle on Clicklane traded a car and we took that trade reconditioned it and sold it. Bret Jordan Okay, great. Thank you. Operator We'll take our next question from tthey line of David Wtheirton with Morningstar. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. David Wtheirton Thanks. Good morning. On tthey M&A front, have you noticed so far ttheir year, any difference in seller asking prices compared to 2021? David Hult It's a great question, David. I would say it's really depending upon tthey brand and tthey location of wtheyre it's at in what I would call some markets that are not growing at some rate as ottheyrs and weaker brands. Ttheyy're bringing lower multiples for sure. But in those highly desirable markets and big stores, ttheyy're still bringing a premium at ttheir point in time. David Wtheirton Do you see a lot of selling -- sellers being unreasonable though, thinking well, look at tthey margins now, I should be able to assume that into perpetuity and you're having to push back? David Hult I think wtheyn anyone is selling anything and ttheyn you have a buyer, everyone's going to take ttheyir position and tthey seller certainly wants to assume that. I think you also have some people maybe that aren't fully sellers. Ttheyy're just testing tthey waters in tthey markets to see what valuations are and what ttheyy could possibly get. We don't spend a lot of time looking at a lot of deals. We say no pretty fast and we really only spend time on tthey deals that we think make sense for us. So it's hard to really say. I can tell you tthey activity we've seen in tthey last 60 days has been every bit as great as it has been for tthey last 12 months. David Wtheirton Okay. And on tthey TCA restricted cash, I was just curious, if ttheyre ever is a really bad crisis, like wtheyn tthey pandemic or say tthey Lehman collapsing, is ttheyre any way you could access that cash for general liquidity if you needed to? Michael Welch On TCA cash? David Hult Yes. Michael Welch Tthey TCA cash, most of that cash is for investments that have to be ttheyre for insurance purposes to cover future claims. We do pull tthey cash from tthey excess cash gets pulled from TCA and pulled over to Asbury used for general corporate purposes as it earns out. So every month, we're pulling kind of tthey excess cash out of tthey business. So what's left ttheyre is just investments that are needed for future claims. David Wtheirton Okay. And finally, tthey special item in tthey quarter on tthey bridge commitment fee. Was that for GAAP booked in interest expense? Michael Welch Yes. And that was -- I think I may have misspoke wtheyn I read it. I think I said $289 million. It's $28.9 million if I misspoke that one. So yes, that is an interest expense for GAAP. David Wtheirton Okay. Thank you. David Hult Thank you, David. Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from tthey line of Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Rajat Gupta Hi, great. Thanks for getting me back in tthey queue. I was accidentally on mute before my follow-up on tthey previous question. I just had a question on tthey used vehicle business. clearly, nice execution ttheyre. Things have started to improve in terms of tthey overall same-store performance after some mixed quarters in tthey past. What would you attribute to anything company specific that is driving that turnaround? And just how do you view tthey sustainability of that going forward? Is Clicklane also like a major part of it or not? David Hult I'll start and ttheyn Dan can finish for that. Your point was obvious. We had lower comp numbers. So that certainly theylped. Ttheyre has been again focus at our stores. But I'll tell you, we're more of a conservative than an aggressive group and what I mean by that, 36 years in automotive for me, tthey pricing valuation right now is hard to get my theyad around because I haven't seen numbers like ttheir before. So we try and stay disciplined at a 30 days supply or 30 to 35 days supply. Could we have a 45, 50, 60 days supply of used cars? Sure. But if tthey market swings that would put us in a tougtheyr position. So we really like that discipline of having a lower day supply. I think it will continue in tthey acquisitions that we have or that are coming on. I made tthey comment earlier, ttheyy're more accretive to our company. One of tthey big areas of opportunity that ttheyy have, ttheyy're used to new ratios are lower than tthey core legacy Asbury stores. So ttheyre's an opportunity to grow used car sales ttheyre. But behavior doesn't change overnight. It's going to take some time to work on that with ttheym and get tthey potential out of those stores with preowned. Daniel Clara Raj, I would add to tthey -- it's been a main focus of us with an entire team but more importantly, tthey operators at tthey store level, getting behind our vision and executing. And what I mean by that is anything from a used car perspective is really about having tthey right car at tthey right store wtheyre it turns tthey fastest and for tthey higtheyst margin. And we have tthey tools to -- and tthey theirtorical that shows that. And we maximize it on a month-to-month basis to put tthey cars wtheyre ttheyy belong and turn ttheym at a faster pace. So very pleased with what tthey operators have done. I cannot thank ttheym enough but we've got plenty of room to continue improving. Rajat Gupta Got it, great. Thanks for tthey color. Good luck. David Hult Thank you. David Hult Ttheir concludes our discussion today. We appreciate your participation and look forward to discussing our first quarter results in April. Have a great day.