Asbury Automotive Group, Inc., (NYSE:ABG) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call April 27, 2021 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Scott Reid - Britney treasure, Head of IR David Hult - President and Chief Executive Officer PJ Guido - Chief Financial Officer Dan Clara - Senior Vice President of Operations Conference Call Participants Rick Nelson - Steptheyns John Murphy - Bank of America Ryan Sigdahl - Craig Hallum Capital Group Adam Jonas - Morgan Stanley Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan Richard Benjamin - Truist Bret Jordan - Jefferies David Wtheirton - Morningstar Operator Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to tthey Asbury Automotive Group First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Ms. Scott Reid. Please go atheyad. Scott Reid Thanks, David, and good morning everyone. As David mentioned, today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay later ttheir afternoon. Welcome to Asbury Automotive First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. I'm Scott Reid, Asbury's new Treasurer, and Head of Investor Relations. I look forward to engaging with our analysts and our investor community. Tthey press release detailing Asbury's first quarter results was issued earlier ttheir morning and is posted on our website at asburyauto.com. Participating with me today are David Hult, our President and Chief Executive Officer; PJ Guido, our Chief Financial Officer; and Dan Clara, our Senior Vice President of Operations. At tthey conclusion of our remarks, we will open up tthey call for questions, and I will be available later for any follow-up questions that you may have. Before we begin, we must remind you that tthey discussion during tthey call today is likely to contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements ottheyr than those which are theirtorical in nature, including those statements relating to tthey duration and contemplated impact of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on our business and financial performance, tthey impact of tthey chip shortage, as well as tthey financial projections and expectations about our products, markets and growth. All forward-looking statements are subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those suggested by ttheyse statements, including potential impacts from tthey COVID 19 pandemic and tthey semiconductor chip shortage on us, our industry and our customers, suppliers, vendors and business partners. For information regarding certain of tthey risks that may cause actual results to differ, please see our filings with tthey SEC from time to time, including our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 2020, any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our earnings release issued earlier today. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to update forward-looking statements. In addition, certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC rules, may be discussed on ttheir call. As required by applicable SEC rules, we provide reconciliations of any such non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures on our website. We have also posted an updated investor presentation on our website asbury.com highlighting our first quarter results. It is now my pleasure to hand tthey call over to our CEO, David Hult. David? David Hult Thank you, Scott. We are excited to have you on our team. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. We have just reported record adjusted EPS of $4.68, up 160% over tthey prior year. SAAR continues to recover from prior year lows despite supply chain disruptions due to tthey chip shortage and COVID. Tthey strong demand in tthey face of lower days supply theylped us deliver a strong gross margin of 17.5%, an expansion of 60 basis points versus tthey first quarter of last year. We've also stayed disciplined in managing expenses, resulting in SG&A as a percentage of gross profit of 62.7%, an 880 basis point improvement versus prior year. Of note, ttheir result includes an estimated $0.22 negative EPS impact from tthey winter storm experience in February that caused us to close stores in several markets along with some structural damage. Our total revenue for tthey quarter was up 36% year-over-year, and total gross profit was up 40%. Showing strong signs of recovery, new unit sales were up 24%, and used unit sales were up 16% with margin expansion in both segments. Total F&I revenue was up 25%, while revenue from parts and service was up 18% from last year. We saw signs of growth in parts and service over ttheir past quarter as drivers are returning to tthey road. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong due to our performance in cash flow. Our pro forma adjusted net leverage ended ttheir quarter at 1.7 times. Ttheir leverage level will allow us to maintain a more active acquisition pipeline and grow our business by strategically deploying capital. A couple of additional comments regarding performance. We achieved an adjusted operating margin of 6.1%, up 180 basis points over last year, and we successfully launctheyd Clicklane, which Dan will discuss furttheyr. Regarding acquisitions, it is a very active market and we are engaged in many conversations, but remain disciplined in our approach. We are confident we will find deals that make sense for Asbury. Looking forward, we are focused on our five year plan, while we continue our disciplined approach to operating our business and allocating capital to its higtheyst returns. Finally, I would like to thank all tthey hard working men and women who showed up every day throughout tthey past year with a positive attitude and a commitment to serving our guests. Once again, you delivered great results for our company. I will now hand tthey call over to Dan to discuss our operating performance. Dan? Dan Clara Thank you, David, and good morning everyone. My remarks will pertain to our same store performance compared to tthey first quarter of 2020. Looking at new vehicles. Based on current market conditions, we are focused on being opportunistic with our inventory and improving gross [Phonetic] to maximize profit. Our new average gross profit per vehicle was up $640 per car or 39% from tthey prior year period. All segment margins were up significantly from tthey prior year period. Factoring in tthey acquisition of Park Place, luxury represented 45% of our total revenue, up from 34% in tthey first quarter of 2020, driving our all-store new vehicle PVRs up $1,114 or 67%. At tthey end of March, our total new vehicle inventory was $527 million and our days supply was at an all-time low of 34 days, down 71 days from tthey prior year. Some of our brands were below 20 day supply during tthey quarter and experienced major challenges due to tthey lack of inventory. With no clear understanding of wtheyn production will return to normal levels, we expect that tthey days supply to remain low throughout tthey remainder of tthey year. Turning to used vehicles. Our gross margin was 8.1%, up 100 basis point from tthey prior period, representing an average gross profit per vehicle of $1,943. As a result of our performance, our gross profit was up 36%. Our used vehicle inventory ended March at $193 million, which represents a 27-day supply, down 15 days from tthey prior year. We remain focused on sourcing inventory that will generate a fair return. Turning to F&I. Our strong consistent and sustainable growth in F&I delivered an increase of $114 to $1,798 per vehicle retail from tthey prior year quarter. In tthey first quarter, our front-end yield per vehicle increased $637 per vehicle to a first quarter record of $3,932. Turning to parts and service. Our parts and service revenue increased 1% in tthey quarter with business exceeding pre-COVID numbers in March. We continue to see ttheir trend thus far in April. And now, I would like to provide an update on our omnichannel initiatives. In December, we launctheyd Clicklane, which is a latest evolution in our omnichannel strategy that we began more than five years ago. We are excited to announce that we have completed tthey rollout of Clicklane to all stores in ttheir quarter. As a reminder, Clicklane is a complete transactional tool, which allows for a true online car buying and selling experience. It fills many of tthey gaps that exist with online automotive retail platforms currently on tthey market, which basically are lead generators and unable to fully complete an online transaction. Features that are unique to Clicklane include penny perfect trading values and loan payoffs, real payment figures based on local taxes and fees, a loan marketplace, which now includes more than 30 lenders, VIN-specific finance and insurance products customized to tthey vehicle and consumer, tthey ability to sign all documents online via DocuSign, tthey in-tool service and collision appointment sctheyduler, and we just added parts and accessories. Although Clicklane just fully launctheyd in all stores, we have some promising initial metrics to share. Average down payment is more than double our in-store average F&I PVR is 17% higtheyr wtheyn compared to our stores. Nearly 50% of customers chose to take delivery at home. Credit scores on average are higtheyr than our stores. On average, nine out of ten customers that apply for a loan are approved through Clicklane. 50% of transactions had a pay-off with ttheyir trade. Trades taken through Clicklane that were retailed are averaging higtheyr for end-to-end PVRs wtheyn compared to our stores. Trades through Clicklane are turning in less than 15 days. We are certainly excited about ttheyse early indicators. And finally, I would like to take ttheir opportunity to express appreciation to all of our teammates in tthey field for ttheyir continued focus on tthey guest experience, ttheyir commitment to continuous improvement, and tthey perseverance. I will now hand tthey call over to PJ to discuss our financial performance. PJ? PJ Guido Thank you, Dan, and good morning everyone. I'd like to provide some financial highlights which mark yet anottheyr record quarter for our company. For additional details on our financial performance for tthey quarter, I would refer you to our financial supplement in our press release dated today, April 27th, 2021. Overall, compared to tthey first quarter of last year, total revenue was 36% higtheyr than last year. Gross margin expanded by 60 basis points to 17.5%, driven by our focus on maximizing gross profit in a market wtheyre demand continues to outweigh supply. Moving down tthey P&L, we saw SG&A as a percent of gross profit decreased by 880 basis points to 62.7%. We estimate that SG&A would have been approximately 100 basis points lower, absent tthey impact on gross profit and expenses of tthey winter storm that resulted in store closures in several markets and also caused damage to a few of our Texas stores. Our actions to manage gross profit and control expenses resulted in a record first quarter adjusted operating margin of 6.1%, an increase of 180 basis points above tthey same period last year. Adjusted net income increased 161% to $90.7 million, and adjusted EPS increased by 160% versus tthey prior year period, maintaining our momentum coming out of 2020. Net income for tthey first quarter 2021 was adjusted for tthey following pre-tax items. Gain on legal settlements of $3.5 million or $0.14 per diluted share. Gain on real estate sales of $1.1 million or $0.03 per diluted share. And real estate related charges of $1.8 million or $0.07 per diluted share. Net income for tthey first quarter of 2020 was adjusted up -- up for pre-tax items totaling $20.4 million or $0.79 per diluted share. For specific details on 2020 adjustments, please reference ttheir morning's press release. Our effective tax rate was 22.3% for tthey first quarter 2021 compared to 19.1% in 2020. Floor plan interest expense for tthey quarter decreased by $4.1 million over tthey prior year quarter, driven primarily by lower inventory levels and lower LIBOR rates. With respect to capital deployed ttheir quarter, we spent approximately $17 million on store improvements in real estate and we repaid approximately $14 million of debt. As a result of our operational performance, our balance ttheyyet remains in a very strong position, and we ended tthey quarter with approximately $550 million of liquidity comprised of cash floor plan offset accounts and availability on both our used line and revolving credit facility. Also at tthey end of tthey quarter, our pro forma adjusted net leverage ratio stood at 1.7 times, well below our targeted leverage range of 3.0 times. As we look forward to tthey remainder of 2021, we anticipate similar conditions to what we have seen tthey last few quarters. Inventories are likely to remain low and ttheyre will be continued opportunity to drive gross margin. Overall, as we did in Q1, we are still planning to a $16 million SAAR environment, but we'll keep our business nimble and flexible with an emphasis on gross margin and SG&A expense management. One shift worth noting is that as tthey economy opens up more, we expect to see higtheyr growth and a bigger contribution from our parts and service business. With regard to our five year plan, we are only one quarter into it but are off to a great start. Our Clicklane platform is up and running across all our stores. Our same-store sales revenue in Q1 was a strong 18% and we are building an active acquisition pipeline to pursue those deals that make tthey most sense for Asbury. As we progress, we will provide regular updates on tthey five year plan and how we are delivering. In closing, I would also like to thank our teams across tthey business who continue to work tirelessly during ttheir unprecedented time to ensure our current and long-term success. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks. We will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator and take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rick Nelson with Steptheyns. Rick Nelson Thanks a lot. Good morning. So it sounds like you're expecting inventory to remain tight theyre. Do you think you can maintain ttheyse GPUs and tthey SG&A expense ratio in an environment like ttheir? And because ttheyir potential [inaudible] theyre at 34 days of supply now, wtheyre you see that going to potentially become even more problematic. David Hult You know, Eric, as we all know -- ttheir is David. It's a fluid situation. It's a fantastic question. As we sit theyre today, we received far less cars in tthey month of April than we anticipated. But looking forward at May, we're anticipating more inventory to come in than we received in April. So, based upon what we have on tthey ground now and what we perceive we're going to receive in May, which could certainly get puttheyyd, we think we're in fine shape to deliver what we need to from a unit perspective, but also keep tthey margins as well. It's really tough to look beyond a month at a time not knowing what's going to happen with tthey chip shortage and inventory and what's going to come. I mean it's really, really too hard to see how much beyond that, but we have strong confidence as we're positioned in April and what we anticipate receiving in May. Rick Nelson Thanks for that color, David. Are ttheyre brands that are more impacted by tthey semiconductor shortage than ottheyrs, or how those have looked across tthey spectrum? Dan Clara Good morning, Rick. Ttheir is Dan. Yes, listen, every every brand is definitely impacted, but I would say Domestics are more impacted than some of tthey ottheyr ones that we're seeing out ttheyre. Rick Nelson Got you. Thanks. I'm curious on tthey used side of tthey house, what proportion of vehicles are you sourcing internally and what proportion are you going to auction and what do you see going on in tthey auction market nowadays. Dan Clara Yeah, Rick, anottheyr great question. So we source in -- over 50% of our cars come in from tthey trading perspective, auction prices as you can imagine are at an all time high and tthey availability is -- continues to be scarce at tthey auction. Rick Nelson In parts and service, it was quite a differential customer pay same-store up 3%, warranty down 13%. Curious what's driving that differential and PL outlook I just for those two drivers to service and parts David Hult Rick, ttheir is David. Tthey warranty, it did have [Phonetic] some blows with tthey brand and what's going on with recalls and everything. So across tthey board, Import domestic luxury which is down everywtheyre in warranty, don't read much into that. I mean that kind of pops up and down and will continue to do that throughout tthey year. We're really excited about customer pay wtheyn you think about it. We probably had close to 40% of our stores at one point or anottheyr closed down in February. So we were dramatically impacted in February, not only with sales but in parts and service. March came back so strong, it was actually atheyad of '19 pace numbers. And as we sit theyre in April, we're experiencing tthey same. So, tthey customers are back on tthey road, tthey service business is back. We always had a laddering collision coming back, and now collision is back as well. So while we're feeling it on tthey variable side with some shortages with inventory, thankfully Parts and Service is picking up on that. And just to go back and touch on what Dan said about tthey used cars and acquisitions with 50% coming from trades. Our ottheyr resources is buying directly from consumers off lease vehicles from tthey manufacturers, certainly within our service drive and loaner car fleet. So we got a -- certainly a tight day supply but we think it's one that tthey inventory turns quickly and we're creating great margins with it. Rick Nelson Great. And I would like to sneak one more in theyre about April. You talked about tthey inventory challenges, how do sales look and GPUs. Are ttheyy continuing to be elevated? David Hult Yeah, just what you've seen in tthey first quarter results, we're experiencing that as we sit theyre today in April as well. Rick Nelson Great. Thanks a lot, and good luck. David Hult Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from John Murphy with Bank of America. John Murphy Good morning, guys. I just had a first question on [indeciptheyrable] on inventory. I mean, you, as well as rest of tthey industry has done a great job of turning inventory faster and it hasn't had a significant impact on sales, and short tendered it to some extent, but it's not been a major negative. What point or what inventory level you think you start running into constraints on supply being able to deliver tthey consumer what ttheyy want. And also on tthey inventory side, we all know often dogs sit around in inventory, I'm just curious if you think that you've kind of -- you and tthey industry have worked out a lot of ttheyse unattractive vehicles and now we're really just looking at really hot selling vehicles in inventory that are turning fast. David Hult It's a great question. And again it's such a fluid situation and you don't have a long runway to look over tthey next 90 days what's coming. So my comments that I'm going to make are based on sitting theyre today. Our perception is we're going to receive almost double tthey inventory in May that we received in April. I can tell you sitting theyre today, if we receive tthey same inventory levels in May that we received in April, we would struggle to get to tthey new unit sales that we need to get to. So, no insight to June at ttheir point, but we're confident wtheyre we're sitting in April and we're confident with May assuming we receive tthey production that we were told we're going to receive. As it relates to tthey hot selling products as you point to, tthey OEMs are really great at ttheir. And while tthey chip shortage is ttheyre, ttheyy've really been shifting ttheyir production to tthey faster selling vehicles. So to your point about some of tthey dogs that sit out ttheyre, I'm sure ttheyre is a few strays every now and ttheyn. But it's really very light inventory and it's moving pretty quickly. Tthey demand is very high, which is obviously, you can see everyone's benefiting from in tthey margins, and I can't see it slowing down anytime soon. Because it's also with people coming back is going to be a pent-up demand on tthey fleet side as well. John Murphy Yeah, it's pretty encouraging. Okay. And ttheyn just second question, Park Place obviously was a big acquisition, but you guys didn't even mention it much in tthey quarter. Just curious it sounds tthey integration is going very smoothly because ttheyre's no noise about it. So I mean that's a good sign. And given that that appears to be going so well, you've got a $5 billion target over your five year plan. Could you get more aggressive on acquisitions? I mean, some of your peers are talking about that kind of number almost on an annual basis, or doing that almost on an annual basis. I mean is ttheyre opportunity to get more aggressive and even larger than what you're targeting at tthey moment? David Hult Yeah, it's a great question, John, I'll touch on Park Place real quick. Tthey largest acquisition Asbury's theirtory from a dollar standpoint, but from a meaning standpoint and really setting us up for who we want to be. I mean we look at Park Place as tthey crown jewel in tthey automotive industry. Tthey professionals that we have ttheyre, tthey general managers, tthey senior team that runs tthey business ttheyre is everything we thought it was and more, but it takes a lot of communication and care to make sure things go smoothly, and we're looking at tthey long-term relationships and run. So very, very excited what we're seeing ttheyre and it kind of shows in our total numbers compared to tthey same-store. So that'll continue to progress and tthey relationship is great and acquisition transition is going great at ttheir point. As it relates to acquisitions, in tthey time that I've been with tthey company, we've never had more conversations going on than what we have now. Everyone one month, ttheyir price is based off COVID numbers. I don't think that that's in tthey shareholders' best interest to buy every acquisition based on COVID numbers and ttheyre has to be some discipline and common sense of tthey numbers. So while we feel tthey need to want to acquire things right now, we're not going to go outside our structure because it's about tthey long game and doing tthey right thing with tthey shareholders' equity. So we'll stay disciplined. We know deals will come our way. We like a lot of tthey conversations that we're in now. Ttheyre aren't any deals being announced that we haven't looked at, but we're really not just into acquiring revenue. We really want to make sure it's revenue that is meaningful for tthey company for five, ten years from now. And we're not just buying at a moment in time wtheyn tthey earnings and multiples are very high. John Murphy Okay. And ttheyn tthey last question that all kind of weave togettheyr with that, I mean quickly you gave us some metrics which were theylpful. But very curious what kind of geographic reach or extension in your reach that is giving you if you can tell us sort of early days and even with that, what kind of market share gains you may be seeing in your existing markets because of tthey ease of transaction for tthey consumer. David Hult Sure. It's a great question. And keep in mind, every store in tthey company has it, but some stores were rolled out in tthey last week of tthey quarter. We're seeing tthey luxury customers really take advantage of tthey tool. We're seeing tthey import customers really take advantage of tthey tool, seeing it a little bit on tthey domestic side, but I think we're really hurting with inventory on tthey domestic side which is making it difficult, you can't purchase what you don't have. With push start, we were seeing 70%, 80% used, and 20%, 30% new. It's about a 60/4o split used to new right now. And we're certainly obviously acquiring a lot of customers with sales transactions that we never did business with before. We're shipping a lot of vehicles. But I think that is somewhat normal as well right now with low day supply and people really looking for ttheyir vehicles. I think tthey key metrics to really focus on, it's not a lead generation to transactional tool. Most people's tools are seeing a lot of subprime and are struggling to get tthey financing. Our average credit score so far in Clicklane is higtheyr than tthey store average. Nine out of ten people are getting financed. Double tthey cash being put down on a Clicklane consumer compared to in-store. Ttheyse are very strong metric that says strong creditworthy people are buying ttheyse cars online, trading vehicles with pay-offs and taking delivery of ttheym at home. And I can't emphasize enough, it's just started. So ttheir is only going to build incrementally over time. And we believe we're tthey first in ttheir space to have a full transactional tool, not a lead generation, not a piece of tthey sale, a full transactional tool, which puts us in tthey driver's seat for really growing tthey tool. And like I said, we launctheyd Dallas store at tthey end of tthey quarter, we've already launctheyd Parts and Accessories on it now as well. So we're going to continue to innovate with ttheir tool and we're going to get better each and every month. And we'll certainly continue every quarter to share tthey information what we're seeing. But it's very, very promising. John Murphy And sorry, David, if I can follow-up on that. So if we think about Clicklane and your acquisition strategy, I mean you could argue that ttheir digital overlay means that you might not need to make as any acquisitions and you have a much farttheyr reach so you can gain market share that way, or conversely some are arguing that you need to build a greater national network to really leverage tthey digital overlay. Which way do you think it is [inaudible]. How do you approach tthey marriage of tthey two? David Hult Hey, John, it's an excellent question, and look ttheyre is more than one way to climb a mountain, but from our perspective is brick and mortar is permanent and it's expensive. And if tthey transaction happens online, ttheyn it's really just a supply chain delivery. I've used ttheir example before so I used it again. As we sit theyre today, we currently don't have any stores in Phoenix. If we chose to put a ring around tthey city of Phoenix with 5.5 million population and start marketing Clicklane, no differently than Carvana we could start doing transactions within that marketplace, which would create much higtheyr SG&A numbers than what we're currently doing without that brick and mortar. So we will continue to build out our markets, but because of tthey tool that we have and our ability to move vehicles around, we absolutely do not believe we have to be in every market to do business in each segment of tthey country. John Murphy Okay. That's incredibly theylpful, thank you very much. David Hult Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Sigdahl with tthey Craig Hallum Capital Group. Ryan Sigdahl Good morning, guys, thanks for taking my questions. David Hult Good morning. Ryan Sigdahl Just one quick follow-up on Clicklane. So looking at tthey Clicklane website, also looking at Asbury website, seems very similar between tthey two. Curious if you plan to run kind of side by side websites ttheyre or if you plan to consolidate those at any point in tthey future. David Hult Sure, Ryan. As a reminder, with tthey franctheire stores, all tthey OEMs require us to use certain vendors for our websites. So we certainly have to stick to those policies. Clicklane will continue to grow, and depending upon wtheyttheyr we have franctheire stores in that market or not, it will grow in different ways. Wtheyn I talked about tthey [inaudible launch in tthey parts and accessory piece, because we didn't want it to be a distraction during tthey purchase of tthey vehicle and people accessorizing tthey car, we actually put it in tthey back end of Clicklane. So after tthey consumer purchases tthey vehicle and we PDF ttheym ttheyir DocuSign documents, ttheyy have access to tthey back end of tthey tool for service and parts and collision. That's wtheyre ttheyy have tthey ability to accessorize it as well. So we have a roadmap. We're not done innovating ttheir tool. And we have a long ways to go from wtheyre we see it. But being tthey first with tthey lending marketplace and a full transactional tool and tthey only one out ttheyre in tthey market right now being able to do pay-offs, we think we are at a competitive advantage and now we just need to scale our product and get tthey word out ttheyre to consumers tthey ease it is of doing business with us. Ryan Sigdahl Great. And ttheyn you mentioned tthey used versus new mix, it is higtheyr on tthey used side on Clicklane. Do you think that's purely a function of inventory availability right now or do you think over time used will stay stronger online as far as tthey mix goes? David Hult Yeah. It's an excellent question. It's hard to say. I mean, we were close to 80% with Push Start and 60-40 to us is very promising. We're selling $100,000 Land Rovers on tthey tool new, and we're selling pre-owned that way as well. It's kind of hard to judge wtheyn your inventories are still low wtheyttheyr someone would transact that way or not. We believe no differently than technology in any ottheyr space, as tthey consumers become more comfortable and tthey tool to actually get out ttheyre more often, we believe that ttheyse numbers are going to double every year as far as used, because tthey convenience factor and transparency is second to none, and it's what tthey space has been craving for for years. And seeing ttheyir F&I results, to be 17% higtheyr per vehicle on Clicklane compared to tthey actual stores is extremely promising. Ryan Sigdahl Last one for me, you mentioned you quantified tthey EPS impact from weattheyr in Texas and closures ttheyre, is ttheyre a way you can quantify what tthey impact was to same-store sales? PJ. Guido Yeah, sure. Ryan, ttheir is PJ. We estimated tthey total impact to growth split evenly between sales and service at roughly $5 million of gross profit impact. Tthey stores -- our stores in Texas, our Park Place in McDavid Dealer Groups were closed for nearly a full week. And our Plaza Group, our group in Indiana and our Crown Group were also closed for a full day. So again, we estimate tthey total impact of that on gross profit at $5 million. In addition to that, we also had roughly $1 million worth of damage to two of our stores in Texas, our Lexus [indeciptheyrable] Plano stores. So we incurred tthey expense associated with that. And ttheyn lastly, we did a guarantee pay for all our associates in those markets for tthey time that tthey stores were closed. So that was it approximately an additional $800,000 of compensation expense. Ryan Sigdahl Great, thanks guys, good luck. David Hult Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Jonas with Morgan Stanley. Adam Jonas Hey everybody. Thanks so much for your -- those KPIs around Clicklane, that's really great. I wanted to hone in on one wtheyre you said over -- I think you said over 50% preferred or chose home delivery. Is that correct? Is that you said? David Hult Yes, correct. Adam Jonas Okay. Can you tell us how many units that was in tthey quarter? David Hult Yeah, Adam, we're not disclosing that at ttheir point because again, [indeciptheyrable] doing 90 stores that came went off tthey road, but I can tell you it -- as we sit theyre, tthey number is growing every week. Adam Jonas So, wtheyn are we going to start seeing that stuff because -- and tthey KPIs were great, I'm looking for tthey slide in your deck and of course, ttheyre is no slide with all tthey stuff, and it's important that tthey KPIs are consistent. So obviously we can do tthey whole dog and pony thing and ctheyck tthey transcripts and talk with you after, but it is nice if it's on tthey deck. Just some feedback, wtheyn are we going to start seeing more formal unit volume that we can track so we can start tracking digital comps sequentially and ttheyn eventually year-on-year? David Hult Yeah. I appreciate your passion in wanting to see tthey numbers. As I said we were launctheyd in stores tthey last quarter -- or tthey last week of tthey quarter. So I don't think it's too much to say, well, let's get a full quarter under our belt and we'll be talking about it every quarter. So certainly [indiscernible] by, we'll be happy to share that information. Adam Jonas Thanks, David. Last one from me. Auto companies are starting to explore going direct to consumer with insurance. And ttheyn yeah, insurance has been -- and even legacy guys are starting to do that. GM using partners with OnStar, Tesla, going ttheymselves with partners but ttheyn eventually ttheymselves. I'm wondering if -- what you think of that. Do you think ttheir is -- does that make sense of that part of wtheyre you see that digital expression of auto retailing, and if OEMs start to do more kind of cutting out tthey third-party kind of parasitic insurance folks -- and I'm not saying that mainly because of tthey cars become tthey actuary and tthey agent and just makes sense to do that. How do you see that affecting your role on tthey eye part of F&I. Thanks. David Hult So I think it's an excellent question and I don't want -- really want to talk too much about things we're working on in innovation, but I mean for 35, 40 years within dealership people refer insurance business to ottheyr locations. It's natural to assume that ttheir would be logical down tthey road to have it be one-stop shopping and everything available at one location. But I really don't want to get into any details at ttheir point, but it's an excellent point. It's only logical that it's altogettheyr. Adam Jonas Alright. Well, that answers part of tthey question. Thanks, David. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Rajat Gupta Good morning, thanks for taking tthey question. I just had a question on tthey used vehicle unit growth. You talked about tthey overall $5 million gross profit impact overall for tthey company. I mean suggest something like two to three points of unit growth impact, am I close on that? And ttheyn just relatedly obviously pretty strong numbers year-over-year and on a two year basis, but still seems to be lagging, some of tthey peers that have reported recently. Are you satisfied with tthey performance ttheyre? Do you think ttheyre is more you could do in terms of sourcing or tthey mix of tthey vehicles that you're selling to grow that business even faster, and I had a follow-up. Thanks. David Hult Yeah. It's an excellent question. No, we're not satisfied and it's more than fair to say we're not performing at tthey level we should with pre-owned. It's hard to quantify, PJ talked about some of tthey markets that were close but we literally had 40% of our stores closed. And while ttheyy were physically closed for a week, you know tthey hyper storms ttheyy closed down before and closed down after. So I would think it's probably fair to say looking at all tthey stores tthey markets that were closed for some periods of time and tthey effect on business, it had to be somewtheyre in tthey 4% to 6% range in volume, but it's really hard to quantify, it's really just a guess at that point. But to answer your question simplistically, we're not performing at tthey level we need to with pre-owned. We think in every ottheyr category, we're more than holding our own, and ttheir is an area of opportunity for us, we need to get going. Rajat Gupta Got it. That's really theylpful. And just a follow-up on tthey M&A -- tthey M&A environment. We talked about like unreasonable earnings and probably not appropriate multiple right now in tthey market. I mean, and ttheyre is -- it looks like ttheyse gross margin tailwinds could probably last for anottheyr year or maybe, you know, like mid 2022 or later 2022. So wtheyn do you make tthey decision to start deploying that capital finally, because it's already been six months since you announced tthey plan. You know, it will be 18 months a year from now and earnings might still look elevated. So, I mean would you continue to sit on tthey cash on tthey balance ttheyyet or -- just trying to understand like how that capital might be deployed now and ttheyn. And ttheyn wtheyn would be tthey right time to finally make that decision to work toward your five year plan? Thanks. Yeah. PJ. Guido Hey, Rajat, it's PJ. So I'll start and ttheyn maybe hand it off to David. But it's actually been three months since we announced tthey plan in December. And as we've said before, we're very disciplined in our approach to acquisitions. We do -- we look -- wtheyn we evaluate an opportunity, we're looking at EBITDA multiples and ttheyn factoring in tthey synergies we think we can achieve, and ttheyn we look at tthey IRR relative to our cost of capital. And we need to see a margin ttheyre to deliver an accretive deal. So we are evaluating deals, it's on a deal by deal basis. And so we'll continue to fill tthey pipeline but we're only going to look at or execute on those deals that make tthey most sense for Asbury. David Hult And I'll just follow-up on that and talk about tthey two points. Wtheyn you look at 2020, prior to 2020, a dealer was making $5 million annually. And ttheyn in COVID ttheyy started making $10 million and ttheyy want to work off to $10 million and ttheyy want a multiple that's higtheyr than what tthey brand has ever run. That makes it difficult. While I agree with you tthey way margins and ttheir space is going to be for tthey next year, and again it's one person's opinion, ttheir isn't a forward-looking statement. But you have to think about '23 and '24, tthey amount of EVs that are going to be on tthey market, wtheyre tthey infrastructure is going to be for that in tthey country at that time, and wtheyre is supply and demand going to mix. So I don't think you can get caught up in tthey hype of just buying at tthey moment in time and you have to look out a few years to really see what tthey value and trend is going to be. And as what we talked about wtheyn we launctheyd tthey five year plan, which is no doubt we'll hit it, that $5 billion doesn't all have to come in one year that -- it doesn't have to be $1 billion a year. We have to be disciplined. We've been doing ttheir a long time, I've been in automotive for 35 years. Ttheyre is always highs and lows. We're talking to more acquisitions today than we ever have since I've been employed theyre. So I think things will happen, but I think we should be judged in tthey long run by tthey acquisitions that we did and how accretive ttheyy were for tthey company, instead of just having nervous energy [Phonetic] buying revenue and ttheyn may be struggling with performance over time. Rajat Gupta Got it, got it. That's really theylpful. One last one, just following up on Clicklane. And I know you don't want to give out like tthey unit numbers, but had it not been for Clicklane, would you have grown slower than what you did in tthey first quarter. I'm just curious if it contributed to incremental volumes and not just replacing one for one. Thanks. David Hult No, it's an excellent question. And I can't stress ttheir enough, we only had a few pilot stores on it in December, so we essentially -- and no ottheyr public group really has ttheir full transactional tool nor that ttheyy have it in all ttheyir stores, we rolled out 86 stores in two and a half months. So tthey numbers are, you know what I mean, that week over week you're adding so many stores. Ttheyre is a lot of incremental sales that we would not have received, and I made that comment, because looking at tthey information we weren't doing business with ttheym before. But wtheyn you're adding 40 stores in tthey last three weeks of tthey quarter, it's just not a material number. I can tell you every single week tthey number grows and tthey transactions are growing on tthey tool. And we haven't hit our stride with marketing, wtheyre -- we really just start marketing now. We really want to protect tthey tool, make sure everything was rolled out properly, and it was efficiently working. And I know it sounds crazy to roll it out, it's just plug and play software. But wtheyn you think about all tthey different counties and different tax codes and making sure that it's perfect and everything is working correctly, ttheyre's a little bit of discipline in time to make sure it's right. You just don't want to invite people to tthey tool and not have it be a great experience. And what we quoted last time with tthey pilot stores is still holding true. It's a 14 minute transaction if ttheyre's a pay-off and ttheyre is financing needed in [indeciptheyrable] paying cash it's 8 minutes. It's hard to beat that kind of time. And it's very encouraging for us from our perspective. And I'm not saying it won't change over time, but it's information we're sharing as it's coming, 50% of tthey people are taking delivery at home. That didn't happen in tthey theyat of COVID with push start. So we're very excited about what we're seeing. We're also seeing a higtheyr credit score with Clicklane compared to push start. So it's very, very encouraging. And I promise we'll talk about it in great detail every quarter, but it's not just tthey unit sales, it's tthey type of person that's using tthey tool and transacting on it that is most encouraging to us. Rajat Gupta Got it, got it. Makes sense. Thanks for all tthey color, and good luck. David Hult Absolutely. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Richard Benjamin with Truist. Richard Benjamin Hi, good morning. David Hult Good morning. Richard Benjamin Just we really appreciate all tthey additional color that you've given on Clicklane. But question -- I understand that it was a pretty, pretty large task to roll ttheir out to all of tthey -- your stores ttheir quarter. So how should we think about any kind of incremental advertising or investments as we move through tthey year? Is -- should ttheyre -- should we expect a step up as you kind of look to get tthey name out ttheyre a little bit more in some of your markets. Is that something we should just kind of expect not only in store but maybe also on a local level just so customers know what ttheyir options are. David Hult Yes, Richard, it's a great question. Yes, we've allocated several million dollars between now and tthey end of tthey year and we spread tthey dollars by market depending upon unit sales and traffic counts and density of population. Now tthey numbers may change but what our plan is depending upon what happens with inventories, it's too hard to predict sitting theyre today what things are going to look like in July and August from an inventory standpoint. But our intent is to get that out ttheyre. We think we have some interesting marketing things coming out that will theylp us. And again, we're sitting theyre tthey third week in April, or tthey fourth week I should say, and we're talking about first quarter data. I can't stress that enough, it's incrementally growing every week. So we're very excited to talk about it in tthey future as it comes. We're hoping that tthey marketing really sticks and it's noteworthy. And I can't stress ttheir enough, ttheir is different than a lot of tthey ottheyr transaction -- or a lot of tthey ottheyr tools that are out ttheyre in tthey market right now. Ttheir was built on a chat platform. And what that means is tthey ability to walk people through tthey tool if ttheyy're getting stuck or if ttheyre is an issue at a moment in time. And ttheyre is also tthey ability wtheyn ttheyy leave tthey tool to send ttheym a link to start right back wtheyre ttheyy were so ttheyre is no starting over. So it's not just tthey incremental sale or tthey conquest sale wtheyn ttheyy go through tthey whole tool, but it's also tthey follow up and recovering tthey sale and bringing ttheym back. And we're very hyper-focused on tracking all tthey KPI. And as we accumulate more, we'll certainly share that as well. Richard Benjamin Absolutely. And ttheyn just to follow up on that. Wtheyn you speak to tthey incremental advertising, is that going to be just in your existing markets or will you also look to maybe you mentioned Phoenix as an example kind of entering a new market as well with some of ttheyse investments or advertising investments. David Hult Sure, Richard, I'll say ttheir. Our intent soon will be to test ttheir product in markets we don't do business in. I really don't want to start talking about specifics, but it will be in short time that we experiment in markets wtheyre we don't currently do business. That is tthey fact. Richard Benjamin Got it. And ttheyn lastly for me, just on acquisitions, you've mentioned that -- and it's pretty apparent that it's a pretty active market right now. So I'm just curious if you're -- if what you're targeting I think in tthey past, looking to expand a little bit more on luxury, so maybe in terms of brand concentration or geography. Has that changed at all just those new opportunities. May we have come up as of late. I mean, really you couldn't really consider in your past just trying to to kind of gauge as you're looking at tthey M&A environment what's most appealing at ttheir stage? David Hult No, it's a great question, Richard. Again, 35 years of doing ttheir. Brand strengths come and go. Certain luxury brands are hotter than theyck and years later ttheyy slow down and I think it's really about having a balanced portfolio. After doing tthey Park Place deal we had a lot of conversations wtheyre dealers in ottheyr parts of tthey country wanted same multiple that we paid Park Place. And I'll just pick a brand just for a conversation. If you have one luxury brand, tthey multiple is different, even though it's tthey same brand, wtheyttheyr you're talking, Massachusetts, California, Michigan or Texas or Florida, because tthey franctheire laws are different within each individual state, seasonality of tthey business, density of population, business friendly state or not. So we really spend a lot of time looking at each individual acquisition and wtheyre it sits within tthey market and do we think that ttheir is a proper return for us. I mean, I've just recently had ttheir conversation with someone else asking why we wouldn't offer ttheym tthey same as what we paid for Park Place and I just simplistically said it's not Texas. I mean, it's a different market with different franctheire laws. If one state has a franctheire law no franctheire within 15 miles, in anottheyr state it's five miles, I don't know how you don't factor that in wtheyn you're looking at tthey pricing. Richard Benjamin Absolutely. That's really theylpful. Well, I appreciate all tthey additional color today. David Hult Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Bret Jordan Good morning, ttheir is Mark Jordan on for Bret. Well, a lot of good questions have already been asked, but I guess I have two quick questions and you may have touctheyd on ttheym both already, but thinking about tthey parts and service segment and in particular our customer pay. Can you talk about how it trended throughout tthey quarter and many if trends have continued to accelerate through April kind of what you're seeing ttheyre. David Hult Sure. I would call January pretty promising and stable. It wasn't quite pre-COVID numbers, but it was continuing to come back and I would call it close to being flat. Just because tthey way February played out, it really varied by market because of weattheyr, but I'll call February a step back, but I think it was more to do to weattheyr than anything else and March was just tthey full acceleration forward, and all tthey numbers, specifically around customer pay, were atheyad of pre-COVID numbers going back to '19. We're seeing that same result as we sit theyre in April, and we anticipate that for tthey rest of tthey year. We think ttheyre's a lot of pent-up demand. Now, if something happens in tthey fall, tthey virus comes back, I mean I can't obviously comment on that. I'm just saying, as I said in my comments earlier, people are back on tthey road, tthey collision business is back, tthey customer pay business is back. Warranty being down, I don't look at that is anything. It is what it is, you can't do warranty work if it's not needed. So that's just a reactionary thing. Bret Jordan Okay, great. And ttheyn it seems like competition for sourcing attractive used vehicles is very high right now, and thinking trade-ins might be down in terms of unit volume. Are you having to shift more to purchasing vehicles directly from customers, and if so, kind of how competitive would you say that channel is right now given May competitors might be increasing sourcing from tthey same channel? David Hult It's an excellent question. We're taking in less trades because we're selling -- we're not selling tthey cars we should be selling based upon tthey demand right now. But we're still from a percentage standpoint, we're still taking in tthey amount of trades we always did prior, it's just different volume levels. We are having to seek ottheyr avenues and some of those avenues have dried up. Ttheyre's a lot of -- it's kind of like tthey residential real estate market. I mean ttheyre is an awful lot of buyers out ttheyre and ttheyre's not a lot of sellers out ttheyre. So it's a little bit more difficult getting inventory. People are certainly paying up for that, you see it at tthey auctions and you certainly see it in tthey Mantheyim data that comes out. We don't think that that's going to change anytime soon, especially with what's going on with tthey new car inventory. I don't know if Dan want to comment or add to that Dan or? Dan Clara No, I think you covered it well, David. Bret Jordan Okay, great, thank you very much for taking my questions. David Hult Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our last question theyre is David Wtheirton with Morningstar. David Wtheirton Thanks, good morning. Do you guys -- I guess how bad did you guys want higtheyr inventory or -- at tthey risk of giving up some of your pricing power you are now enjoying? Do you want a lot more, a little more, or can it stay wtheyre it is even? David Hult Yeah, David, we're smiling over theyre, and listen, because it's such a fair and greedy question to ask. Yeah, that's a great question. Tthey problem is, look at -- it's all -- everyone looks great, everyone is reporting good numbers, everyone is showing high margins. We didn't all of a sudden get that much better, it's simplistically supply and demand. Ttheyre is that point wtheyre you're missing a lot of sales because you just don't have tthey inventory. Domestic truck for us was brutal in tthey quarter. We were really down in trucks. I mean, we didn't have tthey inventory to sell, so we wanted a lot more than what we had. I would tell you tthey industry performs well and stability exist wtheyn ttheyre's probably a 60 to 70 days supply in tthey market. And right now with all tthey government spending that's going on and people coming out, tthey demand is going to be high right now, and tthey fear is tthey inventory won't be ttheyre to match tthey demand. David Wtheirton Okay. And what happens now wtheyn tthey customers coming in really set [Phonetic] on buying a new -- a particular new vehicle, you have to tell ttheym you don't have it due to inventory. Does that customer intent on buying anottheyr new vehicle, buying a used vehicle, or just [inaudible] Dan Clara Hi, good morning, David. Ttheir is Dan. So in a lot of cases we have really become even more efficient on taking a pre-order for a lack of a better term. So perhaps tthey car that is an income in unit, that is actually being built or already on tthey transportation. In a lot of cases we're seeing a lot of cars that are being delivered by tthey trucking company and ttheyy're going in for our pre-delivery inspection, getting detailed and coming right out for delivery. So I can tell -- and in a lot of cases wtheyre we just don't have that availability of that particular model, customers are a little bit more flexible on maybe giving of a particular package or maybe taking additional package that ttheyy were not considered at tthey beginning. David Wtheirton Okay. And shifting over to tthey rise of Tesla in particular ttheyir model Y. I'm just curious is that hurting your Toyota Honda or your premium brand stores at all, and do you have any customers, especially at tthey Park Place Group wanting to pay in Bitcoin? David Hult No, to answer all your questions, no, not yet, not at ttheir point, no. Haven't had tthey consumers come to us with a Bitcoin request yet, and haven't really felt a strong competitive point from Tesla. I think a lot of ttheyir sales come from California and certainly ottheyr parts of tthey country, but it's not a real dominant player in tthey markets we currently transact in. David Wtheirton Okay. I appreciate tthey detail. That's theylpful. And just for PJ or Scott, just real quick. Tthey three special items, wtheyre were ttheyy booked for GAAP? Dan Clara Ttheyy're booked in ottheyr income, David. David Wtheirton Okay, all right, thanks guys. David Hult Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Ttheir concludes today's discussion. We appreciate your participation and we look forward to speaking with you all in tthey next quarter. Have a great day.