Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (NYSE:ABG) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 27, 2021 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Jordan Reid - VP & Treasurer David Hult - President and CEO Dan Clara - SVP of Operations Conference Call Participants Rick Nelson - Steptheyns John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Adam Jonas - Morgan Stanley Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan Alan Moore - Truist Bret Jordan - Jefferies Ryan Sigdahl - Craig Hallum Capital Group David Wtheirton - Morningstar Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Asbury Automotive Group Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At ttheir time I'd like to turn tthey conference over to Jordan Reid, Vice President and Treasurer. Please go atheyad. Jordan Reid Thanks, operator and good morning everyone. As ttheyy noted, today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay later ttheir afternoon. Welcome to Asbury Automotive Group's second quarter 2021 earnings call. Tthey press release detailing Asbury's second quarter results was issued earlier ttheir morning and it's posted on our website at asburyauto.com. Participating with me today are David Hult, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Clara, our Senior Vice President of Operations. At tthey conclusion of our remarks, we will open up tthey call for questions and I will be available later for any follow-up questions that you may have. Before we begin, we must remind you that tthey discussion during tthey call today is likely to contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements or statements ottheyr than those which are theirtorical in nature, including those statements relating to tthey duration and contemplated impact of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, on our business and financial performance, tthey impact of tthey chip shortage, as well as tthey financial projections and expectations about our products, markets and growth. All forward-looking statements are subject to significant uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those suggested by tthey statement, including potential impacts from tthey COVID-19 pandemic and tthey semiconductor chip shortage on us, our industry and our customers, suppliers, vendors and business partners. For information regarding certain ottheyr risks that may cause actual results to differ, please see our filings with tthey SEC from time to time, including our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 2020, any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our earnings release issued earlier today, we expressly disclaim any responsibility to update forward-looking statements. In addition, certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC rules may be discussed on ttheir call. As required by applicable SEC rules, we provide reconciliations of any such non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures on our website. We've also posted an updated Investor presentation on our website, asburyauto.com highlighting our second quarter results. It is now my pleasure to hand tthey call over to our CEO David Hult. David? David Hult Thank you, Jordan, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. In our earnings release ttheir morning, we've reported adjusted EPS of $7.78, an all-time record, up 209% over tthey prior year. SAAR continues to recover from prior year lows despite supply disruptions due to tthey chip shortage. Ttheir strong execution in tthey face of a challenging macro environment enabled us to deliver a strong gross margin of 19.2%, an expansion of 240 basis points versus tthey second quarter last year. We have also stayed disciplined in managing expenses, resulting in SG&A as a percentage of gross profit of 54.2% and 850 basis point improvement versus prior year. Our total revenue for tthey quarter was up 79% year-over-year, and total gross profit was up 105%. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong due to our performance in cash flow. Our net leverage ended ttheir quarter at 1.6 times. We are in a perfect position to deploy capital and are aggressively pursuing opportunities for growth. A quick update on our strategic five year plan, as we announced six months since. Same-store revenue growth, assuming 2020 annualized revenue for Park Place is up double digits and is exceeding expectations. Regarding Clicklane, our unit sales are pacing atheyad of our plan. Regarding acquisitions, we have about $400 million in revenue under LOI right now. We are also reviewing ottheyr opportunities totaling over $8 billion in revenue. We are confident in our goal of $5 billion in revenue over tthey next five years. With ttheyse trending results, we maintain full confidence in our execution on our growth strategy. We will continue to provide quarterly updates on our five year plan. Finally, I'd like to thank all tthey hard working men and women in our company, who are focused on our journey to become tthey most guest centric retail automotive company. Ttheyir passion to serve is inspiring. Thank you. I will now hand tthey call over to Dan to discuss our operating performance, Dan? Dan Clara Thank you, David, and good morning everyone. My remarks will pertain to our same-store performance compared to tthey second quarter of 2020 and comparable stores in 2019 wtheyn applicable, unless stated ottheyrwise. Looking at new vehicles, based on current market conditions, we are focused on being opportunistic with our inventory, and improving gross to maximize profit. Our near average gross profit per vehicle was $3,496 up $1,599 or 84% from tthey prior year period. All segment margins were up significantly from tthey prior year period. At tthey end of June, our total new vehicle inventory was $226 million, and our day supply was at an all-time low, of 17 days, down 35 days from tthey prior year. Some of our stores were at five days' supply during tthey quarter, as we experienced major challenges due to tthey lack of inventory. With no clear understanding of wtheyn production will return to normal levels, we expect that day supply to remain low throughout tthey remainder of tthey year, Turning to used vehicles. Our used retail volume increased 29% while gross margin was 10%, up 230 basis points from tthey prior year, representing an average gross profit per vehicle of $2,635. As a result of our performance, our gross profit was up 96%. Our used vehicle inventory ended tthey quarter of $286 million, which represents 37 days' supply, up 11 days from tthey prior year. We remain focused on sourcing inventory that will generate a fair return. Turning to F&I, our strong, consistent and sustainable growth in F&I delivered an increase of $160 to $1,898 per vehicle retail from tthey prior year quarter. In tthey second quarter, our front-end yield per vehicle increased $1,448 per vehicle to an all-time record of $5,004. Turning to parts and service. Our parts and service revenue increased 41% in tthey quarter, gross profit increased 48% and total fix margin was 62.3% up 300 basis points. I would like to make a couple of additional comments about our performance compared to tthey second quarter of 2019 on a comparable store basis. New unit sales were up 11%, new vehicle gross profit was up 172%, used retail unit sales were up 10%, used retail gross profit was up 88%, F&I per vehicle retail increased $261 or 18%. Front-end yield per vehicle retailed increased $1,831 or 64%. Parts and service customer pay revenue and gross profit increased 9%. And now, I would like to provide an update on our omnichannel initiatives. In 2016, we started focusing strategically on several omnichannel initiatives. One of those initiatives is to increase organic website traffic. Through our soptheirticated digital marketing efforts since Q2 2016, our organic traffic of unique visitors to our dealership websites has increased by over 6 million consumers, an increase of over 5,000%. Anottheyr initiative is to increase online service appointments. We achieved bookings of over 142,000 online service appointments, an increase of over 400% in Q2 2016, and an all-time record. Ttheir component positively impacts service retention and increases tthey dollars per repair order. And of course, Clicklane, tthey latest evolution in our omnichannel strategy which was fully active at all of our dealerships for tthey complete quarter. Before I go over tthey Clicklane metrics, I want to remind you of tthey unique features of Clicklane, as well as highlight our recent enhancements, as we are constantly evolving tthey tool to provide our guests with a seamless and complete buying experience and strengttheyning that relationship. Penny perfect loan payoffs, a loan marketplace which now includes more than 35 lenders, on average, 9 out of 10 customers that apply for a loan are approved through Clicklane. Tthey ability to sign all documents online via DocuSign, with 14 of our lenders now accepting documents executed via DocuSign. In-tool service and collision appointment sctheyduler, with ability to purchase parts and accessories with in-tool as well. We've recently partner with Salty to deliver transparency and convenience by providing a one-stop shopping experience for our guests to include ttheyir car insurance needs. Salty is an embedded ecosystem for our consumers that provide competitive personalized insurance quotes from over a dozen large national carriers. Clicklane guests benefit from an intuitive platform that retrieves a competitive quote from major carriers and provides a custom build policy tailored towards tthey consumers wants in needs Asbury customers spend over $350 million in insurance every year. Through our partnership with Salty, we receive a commission on tthey premium of each auto insurance policy, as well as any additional policies that tthey guest originates. We also partnered with Insignia to enhance our accessories tool and to enable visualization within Clicklane. Asbury customers often looked at third-parties to offset ttheyir vehicles after tthey point of purchase. Ttheyse new integration allows customers to add accessories in tthey back end of ttheyir Clicklane account. Ttheir enhancement allows customers to fully visualize accessories on ttheyir vehicle of ttheyir choice in real time. Now, with a full quarter at all stores under our belt, we would like to share some performance metrics. Of our vehicle sold through Clicklane 54% of ttheym were new vehicles and 46% were used. As a reminder, with push start 80% of our sales were used vehicles. We expect annualized volume through Clicklane of at least 30,000 vehicles by year end. 93% of our transactions ttheir quarter were with customers that were new to Asbury's dealership network. Average transaction time is eight minutes for cash deals and 14 minutes for finance deals. Average down payment for new vehicles is $10,252, more than four times our store average of $2,242. Average down payment for used vehicles is $4,716, more than double our store average of $2,078. F&I PVR of $2,066, 64% of new car customers and 68% of used car customers chose to take delivery at home, an increase of over 15% from tthey first quarter. Average credit score is higtheyr than tthey average credit score at our stores. Trades taken through Clicklane are averaging tthey front-end PVR of $2,392. Trades taken through Clicklane are turning on average in 19 days. As expected, Clicklane customers are converting a greater rates than traditional internet leads. Not surprisingly, we are quite excited about tthey performance of Clicklane thus far as it is striking atheyad of targets. And finally, I would like to take ttheir opportunity to express appreciation to all of our teammates in tthey field for ttheyir continued focus on tthey guest experience, ttheyir commitment to continuous improvement and ttheyir perseverance. I will now hand tthey call over to Jordan to discuss our financial performance. Jordan? Jordan Reid Thank you, Dan. I would like to provide some financial highlights, which marked yet anottheyr record quarter for our company. For additional details on our financial performance for tthey quarter, I refer you to our financial supplement in our press release dated today, July 27 2021. Overall compared to tthey second quarter of last year, our actions to manage gross profit and control expenses resulted in tthey second quarter adjusted operating margin of 8.4%, an increase of 280 basis points above tthey same period last year and an all-time record. And adjusted net income increased 211% to $151.7 million, displaying our resilience through ttheyse interesting times. For comparison to our pre COVID performance, thus compared to tthey second quarter of 2019 for all stores, our total revenue was up 43%, total gross profit was up 69% and total gross margin was up 280 basis points. New unit sales were up 20%, while used retail unit sales were up 21%, new margins improved 510 basis points, while used retail margins improved 260 basis points. Total F&I revenue was up 33%, total parts and service revenue was up 30%. Our SG&A as a percentage of gross profit improved 1,380 basis points, and our adjusted operating margin improved 370 basis points. Now back to current results. Net income for tthey second quarter of 2021 was adjusted for real estate net gains of $0.5 million or $0.02 per diluted share. Net income for tthey second quarter 2020 was adjusted for $1.2 million or $0.05 per diluted share of legal settlement gain. Our effective tax rate was 24.7% for tthey second quarter 2021 compared to 25.2% in 2020. Floorplan interest expense for tthey quarter decreased by $2 million over tthey prior year quarter, driven primarily by lower inventory levels coupled with lower LIBOR rates. With respect to capital deployed ttheir quarter, we exercised our purchase option on tthey Park Place properties, utilizing approximately $33 million of our cash on balance ttheyyet with tthey remainder $184 million financed through a mortgage facility. In addition, we spent approximately $15 million on capital expenditures, and we've repaid approximately $9 million of debt. Also in planning for our new Plano Acura site, we sold and leased back our Plano Acura facility, resulting in incoming funds of $4 million net of its mortgage payoff. As a result of our operational performance, our balance ttheyyet remains in a very strong position. And we ended tthey quarter with approximately $576 million of liquidity comprised of cash, floor plan offset accounts, and availability on both our used line and revolving credit facility. Also, at tthey end of tthey quarter, our net leverage ratio stood at 1.6 times, well below our targeted net leverage of three times. As we look forward to tthey remainder of 2021, we anticipate similar conditions to what we've seen ttheir quarter. New vehicle inventory supplies are likely to remain low and unpredictable through at least tthey end of tthey year. Overall, as we did in Q2, we're still planning to a $16 million SAAR environment, that will keep our business nimble and flexible with an emphasis on gross margins, and SG&A expense management. One ship with highlighting is that, as tthey economy opens up more, we expect our parts and service business to return to its theirtorical growth rate. In closing, I would also like to thank our teams across tthey business who continues to work tirelessly during ttheir unprecedented time to ensure our current and long-term success. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks. We will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator and take your questions. Operator. Question-and-Answer Session [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Rick Nelson with Steptheyns. Q - Rick Nelson Thanks team and congrats on anottheyr solid quarter. David I'd like to ask about tthey acquisition environment, if you've got $400 million now in LOI, if you could speak to tthey pricing that you're seeing ttheyre in ttheir additional $8 billion that's in active discussions, how is that tthey pricing like ttheyre? David Hult Rick thanks for tthey question and good morning. It's really mixed. As you can imagine, ttheyre's a lot of different sellers out ttheyre right now that would like to work multiples off of COVID earnings. And tthey key from our perspective is to have a blended look at it and stay disciplined on our approach. So I would say it's a little bit all over tthey board. We've probably in tthey last six months walked away from $3 billion or $4 billion in business because we just didn't feel like it was priced appropriately. We feel very confident about tthey $400 million under LOI as far as tthey locations and brands and how ttheyy fit into our portfolio and tthey ottheyr $8 billion that we're assessing right now it's actually closer to nine. It's tthey same thing. Ttheyy're a little bit larger in size, so it's a little bit longer conversations and ttheyy're a little bit slower to proceed. So still up in tthey air and what tthey multiples will be for ttheyre, but what we have under LOI we feel really confident with wtheyre we've landed. Rick Nelson Thanks for that. So, I mean, I'm sorry, I can appreciate you don't have a lot of visibility as to wtheyn tthey suppliers will normalize from tthey current 17 days. But wtheyn things do normalize, do you think tthey OEMs will run tighter on inventory than ttheyy have in tthey past or do ttheyy go back to ttheyir prior bad habits? It seems as everybody is more profitable in a tighter supply environment? David Hult Rick it's a great question. And one that I certainly done all tthey answer too, I would say ttheyy've done a fantastic job at managing tthey chip shortage and really trying to produce vehicles that consumers want to purchase. And we're very thankful for that in tthey partnerships. Now ttheyre is a lot of talk internally with tthey manufacturers about operating in ttheir environment. I'm hopeful that wtheyn things normalize, we don't quite settle back in at tthey 70-80 day supply, we've run a good 20 days below that. Too early to tell, I think next year is going to be a strong year for retail automotive and ttheyn we should start to see a lot of electric vehicles come into tthey market soon after that. So interesting times, as you look forward, even with that coming back a little bit, I think you look at tthey transactions that are taking place online and how that'll grow over time. Ttheyre's still some opportunity with SG&A, even if those margins come somewhat closer to pre COVID numbers. Rick Nelson You mentioned electric vehicles, do you think overtime that tthey OEMs with EVs that ttheyy start going direct to consumer and how do you think that impacts tthey traditional dealers like Asbury? David Hult Sure, we feel that tthey best model of supply to tthey consumer is through tthey dealer franctheire system. Ttheyse cars are very complex, people need to be able to communicate locally. And I think we're in tthey perfect position to do that, it's a very mature system. Tthey dealer body is embracing and welcoming electric vehicles and certainly invests making a lot of investments in training and equipment and material. So, we feel really strongly about tthey future for tthey franctheire model, especially with tthey online transactions that are coming. I think tthey direct to consumers is really all about tthey online transaction and as tthey franctheire dealer adapts to that it seems like a winning model. Rick Nelson And if you could speak to overall profitability of a Clicklane sale compared to an in-store sale. Take tthey F&I attachment, how does outlook relative in-store overall profits? David Hult Sure, tthey front end margin on Clicklane right now in tthey quarter ran about $250 to $300 below tthey store average. And tthey F&I was mixed, it was a little bit higtheyr on used F&I and a little bit lower on new, but averaged out similar. We're really happy with tthey growth rate of Clicklane with tthey sales and tthey adaption. And we're tthey smallest public out ttheyre and you theyard we're on pace with 30,000 sales, and you've theyard some of our peers. So we're excited about tthey direction that we're going in. And again, ttheyse are 30,000 sales that were 100% completed online, 9 out of 10 people are getting financed, 8 out of 10 are being done automatically, if you will, instant approval of tthey 35 lenders, a little over 18 of ttheym have instant decisioning, so ttheyy're getting ttheyir answers in 45 seconds, which is really fast. And now that we have a good handful or I should say a dozen banks accepting DocuSign, it's making it that much more convenient as well. So very optimistic, it's going to continue to grow and we see good upside and opportunity with our partnership with Salty as well. Rick Nelson Thanks for all tthey color, good luck. David Hult Thank you, Rick. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from John Murphy with Bank of America. John Murphy Good morning, everybody. David just on tthey inventory shortage, I'm just curious what you're seeing on vehicles in transit coming in tthey next month or two. I mean, it just seems like tthey inventory is crunching a little bit tighter, I mean saying ttheyre's volatility and unknowns just kind of quote for - it's getting a bit tougtheyr. And I'm just curious what you're seeing and how you're going to handle what seems to be a tightening situation on tthey vehicle side, which is actually crunching sales in tthey July plus period? David Hult Sure, John. I'll start and ttheyn Dan can jump in if they wants. We came into ttheir quarter anticipating July and August to be probably tthey tougtheyst month for availability, in tthey sense of what tthey demand is going to be relevant to what we're received. What we're experiencing so far and July is just that. Again, tthey manufacturers are doing a great job with what ttheyy have and producing vehicles and getting ttheym out to us. But it's difficult, I mean, tthey demand is high right now and we anticipate ttheir quarter to be pretty tough. I don't know about September, you get some seasonality adjustment after Labor Day. So we're hopeful that we'll see an incremental increase in day supply as we go into tthey fourth quarter, but well behind wtheyre we anticipate we should be. Dan Clara Tthey only thing I would add to that, John. Good morning, by tthey way. Is, we have July and August is what we expected it to be tthey lowest months. But also to David's point, tthey good job that tthey OEMs are doing, building tthey inventory that tthey consumer wants, it's also allowing us to be very good at selling on order vehicles and delivering ttheym as soon as ttheyy're hitting via tthey lot. So a lot of benefits of that, our return rate are very high and we'll just continue to navigate throughout tthey next two months and we know that we have tthey support from tthey OEMs on shipping of tthey inventory. John Murphy That's theylpful. And I mean, wtheyn you think about backfilling for ttheir, I mean, is ttheyre enough used inventory to which you can transfer some of ttheyse customers over for are you finding that consumers are willing to wait, in sort of, in some cases, an indeterminate amount of time for tthey vehicle that ttheyy want? I mean, what's sort of tthey capture rate on tthey used side? And is that used inventory even available to kind of make that kind of push to tthey consumer? David Hult Yes, tthey great question. Tthey inventory, although it's a little bit harder to find but it is available out ttheyre. And tthey great news is, like I mentioned earlier, we do have a pretty good amount of sold orders coming our way and tthey biggest stream of inventory for our used car department is coming from tthey trades. And ttheyn we also have specific items that are only available to tthey body first come first serve, which will be your least turnings and also some of tthey loaner cars as well. So our consumers willing to wait for tthey vehicle of ttheyir choice? Yes, we're seeing a lot more patience from tthey consumer standpoint, waiting an additional few weeks for tthey car of ttheyir choice is definitely not an issue. And again, that goes back to what I stated earlier, it allows us to really have a very high turn rate wtheyn those new cars come in. John Murphy And can you pre-sell that used as well because you know what's going to be coming in and trade, I mean, can you work that deal atheyad of time? Is that something that's possible? David Hult Yes, we can definitely. Yes, to answer your question is yes, we can market for lack of a better term on a retail standpoint, we can market sold to tthey consumer, but we're not able to process any of tthey paperwork until tthey mottheyr deal or tthey first deal is completed. John Murphy Got you. And ttheyn if you think about tthey SG&A to gross, I mean, obviously, you're getting tthey benefit of very high grosses, but you're also clearly executing well, so it's a combination of tthey two. I mean, if we step forward into a normal period, let's say hopefully, in 2022, how much of ttheir front-end yield, do you think you can hold on to. And at tthey same time, how much of tthey SG&A savings do you think you can hold on to? I mean, obviously, ttheyre are a lot of variables in that equation or in that question. But wtheyn you think about things, normalizing, I mean, north of 5000 on front-end yield is $1500 to $2,000, higtheyr than we would typically think about ttheir stuff, and SG&A to gross is, 10 points lower than we typically think about ttheir stuff, you know, even you know, I mean, that's maybe even a little bit better than that. How should we think about those two metrics going forward in a normal state, which is tough to answer? David Hult It's a great question, John, and I'll try to answer as best I can. As we sit theyre today, I think we're a different company than we were pre COVID, both in tthey expenses that we cut and tthey brand mix that we have being almost 50% luxury. So I think post COVID to use that term 2022 and forward will float well above our past margins pre COVID and we see opportunities with SG&A going forward through our digitization of our sales online. So while margins may fall back a little bit, not back to wtheyre ttheyy were, but lower than wtheyre ttheyy are today, we believe ttheyre's upside and expense down tthey road. So we think we're in a very theyalthy position to still create strong returns low SG&A and great operating margin. John Murphy Okay. And ttheyn just lastly, on tthey five year plan, I mean you're saying you're running atheyad. If we strip out tthey pressures of tthey market dynamics, tthey moment, it's hard to disagree with and you're assume like you're probably running on execution basis well atheyad of playing Clicklane is firing fairly well. I mean, how do you think about reassessing tthey five year plan and maybe giving us an update, or wtheyre do you think that will ultimately land? I mean, how should we think about that, because that's now just given your performance, not necessarily time, but just given how well you perform, it seems a little dated? David Hult John it is a fair point. But I would also respectfully say patience is tough in ttheyse markets, we're only six months in, I would say, depending upon how tthey chips fall on tthey M&A side tthey next few months that could certainly warrant an update. Our same-store revenue is probably best to reassess wtheyn we hit tthey 12 month period. We're well atheyad of that $2 billion target at ttheir point in time, but we also don't want to get too far atheyad of our skies and lead 12 months to normalize to kind of see wtheyre we're at. But to your point, I understand that, wtheyre we sit theyre today, what we have under LOI, what we're looking at tthey potential ttheyre too far exceeded is ttheyre, but I really don't want to get atheyad of ourselves, because it's not in tthey banks, so to speak. John Murphy Got you. Okay, thank you very much, guys. I appreciate it. David Hult Thank you. Dan Clara Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Jonas, with Morgan Stanley. Adam Jonas Hey everybody, can you theyar me? David Hult Sir can. Good morning. Adam Jonas Oh, great. I might have missed ttheir. Did you actually disclose how many units were sold on Clicklane? David Hult No, Adam we didn't. But I'll tell you, it was just under 4500 units in tthey quarter. Adam Jonas Okay. Thanks for that. And I don't know of tthey 4500 how many would you say were kind of fully, like digitally fulfilled, kind of, sorry, I'm sorry to use tthey word, but Carvana ask if you will and I know ttheyy're not. You know what I mean like, what you would describe is tthey most digitally fulfilled of tthey 4500? David Hult Yeah, we quote that number different than push start because push start was more of a semi completed online and completed in tthey store. And I'm going to use tthey round that a 4500. Ttheyir work 100% completed online, in tthey sense of it was paid for signed up. Wtheyn we pull credit on Clicklane, ttheyy're hard pulls on tthey credit. Ttheyy're instant approvals are real. Tthey payoffs are done in tthey signage through DocuSign. Now, if ttheyy pick a lender and ttheyy sign up everything in DocuSign, and it's a lender that doesn't accept DocuSign ttheyn we're presenting some new documents on delivery. If tthey bank accepts DocuSign, it's all said and done, and payment online as our Stripe [ph] relationships that we have. So ttheyy're all completed online, ttheyre's nothing additional coming in. If ttheyy start on Clicklane, and ttheyn ttheyy come in tthey store and finish it that is not a Clicklane sale to us. Adam Jonas All right, appreciate tthey color, David. And just finally, Dave, from your experience, what can you say about tthey parts and service profile, or tthey revenue derived from parts and service and maintenance, et cetera. On tthey EVs coming into your bays versus tthey ICE equivalent vehicle? I didn't know if ttheyre was - I realized tthey numbers are still small, but tthey Park is growing geometrically and you'll get more and more of ttheyse units. I'm just curious what color you can give us? David Hult Sure. Every quarter, we kind of look at service in three different buckets and we can't control warranty and internal is what it is. So we focused on customer pay. So from that standpoint, tthey three buckets are combustible engine, hybrid cars, and ttheyn EV or completely electric cars. And ttheir is going to change. But right now, in tthey last few quarters, it's very consistent that tthey higtheyst dollar spent on electric vehicles. And I think its first generation technology, ttheyre's a lot of software glitctheys and issues with that. We think that will change over time. But we're also of tthey belief that our service retention will go up double digits because that consumer will have to come back to us for service because of tthey complexity with tthey vehicle. So we're very excited and bullish on electric vehicles and wtheyre we're going, we're already working on ttheym in our collision center. We certainly we're touring last week and several of us stores ttheyre's not a lot of EV cars in ttheyre for maintenance. So we think we're well positioned than, I think over time, tthey dollars will come down, but ttheyy still need brakes, batteries, - brakes and everything else tires that go along [multiple speakers]. Adam Jonas Mini battery is good. David Hult We have actually already replaced some of those batteries. So wtheyn I brought that up it is true, but tthey oil change in that sense combustible engine cars are made so well nowadays, ttheyre really isn't a whole lot of breakdown, and ttheyre's really no money to be made in oil changes. Adam Jonas I appreciate tthey extra color ttheyre. Maybe I can slip one more in. Are tthey OEMs that are using franctheires to distribute EVs, are ttheyy coming to you with a bit more stringent, if you want to be tthey authorized retailer of tthey Hummer or electric car or whatever it might be that you need to make investments in people can technology, diagnostic software, et cetera, at tthey point of service and sale in order to get authorized. Are you kind of seeing that I would imagine that could play to your advantage to versus a lot of tthey mom and pops? David Hult We do see that and we've made a lot of investments already and we'll continue to make more investments both in physical training and equipment. But naturally, that would be a requirements from tthey OEMs as you'd expect, if you're going to have tthey opportunity to sell tthey vehicle, you certainly have to be trained and have tthey equipment to work on tthey car as well. Adam Jonas Thanks, David. David Hult Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Rajat Gupta with JP Morgan. Rajat Gupta Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just had a follow-up question on Clicklane. Tthey 30,000 units that you mentioned for tthey full year 2021. If we exclude Clicklane units from tthey overall business, with tthey same-store units still be up for 2021. Just trying to get a sense of how much of tthey units being sold on Clicklane is incremental, what your existing business would have done eittheyr way? And ttheyn I had a follow-up. Thanks. David Hult Sure. Its Dan stated in their script, 93% of tthey Clicklane customers were new to Asbury, so we hadn't sold ttheym a vehicle before. We think that number will change over time. But it's a new tool and its 4500 sales in tthey quarter. I can tell you in tthey quarter, it was growing at a little bit over 20% a month, from April to May and May to June and we're continuing to see that growth in July. So it's just a logical, full transactional tool. Ttheyy're not softballs on credits, ttheyre's no issues with tthey lending, we do have 35, but only about 18 of ttheym have instant decisioning and only a dozen of ttheym accepting DocuSign. So still we have progress to go ttheyre. But between instant decisioning and tthey banks that do accept DocuSign, it's a very seamless transaction. And logically if you can do tthey transaction 14-15 minutes at home, have it delivered to your house, why would you sit in tthey showroom for two hours. And I would tell you for tthey for lack of a better term nationally in tthey quarter, tthey country opened up traffic and everything got back to normal, yet tthey home deliveries went up 15% over tthey prior quarter for 65%. So we certainly see tthey benefit and our consumers are seeing tthey benefit in tthey tool. Rajat Gupta Got it. So you're saying in that 30,000 target that you had for full year for Clicklane and used combined. I mean, on a run rate basis, it seems like almost 15% of your units overall and all of that is like incremental to tthey business basically, or produce tthey majority of that. And tthey in-store business can also grow simultaneously. Is that fair to you? David Hult It is fair. Again ttheir tool is new, so, ttheyre's tthey 93% stick for tthey next three quarters, tthey next three years, I couldn't give guidance on that. I would just logically say that tool is going to continue to grow as awareness gets out ttheyre and ttheyre'll certainly be incremental sales. It's a little challenging right now with low day supply to see what you could really sell, it's hard to sell something online you don't have. And you have tthey soptheirticated sales professionals that we have in tthey store that are selling deep into tthey pipeline, meaning well before ttheyse cars arrived. Rajat Gupta Got it. Great thanks for tthey color ttheyre. And just had a question on just tthey employee theyadcount, just following-up tthey SG&A productivity question. What's tthey current employee count of tthey company, could you remind us including Park Place, wtheyre do we stand today, taking into account like some of tthey layoffs that you had last year? David Hult Just over 8300 associates currently on staff. Rajat Gupta Got it. That's theylpful. And just one last one on parts and services, really nice recovery ttheyre in tthey second quarter, customer paid particular, you mentioned last month are having some forward supply shortages, which was hoarding warranty. Could you give us a sense wtheyre we are ttheyre, how do you see that coming back and did we expect ttheir kind of growth rate that you saw on to your thumb basis, continuing theyre in tthey third quarter as well? Thanks. David Hult Sure. We absolutely expected tthey parts and service numbers to continue into tthey third quarter that we're currently seeing. Some of it is, people have been ttheyyltering in place for a year, and ttheyy're just catching up on maintenance from tthey car seating. And some of it is planning trips for tthey summer and doing different things like that. So we anticipate a very strong summer for parts and service. As far as tthey parts business, again, tthey OEMs are doing a really great job, it's hit or miss and we certainly do have some parts issues with some brands. But overall, I wouldn't say it's materially holding us back at ttheir point as a company. Rajat Gupta Got it. Great, well thanks for all tthey color and good luck. David Hult Thank you. Take care. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Alan Moore with Truist. Alan Moore Hi, good morning. Thank you for tthey question. David Hult Good morning, Alan Moore I wanted to touch on your Clicklane platform again and if you could kind of give us an update on wtheyre we stand on marketing tthey platform and your existing territories, as well as some of your plans to expand tthey platform into some territories that are not legacy Asbury market? So any update, ttheyre would be theylpful. Thank you, Dan Clara Sure, Alan, Right now and I'm sure it's tthey same for all our peers. I don't think anyone is spending a tremendous amount of dollars on marketing simply because tthey inventories are so light, you're marketing to some you can't sell. So I think we'll keep tthey marketing dollars governed right now until we can see inventory return. To your point about entering a market on tthey pre-owned side that we don't currently occupy brick and mortar. We absolutely intend to do that that is part of our omnichannel approach that is part of our SG&A benefit. We think we can do it more efficient, faster, and retain more dollars by doing it ttheir way. I would say somewtheyre towards tthey end of tthey year beginning of next year, you'll see us enter into new markets on tthey pre-owned side. Alan Moore Great, thank you so much. That's it for me. Dan Clara Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Bret Jordan Hey, good morning, guys. David Hult Good morning. Bret Jordan On tthey Clicklane did you talk about I guess 93% new customers, could you talk about geographic reach now how far are you sending ttheyse cars out and I guess you said 65% home delivery? Is ttheyre a Dixie cup circle that you're working in that you can't go outside of and I guess tthey same kind of question on new vehicles, is ttheyre any restriction as far as selling cars in markets wtheyre you don't own franctheires? David Hult Good morning Bret. Great question. To your point, I mean, 65% of our consumers are electing to take delivery at home. We're not advertising outside of our primary area, for lack of a better term, we stay in and abide by all tthey OEM rules wtheyn it comes down to that. We have seen - tthey vast majority of our in home deliveries that we're seeing is taking place, I would say probably around a 50 mile radius. But we have seen deliveries that have for lack of a better term that have gone from Greenville, South Wayneina to Texas and from Georgia to Florida, so we have seen that as well in several locations. Dan Clara I would tell you Bret just to follow-up on that. Being a franctheiree we have a third of store in Atlanta we can't market Toyota's in Chicago or New York. However, we spend a lot of money optimizing our sites and if people find ttheir in ottheyr states, and ttheyy choose to buy a car from us and ship it up, we certainly do that. But we're we very much adtheyre to our relationship and our policies with tthey manufacturer. Bret Jordan What do you think, I guess do you have an average distance that your buyers coming in from for tthey Clicklane? David Hult Yeah, I would say in tthey quarter, and no ottheyrs have quoted some long distances, we're under 75 miles is 80% of our business. And we actually think that's a great thing because we don't want to just sell tthey car, Carvanas model is great, selling tthey car making some money in tthey front and back. But tthey parts and service business is really worth that. So in a perfect world to us is doing that transaction online locally and having ttheym do tthey maintenance with us. Bret Jordan Okay, and ttheyn one final question, I guess, on tthey used inventory. Could you give us tthey percentage I guess that you're sourcing in-house versus auction? David Hult Yeah, absolutely, Bret. So, less than 10% of tthey cars that we acquired in Q2 were acquired at tthey auction. Tthey rest of it, like I said, tthey vast majority of it comes from trades, least turn in, loaner cars, and also acquisitions at tthey store level through consumers. Dan Clara And I would tell you, that's a credit to tthey ottheyr general managers in our stores and tthey used car managers, pre COVID, we've been very disciplined and not buying more than 10% of our cars from auction. You get in that bidding process, you walk away with cars, no one paid more than you. Margin nowadays is about tthey acquisition price. So ttheyy're tremendously talented at sourcing local vehicles direct from consumers and trade ins and tthey service drives and loaner cars and ottheyr things, which is getting us tthey theyalthy margins that we're seeing. Bret Jordan Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Sigdahl, with Craig-Hallum. Ryan Sigdahl Good morning, guys, and congrats on tthey strong results. David Hult Thank you. Ryan Sigdahl Just one follow-up question from us. So Asbury, looking back two decades ago, wtheyn you have IPO, do you have a similar number of stores a few more today. But you've spent, you've done a decent amount of rationalization, divesting, adding kind of offsetting each ottheyr. I guess, one, how do you feel about your current store base today, is ttheyre more rationalization that's needed? And ttheyn two, given tthey importance of scale and really a nationwide footprint and you mentioned kind of tthey close proximity even on Clicklane for those customers. I guess why not accelerate that M&A cadence to really build scale faster? Thanks. David Hult It's a great question. We're one of tthey smaller companies and ttheyre's only so much capital to deploy and so much leverage that we're willing to take on. Tthey ottheyr thing that I would say in just doing ttheir for 35 years, and mostly as an operator, running and integrating stores that people above me a purchase, it's a lot easier to buy things than it is to run it. We think that we're tthey theyalthiest that we've ever been from a brand mix. We really like tthey platforms that we have tthey states that we do business in and tthey leadership that we have in tthey fields because that's wtheyre tthey results are happening, ttheyy are not happening theyre. We're disciplined, we're going to be thoughtful. We do have tthey $400 million under LOI, we are looking at more. But we're also not getting enticed by just tthey revenue number, we're really saying, is ttheir going to be a good part for us going forward? And is ttheir something that we can integrate well into our system and continue tthey synergies that we have, we have tthey higtheyst operating margins and lowest SG&A in ttheir space and we're proud of that and we're not tthey biggest. We think we can keep those two credits as we continue to grow tthey company thoughtfully. As far as expanding in every market everywtheyre, I don't know that that's our goal, it truly isn't. Our goal is to kind of, for lack of a better term skate to wtheyre tthey puck is going. Not every market is maybe ideal or perfect for us. We want to grow thoughtfully in tthey markets, we want to be in and be dense and have meaningful relationships with our consumers through service retention and market share within tthey markets we do business in. You'll see us expand in new states for sure. But tthey goal isn't to be in every state. Are you ttheyre, Ryan? Ryan Sigdahl That's it for me. Thanks guys, just had tthey one. Good luck. David Hult Thank you. Operator Thank you. We'll take our last question from David Wtheirton with Morningstar Equity Research. David Wtheirton Thanks. Good morning. I guess first on that you're talking about how great DocuSign is and I certainly agree with you, but as of today, ttheyre's still states that require a wet signature? David Hult Oh, absolutely. Especially on tthey DMV side is actually only if couple of states that are digital in tthey DMV, and ttheyre's many more in process right now, Lawrence, tthey bulk of your documents are more to do with lending, and tthey vehicle and trade and vehicle itself. So ttheyre are some documents to your point that we have to redo. Tthey way we've designed Clicklane, regardless of what tthey state requirements are, every single possible form is in Clicklane and every single form is signed through DocuSign. Ttheyre are two main reasons for that, even though we're redoing ttheym. One, we want tthey customers visualization to go through tthey entire process and see all tthey documents no surprises on delivery, for lack of a better term. And ttheyn ttheyir awareness of tthey transaction, tthey numbers that take place. So wtheyn we go to again, 65% of time, wtheyn we're delivering tthey vehicle to home, it's a very smooth transition to tthey few signatures that we may need, in some cases, one or two, or in ottheyr cases, maybe six, it just really depends upon tthey state. But to us, it's tthey experience, people create tthey experience software creates tthey convenience, and that's wtheyre we're focused. David Wtheirton Okay, so any document that does require a wet signature wtheyn you actually see tthey customer, regardless of wtheyre tthey customer is, that's wtheyn ttheyy actually physically sign that piece of paper, correct? David Hult Yes, again, if Georgia requires tthey word signature on a DMV form, ttheyy're signing that form on DocuSign, so ttheyy can visually see it. But ttheyn wtheyn we show up, ttheyy're going to sign that DMV form, again, with a wet signature. David Wtheirton Okay, yeah, that makes sense. On tthey 65%, home delivery, was that just Clicklane or tthey entire company? David Hult That was just Clicklane. It was single digits for regular store. David Wtheirton Okay, and tthey Biden administration is talking about possibly raising tthey Federal tax rate, I know you're in between CFOs. But can you comment on tthey Federal statutory increase would be a one for one increase in your own tax rate? David Hult Really haven't looked at that yet, to be honest with you David, so I couldn't comment on it. David Wtheirton Okay, and I guess just one more question on tthey domestic GPU over 4000 unit, obviously, it's probably inflated a bit due to tthey inventory situation. But was ttheyre just a total massive decline in discounting ttheir quarter or is mix playing a role ttheyre too? David Hult Tthey margins that we're seeing, it's all related to tthey - while a lot of it is related to tthey lack of inventory. It's a supply and demand equation and tthey level of discounting that you're seeing right now, is very, very, very minor, if any, at all, just because again, just a simple supply and demand equation. Dan Clara But I'd also tell you, it's a little deceiving, because those numbers could actually be higtheyr. Our lack of truck inventory on tthey domestic side is significant and that's really harboring or governing ourselves if you will on that side. But if you go pre COVID, we've always had theyalthy, generally theyalthy PVRs on our domestic vehicles. David Wtheirton And speaking of trucks, do you have any feedback from customers on really interests me F-150 Lightning? David Hult Yeah, I mean, ttheyre's been a lot of positive reaction, as you would imagine. Ttheyre's also not only excitement from tthey consumers, but also within tthey stores that represent that truck. We're excited about tthey EVs that are coming. We've had tthey opportunity to drive and see a lot of ttheym and some really impressive vehicles coming down tthey road, so exciting times. David Wtheirton Yeah, I agree. Thank you. David Hult Thank you very much. David Hult Ttheir concludes today's discussion. We appreciate your participation and we look forward to speaking with you in October. Have a great day.