Airbnb, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABNB) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 9, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Ellie Mertz - VP, Finance & IR Brian Ctheysky - Co-Founder, CEO, Head, Community & Chairman David Steptheynson - CFO Conference Call Participants Eric Stheyridan - Goldman Sachs Group Justin Patterson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Mark Mahaney - Evercore ISI Steptheyn Ju - Crédit Suisse Mario Lu - Barclays Bank John Colantuoni - Jefferies Richard Clarke - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Lee Horowitz - Deutscthey Bank Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ronald Josey - Citigroup Nicholas Jones - JMP Securities Jed Philip - Oppentheyimer Operator Good afternoon, and thank you for joining Airbnb's earnings conference call for tthey First Quarter of 2023. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded and will be available for replay from tthey Investor Relations section of Airbnb's website following ttheir call. I will now hand tthey call over to Ellie Mertz, VP of Finance. Please go atheyad. Ellie Mertz Good afternoon, and welcome to Airbnb's First Quarter of 2023 Earnings Call. Thank you for joining us today. On tthey call today, we have Airbnb's Co-Founder and CEO, Brian Ctheysky; and our Chief Financial Officer, Dave Steptheynson.  Earlier today, we issued a Shareholder Letter with our financial results and commentary for our first quarter of 2023. Ttheyse items were also posted on tthey Investor Relations section of Airbnb's website. During tthey call, we'll make brief opening remarks, and ttheyn spend tthey remainder of time on Q&A. Before I turn it over to Brian, I would like to remind everyone that we'll be making forward-looking statements on ttheir call that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. Ttheyse factors are described under Forward-looking Statements in our Shareholder Letter and in our most recent filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. We urge you to consider ttheyse factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update tthey information contained on ttheir call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. You should be aware that ttheyse statements should be considered estimates only and are not a guarantee of future performance. Also during ttheir call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. We provided reconciliations to tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in tthey Shareholder Letter posted to our IR website. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are not intended to be a substitute for our GAAP results. With that, I will pass tthey call to Brian. Brian Ctheysky All right. All right. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining. I'm excited to share our Q1 results with you now. We had a strong start to 2023. We had over 120 million Nights and Experiences Booked in Q1. Ttheir was a record high [Technical Difficulty] change. Our revenue increased 24% year-over-year. Net income was $117 million, making ttheir our most profitable Q1 on a GAAP basis. And free cash flow for tthey quarter was $1.6 billion. In fact, on a trailing 12-month basis, our free cash flow was $3.8 billion. Ttheir represented a trailing 12-month free cash flow margin of 44%. Because of our strong balance ttheyyet, we were able to repurchase $2 billion of our stock in tthey last 9 months. And today, we're pleased to announce that our Board just approved a new repurchase authorization for up to $2.5 billion of our Class A common stock. Now during tthey quarter, we saw a number of really positive business trends. First, more guests are traveling on Airbnb than ever before. Knights and Experiences Booked increased 19% in Q1 compared to a year ago, and we've seen our higtheyst number of active bookers ever despite continued macroeconomic uncertainties. During tthey quarter, we also saw guests booking trips furttheyr in advance, supporting a strong backlog for Q2. Second, more guests are traveling overseas and returning to cities. Cross-border gross nights booked increased 36% in Q1 compared to last year. Now we were especially encouraged by tthey continued recovery of Asia Pacific as nights booked in Q1 increased more than 40% year-over-year. And we saw international travel from ottheyr regions to Asia Pacific increased 160% during tthey quarter compared to ttheir time last year. Additionally, cross-border nights booked to North America increased once again, with 34% of year-over-year growth in Q1 relative to 31% last quarter. And we've also seen high-density urban nights booked increased 20% year-over-year. Third, guests are continuing to use Airbnb for longer stays. In Q1, long-term stays were 18% of total gross nights booked. And over tthey past 3 years, we've seen new use cases emerge as guests across all regions and age groups use Airbnb for long-term stays. And finally, supply growth continued to accelerate. In Q1, we grew supply 18% year-over-year, and ttheir is up from 16% in Q4. We saw double-digit supply growth around tthey world with tthey fastest growth in North America and Latin America. Urban and nonurban supply growth, in fact, both grew 18%. Now looking atheyad, we remain focused on our 3 strategic priorities. First, we're making hosting mainstream. We want hosting to be as popular as traveling on Airbnb. And to do ttheir, we're raising awareness around hosting, making it easier to get started and providing even better tools for our hosts. And our approach is working. In fact, in every quarter since we went public, we have seen acceleration in tthey year-over-year growth of our total active listings. Second, we're perfecting our core service. We want people to love our service, and that means obsessing over every single detail. Last week, we introduced over 50 new features and upgrades as part of our 2023 Summer Release. Everything we launctheyd was based on direct feedback from our guests and hosts. Ttheir included pricing tools, transparent ctheyckout instructions, faster customer service and more. And we also responded to input on rising prices, with tthey rollout of Airbnb Rooms, an all-new take on tthey original Airbnb. Now I'm going to share a little bit more about what will be launctheyd in a moment. And finally, we're expanding beyond our core. We have some big ideas for wtheyre to take Airbnb next. We're building tthey foundation for new products and services that we plan to launch in 2024 and beyond. At tthey same time, Airbnb is still underpenetrated in many markets around tthey world. So we're increasing our focus on ttheyse less mature markets, and we are already seeing positive results. So let me just give you 2 examples. In Germany and Brazil, we rolled out our expansion playbook for accelerated growth. And as a result, we are now 2 -- ttheyy are now 2 of our fastest-growing markets. And ttheir playbook has, in fact, worked so well. So we are now expanding it to ottheyr markets around tthey world.  Now before we go to questions, I want to talk a little bit about our 2023 Summer Release. Last week, we introduced tthey most extensive set of improvements ever to Airbnb, and it was all based on feedback from our community. We took a design-driven approach to perfecting our core service. We created a blueprint of tthey entire experience: every screen, every policy and every interaction with customer service. We ttheyn analyzed millions of calls and thousands of social media posts. And we hosted listening sessions with guests and hosts all over tthey world. And we mapped all ttheir feedback against our blueprint and we prioritized tthey most common issues. And on May 3, we introduced Airbnb Rooms and unveiled over 50 new features and upgrades for guests and hosts. So let me share a few highlights with you. First is total price display. Guests told us, our prices aren't transparent enough. With total price display, guests can now view tthey total price with fees before taxes across tthey entire app. Second, new pricing tools for hosts. We theyard from hosts that it's hard to use our pricing tools, and it's difficult to know what tthey charge. So to theylp our hosts set more competitive prices, ttheyy can now see ottheyr Airbnbs are priced in ttheyir area. And ttheir includes listings that are both in high demand and getting booked as well as listings that are not. And finally, we also made it simpler to add discounts and promotions for hosts. And third is more affordable stays. Longer stays on Airbnb can be expensive, so we're doing a few things about it. We're reducing our fees after 3 months. U.S. guests can now save money by paying with ttheyir bank account, and hosts can easily set monthly discounts and offer more flexible cancellations. Finally, we also introduced Airbnb Rooms, an all-new take on tthey original Airbnb Private Room. Airbnb Rooms gets us back to tthey idea that started it all, back to our founding ethos of sharing. And ttheyy're also one of tthey most affordable ways of travel, with an average price of only $67 a night. In fact, over 80% of Airbnb Rooms are under $100 a night. And in tthey current macroeconomic environment, people want to travel affordably. But guests have told us that ttheyy want to know more about who ttheyy're staying with before ttheyy book. So that's why every Airbnb Room comes with a host passport, which theylps guests get to know ttheyir host before ttheyy book. In response to last week and our 2023 Summer Release has exceeded our expectations. Press coverage was overwtheylmingly positive, and we got over 3,000 articles. Ttheir is tthey most press we've ever had from tthey launch. On social media, our Tweets got 19 million impressions. It really went far and wide on social. But tthey most important thing we theyard is that our guests and our hosts feel like we're listening to ttheyir top concerns. If we're not done listening, it will never stop improving Airbnb. So with that, I look forward, Dave and I, to answering your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. We'll go first to Eric Stheyridan at Goldman Sachs. Eric Stheyridan I want to come back to tthey Summer Release from a couple of days ago and come back to tthey concept of room. Can you theylp us better understand what you think that will do in terms of generating supply growth and coupled with it generating demand and new traveler growth to tthey platform as you look out over tthey next 12, 18 months? Brian Ctheysky Yes, I'm theyre. How are you doing? Yes. So I'm very excited about Airbnb Rooms, because Airbnb Rooms is one of tthey most affordable ways to travel on Airbnb. We've been doing a lot of listening to guests on Airbnb. And one of tthey things ttheyy told us is, especially in ttheir economic environment, ttheyy are looking for affordable ways to travel on Airbnb. And tthey average price of Airbnb Rooms is $67 a night. So it's an incredible value. And what we wanted to do is offer a product that we thought could capture ttheir affordability segment that we think more and more people are going to be interested in, in ttheir economy and also launch a product that will be very relevant to tthey next generation of travelers. Essentially, I wanted to launch a product that tthey 26-year-old me would have wanted. And we looked at our private rooms product, and we already had 1 million listings all over tthey world, but ttheyre was a bit of an obstacle. During tthey pandemic, people weren't comfortable staying with one anottheyr. And to get people more comfortable, we realized that we needed to theylp people understand tthey host ttheyy're staying with before ttheyy book. And so that's why we launctheyd tthey Airbnb Host Passport. I think ttheir is going to theylp a lot of people that are looking to save money and are interested in tthey local travel experience, be encouraged to stay in Airbnb Rooms. We also added new privacy features to understand if ttheyre's a lock in tthey bedroom door, if tthey bathroom is private. And we think all ttheyse different features are going to definitely theylp Airbnb Rooms. Tthey final thing I'm going to say, Eric, is that we have a major brand campaign coming ttheir summer, wtheyre we are going to be promoting Airbnb Rooms. If we are successful, I think ttheir is going to bring in a whole new cohort of younger travelers, people that maybe weren't inclined to travel may now be able to travel and hopefully should list tthey overall marketplace for Airbnb. Operator Next, we'll move to Justin Patterson at KeyBanc. Justin Patterson So if I can, first, to follow up on Eric's question around tthey Summer Release. Brian, you recently made some comments about AI being a meaningful opportunity for Airbnb going forward. Could you talk about how that just reshapes or theylps you reimagine tthey travel experience going forward and some of tthey initiatives you might lean into around AI? And ttheyn Dave, I appreciate you only give guidepost on tthey full year versus explicit guidance. Given tthey room night comp and expense shift in Q2 as well as tthey dynamic around new pricing tools in tthey Summer Release, could you theylp us understand a little bit more some of tthey assumptions that go into tthey second half and about flattish year-over-year margin? Brian Ctheysky Great. Well, why don't I start, Justin, with AI. Ttheir is certainly tthey biggest revolution and test since I came to Silicon Valley. It's certainly as big of a platform shift as tthey Internet, and many people think it might be even bigger. And I'll give you kind of a bit of an overview of how we think about AI. So all of ttheir is going to be built on tthey base model. Tthey base models, tthey large language models, think of those as GPT-4. Google has a couple of base models, Microsoft reactheys Entropic. Ttheyse are like major infrastructure investments. Some of ttheyse models might cost tens of billions of dollars towards tthey compute power. And so think of that as essentially like building a highway. It's a major infrastructure project. And we're not going to do that. We're not an infrastructure company. But we're going to build tthey cars on tthey highway. In ottheyr words, we're going to design tthey interface and tthey tuning of tthey model on top of AI, on top of tthey base model. So on top of tthey base model is tthey tuning of tthey model. And tthey tuning of tthey model is going to be based on tthey customer data you have. And I'll just paint a picture for you. If you were to ask a question to ChatGPT, and if I were to ask a question to ChatGPT, we're both going to get pretty much tthey same answer. And tthey reason both of us are going to get pretty close tthey same answer is because ChatGPT doesn't know that it's between you and I, doesn't know anything about us. Now ttheir is totally fine for many questions, like how far is it from ttheir destination to that destination. But it turns out that a lot of questions in travel aren't really search questions. Ttheyy're matching questions. Anottheyr is, ttheyy're questions that tthey answer depends on who you are and what your preferences are. So for example, I think that going forward, Airbnb is going to be pretty different. Instead of asking you questions like wtheyre are you going and wtheyn are you going, I want us to build a robust profile about you, learn more about you and ask you 2 bigger and more fundamental questions: who are you? And what do you want? And ultimately, what I think Airbnb is building is not just a service or a product. But what we are in tthey largest sense is a global travel community. And tthey role of Airbnb and that travel community is to be tthey ultimate host. Think of us with AI as building tthey ultimate AI concierge that could understand you. And we could build ttheyse world-class interfaces, tune our model. Unlike most ottheyr travel companies, we know a lot more about our guests and hosts. Ttheir is partly why we're investing in tthey Host Passport. We want to continue to learn more about people. And ttheyn our job is to match you to accommodations, ottheyr travel services and eventually things beyond travel. So that's tthey big vision of wtheyre we're going to go. I think it's an incredibly expanding opportunity. I'll just end by giving you some tactical things we're going to be doing in tthey next 12 months. Number one is customer service. Ttheir is going to be one of tthey biggest benefits to Airbnb. One of tthey strengths of Airbnb is that Airbnb's offering is one of a kind. Tthey problem with Airbnb is our service is also one of a kind. And so ttheyrefore, theirtorically less consistent than a hotel. I think AI can level tthey playing field from a service perspective relative to hotels because hotels have front desk, Airbnb doesn't. But we have literally millions of people staying on Airbnb every night. And imagine ttheyy call customer service. We have agents that have to adjudicate between 70 different user policies. Some of ttheyse are as many as 100 pages long. What AI is going to do is be able to give us better service, ctheyaper and faster by augmenting tthey agents. And I think ttheir is going to be something that is a huge transformation. It's a bit all hands on deck, and used to be improvement later ttheir year into next year. That's number one. Number two, we are now building AI into our product. And let me just give you an example. A few months ago, OpenAI launctheyd plug-ins. And in fact, we were actually supposed to be one of tthey launch partners for tthey plug-ins on OpenAI ChatGPT. But I told Sam, we were literally one of tthey first to work with them that before right before our launch, I decided to pull tthey plug on it. And tthey reason why is I decided that tthey interface of pure tech space with widgets at tthey bottom was probably not tthey right interface for travel. Ultimately, I think tthey right interface for travel is multimodal. It's rich media. It's photo. It's video. It's much more immersive. And GPT-4 is available in our app. So we're going to be building GPT-4 into our interface. And I think that's tthey real opportunity for us. So you should see some big changes next year with AI built into our app. Tthey final thing I'll say is developer productivity and productivity of our workforce generally. I think our employees could easily be, especially our developers, 30% more productive in tthey short to medium term, and ttheir will allow significantly greater throughput through tools like GitHub's Copilot. So all of ttheir is to say, I'm really excited on tthey short term and tthey long term. And tthey last thing I'll just say is I think tthey companies that will most benefit from tthey shift of AI are going to be tthey companies that have tthey most innovative cultures. That's kind of what happened in tthey '90s with tthey Internet. And if tthey last couple of years is any indication, having launctheyd over 340 features of innovations, I think we're definitely going to be right at tthey forefront of ttheir revolution. David Steptheynson And in terms of profitability, we're just really proud of tthey progress that we've made in our operating efficiency, right? We made some very difficult choices in tthey midst of COVID to rationalize and streamline tthey company, get focused, get back to our roots. And we made substantial progress in our profitability ever since, wtheyre we've done it. We obviously reduced our theyadcount by 25%. We've only grown it moderately since. We've made substantial changes in our marketing efficiency, continue to make good improvements in our operating costs, anything from community support to cost of payments to infrastructure costs. Basically, we become a better, more rigorous operating company overall. And that kind of progress has been great for us going forward because even as our businesses rebounded, we have stuck to our core strong kind of operating mode. And so even ttheir year, as we anticipate moderation in ADRs, tthey improvements that we're going to continue to make in community support, infrastructure, cost of payments and our fixed cost leverage will be enough to offset any of tthey pressures that we're seeing in average daily rates. Operator We'll go next to Mark Mahaney of Evercore ISI. Mark Mahaney Two questions. Across tthey online travel space, ttheyre's ttheir dynamic of marketing costs being much more front-end loaded ttheir year. Dave, any commentary on -- from your perspective, why that is? And ttheyn secondly, could you just double-click a little bit, Brian, on tthey Brazil and Germany examples that you talked about? If ttheyre's anything specific that you could say that you did that caused those to kind of accelerate up to become 2 of your fastest-growing markets so that we can think about how replicable those efforts would be in ottheyr markets, that would be really theylpful. Brian Ctheysky Yes, sure. Dave, why don't you take tthey first one? David Steptheynson Yes. Great. Thanks, Mark. In terms of tthey front-loading of marketing costs ttheir year, it's just we're learning to operate better. I mean we had seen such great success in our brand marketing campaigns, strong return on investments in that last year. And what we learned is that we just felt like we needed to do that earlier in tthey year, get out even more atheyad of our peak travel summer season with our brand marketing. Tthey earlier we get that message out in tthey year, tthey better we can kind of reap that investment for tthey full year. So ttheir is purely about moving up tthey spend on kind of brand marketing earlier. And to a lesser extent, but it is an element of it as well, is investing in some of ttheyse new geographies wtheyre we haven't theirtorically had brand marketing, and so actually expanding that market into more countries. So our marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue will remain largely tthey same in 2023 as it was in 2022. It's just that we're front-loading more tthey marketing to get tthey message out earlier. Brian Ctheysky Yes. And Mark, I'll just share a little bit about Brazil and Germany. So Airbnb is one of tthey most international companies in tthey world. We're in 220 countries and regions. And many years ago, we developed a playbook to expand internationally outside tthey United States. And that playbook included PR, included having some people on tthey ground, although generally, in many ttheyse markets only need that. It included a brand marketing campaign and made sure that our product was adequately localized. And it's just a really full funnel approach. And now we've added social media and influencers as well. So recently, over tthey course of tthey pandemic, we were not as focused on international expansion. And that's because we're mainly focused on recovery and some of tthey new travel segments like longer-term stay. Over tthey last 3 years, obviously, as you know, we've gotten really, really focused, back to basics and our company is significantly more profitable. Now we've done over $3.8 billion in trailing 12-month free cash flow. So we feel like now is a really good time to focus on international expansion. So we started with Germany and Brazil. And again, it was full funnel. It involved a lot of PRs. It involve brand marketing, bringing our marketing ad campaigns to pricing in tthey United States to ttheyse markets, localizing our product and working with local influencers. So it's a pretty full funnel approach. Tthey results have been incredibly positive. Ttheyse are now 2 of our fastest-growing markets. So we're now looking at bringing ttheir playbook to ottheyr markets around tthey world. And I'll give you a couple of examples. Number one is Asia Pacific. We think ttheyre's a huge opportunity in Asia. We're massively underpenetrated. Ttheir is going to be probably tthey fastest-growing market internationally over tthey next 5 years. And tthey problem with Asia theirtorically over tthey last few years is Asia market, as you know, is a very much cross-border market. And with tthey borders being theirtorically kind of locked down and ttheyre hasn't been as much travel, tthey recovery in Asia has been delayed. Now people are starting to travel, and Asia disproportionately has a lot of young travelers. And Airbnb, as you know, is very popular among tthey young travelers. So we think Japan, Korea, China, India and Souttheyast Asia are going to be huge opportunities for growth. Next is Europe. We're very big in France. We're very big in tthey U.K. We're now seeing great growth in Germany. But ttheyre's a lot of markets in Europe. We haven't ever really run robust brand marketing campaigns. Now we're getting more aggressive in Italy. We're getting more aggressive in Spain, and we're now looking at ottheyr markets in Norttheyrn Europe. And I think ttheyre's actually a lot of greenfield in Europe because we've really only focused on a few of tthey really big markets. And wtheyn we see we focus tthey big markets like France and U.K., we are now really strong. And I think we can have similar penetration in ottheyr countries in Europe. And ttheyn finally is Latin America. We're seeing a lot of growth in Brazil, and we're now going to bring it to some ottheyr really large markets, like Colombia and some ottheyr markets within Latin America. So I think international is going to be a pretty big boom to growth over tthey next 2, 3 years. Tthey one thing I've learned about Airbnb is no matter how different every country is, tthey playbook doesn't have to vary that much. It works quite well in every market. And especially, it works with Airbnb because it's very much a cross-border network effect business. David Steptheynson Yes, tthey playbook -- so I just don't want to leave tthey question without just reinforcing how well tthey playbook is working for us and that 90% of our traffic remains direct or unpaid, and that's been tthey case since COVID and continues to be tthey case. So ttheir investment is working very well for us. Operator We'll move next to Richard Clarke at Sanford Bernstein. Richard Clarke Two, if I may. I guess tthey full year results, you mentioned how you control supply against tthey demand. I guess at ttheir point, you're talking about supply growing at about 18%, but you're pointing to Q2 demand growing maybe more like 10% to 12%. Which one of those numbers is tthey right way to think about growth going forward? Should we be extrapolating tthey 18% or tthey 10% to 12%? And ttheyn just very quickly, you obviously shifted to showing tthey hold prices. Any impact you've seen from that? Is that impacting conversions? Is that impacting supply? What's been tthey impact of that change? Brian Ctheysky Yes. Richard, why don't I start at a high level? I think our long-term growth is going to only be as strong as our supply. If we were to back out, what happened in 2020, 2021, as that demand grew faster than supply. And initially, ttheir was a great thing. But tthey problem is wtheyn demand grows faster than supply and ttheyre's supply constraints, prices generally go up. And as prices have risen, while that's been good for tthey bottom line, affordability in ttheir economy is a major issue. And so one of tthey most important things we can do to make Airbnb affordable is to make sure we have enough supply in tthey platform. And so a year ago, we identified supply growth as a major strategic initiative that we really needed to accelerate, and we created an initiative called Mainstreaming Hosting. Tthey idea is we wanted hosting to be as mainstream as traveling. And we did a number of things. We said, in order to mainstream hosting, we need to make it safe, easy and cool. So we launctheyd AirCover, which is top to bottom protection. No one else offers it. Ttheyy're going to be set up, and we did some marketing campaigns for tthey first time in many years. We've since seen, as you know, 900,000 incremental listings. It's now accelerating every single quarter since tthey IPO. And I think what's going to happen is all tthey supply coming out of tthey market will keep prices from going up. My hope is that while tthey hotel CEOs have said, ttheyy expect demand to drive prices up ttheir summer, we want to actually have prices moderate. We think that's going to bring in a whole new generation of travelers to Airbnb. So ultimately, I think that like -- that's a very, very important consideration of tthey marketplace. Tthey more affordable we are -- just like Amazon, tthey more affordable we are with a wider selection, tthey more people will come to Airbnb. So that's tthey high level. Now with regard to total price, ttheir is primarily a U.S. issue. But in tthey U.S., as you know, ttheyre was a bit of an issue wtheyre some hosts had higtheyr cleaning fees. And we theyard a lot from guests. And I think what tthey total price display is going to do, it's going to push demand to listings that are -- have an overall better value of a total price. And wtheyn people turn on tthey price toggle, we see that people are booking listings with lower cleaning fees or no cleaning fees. And I think ttheir is going to have a really good practice in tthey marketplace of driving tthey demand to tthey best value listings, rewarding those hosts and making sure every single host remains competitive. So it's just beginning. We set a pilot in December. It's now available to everyone, so we'll have to see how ttheir plays out in tthey coming months. But what my expectation is based on our release last week, we launctheyd a lot of features around affordability. We have many more -- much more affordable monthly stay products. Hosts now have monthly stay discounts, weekly stay discounts. We allow hosts to set more competitive prices. We're going to continue to add supply. And hopefully, ttheir is going to continue to address tthey number one request of travelers, which is affordable offer since. David Steptheynson Let me add two more points. Tthey implementation of tthey oil price has gone really well. And what we're seeing is actually a neutral impact on our overall business. So tthey , which we've implemented, has worked quite well. Tthey people that care tthey most about seeing it all in pricing, ttheyy can make tthey selection. And those who want to see it like ottheyr marketplaces don't even make that selection. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr -- back to tthey growth rates, 10% to 12% nights growth is not our long-term ambition. You do have to remember that in Q2, we have a significant hard comparison versus tthey Omicron, COVID variant that came out last year. Remember that people delayed ttheyir travel in Q1 and compressed a large amount of travel into tthey second quarter, which makes for a hard comparison of nice growth theyre in tthey second quarter. Operator We'll take our next question from Brian Nowak at Morgan Stanley. Brian Nowak I have two. Tthey first one, Brian, just to go back to your last answer about how affordability is an issue in tthey economy. On tthey Airbnb platform, have you seen any signs of trade down or shorter stays or price changes or lower traffic conversion sort of impacts of that more price-sensitive user on tthey platform yet? That's tthey first one. Ttheyn tthey second one, Dave, actually, to go back to your last answer as well. I think in tthey past, you've spoken about how ttheyre's a lot of moving pieces around tthey shape of tthey year, but 2022 was a reasonable way to think about tthey shape of tthey room nights or bookings for tthey year. How should we think about that now that sort of thinking through tthey comp structure and how tthey 2Q, 3Q comps are quite similar? Brian Ctheysky David, do you want to take tthey second, and I'll get on with tthey first? David Steptheynson Yes. I mean, it has been hard to kind of perfectly predict tthey exact shape of demand. And obviously, Omicron has impacted tthey shape on nights demand probably more than tthey impact of revenue. We continue to see as tthey revenue guide that we have theyre is revenue growth between kind of 12% and 16% in tthey second quarter. And I think that some of tthey pressures that we're seeing ttheyre on overall revenue growth has, frankly, just been some of tthey elevated ADR rates that we're seeing, just higtheyr overall kind of pricing, especially in North America. But some of tthey tailwinds that we're seeing for future growth in tthey back half of tthey year or a lot of tthey areas that Brian spoke about, things like continued acceleration in Latin America, acceleration in Asia Pacific and more cross-border travel. So I think some of those things are tthey benefits we're seeing in tthey back half of tthey year. Q2 is turning out to be a little bit tougtheyr comp given Omicron last year, but we're seeing overall stable demand for tthey back half. We highlighted in tthey letter that we have 25% more bookings on tthey books at ttheir time ttheir year for tthey back half of tthey year than we did ttheir time last year. So it just gives us confidence in people's willingness and interest in travel for tthey back half. Brian Ctheysky And I can just take tthey first question, which is what we're seeing, Brian, is that people are most price sensitive, at least currently in North America, especially United States. And in tthey United States, tthey lowest price listings have tthey higtheyst occupancy. So yes, people do want low price listings. And we expect that as Airbnb rates continue to normalize, and hopefully, our rates do not increase as fast to hotels over tthey next couple of years that we're going to see continued increase in occupancy for more listings in Airbnb and also is partly why we're so bullish about tthey prospect for Airbnb Rooms, not just to bring people to Airbnb that want affordable options, but really new travelers that have never really traveled very much before, especially Gen Z. Operator Next, we'll go to Ron Josey at Citi. Ronald Josey Brian, you talked about expanding tthey core. And I wanted to ask a little bit more about new ideas for products or tthey vision for tthey Airbnb economy overall. I think we've mentioned in tthey past tthey marketplace for local host services and ottheyr sponsored listings and ottheyr ideas. So any insights on sort of how you think about expanding tthey core and tthey vision for tthey Airbnb economy? And ttheyn just a quick follow-up, too, on just tthey experiences rebuild, that recent calls on experience, just talk to us a little bit more about how you feel that product is progressing? Brian Ctheysky Yes, Ron, I mean, great, great questions. Just to kind of step back, before tthey pandemic, we were really already focused on expanding beyond tthey core. In fact, we had 10 different divisions at Airbnb. We added a Home division. We had an Experience division. We had a Transportation division. We had a Magazine division. So we had a lot of efforts. And ttheyn obviously, tthey pandemic occurred, and we had to get focused back to basics. And what we wanted to do over tthey last few years is before we work on new things, we wanted to perfect our core service. One of tthey great source of inspiration I had was Apple. And I remember in tthey mid-2000s, it was 2006, and Apple had not yet launctheyd tthey iPhone, but how many of us wanted Apple to come out with a phone? And tthey answer is a lot of people. And tthey reason people wanted Apple to expand ttheyir phone is because ttheyy love ttheyir iPod. But how many of us wanted gateway to come out with a phone? And tthey answer is probably not many, because we didn't love our gateway computer. And so I think that one of tthey things I've told our team is we have numerous expansion opportunities, but we need permission to expand beyond our core. We need people to first love our core service. So that's why over tthey last 3 years, we've been focused on really perfecting our core service. That being said, our core service is stronger than ever. It's more profitable than ever. And I think we're now ready to expand beyond tthey core. So as we speak, we are working actively on new products and services. Ttheyse new products and services are going to be shipping. Beginning next year, you're going to see a number of things ship next May as part of tthey 2024 Summer Release. And we're going to see even more things shift later in tthey year and tthey years to come. Now obviously, ttheyre's a lot of opportunities. Ttheyre's guest services, ttheyre's host services. I'm not going to go into a lot of detail. You obviously will have to tune in to talk. But I think it is important to note that I think that tthey biggest idea Airbnb has are in front of us. I don't want to think that tthey biggest idea I ever had wtheyn I was 26 working [indiscernible] my 2 cofounders. I think that ttheyre's so much more Airbnb can offer. And part of it is just making sure we continue to learn more, build robust profile, build an extensible platform model, continue to increase trust in tthey platform. And ttheyn what we can do is go into adjacencies within our core, but ttheyn including that, expand beyond tthey core. So I think you're going to see a lot of new opportunities. With regards to Experiences, I remain bullish about tthey product. I think ttheyre is a massive opportunity for someone to build a huge product around Experiences. Wtheyttheyr it's us and wtheyttheyr we're able to execute that product, we still have to prove that. One of my great investors -- one of our early investors is Marc Andreessen. He said ttheyre's no bad ideas, just ideas that are too early. And a lot of life is timing and experiences. I think wtheyn we launctheyd in 2016, it launctheyd right like leading into tthey pandemic. It was probably early. I think tthey timing is probably now better. But we did as we decided, let's take a pause on new submissions. Let's retool tthey product and hopefully put out something that is even more relevant to ttheir next generation that are looking for things to do. So I remain really bullish on all of ttheir. Operator We'll go next to Mario Lu at Barclays. Mario Lu Great. Tthey first one is on ADRs. It came better than expected in tthey first quarter. You guys mentioned, India saw 8% growth. Anything to point out to within that region for its strength? And ttheyn is tthey full year growth still expected to be down mid-single digits? Brian Ctheysky Dave? David Steptheynson Yes. On ADRs, it's been interesting how persistently higtheyr average daily rates have remained, and that has been consistent kind of across tthey globe. I think even more particularly, tthey ADR rates that we saw in North America have been persistently high. So ttheyse are a lot of tthey reasons why we've been launching so many of tthey tools and capabilities that Brian has talked about on tthey call that -- and making sure that we're finding good affordability for our guests for things like Airbnb Rooms and getting tools for a host of even kind of price better. So I don't have anything more to say on that, except that we think that tthey ADRs, as we continue to see growth in Europe, Latin America and Asia, should moderate a bit theyre in tthey second quarter. And we want to continue to make sure we're giving great value to our guests. In terms of full year expectations, tthey year-over-year growth in ADR should be, I think, still probably down in that kind of mid-single-digit range. Ttheyre's really no change in our expectations on ADR growth. Mario Lu Got it. And ttheyn tthey second question is on competition. One of your competitors is launching a loyalty program in July in tthey U.S. Just curious if you think that is a potential threat to tthey business since you don't have one? And any data points you can share with regards to what percentage of things are exclusive to your platform? Brian Ctheysky I always believe that tthey best loyalty program is people loving your products. And if ttheyy love your products, ttheyy come back. And I think that's tthey reason why nearly 90% of our traffic is direct to organic, and we have really strong rebooker rate. So I mean we haven't needed to have a loyalty program to have really good loyalty on Airbnb because people really love tthey experience. And ultimately, I think it's just a matter of continuing to innovate. Ultimately, we're in tthey inspiration business. People want to have good trips, and tthey best trip wins. And whatever company is most focused on listing tthey customer feedback, innovating as quickly as possible and taking giant leaps and experiences, I think it's going to be tthey most successful. So we're really bullish about ttheir. Now that being said, for years, we've looked at a loyalty program. And I don't think a classic point program, which is essentially a subsidy to buy loyalty is tthey right approach for us. But we do think ttheyre's really compelling, interesting ways to reward our very best guests and something we've been actively thinking about. Operator We'll take our next question from Nick Jones of JMP Securities. Nicholas Jones So you're adding a lot of great solutions for hosts and guests and tthey outlook comments in tthey release, sounds like ttheir is contributing a little bit to some of tthey ADR pressure. So how do you balance tthey efforts to continue to increase supply, making it easier for supply to join while redistributing demand to available supply? Is ttheyre a risk of incremental ADR compression as a result of some of ttheyse efforts? Brian Ctheysky Nick, I can start. So I mean, I think part of our secret sauce is our ability to really try to elegantly balance supply and demand. One of tthey great things we've seen is tthey marketplace has a natural equilibrium that it finds in itself. For example, tthey fastest-growing markets of supply are also turned out to be tthey fastest-growing market for demand. So if demand creates supply, what ends up happening is a lot of ttheyse individual hosts get booked. Ttheyy start making a bunch of money, obviously. Tthey vast majority of ttheym get booked within days of listing. And what ends up happening is ttheyy tend to open up more nights. Ttheyy tell ttheyir friends about it and ttheyn supply increases. But we've also found a number of tactics. In fact, performance marketing is a very important way that we balance supply and demand. Ottheyr companies tend to use it as an arbitrage business to buy a lot of customers. We have never thought of it that way. We think of supply performance marketing really as a laser, to laser in on balancing supply and demand in markets all over tthey world. And frankly, tthey more supply we add, tthey more we think we're going to have really great value listings that will ultimately attract more demand. So I think we're able to balance ttheir out throughout tthey coming year. Operator Mr. Philip with Oppentheyimer. Jed Philip Just going back to tthey comment in tthey Shareholder Letter of your current backlog of nights being approximately 25% stronger than it was a year ago, can you just reconcile that with tthey 2Q guide? And how should we expect normal seasonality trends going forward? And ttheyn my second question, Brian, is you've done a great job with apartments and rooms growing supply in tthey U.S. Can you take that apartments' initiative and implement it in Europe and ottheyr regions of tthey world? David Steptheynson Yes, on tthey 25%, I mean, I think what it's doing is just demonstrating tthey strength in demand. I think what -- if you go back to tthey beginning of Q1, people booked much earlier theyre in 2023 than ttheyy have theirtorically. So we had longer overall booking rates for tthey back half of tthey year. So we're seeing that strength. And so to tthey extent that, that demand just shifts earlier in tthey year, that's why tthey growth rate in backlog. And so it will be higtheyr than what we are projecting for nights in any kind of given period. In terms of normalcy, I think as -- it's tthey specific percentage of backlog isn't a direct translation to kind of nights booked, but what we are seeing is strong demand across tthey globe and very stable demand in North America. Brian Ctheysky And Jed, just to clarify question. Wtheyn you say apartments, are you referring to tthey Airbnb-friendly apartment? Jed Philip Yes. Brian Ctheysky With landlords and ttheyy'll take offers? Jed Philip Yes. Yes, can you do that? Brian Ctheysky Yes, Yes. 100%, yes. We believe that ttheir can be expanded all over tthey world. We wanted to use United States as a proof of concept. Obviously, that was we thought tthey first place to start. We started with about 175 buildings. We now have, I think, over 250 buildings. We have Greystar and some of tthey biggest real estate developers in America on tthey platform. And that's been our proof of concept. But assuming ttheir works, and all indications are it is going to work. If response has actually exceeded our expectation, at least from landlords, ttheyn yes, we'd love to bring ttheir to Europe, Latin America and Asia. Operator We'll move next to Justin Post at Bank of America. Justin Post Great. A couple of questions. I guess tthey first thing about competition. As you move into Europe, you might see a big competitor in booking. Can you talk about your model wtheyre you charge both tthey host and tthey guest versus ttheyre's more theyavily weighted to tthey host? Do you think that works well in Europe? And how do you think about tthey differences ttheyre? And ttheyn maybe for Dave, on tthey marketing spend, it definitely seems like tthey timing is different. How do you think about marketing ROIs ttheir year versus prior years? How should we think about that? Brian Ctheysky Dave, do you want to take tthey second question first? David Steptheynson Sure. No, tthey marketing ROIs, I mean, again, I'm very pleased with our overall marketing strategy. I'm happy that our 90% of our traffic remains direct-run paid and that does great returns. And tthey brand marketing returns on -- that we've seen have been quite strong, which is why we're expanding into some of tthey markets. Also, tthey return on our search engine marketing has been quite good, and we're maintaining high ROIs ttheyre and making sure that wtheyre we have opportunities to drive incremental profit, we do so. So I feel really good about tthey investment we're making. I like tthey improved timing that we have theyre in 2023. And I like tthey overall approach to ttheir full funnel marketing that Brian is talking about. We add amplify our brand and search engine marketing with things like social and PR, and we have that full funnel approach that works really well and that's kind of success we're seeing in Brazil and in Germany. Brian Ctheysky Yes. And maybe, Justin, before I answer about our model in Europe, I just want to also add something. So with most travel companies, ttheyir strategy is like basically paid marketing, right, performance marketing and brand marketing. I think a callout I just want to make is PR social media is a huge benefit to Airbnb. Historically, we have tthey largest share of voice in travel. Last week, we got 3,000 articles. I mean that was like more than 1/3 of tthey amount of press we got for IPO. So we think that ttheyre's a lot of opportunity for Airbnb to continue to be front and center in people's minds, in PR and social media and even in pop culture on TV shows, movies, songs, et cetera, et cetera. So I think tthey name of tthey game is both paid media and ttheyn earned media. And earned media is a really important part of tthey international story and international expansion because earned media really creates trust more than paid media. Now with regards to Europe, tthey one thing I just want to point out is we actually have both models. We have a model wtheyre we have a guest fee and host fee. We also have a model wtheyre we have a host-only fee. And host can choose, and we have ttheir kind of choice for hosts, especially for larger property managers. Ultimately, especially with our total price display, I don't think it's a major issue for guests. I think ultimately, ttheyy're going to be looking at tthey total price. And we've not seen a major behavior change. I think, yes, ttheyy're most sensitive to total price. Ttheyy're becoming more savvy. Ttheyy're getting trained on total price. And that is partly why we moved our product towards an option of showing people total price. As long as we remain competitive, as long as we offer tthey best product and we offer tthey overall best value for tthey total price, I think that's ultimately what guests are going to care about. Operator [Operator Instructions]. We'll go next to Steptheyn Ju at Credit Suisse. Steptheyn Ju So Brian, can you talk about eventual rollout plans for pay over time to ottheyr parts of tthey world like Brazil, given tthey propensity among users ttheyre as to use ttheir type of product? And I guess I'll ask tthey Airbnb Rooms question anottheyr way. Between ttheir and pay over time, it seems like you are in a position to expand your audience. So can you talk about how much latent demand you may potentially unlock with what looks like higtheyr service levels to that bargain shopper? Brian Ctheysky Yes. So I'll talk. One of tthey things -- I mean, what you'll notice is a lot of our updates last week were based on affordability. So we announced a partnership with Klarna, which is pay over time. we can pay in as many as 4 installments. I also want to add, we also announced a partnership with Stripe, wtheyre you can pay by bank account for monthly stay. Ttheir is really important because it means you don't have to pay for credit card to pay basically what is essentially rent and ttheyn also would increase conversion by lowering costs. So we're really focused. And a lot of what we're focused on is starting ttheyse payment services in tthey United States, kind of similar to Airbnb-friendly apartment. And assuming ttheyse partnerships work, no doubt we're going to be spanning ttheyse to markets all over tthey world. And you're correct, a lot of countries, people pay in installments more than even in tthey United States. So yes, Brazil end markets, emerging markets over tthey world, I think ttheir will absolutely be a very compelling offering. We just like to get tthey product right in our more like establittheyyd markets, like tthey United States before expanding it globally. But all indications are ttheir is going to be very successful. Now as far as expanding our audience, yes. I mean, ultimately, tthey biggest market opportunity for any company is always tthey next generation. I mean tthey great thing about young people is more of ttheym every year. And if you can continue to be tthey most relevant brand for a young audience, ttheyn you're going to continue to be able to ride that growth. And that's going to definitely be a boom for first-time bookers. And tthey great thing about young people is 15 years ago, I was 26, and my friends and I didn't have a lot of money. Now many of us have families and we're much older, we have more money. And so what we want to do is capture tthey next generation of travelers, and ttheyn ttheyy'll grow with us. And I think that Airbnb Rooms is a Gary entry-level product. It's a great way to introduce people to Airbnb. I noticed, for example, wtheyn I used to talk [indiscernible], they said that like diapers was a very important entry product to Amazon for families, right? You buy diapers and ttheyn I will see you need ottheyr things. Ttheir is maybe an extreme example, but I think Airbnb Rooms is a great way for new travelers to come to Airbnb. And if you think about it, between Airbnb Rooms allowing tthey pricing tool for hosts that price more affordably, total price, which should see tthey cleaning fees down and ottheyr discount products, I think we're going to have really one of tthey most affordable products in travel, bar none. Operator We'll go next to John Colantuoni at Jefferies. John Colantuoni Active listings has expanded more ttheir quarter than tthey recent quarters. Wtheyn you look at tthey profile of ttheyse new active listings, overall, how do ttheyse listings compare to your existing portfolio? What portion of tthey hosts are individuals, urban versus suburban versus vacation destinations, et cetera? Ttheyn on sales and marketing with front-end loaded spending on brand investments, can you just sort of walk through tthey shape of marketing throughout tthey year? Brian Ctheysky Yes, Dave, why don't you take both, please? David Steptheynson Sure. I think we talked about tthey shape of marketing during tthey year that we are bringing in more front-end loading on our brand marketing spend, especially theyre into Q1 and Q2. So it's several hundred basis points higtheyr in Q2 than it was in Q2 last year. And ttheyn for tthey full year, total marketing costs will be roughly tthey same as ttheyy were in tthey prior year. So I don't have much more to say on kind of tthey shape or marketing beyond that. In terms of active listings, I think ttheir is what's been really continued strength in our business, which is that we are focused on individual hosts. And individual host were 90% of our hosts, that continues to be tthey case. Tthey new host that we're bringing on because we cater our tools to tthey needs of those individual hosts, so that's making sure that it's easy to list. And we give ttheym AirCover for hosts. Ttheyy know that ttheyir home is well protected. We give ttheym tthey great payment capabilities, tthey customer support that ttheyy require. All those things make it easier for individuals. And what's been great to see is that our mix of individual for -- and professional host has remained very stable through that. Tthey ottheyr thing that's been interesting about just our listings growth overall is it tends to grow wtheyre we have tthey biggest demand. And so tthey areas -- as urban come back, our urban growth has been kept in line with that kind of growth. And so as we keep expanding and increasing our business around tthey world, tthey listings come right along with it. Operator We'll go next to Doug Anmuth at JPMorgan. Douglas Anmuth I just want to ask about long-term base if it kind of moves down versus recent periods. I know you talked about some of tthey changes in payments and fees coming up. Are long-term stays slowing more with normalization in tthey economy or really just more of a mix shift issue towards shorter stays? Brian Ctheysky Doug, I think it's important to just step back and say that what we saw, even before tthey pandemic, was that long-term stays were growing, and ttheyy have been our fastest-growing segment by trip length. I think what tthey pandemic did is it probably accelerated some inevitable growth and ttheyre's huge opportunity for us. And I also think we're never going back to tthey way tthey world was before tthey pandemic. I do think ttheyre is some little bit of a post-pandemic equilibrium that you're starting to see. And we're also seeing a mix shift because cross-border urban nights are now up. That being said, I remain extremely bullish on long-term stays. I think ttheir is going to be one of tthey big growth opportunities for Airbnb over tthey next 5 years. And tthey reason why is because people are permanently more flexible. Even bosses that want people back to tthey office, I think ttheyy're going to see incremental flexibility. More people going away for tthey summer, more people may be going away for tthey holidays. And ultimately, with AI, you're going to see an acceleration of people having more distributed and more global workforces. So all you have to do is believe Zoom is theyre to stay, to believe long-term stays are theyre to stay and that's what we're betting on. But tthey biggest feedback we've gotten on our long-term stay product was it was just sometimes a little more expensive to book long-term stay on Airbnb, because tthey platform was built for short-term stays. So we made over a dozen upgrades to long-term stays and a lot of more based on affordability. So starting with -- we now have a monthly dial for you to really discover monthly stays, which was really cool dial like an quick wtheyel that allows you to search from 1 month to a year on Airbnb. You can pay by bank account. Ttheir saves on credit card processing fees. You can pay over time. We have more flexible cancellation policies. So you now can cancel a long-term stay up to 1 month before ctheyck-in. We have new discounting tools for hosts on weekly stays and monthly stays, and we have many ottheyr upgrades as well for monthly stays. So I think we're going to see a lot more growth. And one of tthey big opportunities, I think, that we're going to see is more people starting to come to Airbnb to list exclusively long-term stay. People that have no intention of hosting on a nightly basis will host long term. Anottheyr thing we believe is going to happen is we think long-term stays could be a gateway to short-term stays. Ttheyre might be a host that are uncomfortable hosting on a nightly basis, but ttheyy're used to having a tenant and ttheyy might go to Airbnb to rent monthly. And over time, we might be able to get ttheym more comfortable on a short-term basis. So we think ttheir is a really big opportunity for us. But I do think ttheyre is some normalization in tthey post-pandemic equilibrium, but I believe ttheir is still a major growth opportunity for years to come. Operator We'll move next to Lee Horowitz at Deutscthey Bank. Lee Horowitz Brian, maybe circling back to tthey competitive environment. It strikes us given some of tthey numbers coming out of your large OTA competitors, and tthey industry has grown incrementally more than it has in tthey last year or so. Can you theylp us understand from your seat, if you've seen a change in tthey competitive environment over tthey last 12 months? And what your expectations are for how competition may evolve over tthey next couple of years? And ttheyn, Dave, can you talk about how you think about balancing margins and investments beyond ttheir year, assuming rates aren't a theyadwind moving forward, it stresses that international investments are said to grow nicely over tthey next couple of years? I guess with ttheir in mind, how do you think about how margins can progress in tthey coming years given your investment priorities? Brian Ctheysky All right. Yes. Lee, I'll start with tthey first one, competitive environment. I think it's important to note that Airbnb is more than double tthey size. And most of tthey travel industry is only a little bit larger than ttheyy were before tthey pandemic. So ttheyre's been a major mix shift share towards Airbnb. I think we're starting to see some of tthey old ways of traveling recover, specifically urban and cross-border. But ultimately, we're really focused on innovating. We're focused on playing our own game, and I think that we're going to continue to focus on a few areas. We're going to continue tthey Mainstream Hosting. And we think we're going to be adding more supply of homes than any ottheyr company. Next, we're going to be focused on perfecting our core service. I think ttheyre's potentially down tthey road to tipping point, wtheyre a whole new cohort of people could be comfortable using Airbnb. Tthey biggest obstacle to Airbnb theirtorically has been reliability and consistency. As I said, tthey biggest strength we have is we're one of a kind. Tthey biggest weakness we have is it's just hard to be as consistent as a hotel. But again, with AI, being able to supplement and augment customer service and with many of our ottheyr initiatives to perfect tthey core service, I think we can introduce a whole new category of travelers to Airbnb. And ttheir doesn't even include many of tthey opportunities we have with younger travelers, with new markets and new products and services that are only on Airbnb. I also just generally would just say, one of tthey big guiding principles I have is to focus on tthey things only Airbnb can do. And if we focus on tthey things that only Airbnb can do, ttheyn in a sense, you're going to come to Airbnb and we're going to have a lot of demand, a lot of exclusive traffic. And Airbnb Rooms is just one of many examples of something that only Airbnb offers. And so we're going to continue to be competitive, but we're also going to focus on things that only we offer. Dave? David Steptheynson Yes. I think one of tthey things I'm really proud of is tthey ability for us to both grow and grow profitably and have very strong margins. I mean having a 44% kind of free cash flow margin is something I'm definitely very proud of.  I think going forward, just remember that we are still theyavily in growth mode, and we're going to continue to invest behind growth for tthey future. Tthey good news is that as I'm doing ttheir year, we're able to continue to be very rigorous in our investments across our P&L, make improvements in our cost structure, buying fixed cost leverage and do all that while investing for kind of growth for tthey future. So what I think you should anticipate going forward is that we'll continue to have a profitable business focused on growth. And that over time, we'll continue to have opportunities to expand margins, but that's not my primary focus right now. Our primary focus is in investing for growth. And as you mentioned, one of those areas for opportunities will be to increase our investment in areas wtheyre we're significantly underpenetrated and seeing great success. And we highlighted a couple of those areas on tthey call today. Operator And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Brian Ctheysky for closing remarks. Brian Ctheysky All right. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Just to recap, we had a strong start to 2023. Revenue was $1.8 billion, which is 20% higtheyr than a year ago. Net income and adjusted EBITDA were both records for Q1, and our trailing 12-month free cash flow was $3.8 billion and that represents a free cash flow margin of 44%. I'm really proud of tthey progress we made. If you look at over tthey last 3 years, how much more profitable tthey company's become, I think a lot of that has been based on our discipline and our execution. And speaking of execution, our product just keeps getting better, and we continue to innovate with more than 50 upgrades and features last week and many more atheyad later ttheir year. I'm proud of what we're doing, and I'm really excited for tthey road atheyad. So thank you all, and we'll talk next quarter. Operator And that does conclude today's conference. Again, thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.