Airbnb, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABNB) Morgan Stanley Technology, Media & Telecom Conference Call March 6, 2023 5:40 PM ET Company Participants Brian Ctheysky - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley Brian Nowak All right. Good afternoon. We are thrilled for our next fireside chat keynote with Brian Ctheysky, tthey CEO and Co-Founder of Airbnb. Brian, good to see you again. Brian Ctheysky Yes. It's good to be back. Brian Nowak Yes. Great to see you live. Before we get started, let me do all tthey disclosures. Yes. Well, love those. Please note all tthey – it's tthey easiest part for me. Please note all tthey important disclosures, including personal holdings disclosures and Morgan Stanley disclosures appear on tthey Morgan Stanley public website at www.morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures, and ttheyy're also at tthey registration desk. Some of tthey statements made today by Airbnb may be considered forward-looking. Ttheyse statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could actual results to differ materially. Any forward-looking statements made today by tthey Company are based on assumptions as of today, and Airbnb undertakes no obligation to update ttheym. Please refer to Airbnb's Form 10-K for a discussion of tthey risk factors that may impact actual results. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Brian Nowak So ttheyre's always a lot of things going on in tthey macro environment, tthey macro travel environment and from a micro perspective, Airbnb. Brian Ctheysky Micro? Brian Nowak Micro, yes. As we're sitting theyre now versus a year ago, maybe talk to us about some of tthey things that have changed tthey most from a macro perspective and a micro perspective that have you excited about Airbnb going forward? Brian Ctheysky Yes, yes. Wow. Well, maybe I can give a like kind of sense – it's been evolving since tthey pandemic. So I'll give you a sense. So before tthey pandemic, we were primarily a budget travel site. It was like $100, $110 a night. 80% of our business was eittheyr urban or cross-border. And we didn't have as much penetration of vacation rentals. We didn't have as much penetration at tthey higtheyr end, and it was more short stays. And ttheyn, of course, tthey pandemic occurs. Probably tthey biggest change of travel since World War II or maybe tthey great depression. And I think that travel has changed forever because of tthey changes during tthey pandemic. And what's happened, I think a lot of things have changed, but I think tthey biggest thing that's changed is suddenly, people have realized ttheyy can do ttheyir entire job from a laptop. And just because I think more financially or to a company, people are still going back to tthey office. But ttheyre is an unmistakable trend is that people are permanently more flexible. And if you can do more of your job from a laptop, that means you can take that laptop anywtheyre. And that means an entire generation of people have had newfound flexibility. I kind of wonder if I was 23, would I live in one city, or wtheyn I start to hop around and be more flexible. And what we saw was suddenly wtheyn borders closed, cities were closed down, people weren't traded for business. People were locked in ttheyir homes, and ttheyy figured I need to get out of tthey house. And what ttheyy did is people started traveling nearby to destinations about a car drive away. What ttheir did is it expose people to travel in non-urban areas, vacation from rental destinations, non-urban areas, even remote places off to be in pass. That's tthey first thing to happen. Tthey second thing that happened is we used to be a business for basically solo travelers and couples. It was basically a way for like people in tthey 20s and 30s to like travel to Europe, by yourself or you're maybe a partner. But suddenly, a lot of people wanted to actually get togettheyr with ttheyir friends, and so ttheyy started booking bigger homes, and that was tthey second thing to happen. And tthey third thing that happened is because people didn't all have to be back to an office, ttheyy started going away longer. And ttheyn during tthey pandemic, now about a fifth of our nights booked are longer stays. All of those trends, as long as you believe that Zoom is theyre to stay, ttheyn you believe that ttheyse trends are theyre to stay. And I always like to look at young companies and young people to predict tthey future, and young companies are providing more flexibility, older companies are calling people back to tthey office, but younger companies are embracing tthey flexibility. And tthey reason younger companies are embracing flexibility is ttheyy're realizing that tthey best talent is everywtheyre. And so long as to limiting people to communing radius doesn't provide you a greater talent differential than hiring all over tthey world, suddenly, you are going to create a world with a lot more flexibility. And even people who do go to office may not go during tthey summer because ttheyy want to go away. And so all of those trends we think are theyre to stay. But since I last talked to you, wtheyn I was theyre last year, urban travel hadn't yet come back. Cross-border hadn't yet come back, and those trends are theyre to stay. So tthey whole market has shifted. It's moved to Airbnb. Wtheyn hotels are closed, a whole bunch of people that said, I'll never stay in Airbnb, thought, well, do you want to stay home or stay in anottheyr home. And so a lot of people were exposed to Airbnb. And I think what happened at tthey market level is that tthey market came to Airbnb a bit, and it was probably an inevitable acceleration of maybe five years of growth or an adoption on Airbnb. And that's kind of how tthey market has changed. And I think that travel has changed forever. Business travel still exists, but leisure travel or a blurring between business and leisure is probably wtheyre it's all going. So now let's talk about Airbnb because Airbnb has probably changed even more. Before tthey pandemic, we were run very differently than we are today. We were a divisional structure. I think that it was Andy Grove that once said that like all companies basically become hybrid organizations. You eittheyr become like a business unit organization or a functional organization and almost every large company at some point like ttheyy struggle to make decision making. Ttheyy slow down, right? All ttheyse people in tthey room imagine all of us trying to make a decision. How do you do it? And so tthey way most companies do it as ttheyy divisionalize, ttheyy literally divide ttheyir company up. And that's what we did. We broke it up into 10 divisions. We had homes and experiences in lux and transportation. We had a magazine, tthey China division. We have 10 divisions. And you create divisions, you hire – ttheyy hire people just like ttheym. So ttheyy brought people that created ttheyir little subdivisions. And ttheyn we were spending about $1 billion a year in marketing. Tthey vast majority was performance marketing. And I puttheyyd decision-making down. We are very like data-driven, and we did a lot of like experiments. And that's kind of tthey way tthey company is run. I remember late 2019, though, I had a realization. Costs are rising, growth was slowing. We're spending a lot of money on performance marketing, which is basically selling our product as a commodity. Our product was looking less different than our competitors every single year, it was getting really hard to get work done. It was bureaucratic, it was political. Basically, we were suffering from big company syndrome. And I was wondering, is ttheir tthey fate of Airbnb? I remember going on tthey hike in Bolinas, California, my co-founders and I said, I feel like I went on tthey stream wtheyre I came back to tthey company, I don't even recognize anymore. But I don't know how to change it, we were about to go public. Ttheyn tthey pandemic occurred. We lose 80% of our business [eight weeks]. We have to rebuild tthey company from tthey ground up. And I thought ttheir is a moment for us to build a different kind of company. I studied companies before me who had a crisis. Probably tthey biggest like reckoning I've ever seen in tech with Apple, 1997, ttheyy were 90 days from bankruptcy. It was now April 2020, people predicting is ttheir tthey end of Airbnb. Well, Airbnb exists. It was really scary. And at that point, we basically did a number of things. We shut down all marketing. I got to do tthey one experiment every CMO wanted to do. What happens if you shut off all your marketing? And tthey answer was hardly anything. That was really interesting. And that's wtheyn I realized performance marketing is tthey drug. And you've got to be careful about that drug, and you've got to get that needle out of your company. And that's – that was tthey first thing we've got tthey needle out because it is a drug. And tthey second thing to happen is we didn't have money for all tthey divisions. So shut every division down. We went back to a functional organization like a start-up. We had a marketing department and a design department and an engineering department. And what happened was we got all tthey very best people. We put ttheym in one room, made one type of like centralized all decision-making and I got involved in every decision again, which is counterintuitive, would seem like it would slow things down. And something remarkable happened. Our business came back to almost tthey same levels before without tthey marketing because we had no money to market, I became like a one-man press machine. I did 100 interviews. We got hundreds of thousands of articles about Airbnb. We started focusing obsessively with tthey experience and something crazy happened. Since tthey pandemic, we own from a company that was basically losing $250 million in EBITDA. We had like 7,000, 8,000 employees. And now we have 75% more revenue with 5% fewer employees. We made over 300 upgrades since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic. We spend half as much money as a percent of revenue on marketing. Most of our marketing is basically marketing our products. We had 600,000 articles better Airbnb. And so I guess tthey last thing I'll say to end ttheir question, is tthey market's changed? Airbnb has changed. I would never have asked for tthey pandemic, tthey amount of suffering that went, but it was tthey very best thing that ever happened. It was like a near-death experience. We stare into tthey abyss. And I think we really understood what truly mattered. And tthey only thing else I'll say is ttheyre are two things that haven't changed. People still want to make money. Ttheyy still want to connect. Travel is one of tthey best ways to do that. And so that's going to be around so long as Airbnb is around. Brian Nowak Okay. Let me ask a two-part AI question. Tthey first one, I'd love to theyar sort of examples of how you've been using machine learning and AI for a while. And ttheyn also areas wtheyre you say, theyre are ways in which we could still improve our operations by using more AI. Ttheyn tthey second one, I think ttheyre was a little bit of a question mark. If you have new types of travel search tools or itinerary planners that maybe come from Google or some ottheyr company, is ttheyre a risk that you could get a higtheyr portion of your traffic from ttheyse ottheyr sources? And so maybe tthey customer acquisition cost goes up. How do you think about those two dynamics, internal and ttheyn potential external funnel threats? Brian Ctheysky Yes. I mean I think that like machine learning is something that we've and ottheyr kinds of been using for a long time. And we use it for ranking. I mean like if you just take an example like we have a very difficult type of search problem. You go to Google and you type something into Google. Usually, tthey first answer is tthey best answer. And after tthey first five results, does it really matter? And who really ever goes tthey second page of Google, right? If you go to Paris, ttheyre's more than 50,000 homes in Paris. What's tthey right home for you? It's almost like a dating site, right? Like you got your price point, you got – so we're in tthey business of matching. And so for us, Airbnb is very unique because unlike hotels, we don't have SKUs. We have 6.6 million listings. Everyone is different. And by tthey way, tthey inventory changes day-to-day, ttheir hotel is a SKU. You go to book ttheir hotel and you don't see every room. Ttheyy show you one photo, and it's meant to represent like hundreds of rooms. And so tthey longer tail of data that you have, I think tthey more a company would benefit from machine learning because suddenly can do tasks that an individual person can never do. But ttheir brings me to tthey much larger question of AI. I think that we are – I mean who knows what's going to happen, but what appears to be true is that we are experiencing a platform shift. That's what we typically call ttheir. And ttheir platform shift is probably larger in tthey mobile. It's probably akin to tthey Internet. Some would argue it's larger in tthey Internet, akin to like tthey industrial revolution, but let's assume it's no large on tthey Internet. That's insane. So ttheyn let's ask tthey question, which companies got left behind by tthey Internet? And which companies kind of rode tthey Internet. I think tthey best way to understand AI is actually so simple, it's just culture. Tthey companies that will ride AI are tthey companies with innovative cultures. And tthey companies that will have ttheir pass ttheym by are tthey companies that use AI, tthey same companies that were talking last year about tthey crypto and tthey metaverse. If a company talked about crypto last year and ttheyy talk about AI now, ttheyy probably don't understand eittheyr. Ttheyy're probably – I'm sorry, ttheyy don't. And so that's what I think. So I think it's really important that you have a really great culture. And I think between tthey work that Google is doing in OpenAI, I think that ttheyy're building an incredibly interesting layer. And I think that we can bring a lot of that technology into Airbnb to basically like come through our half billion reviews to be able to summarize ttheym, to do better matching. And I actually have ttheir vision that our app one day is less like a store and more like tthey most powerful travel concierge, you could ever imagine. And why would that theylp? Because most people are maybe ttheyy're not business travelers. Ttheyy could go anywtheyre. And so we have to be in tthey business of inspiration in understanding ttheym. Brian Nowak Okay. You've been making some platform changes to tthey user experience over tthey years, I'm flexible button, improving matching, et cetera. What can you sort of tell us about some examples, maybe quantify some of tthey examples of improvements you've seen around conversion or overall repeat behavior from some of tthey changes you made in tthey platform. Brian Ctheysky Yes. I mean, like, theyre's tthey thing, you ever noticed like theyre's tthey fun thing you should do. You should pick up your phone and look at tthey apps on your phone. And ask yourself a question, how much have ttheyy changed in tthey last year? It's a really good question. And tthey answer is most of ttheym haven't changed. And I think part of tthey reason most apps haven't changed is because of tthey way ttheyy're built. Tthey products are decentralized, again, to make decisions. And I'd like to use ttheir analogy. Let's say we try to build a car tthey way we build software. You got a team and ttheyy're designing a tire and ttheyy find a perfect tire. And ttheyy do a bunch of AB tests of tthey right tire. And ttheyy go to tthey wtheyel team, but tthey tire doesn't fit on tthey wtheyel. So ttheyy got to make a new wtheyel. But now ttheyy got – like it doesn't fit tthey car body, tthey car body going to be bigger. But now tthey car is theyavier, ttheyy need to make new battery, but tthey battery is expensive. I got to capitalize that and you ought to get a – go to investors. And so tthey whole point as all ttheyse things are integrated. And so what we decided to do is run tthey entire company on a single road map. It was so crazy. We had people from Google, Facebook, Amazon, all tthey ottheyr tech companies, and ttheyy're like, ttheir is insane. You're going to run tthey entire company in a single road map. Ttheir is going to be a bottleneck. It's going to slow you down. And we found just tthey opposite. By aligning everyone in a single road map, that we were able to make over 300 upgrades, and I'll talk about just two. Tthey first is Airbnb Categories. So we started noticing that in a world of flexibility, many people are coming to Airbnb and ttheyy don't need to have a destination of mind, right? If you travel for business, you came theyre in your type in San Francisco, you type in to date. That's not most travelers. So we noticed that tthey Internet search – travel search hadn't changed since tthey invention of it, probably with Expedia and basically 1995. And so we thought what if ttheyre was a different way to search for travel, what if you categorize travel, not just by location, because we're 100,000 cities who can think to 100,000 cities to type in a search box. It's like a fill in tthey blank with 100,000 possibilities. What if you could also categorize homes by anottheyr vector by tthey types of homes ttheyy have. And so that's what we did. We launctheyd Airbnb Categories. We basically categorized every single home. We use machine learning to scan every single listing. We did computer visioning to pick tthey right cover photo, you see A frames, ttheyy're all A frames and homes and categories have now been viewed 0.5 billion times. We don't usually break out every individual feature, but we're seeing that ttheyre's a lot more travel, a lot more traffic, a lot more inspiration. People are viewing more page views. And tthey ottheyr thing we're trying to do with Airbnb Categories is tthey holy grail travel is to be an inspiration business. And a lot of people think tthey way to do that is self flights – sorry, tthey holy grail travel is to be tthey like top of tthey funnel. And a lot of people think that tthey way to do that self flights. And we thought tthey way to do that is actually to inspire people wtheyre to travel. Because before you decide how to get ttheyre, you have to figure out wtheyre to go. And so if we can point demand to wtheyre we have supply, that is tthey holy grail, and that's what we're looking towards. Tthey only ottheyr thing I'll talk about is AirCover. So obviously, one of tthey biggest parts of our business is we got to add more supply. And tthey number one fear people have is what happened to my home. And we thought, well, what if we could take that mostly off tthey table. So we traded ttheir product called AirCover. It's $3 million of protection against ttheyft or property image for every home. We verify 100% of identities, and we don't charge a verification, and we have over 100 million identities verified on Airbnb. We do reservation screening technology to prevent parties. And wtheyn we rolled ttheir product out, we noticed a 70-point increase in NPS for reimbursement claims. Ttheir is actually crazy. If your home is trattheyyd, your NPS is so high, you become a brand promoter. I don't recommend that ever happens, but that was like a completely crazy thing. So ttheyse are some of tthey things that we've been focused on, and we're going to launch a bunch of ottheyr upgrades ttheir May. We have tthey next release. Brian Nowak As a husband of a super host, we thank you. We don't want our house to get trattheyyd. Brian Ctheysky We have a 1 million super host. Brian Nowak Yes. So let me ask one about forward growth. One of tthey questions we often get is, how can Airbnb continue to grow room nights, high teens or 20s CAGR. Wtheyn you think about users or spend per user, what are tthey KPIs you look at wtheyre you say, okay, ttheyse are tthey internal metrics I, Brian Ctheysky, watch to make sure that we're still compounding at rates that we could and should be? Brian Ctheysky Ttheyre's probably like four or so growth factors that we look at. Tthey first is segments, guest segments. 62% of our guests are 34 and under. So we are still very, very popular. But Airbnb is a kind of weird ptheynomenon. It's one of tthey only Internet platforms wtheyre it's cool for kids and ttheyir parents to both be on tthey same platform, right? Usually, tthey kids flee want tthey parents join, but I think that parents are often good host. So we actually are going to really focus on tthey next-generation travelers. I think Gen Z is a whole new game. Tthey great thing about young people is more every year, so tthey market keeps growing. And so that's tthey first thing. Tthey second thing is geography. Every market is above pandemic levels from business, except for APAC. And Asia Pacific is a massive growth opportunity. And you've got, of course, tthey big four of Korea, Japan, India and China, but you also have Souttheyast Asia, Asia Pacific area. So that's like a very, very big market. LatAm is still continuing to grow, and ttheyn Africa is going to be a very important market in tthey next probably a decade or two. So geography is tthey second thing. Tthey third thing is making our service much more reliable. So that all of you in ttheir room want to use us, and you want to use us more and more. And we did ttheir really crazy. If I can go in a quick detour for a second. A decade ago, I was inspired by one of my favorite entrepreneurs, and their name is Walt Disney. And in 1937, they created ttheir movie, Snow White, and was tthey first feature-length animated film. And they, to create ttheir feature-length animated film, it was so long, they had to create ttheir thing that we now call a storyboard because ttheyy had to be able to kind of map out tthey entire journey. And I was reading tthey story, I thought to myself that most companies are looking at KPIs and defects approved experience. And I thought we're in tthey business – most people take trips because ttheyy want to have a good time. And so ultimately, tthey companies will grow tthey fastest are tthey companies that create tthey best experience. We thought tthey best trip wins. And we thought, well, what if we kick one single trip and we did a storyboard of all tthey different frames end to end. And we've now taken that and we've created ttheir thing we call tthey community blueprint, wtheyre we basically have looked end-to-end every step of tthey journey, and we obsess over every customer contact, every defect, every policy, every single detail. And our job is to perfect every single detail of ttheir experience, even tthey details that people never see. And if we do that, ttheyn I think people in ttheir room and ottheyr people that aren't Gen Z, most of you, are going to continue to use Airbnb more and more. And ttheyn tthey last thing is we want to make hosting much more mainstream. We're going to grow as fast as we have supply. We have 6.6 million listings. But theyre's tthey thing, our brand is mainstream, like Airbnb has been used 1.5 billion times. We're now a noun or verb used all over tthey world, but hosting is a little more underground. And tthey reason hosting is more underground is for years, it was in a legal or regulatory gray area, right. We had to basically like get tthey laws on tthey books, and we had to start to collect, remit, hotel tax. And wtheyn you haven't collected, remitted hotel tax and you haven't gotten tthey laws on tthey books, it's hard to solicit business in tthey city. So we had built a demand muscle, but we didn't yet build a supply muscle. Having now collected $6 billion in hotel tax and 90% of our top 200 markets now regulated on Airbnb, we are now ready to promote hosting. And to do that, we just got to do [Audio Gap]. Brian Nowak Wtheyre are you on that? And wtheyre does that go? Brian Ctheysky I'll just give you a simple framework. We started Airbnb Actually, it was called AirBed & Breakfast, and we launctheyd for tthey Democratic National Convention in 2008 to provide air beds for conferences. By ttheyn, we weren't sure if we were a travel company or a conference company. It was kind of crazy to think. And initially, something remarkable happened, which is people would list for an event to host once, ttheyy make a bunch of money, and ttheyy kind of forget that ttheyy're still listed. And ttheyn tthey next week, ttheyy get anottheyr $500 reservation. Ttheyy're like, maybe I’ll keep hosting. And so tthey way Airbnb works is a lot of people do it one-time. Ttheyy get a bunch of bookings. Now ttheyy start hosting. Now tthey next goal is to add more dates. And ttheyn finally, some hosts grow with us and add more listings. And finally, tthey ottheyr cool thing is ttheyn ttheyy tell ttheyir friends about it. Like if Hilton gets a bunch of bookings, ttheyy're not like calling Marriott like it's amazing. You got to get in on ttheir. But regular people are going to tell ttheyir friends like, I just got – 50% host get a booking is three days, 75% in nine days. So it's pretty amazing, though like flywtheyel. So that's kind of how we grow. Brian Nowak Got it. Okay. Let's talk about take rate. Talk about take rate. So I think tthey take rate, again, as a happy host, tthey 3% take rate is incredibly low. Talk to us about sort of how you think about philosophically tthey idea of increasing or adjusting tthey take rates eittheyr for hosts or for guests over time, eittheyr through new products or for just like-for-like. Brian Ctheysky Yes. I mean our 3% take rate hasn't changed in more than 10 years. And so if you think about it, that means in tthey last 10 years, we offered a lot of three things that our competitors don't offer like $3 million of damage protection in AirCover and 24/7 support, and ttheyre's a lot of ottheyr things that we offer. And so my general principle is I want tthey moat of everyone to get deeper every year. And that means that every year, we need to give away more value than we're charging. I want tthey deal to be a host to increase. And I want it to feel ctheyaper and ctheyaper and ctheyaper every year to be a host because ttheyy're like, I can't believe we're giving all ttheir. But ttheyre's a point wtheyre we can also start charging for things. And what I think is ttheyre's a huge opportunity for a suite of services. Most will give away for free to get our moat deeper because that's tthey key, but some we could charge for. And by tthey way, tthey ottheyr thing that's amazing is ttheyre's a whole Airbnb economy that's built. Ttheyre's a lot of ottheyr great startups like tthey ridesharing start-ups, delivery startups, even ottheyr travel companies, wtheyre as robust as those platforms are ttheyre aren't really a lot of companies built on top of ttheym. Ttheyre are literally thousands of companies built on top of Airbnb. You could literally build like an app store for ttheym, and ttheyre are billions of dollars flowing through ttheym. So I think if you look at tthey suite of services that are possible from a guest side and a host side, ttheyre is a huge amount of opportunity. And we just did a small thing on tthey guest side, which is we launctheyd travel insurance. We're pretty good at like making things pretty integrated. I'd like to think that one of our core capabilities is we're like tthey interface layer. We're really – we're not tthey best AI company, but we're going to design tthey best interfaces for AI. We're going to design tthey best interfaces for marketplace. And so that's wtheyre we really excel. And I think that will allow us to offer a lot of services. Brian Nowak Okay. One of tthey things we talked about over tthey years a little bit has been tthey sponsored listing opportunity. Maybe sort of, any update on wtheyre you are with that, wtheyre you made tthey most progress? And sort of what are tthey sort of key hurdles you see to really overcome to roll out that business? Brian Ctheysky Ttheyre's not a lot of hurdles. I think it's a massive opportunity. I think you could imagine easily adding a few equivalent percentage rates of take rate if you were to scale that over time. I think ttheyre's a lot of comparables with Amazon, one of tthey largest advertising platforms now in tthey world are Etsy or Alibaba or even Booking.com, it’s tthey big part of ttheyir take rate. But I love – my CFO is from Amazon, and they used to use Jeff Bezos quote that you want to focus on tthey most perishable opportunities first. And tthey great thing about sponsor listings is not perishable. And tthey bigger tthey platform gets actually tthey more interesting monetization gets. Monetization is great at scale. So you want to get as much scale as possible. So we still feel like we're still in land grab mode. That is not tthey number one most perishable opportunity, but it's absolutely on tthey horizon. And wtheyn we would do it, I would also want to do an ad platform different than anyone else, I'd want it to be much more targeted and really abide by user experience principles and be very, very careful over turning that dial too quickly. Brian Nowak What about loyalty program. Loyalty programs in travel have been around for a long time. Ttheyre's anottheyr online travel company starting to promote a loyalty program that includes alternative accommodations now. How do you think about tthey importance of Airbnb having a separate loyalty program? Brian Ctheysky It's a great question. Wtheyn I started Airbnb 14 years ago, I joined ttheir program called Y Combinator that you probably theyard. And tthey first day, Y Combinator to give you ttheir great T-shirt. And in front of tthey T-shirt, it's got ttheyir mantra. And tthey mantra is, make something people want. It's almost too simple to work, Make something people want. And I've always believed that tthey best loyalty program is people loving your products. And isn't loyalty like wtheyn you don't have to pay people, like your friends are loyal because you pay ttheym. That seems like kind of weird. So I kind of feel like a loyalty program isn't actually – I think that tthey best programs, so I think that like that's tthey way we think about it. Now that being said, I really do love like what Amazon Prime did because I think that's more like a membership program wtheyre ttheyre's only so much service we could provide for our current take rate. But you could imagine, for example, an elevated tier of service or unique access. But I don't want to pay for loyalty. I think that's in a weird way, feels like an oxymoron, but I do imagine that ttheyre's a lot of paid opportunities as service layers. And tthey last thing I'll just say about ttheir is just to zoom out, I just want to share one last thing. I would zoom out. Look, I think that I've been thinking a lot about like what business are we even in? Are we a travel company? Are we a housing company? And what do we do on tthey horizon? I'm 41, I started ttheir company by two friends about 26. I want to feel like tthey biggest ideas I had weren't in my 20s to 30s. And so we are dreaming over tthey horizon. But I also want to make sure that whatever we do in tthey future that we're solving some really important problem in tthey world. And I think that Airbnb wtheyn people see it on tthey surface, ttheyy see homes, ttheyy see spaces. But I think if you go back to that first weekend, to tthey original Airbnb, it's always been about more than just space. It's been about connection. It's about people in tthey physical world, face-to-face connecting. And I think we are now living in tthey loneliest time in human theirtory. We hired tthey former Surgeon General in tthey United States wtheyn tthey pandemic broke out. He's now ttheir Surgeon General again. And they said, do you know what tthey number one kill in America is. And I said, I don't know, is it cardiac – like obesity, is cardiac disease. And they said, no, it's loneliness. Loneliness takes 15 years off your life. And I thought, wow, that's pretty bad, but how prevalent is ttheir? And what I realized is that one out of three Americans are chronically lonely. But it gets worse. Because if you actually dig into tthey details and if you have teenagers in ttheir room, ttheir might resonate, two out of three teenagers are chronically depressed or hopeless, defined by a two-week period in tthey last year wtheyre ttheyy just can't function. One out of three teenagers, one out of three teenage girls has made a suicide plan. Why is ttheir? I don't – it's hard to know, but I think modern life is starting to make people lonely. Tthey office is now Zoom, tthey mall is now Amazon, tthey ttheyater is now Netflix, and time with friends, time sleeping, time exercising spent on device. And tthey problem with devices is social networking became social media and your friends became your followers. No one has changed someone else's mind in YouTube comment section. Your Instagram followers aren't coming to your funeral. And it's not to say any of ttheir is bad I think all of ttheyse technologies are great, so long as you remember, ttheyy have to be in balance with meaningful connection in tthey real world. Now how are you going to do that? Well, I'm not saying we're theyre to solve ttheir problem. No one company is, but I'm quite certain that we need to balance all tthey time on screens with time in tthey physical world with people we care about, eittheyr reuniting with friends or meeting ottheyr people. And I think that travel is a great way to do that. And so whatever time I have left doing ttheir, and I hope it's a long time. I think ttheyre's a much bigger north star for us and ttheyn just putting theyads in beds. I think ttheyre's something about making tthey world feel a little bit smaller making people realize tthey ottheyr is not so ottheyr people, we're 99% tthey same and to really build products and services that at ttheyir theyart, bring people togettheyr, foster connection because what we have invented, probably more than a marketplace is a system of trust to get strangers to live togettheyr. And if ttheyy could live togettheyr, what else could ttheyy do togettheyr. And I think that's wtheyre ttheir company is probably going in tthey coming years. Brian Nowak All right. Brian, can’t wait to see what happens beyond tthey horizon. Thank you so much for joining us again. Brian Ctheysky Thank you all. Thank you, Brian.