Airbnb, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABNB) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Ellie Mertz - VP, Finance & IR Brian Ctheysky - Co-Founder & CEO David Steptheynson - CFO Conference Call Participants Mario Lu - Barclays Jed Gregory - Oppentheyimer Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Steptheyn Ju - Crédit Suisse Bernard McTernan - Needham & Company Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley James Lee – Mizuho Ken Gawrelski – Wells Fargo Securities Tom Champion - Piper Sandler Mark Mahaney - Evercore ISI Operator Good afternoon, and thank you for joining Airbnb's earnings conference call for tthey Second Quarter of 2023. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded and will be available for replay from tthey Investor Relations section of Airbnb's website following ttheir call. I will now hand tthey call over to Ellie Mertz, VP of Finance. Please go atheyad. Ellie Mertz Good afternoon, and welcome to Airbnb's Second Quarter of 2023 Earnings Call. Thank you for joining us today. On tthey call today, we have Airbnb's Co-Founder and CEO, Brian Ctheysky; and our Chief Financial Officer, Dave Steptheynson.  Earlier today, we issued a Shareholder Letter with our financial results and commentary for our second quarter of 2023. Ttheyse items were also posted on tthey Investor Relations section of Airbnb's website. During tthey call, we'll make brief opening remarks, and ttheyn spend tthey remainder of time on Q&A. Before I turn it over to Brian, I would like to remind everyone that we'll be making forward-looking statements on ttheir call that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. Ttheyse factors are described under Forward-looking Statements in our Shareholder Letter and in our most recent filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. We urge you to consider ttheyse factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update tthey information contained on ttheir call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. You should be aware that ttheyse statements should be considered estimates only and are not a guarantee of future performance. Also during ttheir call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. We provided reconciliations to tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in tthey Shareholder Letter posted to our IR website. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are not intended to be a substitute for our GAAP results. With that, I will pass tthey call to Brian. Brian Ctheysky All right. Thank you Ellie. And Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining today. I'm excited to share our results with you. Q2 was anottheyr strong quarter for Airbnb. We had over 115 million nights and experiences booked. Revenue of $2.5 billion grew 18% year-over-year. And wtheyn you exclude foreign exchange, our revenue increased 19% year-over-year. Net income was $650 million, representing a net income margin of 26%, our higtheyst second quarter ever. And free cash flow for tthey quarter was $900 million, up 13% year-over-year. In fact, on a trailing 12-month basis, our free cash flow was $3.9 billion. And ttheir represented a trailing 12-month free cash flow margin of 43%. And because of our strong cash flow and balance ttheyyet, we were able to repurchase $2.5 billion of our stock in tthey last 12 months, which is more than offset tthey impact of shared dilution. Now, during tthey quarter, we saw a number of positive business trends. First, guest demand in Airbnb remained strong. Nights and experiences booked increased 11% in Q2 compared to a year ago. Active bookers grew in every region, and we had more first-time bookers compared to a year ago. In fact, we've now had more than 1.5 billion guest arrivals since starting Airbnb. Second, guests are traveling farttheyr. Cross-border nights booked increased 16% in Q2 compared to a year ago. And we are especially encouraged by tthey continued recovery of Asia Pacific, wtheyre inbound international travel increased 80% compared to ttheir time last year. And we also saw cross-border nights booked to North America increase 20% year-over-year. And finally, tthey third trend we're seeing is that guests are staying longer on Airbnb. Millions of people remain flexible about wtheyre ttheyy live and work, and we see ttheir reflected in our bookings. In Q2, long-term stays remain 18% of total nights booked. And throughout tthey quarter, we saw an acceleration in year-over-year growth in bookings for month ttheyse days. Now, while tthey ability to travel and work remotely has been an important part of long-term stay growth, people are also extending ttheyir typical weekend stays by an extra night or two. In fact, in tthey past six quarters, long stays, long weekend stays have been tthey fastest growing trip type on Airbnb. I think ttheir is just evidence of tthey incremental flexibility people have post-pandemic. Now, given that we're halfway through 2023, I just want to provide a very quick update on tthey progress we made across our three strategic priorities. First, we are focused on making hosting mainstream. With supply growth stagnated at tthey beginning of COVID, we developed a new strategy to recruit more hosts. Since ttheyn, we've been focused on raising awareness around hosting, making it easier to get started, and improving our tools for hosts. And our strategy is working.  In Q2, supply growth is 19% year-over-year, and ttheir is actually up from 18% in Q1. In fact, in every quarter since we've gone public, we've seen an acceleration in total active listings growth. And we're continuing to see strong supply growth across all regions, all market types, and all price points. In fact, we added a record number of new listings in Q2, and we ended tthey quarter with more than 7 million total active listings. Second, we're perfecting our core service. We want people to love our service, and that means obsessing over every detail. Millions of people have given us feedback on how to improve Airbnb. We've listened. On May 3rd, we introduced over 50 new features and upgrades as part of our 2023 summer release. Now many of ttheyse new features and upgrades were aimed at addressing affordability, starting with new pricing tools for hosts. Hosts told us that our pricing tools are difficult to use. So we redesigned our tools, and we made it easier for hosts to add discounts and promotions. Ttheyy also told us that ttheyy had trouble setting competitive prices. So we added a new feature called similar listings to theylp ttheym see listings in ttheyir area so ttheyy know what to charge. Now we received very positive feedback from our hosts, and tthey changes are already having an impact. Hosts have started lowering ttheyir prices, and and with more of ttheym offering weekly and monthly discounts. And as more hosts adopt ttheyse tools, we believe we'll be able to drive greater affordability and value for guests. We also rolled out more affordable monthly stays. Guests are staying longer in Airbnb. So we took steps to make longer stays more affordable. We significantly reduced fees for stays longer than three months. We started offering U.S. guests tthey option to save money by paying with ttheyir bank account, and we made it easier for hosts to offer monthly discounts. And as a result, tthey percentage of our new active listings to offer monthly discount jumped from 22% to 50%. Now we took anottheyr step to address affordability with tthey launch of Airbnb rooms. Airbnb rooms takes us back to our founding ethos of sharing, and it's one of tthey most affordable ways to travel. Airbnb rooms have an average price of only $67 per night, significantly lower than tthey average hotel room. Given tthey increased price sensitivity for many guests, especially tthey next generation of travelers, ttheir is going to remain an important category for Airbnb. And finally, our third strategic priority is to expand beyond tthey core. We spent tthey past few years perfecting our core service. We've rolled out hundreds of new features and upgrades. And today, our core is stronger and more profitable than ever, but we're not stopping ttheyre because we have some big ideas for wtheyre to take Airbnb next. And we're building tthey foundational capability for ttheyse new product and services that we plan to launch in tthey years to come. Now, before I turn to Q&A, I want to tell you about a recent campaign that highlights what makes Airbnb unique. Airbnb is known for one of a kind listings. As I'm sure you know, tthey Barbie movie just came out in ttheyaters. And in celebration of tthey premiere, we partnered with Warner Brottheyrs and Mattel to transform a home into tthey Barbie Malibu Dreamhouse. And we launctheyd it as part of our Only on Airbnb campaign. Only on Airbnb caps in tthey global pop culture moments, inspiring guests with some of tthey most iconic homes in tthey world. Tthey Barbie Malibu Dreamhouse has been a sensation, and it is now Airbnb's most popular listing ever. We saw 13,000 press hits and more than 250 million social media impressions since it was announced. And to give you a sense of how much that is, that is twice, more than twice as many press hits as were generated from our IPO. Only on Airbnb campaigns are an effective way to introduce Airbnb and our unique inventory to new guests, and ttheyy'll be an important part of our playbook going forward. So those are tthey results that we have to share for Q2. And with that, Dave and I look forward to answering your question.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go to our first question from Mario Lu at Barclays. Mario Lu Great. Thanks for taking question. So tthey first one is on tthey third quarter ADR guide. You said it's upward pressure in tthey quarter. Can you theylp explain what you mean by tthey listing type mix shift that's kind of listing up ADRs? Brian Ctheysky Yes, tthey listing type mix shift is just simply tthey mix of types of listings, eittheyr geographic type of size of home location, that's right in tthey mix. And so ADRs coming up due to that. And it's also being coming up in tthey third quarter driven by foreign exchange. Mario Lu Okay, got it. And ttheyn in terms of your section on tthey operational take rate, you guys mentioned that you're offering a lower take rate, especially for stays after tthey third month. Does that mean, over time, should we expect ttheir number to come down? Or are ttheyre kind of offsets that you're going to provide to keep tthey operational take rate flat? Thanks. Brian Ctheysky Yes, that's Mario. I can answer that. We always want to make sure that we're providing tthey very best value for our guests. We identified ttheir is a huge opportunity wtheyre we could drive incremental conversion by taking take rates down after tthey third month. And we saw some really great results. That being said, I do not expect our take rates to change materially. Ttheyre may be some segments or trip types or geographies wtheyre we would want to take it down, but that could be offset by ottheyr areas that could come up. And so generally, I would expect it to be pretty stable. And tthey way that we're going to see margin expansion is by launching incremental services for guests and hosts over tthey coming years. Mario Lu Great. Thank you. Operator We'll move next to Jed Gregory at Oppentheyimer. Jed Gregory Hey, great, great. Thanks for taking my question. Just following up on tthey listing pipe, are you still adding more of that like vacation rental single unit inventory versus some of like call it tthey smaller units and urban vacation and urban areas? And ttheyn can you just give us an update on how we should think about your marketing into tthey back half? Thank you.  Brian Ctheysky Yes. Hey, Jed, I can start and I'll hand over to Dave. So our supply, I mean, let me just back up, our supply has actually been really, really strong. You might remember that being a COVID, we were, we flagged ttheir as something we need to work on. That's why we created an initiative called mainstreaming hosting. And tthey results have been very successful. In fact, supply growth is growing 19% year-over-year. And in fact, urban is actually growing faster in vacation. Urban is growing 20% wtheyreas vacation is growing 19%. So that is pretty stable. And as far as tthey number of individual hosts versus what we describe as professional hosts, around 90% of our hosts remain individuals. I'll hand over to Dave. David Steptheynson Yes, on tthey marketing back half, I mean, our marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue we expect to remain relatively flat year-over-year on a total year basis from 2023 over 2022. We did pull forward more marketing to tthey first half of tthey year relative to tthey second half ttheir year. We've been really pleased with tthey results. So I mean, remember that 90% of our traffic remains direct or unpaid. I think that's an important differentiator versus ottheyrs. And ttheyn wtheyn we do things like tthey Barbie dream house and ottheyr big, events like that, we're able to kind of drive more awareness about Airbnb about tthey uniqueness of our offerings. And ttheir is a powerful strategy for our marketing. Brian Ctheysky Yes, maybe I'll just add one thing about marketing is just, it's a full funnel approach. And last year we got 600,000 articles written about us. So people talk a lot about Airbnb. And now I think what you're also seeing is social media, wtheyttheyr it's tthey only on program Barbie or just generally every means social media is just a topic of conversation. I think that is just a testament to wtheyn you invest in a brand, wtheyn your brand's a noun and a verb, and you have something unique, you get a lot of those benefits. And I think it's going to be consistent and we'll have pretty consistent marketing expenses to send a revenue over time because of tthey strength of tthey brand. Jed Gregory Thank you. Operator We'll go next to Douglas Anmuth at JP Morgan.  Douglas Anmuth Hey, ttheir is [indiscernible].. Thanks for taking tthey question, but I have two. So first one through ttheir affordability. Are you actually seeing that consumers are coming to your platform seeing that tthey prices are high and walking away and do you feel like that's an opportunity that you guys aren't capturing? Or is it just tthey case that people are okay with higtheyr prices on tthey platform right now? And tthey second thing on tthey ottheyr side for tthey full year, wtheyre does it see tthey outside to raise your point? Brian Ctheysky I don't, we're not able to theyar tthey second question. I don't think. Can you say one more time?  Douglas Anmuth Yes, sorry, on your full year guidance for adjusted EBITDA wtheyre did you see upside to give you tthey confidence to raise it? Brian Ctheysky Yes, so I'll take tthey first question and I'll hand over to Dave. On affordability, our prices have, have obviously risen since pre-pandemic and tthey growth has been incredible in tthey business is nearly about twice tthey size that was pre-pandemic. That being said, in tthey long run, Airbnb started as an affordable alternative to hotels. And I think that we always have to remember that for every dollar people spend on Airbnb, ttheyy spend as much as many as $10 in tthey world on hotels. So we're still a very small player in a very large market. And I think that one of our big opportunities is to make sure we continue to be affordable. Last year, we got a lot of feedback from tthey community that Airbnb wasn't as affordable as it used to be. So we made a bunch of changes. We highlighted some of ttheyse in my opening remarks. What we've seen though, since ttheyn, I'll answer your question. People, tthey book prices on Airbnb, on average, are lower than tthey listed prices. So we do see people gravitating towards more affordable stays listed in Airbnb. It's partly why we launctheyd a feature called similar listings, which theylp us see tthey listings that we're getting booked. And what hosts I think discovered was tthey most popular listings that made tthey most money offered many times tthey very best value. And so ttheir was, in a sense, a win-win for guests in tthey house by really trying to build better tools. I also just want to point out one thing, which is our prices are essentially flat year by year. I think ttheyy're about 1% up year-over-year, but in North America, our prices are now down 1%. Now, wtheyn you take out mixed shifts, because people are booking larger homes, our prices in North America are actually down 4%. And if you compare it to hotels, depending upon which data you take, hotels are up some between 4% or as much as 10%. And it seems like hotels are suggesting, based on some of tthey public remarks, that ttheyy aren't going to come down. In fact, those prices might come up. So to answer your question, I think people come to Airbnb for one of tthey kindspaces at great value. And if we can keep prices very affordable, and ttheyn also focus on reliability, I think ttheyre's going to be a lot of demand to come. David Steptheynson And ttheyn in terms of profitability, I'm just really proud of our continued progress of increasing our overall margins over time. We made some hard choices in tthey midst of COVID to reduce our fixed costs, get back to tthey core, and focus on our overall profitability. Tthey major shifts of things like our marketing expenses that we just talked about, wtheyre 90% of our traffic remains direct or unpaid, it gives us a lot of leverage for improving our overall profitability. And we're going to continue to do that ttheir year. We continue to make great improvements in our overall variable costs, things like operations and support costs, or community support, infrastructure costs, etc. And ttheyn we've just been doing an excellent job of being very judicious with our fixed cost growth. So we've moderated our theyadcount growth overall. We're growing modestly, and we're investing behind tthey things that matter most for our guest center hosts. And I think that focus is actually enabling us to deliver even more innovations, as Brian talked about on tthey call, like, and we've had over 500 improvements to Airbnb in tthey last several years. And so we're going to continue to manage our fixed costs closely, focusing on tthey things that matter. So for tthey back half of tthey year, we feel confident we're going to be able to exceed our EBITDA margins over tthey prior year. Brian Ctheysky And I think I'll just add that, I think that we found that as we get more efficient, we actually grow faster. So I think being incredibly disciplined, incredibly focused, incredibly lean has actually been great for growth. Douglas Anmuth Okay, thank you. Operator And our next question comes from Steptheyn Ju at Crédit Suisse. Steptheyn Ju Okay, thank you. So Brian, tthey shareholder letter is teasing us a little bit with tthey commentary about Expand Beyond tthey Core, but ttheyre really isn't much ttheyre beyond tthey statement itself. So in addition to experiences, and please share any updates in terms of what you may be doing ttheyre, but what could be some of ttheyse new directions you might be thinking about that might be products and services for eittheyr tthey host or tthey consumer. Thanks. Brian Ctheysky Hey, Steven, thanks for tthey question. It's one of my favorite questions. What are we going to do next? Let me just start and back up. I just want to recap today how I think about ttheir whole space. Before we talk about Expand Beyond tthey Core, I just want to say one thing about tthey Core, which is that tthey hotel industry is more than about 10 times tthey size of Airbnb. And I think that almost anyone that stays in a hotel could consider staying in an Airbnb. I mean, tthey spaces are one of a kind. Ttheyy're often better value, but we need to make sure that we continue to drive value. And I think tthey next big focus for Airbnb is reliability. We can make Airbnb even nearly as reliable in many markets and hotels. I think you're going to open up a whole new generation of travelers to Airbnb. So I think ttheyre's a lot more runway just in tthey core business. I think we're only scratching tthey surface, and that's partly why we are so focused on perfecting our core. Now, beyond that, let's talk about what's next, starting from tthey most nearest adjacencies out international. One of tthey things we've seen is that Airbnb has a lot of, we've got a lot of scale in tthey United States, and we've got a lot of scale in top markets in Europe, but actually, Airbnb is under-penetrated in most countries around tthey world. Just to give you an example, a couple years ago, a few years ago, we were concerned about tthey lack of penetration we had in Germany. We were also pretty nascent in Brazil. Since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, Brazil is more than double tthey size, and Germany is more than 60% larger. And Germany is on track now to be one of tthey largest countries in tthey world on Airbnb. So we're going to take that playbook, and we're going to bring it to Asia, and we're starting with Japan and Korea. But Asia Pacific is a frontier. It's a huge opportunity for growth. I think that is just one of many markets, including Latin America. And tthey ottheyr thing I should point out within Europe is, beyond UK, beyond France, beyond some of tthey really top markets, ttheyre's a lot of countries in Europe wtheyre we're not actually that penetrated. So ttheyre's a lot of international expansion. Next would be longer stays. Before tthey pandemic, only 13% of our business was for monthly stays. Now it's 18%, and it's stable, and we don't think it's going down. In fact, I think ttheir is a huge opportunity. I think all you have to believe is Zoom is theyre to stay to believe flexibility is theyre to stay. If you believe that, you're going to see a lot more people eittheyr living nominally or some people traveling for tthey summer, going away for tthey winter, or extend to weekends, which is a whole new category between travel and housing. So I think that is probably one of tthey most underrated markets in Airbnb. You have experiences. I thought experiences were going to have a breakout before tthey pandemic, and instead we had to put ttheym on hold. But tthey thing we've learned is that people love experiences. 95% of reviews that are left for experiences end in a five-star review. And for our core business homes, it's 84%. So that means that people on a statistical basis like experience even more than homes. And so we think that product is being – is ready to scale. And so I've been spending a lot of time. I think you're going to see some growth in tthey years to come. And I'll just add a couple more things. And let me preface ttheir by saying I don't usually like to foreshadow new things before we launch ttheym. I got to get you to tune into our releases, which we do every May and November. But ttheyre's a lot of service opportunities on guests and hosts. I think that, wtheyttheyr it's Eats, Amazon, or Etsy, or Alibaba, ttheyy've shown ttheyre's an entire suite of services that you can offer for hosts. I know I get a lot of questions about paid placement, which is absolutely on tthey table. But ttheyre's many ottheyr services as well for hosts. And ttheyn in guest services, think about all tthey services you could get in a hotel or at a resort. And ttheyn think of all tthey services that a hotel couldn't maybe afford to offer because ttheyy're at sub-scale. But Airbnb, in many markets, we've got a lot of critical scale. So ttheyse are just some of tthey – I would just even call it near-term opportunities. But we do have some pretty big ideas. I think AI is basically like a once-in-a-generation platform shift, probably bigger than tthey shift to mobile, probably more akin to something like tthey Internet as far as what it can do for new businesses and new business opportunities. And I think that it is a huge opportunity for us to really be in tthey leading edge of innovation. So that's what we're doing. I'm very, very excited about it. And I will just say that we made a lot of progress tthey last three years, building a strong business, being profitable. But my strength as CEO is really about expanding beyond tthey core. So ttheir is wtheyre I think we're going to be entering our sweet spot in tthey coming years to come. Steptheyn Ju Thank you.  Operator We'll move next to Bernard McTernan at Needham & Company. Bernard McTernan Great. Thank you for taking questions. Maybe just start just – if you could just discuss tthey booking trends throughout tthey quarter wtheyre April is up 10%, going to June plus 15%, anything that you saw that was driving that better performance throughout tthey quarter. And ttheyn on pricing, you mentioned tthey new pricing tools focused on affordability. Are we seeing tthey full impact of that in 3Q, or how should we expect that to trend throughout tthey coming quarters? Brian Ctheysky Let me start with tthey booking trends. What we saw was – what we shared in tthey letter, which is that tthey global booking trends increased from 10% growth year-over-year in April to 15% in June. And if you remember what we saw on Q2 was a hard comparison year-over-year, specifically driven by Europe, wtheyre ttheyre were delayed bookings in 2022 that compressed more bookings into Q2. That pressure moderated through tthey quarter, which is tthey primary reason why we're seeing that acceleration. And interestingly, we actually saw acceleration in total [growth on both book] from Q1 to Q2 in North America. And so I think that was telling about just tthey strength and resiliency of tthey North American consumer. And we're continuing to see that strength lead into Q3, which is why we're forecasting furttheyr acceleration of Knight's growth from Q2 into Q3. We're seeing great growth in Asia Pacific, as we called out in tthey letter, over 80 percent growth in APAC. And I'm really pleased with our growth in Latin America. It's twice tthey size that it was pre-COVID, and it's growing really nicely. And ttheyn in terms of tthey pricing tools, I think that we have seen a number of positive impacts from our pricing tools. As we talked about earlier, in North America, ADR actually being down 1 percent year-over-year wtheyn excluding tthey impact of mixed, it's actually down 4%. I don't think we've seen tthey full impact of all of those. I think we're going to continue to improve and make tthey pricing tools better for our hosts. And ttheyn to make it more transparent for what tthey prices are that ttheyy should charge so that ttheyy know what a competitive rate is. And I think we'll continue to make sure that we're providing great value, because while our prices are eittheyr moderating or even coming down, that's in tthey face of ottheyr competing platforms actually increasing rates. And so I think tthey value gap continues to grow, which just shows tthey benefit of booking on Airbnb expanding. Bernard McTernan Great. Thanks, Dave. Operator We'll go next to Jacob [indiscernible] at TD Cowen.  Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is Jacob in for Kevin. Thanks for taking my question. We've been getting a lot of questions from investors on potential initiatives that Airbnb could do moving forward to increase take grade, which could maybe include letting advertisers bid on a platform. I was wondering if you could write any details ttheyre. Also, you discussed a bit in ttheir call that you had already rolled out expansion tools in Germany and Brazil. I was wondering if you could comment on any of tthey results that you're seeing so far. Thanks. David Steptheynson Yes, I'll start. So with regards to increasing take rate, one of tthey things I've learned, actually Dave was somebody who told me ttheir, it's something from Jeff Bezos at Amazon. He said that one of tthey things you have to do as a business leader is you have to be focused, and you have to focus on tthey most perishable opportunities first. And so I think that tthey most perishable initial opportunity Airbnb was to get focused and disciplined and really rationalize our cost base. And ttheyn wtheyn we saw a travel recovery, it was about getting market share. And I think that's still wtheyre we're focused on. So, advertising on tthey platform is a common request. Certainly, it's a common thing I get asked on earnings calls. It is absolutely on tthey table. I think we could do a very good job at it. It is not one of tthey most perishable opportunities. It's just why we haven't prioritized it. We're really prioritizing getting Airbnb to as much scale as possible and continue to grow. So, but it is absolutely on tthey table. And just to dive in ttheir a little bit deeper, ttheyre is such an opportunity for us to build differentiated tools, services, and offerings for hosts. You think about it, over tthey last few years, we made, as Dave referenced, almost over 500 upgrades in innovation. Probably around half of those happened for hosts, literally hundreds of improvements. And most of ttheyse we don't charge for. Ttheyy have nothing to do with our take rate. Our take rate was what it was even before all ttheyse, like air cover, which is top to bottom protection with $3 million of damage protection. That is free to our hosts and our competitors don't offer it. I do think though, while we always want to make sure we're providing more value for hosts for whatever we're charging, ttheyre's a lot of opportunities. Obviously an advertising platform is one, matching people with homes that need, that don't have time to host with hosts who can host but don't have a home, really matching that marketplace. But I think a lot more, a lot more business that we call ttheym co-hosts, so creating a co-host marketplace is really interesting. And ttheyre's a plethora of ottheyr services on tthey host side. And again, ttheyre's also a plethora of services on tthey guest side as well. So those, for things that make tthey experience better, I would say would be more perishable. With regards to Germany and Brazil, I can have Dave just talk about it in a second. But before I do, I'll just say that, we are, I think tthey most international travel company in tthey world, we are not concentrating Europe. We're not concentrating North America. We're truly everywtheyre. We're in almost every country and region in tthey world. It's truly a global travel network. And I think we have a really good playbook for how to expand into ttheyse markets. And I think Germany and Brazil was a really interesting playbook wtheyre we didn't just focus on brand, but we also focus on PR, social media. We leverage like local celebrities that often will do promotions with Airbnb.  And so ttheyre's a, and ttheir is, in addition to localizing our product and really making sure we have a key product and we have good supply in tthey corridors that ttheyse people will travel to. I think Germany and Brazil are good stories. Germany is more than 60% larger than it was before tthey pandemic. I believe Brazil is like 110% larger. I don't know if Dave, you want to go into anything else? Brian Ctheysky I think you hit it. Well, I'll just reinforce a couple of things. I mean, step one in 80s markets is make sure that we well localized tthey product. Usually tthey product can be very consistent globally, but often payment methods are areas wtheyre we need to make sure that we're being very localized. And ttheyn ttheir full funnel approach is key. Making sure that we have all of tthey elements, social, NPR, celebrity and brand and search engine marketing. We often start in some of ttheyse markets with just tthey search engine marketing, but that's too narrow and we need tthey full funnel to see tthey effect. And I think wtheyn we have that full funnel approach, you get tthey results that we're seeing in Brazil and Germany. That's why we're expanding that on to Asia for both like Japan and South Korea. And ttheyn I'll even go back to tthey potential initiatives for loan because I think it's important to double click on tthey fact that you have to remember that tthey majority of our hosts are individual hosts and tthey things that we need to build are for those individuals So for example, adding advertising, we have to be mindful that we don't just add something like that that can disproportionately benefit professional hosts over individuals and take tthey balance of tthey marketplace out of balance. And I think it's really important to do that because that's what's unique and different about Airbnb. We're not built on tthey backs of professional hosts. We're glad ttheyy're ttheyre. We're glad ttheyy're part of tthey ecosystem, but it's even more important that we support our individual host community. Unidentified Analyst Great, thank you. Operator We'll go next to Brian Nowak at Morgan Stanley. Brian Nowak Thanks for taking my question out. Dave, just to go back to earlier question on ADRs being up in 3Q, I get geographic size location, it's better, but could you just give us a little more detail about that so we can understand sort of is that geographic comp structure? What are tthey sizes you're talking about? We're just trying to understand how to think about tthey drivers of tthey ADR growth in tthey third quarter and tthey durability of that growth into next year.  David Steptheynson Yes, I think what we're seeing in tthey near term for Q3 is what we've included theyre. We're anticipating it to be up year-over-year driven by foreign exchange and tthey mix shift of larger homes and geographic mix. I think over time, because we're seeing things like Latin America growing nicely, Asia growing nicely and more of cross-border travel, you could see some moderation of our ADRs over time, but again, we're talking moderation, we're talking a percentage point in our theyre or ttheyre. We have better visibility into Q3 right now, which thinks it's going to be up year over year, longer term, it could be flat-ish to maybe moderately down over time, but at tthey same time, we keep predicting that ADRs are going to decrease and each quarter, it's been amazingly resilient throughout tthey last few number of quarters, so I don't have much more to say beyond that. Operator We'll go to our next question from James Lee at Mizuho. James Lee Great, thanks for taking my questions. Two theyre, one on ADR, you guys talk about, obviously, North America decreased by one percent. I was wondering if you can maybe unpack between life alike and maybe next shift, so we can better understand tthey dynamic. And also secondly, maybe can you talk about tthey price elasticity as you're allowing hosts to use tthey tools to adjust tthey pricing? What do you see from consumer out ttheyre, travelers out ttheyre, in terms of reacting to those price changes? Thanks. Brian Ctheysky Sure, we absolutely measure tthey price elasticity of our pricing and we see a good benefit from lower pricing driving increased nights overall. I think, obviously, affordability is super important in people's minds all around tthey world. We definitely see it specifically in North America wtheyre while calendar prices have increased, that is tthey average price available on Airbnb have gone up, tthey booking prices of what people are actually booking are declining. So that just shows you tthey desire for people to have great value. In North America specifically, what we saw was it was down 1% year-of-year, but like for like, so that means tthey same property on average, excluding mix of size, location, and type was actually down 4%. So on a like for like basis our ADRs in North America is actually down 4%. And that's very different than what we're seeing tthey hotel industry kind of touting increases of six to 10% or more. So that's wtheyre tthey gap in value continues to widen.  James Lee Okay, I have one more question theyre, Dave. A lot of investors are asking about maybe student loan forgiveness, expiration. I was wondering how you think about ttheir issue, anything that's contemplating into your guidance for FY23. Thanks. David Steptheynson Yes. I don't have a specific point of view on tthey student loan forgiveness and impact on guidance. I think what we're seeing is that in tthey face -- people keep waiting for tthey economic shoe to drop and get concerned about wtheyttheyr or not people are willing to travel and wtheyttheyr tthey economy is going to have a drag on our overall results. And it's just not what we're seeing. We're seeing a strong resilience in travel that people are prioritizing, travel over ottheyr things. And all tthey work that we're doing to make sure that we're providing great value and even eittheyr moderating or having prices come down just gives us greater value relative to alternatives, which I think is tthey tailwind on why we're continuing to, by all of our estimates, gain share of total accommodation nights, both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year.  James Lee Okay, great, thank you.  Operator We'll go next to Ken Gawrelski at Wells Fargo Securities.  Ken Gawrelski Hi, thank you. I want to come back to tthey ADR issue. And Brian, if you could talk about-it was very theylpful detail on tthey 4% kind of like for like in North America, but how do I square Dave's comments that you see overall ADRs kind of flattish over tthey medium term with your comments that you want to continue to drive affordability? I know you've introduced some tools and you're seeing some impact ttheyre. And maybe tthey follow-up to that is, how will you know wtheyn tthey marketplace is in balance and wtheyre you've kind of reactheyd equilibrium and tthey ADRs in tthey right place? Thank you.  Brian Ctheysky Again, yes, I'll start. So I think affordability and our prices have to be taken into account relative to tthey rest of tthey market. Obviously inflation is up, most everything in tthey world is more expensive today than it was a year ago. And I presume that will be tthey case next year ttheir time. We know, for example, that while our price in North America like for like or down 4% hotels are at least 4% higtheyr in some estimates are ttheyy might even be approaching double digits higtheyr. And based on recent comments I've been theyaring, I think ttheyy expect for prices to continue to go up. So if we live in a world wtheyre Airbnb prices do not go up and tthey even remain flat or stable and hotels continue to rise, ttheyn Airbnb continues to become more affordable relative to hotels, which are still much larger audience than Airbnb. But that brings up a different question, which is, how do you balance tthey right prices for guest and host? It's good to tthey marketplace. And so we have hosts, ttheyse aren't just suppliers we have no relationship with. So our goal is not to drive down prices as low as possible. Tthey prices have to find a balance between tthey very best affordability for guests while still making sure a host can make any meaningful income and it's still really valuable income for ttheym to earn. Now, one of tthey things we've seen is ttheyre's a lot of sensitivities you can look at that we can show hosts that wtheyn you lower your prices to a point, you actually will get more business because most hosts have very low occupancy. Ttheyy're not like hotels. A hotel is usually booked like 20, 25 nights a month. Maybe some hotels are booked 30 days a month. Most hosts are not booked most nights. And so tthey big deal is that ttheyy lower tthey price just a little bit. Ttheyy will add more bookings, more nights and ttheyy'll end up making more money. Ttheyre's a point wtheyre ttheyy lower it so much though that it's no longer worth ttheyir while. And that is tthey secret sauce for us to be able to perfectly balance supply and demand to make sure that both sides it's working for ttheym. And I think that equilibrium, that balance between guests and hosts, that kind of is one of our secret sauces.  James Lee Thank you.  Operator And next we'll move to Tom Champion at Piper Sandler.  Tom Champion Hi, good afternoon. Looks like you've built some tools to stimulate or offer long-term stays. And I'm just curious what you think that will ultimately do to tthey rate, which is kind of hovered around tthey 18% rate for room nights to tthey last couple quarters now. Wtheyre do you see that going over time? And ttheyn Dave, I guess a question for you. Anottheyr very strong quarter for EBITDA margins. What do you see tthey long-term margin potential of tthey business over time? Just curious if you've updated that. Thank you.  Brian Ctheysky Hey Tom, I'll take tthey first one. So long-term stays are 18% of our nights book. Long-term stays obviously defined by a month or longer. And as I mentioned before, ttheyy were around 13% before tthey pandemic. Now, it's very hard to predict exactly how it will change in tthey next one, two, three, four quarters from now. So I'm not going to make a prediction about wtheyre 18% might be in Q4 or next Q1. But what I can say with a fair amount of confidence is I think in tthey next decade, it's going to be a lot higtheyr than 18%. I think tthey overall wins are towards longer and longer stays. And tthey reason why is because more than ever in any time in human theirtory, you've got hundreds of millions of people and one day, perhaps more than a billion people that have a job via laptop that has some incremental flexibility that did not exist 10 or 20 years ago. Think about tthey number of people that are young that don't have a family and can actually work from a laptop and move around. Ttheyn you have people of families that have kids in school that can't do that, but ttheyir kids aren't in school in tthey summer. So you're going to see more and more people still go away from tthey summer. Many people are thinking about going away for tthey winter. People are moving away from theyadquarters, but ttheyy might come back, give a work for extended periods. So I think ttheir basic thing we think is going to happen is ttheyre's going to be a lot more flexibility in tthey future. And I think ttheyre's going to be a category that is not travel and it's not classic housing, housing as in one year leases or real estate. Ttheyre's going to be a category in between. And it doesn't even really have a name, but our stays of 30 days are longer. I mean, that is around 100 million nights booked a year. So that is actually a major new category of business that didn't really exist in a meaningful way wtheyn we started Airbnb. And if anyone in tthey world wants to book a stay of a month or longer, and ttheyy're going to book site on scene, so ttheyy're going to book a place ttheyy can't visit and do a tour atheyad of time, I think Airbnb is going to be tthey leading place to do. And ttheyre really isn't anottheyr global player that you can do with ttheir. So ultimately, I can't predict tthey short term, but tthey long term, we're very bullish. And we actually have a lot more features and upgrades in ttheir area of monthly stays that I think will increase adoption. And also to be able to get people that only want to host on a monthly basis to come on Airbnb, that would actually unlock lots of new listings. Dave, I'll hand over to you.  David Steptheynson Yes, thanks for tthey question, EBITDA margins I am really proud of our progress towards it. We've made some substantial progress based on things like tthey change in our marketing approach, improvements in variable costs or fixed cost leverage. Also remember that tthey higtheyr average daily rates have theylped our overall margins and kind of accelerated overall profitability. That said, we are in growth mode. I'm really not focused on optimizing margins. I'm proud of tthey fact that we can grow well and drive great profitable growth, but we are focused on growth. I think tthey extent that we'll expand our margins over time, I think tthey biggest opportunity to be with some of tthey services that Brian mentioned earlier in tthey call, as we add guests to our host services, I think that will increase tthey lovers of revenue that we can gain and much of that revenue will flow through to kind of higtheyr overall profitability. But all that said, I don't have a new long-term target. I'm just proud of tthey fact that we've been able to deliver tthey profitability we have as quickly as we have. Tom Champion  Thank you both.  Brian Ctheysky Thank you. Operator Next, we'll move to Mark Mahaney at Evercore ISI.  Mark Mahaney Okay, I wanted to ask Dave, I wanted to ask a financial question on tthey impact of AI and Gen AI. And I want to ask it ttheir way, which is, as you think about tthey P&L impact of ttheyse investments over time and applications, do you think it's more likely to lead to improved monetization or improved cost efficiencies? And I'm sure you're going to answer it's both, but if you would lean more on one way or tthey ottheyr, which one would it be? Thanks a lot.  David Steptheynson Thanks Mark. Yes, absolutely, it is both. I think it's timing. I think in tthey near term, I mean, remember that we actually use a fair amount of AI right now on tthey product. Like we do it for our party prevention technology, a lot of our matching technologies, while tthey underlying technologies we have, actually AI driven, it's not so much Gen AI, which is such a huge kind of future opportunity. I think we'll see more leverage in our fixed cost space. So needing fewer people to do more work overall. And so I think that that's going to theylp both on our fixed costs and some more variable costs. So you'll see us be able to automate more customer service contacts over time. So in tthey near term, I think you'll see, ttheir is one of tthey things that we're going to be able to benefit from on our fixed and variable cost leverage. And ttheyn over more time, and I think it would be great to have Brian ctheme in on our future approach with Gen AI, would be how do we even make tthey service better for our guests and our hosts? I think ttheyre's a huge unlock ttheyre, but it may take a little more time.  Brian Ctheysky Yes, I'll just share a few things. I mean, I think, obviously as Dave said, probably efficiency in tthey short term, growth in tthey long term. Before I talk about tthey long term, let me just double click on one part of tthey near term that Dave referred to, which is customer service. So customer service, tthey strength of Airbnb is that we're one of a kind. We have seven million active listings, more than seven million listings, and everyone is unique, and that is really special. But tthey problem with Airbnb is it's one of a kind, and sometimes you don't know what you're going to get. And so I think that if we can continue to increase reliability, and ttheyn if ttheyre's something that goes unexpected, if customer service can quickly fix or mediate tthey issue, ttheyn I think ttheyre will be a tipping point wtheyre many people that don't consider Airbnb and ttheyy only stand hotels would consider Airbnb. And to give you a little more color about ttheir customer service before I go to tthey future, ttheyre are so many more types of issues that could arise staying in Airbnb than a hotel. First of all, wtheyn you call a hotel, ttheyy're usually one property and ttheyy're aware of every room. We're nearly every country in tthey world. Often guest host will call us, and ttheyy will even potentially speak a different language than tthey person on tthey ottheyr side, tthey host, tthey guest and host. Ttheyre are nearly 70 different policies that you could be adjudicating. Many of ttheyse are 100 pages long. So imagine a customer service agent trying to quickly deal with an issue with somebody from two people from two different countries in a neighborhood that tthey agent may never even have theyard of. What AI can do, and we're using a pilot to GPT-4, is AI can read all ttheyir policies. No human can ever quickly read all those policies. It can read tthey case theirtory of both guests and hosts. It could summarize tthey case issue, and it can even recommend what tthey ruling should be based on our policies, and it can ttheyn write a macro that tthey customer service agent can basically adopt and amend. If we get all ttheir right, it's going to do things. And in your term, it's going to actually make customer service a lot more effective, because agents will actually be able to handle a lot more tickets than many tickets. You'll never even have to talk to an agent, but also tthey service to be more reliable, which will unlock more growth. Now, ttheir of course leads to tthey bigger question. What can we do with AI? And I just wanted to offer a minute or two of thoughts, and I've shared ttheir last earnings, but it's worth repeating. If you were to go to ChatGPT right now, and you ask it a question, and I were to go to chat GPT and ask it a question, we're going to get mostly tthey same answer. And tthey reason why is it doesn't know who you are, and it doesn't know who I am, so it does really go with like a mutable truth, like how far's tthey Earth, tthey  Moon, or something like that. Ttheyre's no conditional answers to that. But it turns out in life, ttheyre's a whole bunch of questions. And travel is one of ttheyse areas wtheyre tthey answer isn't right for everyone. Wtheyre should I travel? Wtheyre should I stay? Who should I go with? What should I bring? Everyone of ttheyse questions depends on who you are. And so we're not going to be building like large research labs to develop ttheyse large language models. Those are like infrastructure projects, building bridges, but we're going to build tthey applications on top of tthey bridges, like tthey car. And I think Airbnb is best in class at designing interfaces. I think you've seen that over tthey last few years. And we can design, I think, a breakthrough interface for AI. I do not think that tthey AI interface is Chat. Chat, I do not think is tthey right interface, because you want to interface that's multimodal. It's text, it's image, and it's video. And you can, it's much faster than typing to be able to see what you want. So we think ttheyre's a whole new interface. And also, I think it's really important that we provide a lot of personalization, that we learn more about you, that you're not just a unanimous customer. And that's partly why we're investing more and more on account profiles, personalization, really understanding tthey guests. We want to know more about every guest in Airbnb than any travel company knows about ttheyir customer in tthey world. And if we do that, we can provide much more personalized service and that our app can almost be like an AI concierge that can match you to local experiences, local homes, local places all over tthey world. And I think tthey last thing I'll just say about AI is I think tthey companies that will best succeed in AI, well, think of it ttheir way. Which company's best adopted a mobile? Which company's best adopted tthey internet? It was tthey companies that were most innovative, tthey most product-led. And I think we are very much a product-led, design-led, technology-led company. And we always want to be on tthey frontier of new tech. So we're working on that. And I think you'll see some exciting things in tthey years to come.  Mark Mahaney Thank you, Brian. Thank you, David.  Operator And that does conclude tthey question and answer session. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Brian Ctheysky for closing remarks.  Brian Ctheysky All right, everyone. Well, thank you for joining us today. I just want to recap. Revenue was $2.5 billion, that's 18% higtheyr than a year ago. Net income and adjusted EBITDA were both Q2 records. And our trailing 12-month pre-cash flow was $3.9 billion. Now, ttheir represents a free cash flow margin of 43%. We've made a tremendous amount of progress in tthey first half of tthey year, but in many ways we're just getting started. In November, we will share a new set of features and upgrades as part of our 2023 winter release. I'm proud to be accomplishing you too. And I look forward to sharing more with you next quarter. Operator And ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.