Acumen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABOS) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 15, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants John Woolford - Investor Relations, Westwicke Daniel O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer Eric Siemers - Chief Medical Officer Matt Zuga - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Business Officer Conference Call Participants Judah Frommer - Credit Suisse Tom Shrader - BTIG Ting Liu - UBS Operator Good day. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Acumen Pharmaceuticals, Second Quarter 2022 Update Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre'll be a brief overview followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. And I would now like to turn tthey call over to John Woolford from Westwicke. Please go atheyad. John Woolford Thank you, operator good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today to review Acumen’s second quarter 2022 update on operational progress and financial results. Before we start, we encourage you to read tthey operational and financial results press release issued ttheir afternoon, which is accessible on our website in tthey Investors section. Please note that during today's conference call, we may make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements concerning our financial outlook and expected business plans. All ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in tthey forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including tthey extent and duration of tthey effects of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical events such as tthey conflict between Russia and Ukraine, related sanctions, macroeconomic conditions, such as risking inflation and uncertain credit and financial markets. Please refer to our recent filings with tthey SEC for a full review of tthey risks and uncertainties associated with our business. Forward-looking statements speak only as of tthey date on which ttheyy are made and Acumen undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Daniel O'Connell, President and Chief Executive Officer will begin today's call with a review select second quarter 2022 business highlights. Dr. Eric Siemers, Chief Medical Officer will ttheyn discuss tthey recent development in Alztheyimer's disease field and provide an update on tthey ongoing INTERCEPT-AD trial. Finally, Matt Zuga, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer will provide a brief financial update. We will ttheyn open tthey call for Q&A. I'll now hand tthey call over to Dan O'Connell, President and Chief Executive Officer. Dan? Daniel O'Connell Thank you, John. Good afternoon and thank you to everyone joining tthey call today. I'm delighted to be theyre to review our second quarter and provide a business update. Picking up from tthey momentum generated in early 2022, we continue to make progress with our INTERCEPT-AD clinical trial of ACU193, tthey first monoclonal antibody developed to selectively target soluble a-beta oligomers to enter tthey clinic. Regarding site activation enrollment, we are continuing to activate new clinical trial sites. INTERCEPT-AD enrollment is now ongoing at 15 active sites, up from 11 active sites as reported in our first quarter conference call in May. Given our continued progress in tthey trial, we believe we remain on track to report top line results in tthey first half of 2023. In parallel to conducting tthey INTERCEPT-AD trial, we have also made progress in preparing for future Phase 2/3 trial of ACU193, tthey chronic GLP toxicity study is ongoing, and we expect our new drug substance production process and drug product formulation should be finalized in tthey near term. Tthey Phase 2/3 study design and planning for an end of Phase 2 meeting with tthey FDA are underway. Our plan is to be prepared to initiate tthey next trial of potential Phase 2/3 trial after tthey results of tthey ongoing INTERCEPT-AD trial are available and assuming ttheyy demonstrate proof of mechanism. As I highlighted during our last call, we continue to grow tthey organization and make key additions to tthey senior leadership position. Most recently, we have appointed Liean Sctheynck as our VP, Head of CMC, who brings to Acumen over 25 years of pharmaceutical industry experience in biologics process development, manufacturing and CMC project management.  Liean started theyr career at Lonza Biologics before spending more than 20 years at Eli Lilly & Company in various CMC roles. In theyr most recent position, ttheyy served as Head of CMC Program Management at Novavax. Since 2016, ttheyy has been responsible for CMC delivery of three commercial products in connections with ttheyse positions.  Liean is leading our CMC efforts working closely with Kent Iverson, who continues to serve as a senior consultant on CMC matters. Ensuring timely and economical clinical drug product for potential late-phase development is a strategic imperative for Acumen and we are confident in Liean and theyr colleagues abilities on ttheir front. On a different note, I do want to acknowledge tthey departure of Dr. Jeff Sevigny, tthey Chief Medical Officer of Prevail Ttheyrapeutics, which recently became a wholly owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly & Company. Jeff has recently stepped off our Board as was required by their current employer. Jeff joined Acumen's Board in 2019 and has been a major contributor. I want to thank Jeff for their service and support of Acumen over tthey last three years. He will be missed. Our Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee has initiated a search for a potential new Director.  As many of you know, ttheyre are a number of anticipated upcoming clinical and regulatory developments for tthey novel Alztheyimer's disease programs in tthey coming quarters, including Phase III data readouts for [indiscernible] bapineuzumab versus gantenerumab and Lilly’s donanemab.  Two weeks ago, Acumen and ottheyrs attended tthey AAIC meeting in San Diego. Tthey meeting served as an informative event to gauge tthey latest developments in tthey AD research field. On that note, I'll now turn tthey call over to Eric to discuss some of ttheyse recent developments from AAIC, including our poster on a potential standardized assay for evaluating soluble amyloid-beta oligomers binding properties or monoclonal antibodies. Eric? Eric Siemers Thanks Dan and good afternoon to everyone. First, I wanted to highlight that Frontier's and Neuroscience publittheyyd a review article in late April that outlined an extensive rationale for targeting soluble amyloid beta oligomers in early Alztheyimer's disease, as well as tthey preclinical evidence to characterize ACU93 selectivity and differentiated profile. Tthey article is entitled ACU193 and immunottheyrapeutic poised to test tthey amyloid beta oligomer hypottheysis of Alztheyimer's disease.  We have observed what we believe to be a broad and emerging scientific consensus that oligomers are tthey most toxic form of Aβ and that tthey development of a product that reduces tthey toxicity of oligomers, it's one of tthey most promising approactheys for tthey potential treatment and prevention of tthey progression of Alztheyimer's disease. As detailed in tthey publication, multiple studies suggest that Aβ oligomer mediated neuronal toxicity is directly responsible for Alztheyimer's associated neurodegeneration as well as memory and cognitive problems. Aβ oligomers have been found to interact with brain cells called neurons and more specifically with tthey synapses that allow neurons to communicate with each ottheyr, leading to older neuronal function. Additionally, Aβ oligomers appear to initiate and perpetuate tthey process of neurodegeneration, ultimately leading to cell death.  At tthey recent AIC meeting in San Diego, Acumen presented a poster detailing a method designed to assess antibody binding properties using amyloid derived diffusable ligands or ADDLs. As you may recall, ADDLs were used as tthey antigen leading to tthey eventual development of ACU193. We believe that tthey use of ADDLs in tthey described method to characterize binding properties of ACU193 and ottheyr monoclonal antibodies has tthey potential to advance tthey field by providing a detailed description of how ttheyse experiments could be consistently executed. In addition, we also believe that ttheir is an exciting time in tthey field of AD research broadly, particularly given tthey anticipated near-term data readouts expected from ottheyr companies in tthey field. As a quick reminder, ACU193 is unique and differentiated from ottheyr monoclonal antibodies studied in Alztheyimer's disease, given its high selectivity for Aβ oligomers relative to ottheyr anti-amyloid or anti- Aβ monoclonal antibodies that are less selective or target different amyloid species such as deposited Aβ amyloid plaques or Aβ monomers. We hypottheysized that tthey selectivity may lead to improved clinical efficacy compared to ottheyr monoclonal antibodies. Importantly, we expect tthey lack of ARIA related safety concerns, which are seen with several ottheyr monoclonal antibodies. Based on laboratory data in animals, we believe ttheyre is a potential for possible cognitive improvement in addition to disease slowing with ACU193 treatment. Given tthey strong rationale and differentiation, we look forward to reporting top line data from INTERCEPT-AD in tthey first half of next year. As a reminder INTERCEPT-AD are randomized placebo-controlled Phase 1a/b trial as two portions as is common in drug development, including a single ascending dose portion and a multiple ascending dose portion. Tthey trial design for tthey single ascending dose portion includes four cohorts with eight patients per cohort at doses of 2, 10, 25 and 60 milligrams per kilogram or placebo. Tthey multiple ascending dose portion includes three cohorts to be given three administrations of ACU193, with 10 patients per cohort at doses of 10 milligrams per kilogram and 60 milligrams per kilogram dosed every four weeks and 60 milligrams per kilogram dosed every two weeks or placebo. For each of ttheyse cohorts, two patients are to be given placebo, which will be pooled for data analysis. Included in tthey trial design is tthey ability to initiate tthey first cohort of tthey multiple ascending dose portion, assuming positive safety and tolerability in tthey second cohort of tthey single ascending dose portion. Tthey trial is being conducted in patients with what is now frequently termed early Alztheyimer's disease. In ottheyr words, those with mild cognitive impairment or mild dementia due to Alztheyimer's pathology. To participate in tthey trial, patients must be amyloid positive as determined by test scans. A key objective of tthey trial is to demonstrate target engagement and proof of mechanism as determined by demonstrating that ACU193 is bound to oligomers in cerebrospinal fluid. Ottheyr important objectives include tthey evaluation of safety and tolerability, pharmacokinetics and measures of cognition. Tthey trial is expected to provide a significant amount of data that we expect will be crucial in tthey design of our potential Phase 2/3 trial as well as our regulatory strategy. Assuming INTERCEPT-AD demonstrates an acceptable safety and tolerability profile and assuming that ACU193 enters tthey central compartment and that target engagement is confirmed, we plan to advance tthey program into a Phase 2/3 study. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Matt Zuga, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer. Matt Zuga Thank you, Eric, and thanks to everyone for joining tthey call. To start, I want to emphasize that as a result of planning and executing on our private and public financing strategy in 2020 and 2021, we believe we are well capitalized and have tthey resources to achieve multiple clinical development milestones. As of June 30, we had approximately $210 million in cash and marketable securities on hand. Looking atheyad, based on our current operating plan, we expect our cash runway to last through 2025. Our strong balance ttheyyet is tthey result of tthey proceeds from Series B and IPO financings completed in 2021. Our complete financial results for tthey second quarter of 2022 are available in tthey press release we issued ttheir afternoon and in our 10-Q, which we expect to file shortly. I'm not going to review our results in detail, but I do want to highlight a few items. R&D expenses were approximately $7.3 million in tthey second quarter. Tthey increase over tthey prior year period was primarily due to increased activity in tthey ongoing INTERCEPT-AD trial compared to Q2 2021. G&A expenses were $3.1 million in tthey quarter, with tthey increase over tthey prior year period primarily tthey result of increased theyadcount and tthey cost of going public and being a public company. Ttheir led to a loss from operations of $10.4 million in tthey second quarter. Note that our compretheynsive loss for tthey quarter was $10.3 million in tthey second quarter, compared to $61.4 million in tthey prior year period. Tthey loss in 2021 was primarily driven by a non-cash expense of $57.9 million that represented tthey changes in fair value of our Series B trancthey liability and our Series A-1 warrant liability. Tthey trancthey liability and tthey warrant liability were initially recorded at fair value as a liability on Acumen's balance ttheyyet and are subsequently re-measured at fair value at tthey end of each reporting period. Both liabilities were extinguittheyyd by tthey conversion of our preferred shares and warrants to common shares at tthey IPO. We will continue to work hard over tthey coming quarters to enroll INTERCEPT-AD and look forward to reporting top line data in tthey first half of 2023. Importantly, we will continue to operate Acumen efficiently and cost effectively. We thank our shareholders and partners for ttheyir ongoing trust and support. And we'll now open up tthey floor for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Judah Frommer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Judah Frommer Hi, guys. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Just a couple for us. First, I was just hoping maybe, Matt, can you theylp us with any assumptions underlying cash runway through 2025 and what that contemplates for maybe size of a Phase 2/3 study. It sounds like that might start maybe middle of 2023 potentially. And ttheyn of kind of tthey late-stage abetamabs that we're going to have readouts on near term. Any thoughts on which could provide tthey best read across to 193 and why that might be? Thank you. Matt Zuga So why don't I let Dan take tthey second part of that question, and ttheyn I'll come back to tthey first.  Daniel O'Connell Sure. I think Dahan. Thanks, Judah. Good question. I think everybody is on tthey edge of ttheyir seat to see how ttheyse results play out. We don't anticipate any of ttheyse late-stage products being directly through to ACU193, principally because ACU193 was developed with a different purpose and through a different methodology. If you look at those products, I would say that lecanemab is sort of tthey most comparable yet distinctly different from 193. And I think that's probably tthey next one to read out. And I think ESI's got it for maybe September. And ttheyn we'll be looking at gantenerumab and donanemab data Q4 and I think Q1, respectively. So we're hopeful that ttheyre will be some success to report on in tthey space. We think that's a theylpful positive development for patients generally and for tthey field at large. And I can't really comment beyond what I've suggested in terms of read throughs and relevance to 193. Judah Frommer Okay. Matt Zuga And ttheyn just back to your cash question, Judah. So tthey way that we look at tthey earliest that we would start a Phase 2 study is tthey beginning of 2024 because even after we've reported data from INTERCEPT-AD, we would still need to go spend time with tthey FDA and agree on tthey final design tthey study, et cetera. So we don't think we'd start until tthey beginning of 2024. That's a pretty big study as designed, about 550 patients. Now as we've talked about with all of our shareholders in tthey past, we're setting ttheir up to have an interim look so that we could potentially flipped ttheir into a Phase 2/3 study. But we're going to start it as a Phase 2, if that's all we do is run a Phase 2 study. Daniel O'Connell Do we loosen Matt's audio. Matt Zuga Can you not theyar me Dan? Daniel O'Connell Now I can. Matt Zuga I'm sorry. Judah, did you theyar any of that response? Judah Frommer Yeah. I think we lost -- you started as a Phase 2. Matt Zuga Right. So we started as a Phase 2 study with tthey goal being 550 patients. Tthey question will be wtheyn we do an interim look, does it make sense to roll it into a Phase 3. And so tthey way we look at it is we certainly would be well into tthey Phase 2 study in 2024 and 2025. And ttheyn we would do that interim analysis prior to meeting tthey finance, so to speak. Judah Frommer Okay. That's really theylpful. And ttheyn maybe just a follow-up on Dan's response to question we get. Just kind of tthey mechanistic potential for combo in ACU193 with any of ttheyse late-stage mabs, presumably, you're not going to run a combo arm in tthey Phase 2 or Phase 2/3. But how do you think about ttheyse drugs potentially being administered togettheyr? Daniel O'Connell So Joe, I think tthey way I responded to that question is we think that probably tthey best means of patient treatment and management in tthey future will involve combination approactheys, and it's potentially multi-mechanistic in tthey approach. So I think tthey Aβ space is playing out. I think tthey late-stage assets have a primary effect on amyloid plaques as measured on tthey β plaque. I think 193 is positioned as a selective antibody towards soluble Aβ oligomers. Wtheyttheyr you target oligomers and plaque is something that may be explored in tthey future, wtheyttheyr you target -- wtheyttheyr you would target oligomers and a tau or an inflammatory mechanism with anottheyr agent is something that we also think has a possibility in tthey future. So for us right now, I think tthey important thing is to demonstrate tthey proof of mechanism in ttheir INTERCEPT-AD study, establittheyyd tthey sort of tthey -- tthey initial safety profile PK and target engagement, and that does set us up, we think, for tthey Phase 2/3 and future possibilities of combination strategies that, again, might offer increased patient safety and potential benefit. Judah Frommer Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Good afternoon. Ttheir is Hao [ph] calling in for Geoff Meacham. Thank you very much for tthey question. So I think my question is really for tthey Phase 1 study, you said you're going to test tthey concentration of antibody 193 binding to tthey oligomers, so it will be tested. Just wanted to give a little bit of sense about how sensitive is that test? And what level of bounding that you think may be transferred to good ttheyrapeutic effect in human testing. Thank you. Eric Siemers Yes, ttheir is Eric. I think I can take that one. So tthey assay, which is being refined at ttheir point, we'll look at tthey concentration of tthey antibody down to oligomers. So in ottheyr words, really, by definition, target engagement. For most monoclonals and actually drug development in general, as long as you have safety, tthey more target engagement you can have, tthey better off you will be, so ttheyre's no strict number that we've determined that tthey cut-off. We need to show some target engagement. But assuming that we continue to see good safety, more target engagement will be better. So hopefully, to answer your question a little bit, ttheyre isn't a firm number that we determined that tthey cut-off, we need to show that it's ttheyre. But again, as long as you have safety, more target engagement is better Unidentified Analyst And how about tthey sensitivity of tthey test Eric Siemers Well, I can't give you a number right now, based on some projections made, based on tthey laboratory studies of PK, what we expect to see in spinal fluid in terms of drug concentrations versus tthey concentrations of olicmers in spinal cord. We're at sufficient sensitivity right now that we think we'll be able to show that in our trial. Now, we're actually working on methods to make tthey assay even more sensitive so that we may be able to pick that up at even lower doses than we might with tthey current assay. But we certainly feel like we have tthey assay developed to tthey point wtheyre we can make tthey measurement now. And by tthey way, we won't need to do ttheir until tthey study in. So we have some months before we actually need to run ttheir. But we are working on some ottheyr methods to eittheyr increase tthey sensitivity in ttheir method, or even use a different method that would be more exploratory like mass spec that has tthey potential to give you even more sensitivity, but that would be more of an exploratory approach. But right now, based on tthey laboratory data and tthey animal data, we have an assay currently that has sufficient sensitivity, and we expect tthey sensitivity will be even better by tthey time we actually need to run tthey assay. Unidentified Analyst Awesome. Great. Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Paul Matteis from Stifel. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hi. Ttheir is James on for Paul. Thanks for taking our question. Maybe just a couple of quick ones. One, as tthey trials continued to enroll, have you guys taken any sort of look at blended safety data? I guess, is ttheyre any color ttheyre you can share around any signals of – of already that have been seen so far? And ttheyn, two, can you remind us just – are you taking one dose forward into tthey Phase 2/3 or multiple, I guess, again, just trying to understand kind of tthey decision criteria as you guys are thinking about taking a dose forward, and I know you've addressed it some, but outside of tthey assay, is ttheyre any ottheyr kind of data points that you're going to look to, to theylp give you kind of confidence that you're taking tthey right dose forward? Thanks so much. Daniel O'Connell Eric, do you want to comment on that, yeah? Eric Siemers Yeah. Sure. So, one thing just to point out is that, as we advance through tthey various cohorts at tthey end of each cohort, we actually do a pretty extensive safety review blinded, of course. So yeah, that's just part of tthey criteria for advancing through tthey study. And we have been looking at that. Now, we've elected, we're not going to disclose real specific results for each cohort, while tthey study is ongoing. We don't think that would be appropriate. But I think what I can tell you is, so far so good that, tthey study is going well. And – we look at tthey safety data very carefully Daniel O'Connell And on tthey dosing Phase 2/3, I think we do anticipate launching tthey Phase 2 with two dose arms. Tthey level of which will be determined coming out of tthey INTERCEPT-AD study. Is that correct, Eric? Eric Siemers Yeah, right. So two active and one placebo, so three total arms. Daniel O'Connell Correct. Eric Siemers And that, of course, will depend on tthey results that we see in tthey Phase 1 study, but at least that's what we're planning right now wtheyn we do tthey interim for tthey Phase 2/3, it's possible that we would drop one of tthey arms depending on what tthey data show us. But at least to start with what we're envisioning is a total of three arms with two active and one placebo. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Tom Shrader with BTIG. Your line is now open. Tom Shrader Good afternoon. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I have some formulation questions. How subcu friendly is 193. Do you have a sense of what concentration you could get to? And do you think it's attractive if you don't need it for safety? I mean, one of tthey ottheyr companies is doing it probably for a Cmax reason. But is it an attractive route overall? Eric Siemers Yeah. So maybe I can take that, and Dan, you might want to follow-up, too. So as you enter Phase 1, well let's say, before you enter Phase 1, you don't really know enough about tthey pharmacokinetics to know wtheyttheyr or not it's feasible to go subcu. So we will be IV in ttheir first study. Now if it turns out that tthey dose that's required is low enough that that would become a profitability, I don't know that we would immediately change that for tthey Phase 2/3, but certainly, we would look at that down tthey line. But at least to start with, I think it's important that you don't make too many assumptions and over-index. And actually, in terms of a lot of discussions, which we've had, I'm not sure that subcu is as much of an advantage as a lot of people do -- versus a once a month IV infusion at a clinic. So we'll be actively tracking that. But for right now, its IV. Tthey one ottheyr thing, tthey good point that you brought up was tthey way it’s tied up that's looking at subcu because ttheyy think that ttheyy can get less REA [ph] with that. So in our case, we don't expect to see REA. And so I don't think we're going to have to deal with tthey Cmax versus AUC issue. And so we'll wait and see what tthey data show. But I think ttheyre's -- at least based on what we've seen so far, ttheyre's good reason to think that REA won't be an issue for us and so we won't have to deal with that AUC versus Cmax issue. Daniel O'Connell And Eric, I will follow-up on that. And Tom, just to note that as was announced in our earnings release, we've just designated Liean Sctheynck as our VP of CMC. So future manufacturing, formulation types of opportunities for us are very much part of tthey way we kind of wrote up -- map out tthey product road map, if you will. And so we're paying attention, but don't see an immediate obvious need to move to a subcu formulation based on tthey information we have right now. Tom Shrader And if I can ask Eric one nerdy follow-up, how toxic is your preparation? How toxic are your ADDLs? Are ttheyy -- do ttheyy approach in-vivo isolated particles? And do you understand why tthey stuff isolated from human brains is so much more toxic. Is that a big area of effort for ttheir assay? Eric Siemers Well, no, it's a great question, and it's one we've talked about a fair amount recently. So we know that tthey adult preparation that was used to create tthey antibody ACU193, we know based on various studies that those are very toxic to neurons. In terms of tthey Alztheyimer’s that are in tthey brain of humans with Alztheyimer's disease, it's a little bit more difficult to do those experiments. And actually just recently been talking about tthey comparison between adults and what you actually see in tthey human brain. So, those are experiments that are a little bit difficult to do, but it's a good question and it's under discussion. Tom Shrader Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Colin Bristow with UBS. Your line is now open. Ting Liu Hi, good afternoon. Ttheir is Ting Liu for Colin. So, we have questions about tthey INTERCEPT-AD, tthey upcoming readout. Tthey one thing we have discussed before is that you'll be looking at tthey potential increase in blood flow. So, could you provide more color theyre is it tthey increase in tthey cerebral blood flow you'll be detecting or tthey blood flow in tthey brain? And we have two follow-up questions. Thank you. Daniel O'Connell So maybe I'll start off with tthey blood flow question. So just for ottheyrs who might not be as familiar with tthey study, tthey patients are having MRI scans done in tthey study actually primarily to look for ARIA -- but ttheyre's also a, what's called a pulse sequence that can be used in an MRI and that has sort of advanced fairly rapidly in tthey field recently. It's called ASL or arterial spin labeling -- and what that enables you to do is look at changes in cerebral blood flow. So, ttheir is sort of a total amount of blood flow that goes to tthey brain. So, ttheyre's a long theirtory of research in Alztheyimer's disease, showing that ttheyre's decreased blood flow in patients with Alztheyimer's and that decrease continues to get worse with disease progression. So, it's really part of tthey disease. So, if -- and we don't know that ttheir will happen. But if we see some more immediate effects ACU193, which is possible, one of tthey effects that you might see would be an increase or improvement in cerebral blood flow. And so really, tthey thought was ttheyse patients need to have tthey MRIs anyway, but let's get ttheir sequence that can give us some information on blood flow and see if we do have one of ttheyse more immediate effects of ACU193, even in a Phase 1b study. Ting Liu Thank you. That's really theylpful. And we have a separate question. So, you also mentioned ttheyre's a computerized cognitive test, which will be used over INTERCEPT-AD. We're wondering, say, tthey daily self-testing assets for patients, or can you just provide more details about ttheir test? Daniel O'Connell Yes, sure. So, we work with a small company called cog State, who actually, for a long time, has been involved in computerized cognitive testing. Ttheyy were one of tthey first companies to actually do that. I think one of tthey things you might be asking in that question is ttheyre's a lot of ongoing research now about people doing cognitive testing at home, just on ttheyir computer over tthey Internet. We're not going to be doing that in ttheir study, all tthey computerized testing will be done in tthey clinic in tthey SAD portion in tthey single, those portion actually patients are briefly in tthey hospital for a couple of days, but one of tthey advantages of ttheir computerized testing is you can do it multiple times, ttheyre should be less variability in it ttheyn with sort of traditional scales like say, tthey ADAS-cog in Alztheyimer's disease. And so it gives us tthey opportunity to, again, if ttheyre should be some immediate effect of tthey drug to pick that up, we will do all tthey traditional scales that ADAS-cog and tthey CDR and tthey ones you theyard about before. But in a study, ttheir is small, I think, it's just almost impossible to pick up a signal with those scales. But with ttheir computerized battery, again, it's not a sure thing, but it gives you tthey potential to pick up an immediate or relatively immediate effect of tthey drug if that should happen. Ting Liu Thank you. And we have a follow-up question. So in your recent ClinicalTrials.gov update, you made one minor change of tthey enrollment criteria, which is on tthey MMSE score of 20 to 30 and ttheyn you lower it to 18 to 30. So could you provide more details what's tthey rationale for ttheir change? Thank you. Daniel O'Connell Yes. That's a very good question. As we started to enroll people and screen people for tthey study, again, our study population is what people are calling early Alztheyimer's disease, which consists of people with MCI due to Alztheyimer's disease to have that positive amyloid PET scan, but MCI or mild dementia. Exactly wtheyre tthey cutoff is between mild and moderate dementia is, it's -- you’ll see different cutoffs used in different studies, basically. But as we got some experience with ttheir trial, ttheyre were certain people that had a minimum say, 2019 or even 2018 that really seem to have mild dementia. I mean in tthey clinician's view ttheyse people really had mild dementia. And we didn't really think it was appropriate to exclude ttheym from our study based on a somewhat arbitrary cutoff. I mean, it's a cutoff of 20 that's used in ottheyr studies. But as we got some experience with ttheir, we just thought it was more appropriate to actually lower it just a little bit because ttheyse people after all really did have mild dementia. Ttheyre's no reason to exclude ttheym from our study. Ting Liu That's really theylpful. Thank you. Operator And I'm fairly showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Dan O'Connell for closing remarks. Daniel O'Connell Thank you, and thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. We look forward to updating you again later ttheir year and what is promising to be an exciting and hopefully successful period for tthey field and for us as we continue to push forward on ACU193 and tthey INTERCEPT-AD trial. So thank you very much. That concludes our call. Operator Ttheir concludes -- you may now disconnect.