Acumen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABOS) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 9, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Alex Braun - Head IR Daniel O'Connell - President and CEO Eric Siemers - Chief Medical Officer Matt Zuga - CFO and Chief Business Officer Conference Call Participants Tom Shrader - BTIG Judah Frommer - Credit Suisse Charlie Yang - BofA Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Acumen Pharma Q1 2023 Conference Call and Webcast. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker’s presentation ttheyre’ll be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand tthey conference over to Alex Braun, Head of Investor Relations. Alex Braun Thanks, Joe. Good morning, and welcome to tthey Acumen conference call to discuss our business update and tthey financial results for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2023. With me today are Daniel O'Connell, our Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Eric Siemers, our Chief Medical Officer; and Matt Zuga, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer. Before we begin, we encourage listeners to go to tthey Investors section of tthey Acumen website to find a press release issued ttheir morning and a related slide presentation that we'll discuss today. Please note that during today's conference call, we may make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Federal Securities Laws, including statements concerning our financial outlook and expected business plans. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in tthey forward-looking statements. Please see Slide two of tthey accompanying presentation, our press release issued ttheir morning and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with tthey SEC for important risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise tthey information provided on ttheir call or in tthey accompanying presentation as a result of new information or future results or developments. After our prepared remarks, we'll open tthey call for Q&A.  I'll turn tthey call over to Dan. Daniel O'Connell Thanks, Alex. Good morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Tthey first quarter of 2023 marked tthey completion of enrollment in our Phase I INTERCEPT-AD trial, evaluating ACU193 in early Alztheyimer's patients. Tthey study is near completion with top line results expected in tthey third quarter. For those of you who may be new to Acumen, our product candidate ACU193, is differentiated from ottheyr monoclonal antibodies studied in Alztheyimer's disease based on tthey high selectivity for A-beta oligomers. Scientific consensus asserts that oligomers are tthey most toxic form of A-Beta. And once ttheyy bind to neurons, ttheyy inhibit synaptic function and induce neurodegeneration. We are pleased that our top line results are positioned to provide important clinical proof of mechanism data to our monoclonal antibody developed to selectively target toxic A-Beta oligomers in tthey effort to develop a next-generation ttheyrapeutic for Alztheyimer's patients. INTERCEPT-AD will provide valuable information required to finalize tthey design of our next phase for tthey program, including dose selection. At present, we have growing confidence that every four-week dosing is a viable scenario for ACU193. In addition, as previously disclosed, preliminary CSF PK data from Cohort 3, our 25-milligram per kilogram single ascending dose cohort showed ACU193 concentrations substantially above reported levels of A-Beta oligomers indicating ttheir may be a dosing option to include in our next study.  We continue to prepare for Phase II/III activities in anticipation of successful results from our Phase I study, an end of Phase II meeting with tthey FDA to discuss tthey design of tthey next trial is anticipated to be theyld in tthey fourth quarter. As previously disclosed, tthey study design incorporates an interim decision to expand tthey size of tthey study from Phase II to a Phase III study, which is tthey most expeditious route to a BLA registration.  We, along with tthey rest of tthey field, are encouraged by tthey positive momentum in tthey evolving Alztheyimer's landscape. We are keen to see upcoming outcomes for lecanemabs Advisory Committee meeting, PDUFA date and any shift in CMS coverage decision, which would increase access and uptake for ttheir ttheyrapeutic option for patients. We are also highly interested in digesting tthey full data set from donanemab's TRAILBLAZER 2 Phase III study announced last week. We recognize that robust plaque clearance has shown clinical benefit, albeit modest and with safety caveats. We believe ttheyre is potential better option for patients that involve selective targeting of toxic species more closely related to disease pathology and that ACU193 embodies that product profile. We look forward to sharing our INTERCEPT-AD top line data with you in tthey third quarter of ttheir year, a data set that will be informative from a safety, target engagement and dose ranging perspective.  With that, I'll hand tthey call over to Dr. Siemers. Eric? Eric Siemers Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone. We continue to work diligently as we near tthey finish line of our Phase I trial. As Dan highlighted, tthey totality of tthey data from INTERCEPT-AD will be important for choosing doses for subsequent studies of ACU193. Ttheir includes data on Safety, CSF PK, and CSF target engagement. As I mentioned on our last call at tthey end of March, tthey assay for our target engagement is designed to measure tthey complex of A-Beta oligomers bound to ACU193, and CSF. We have since run preliminary assay tests using CSF from patients which have increased our confidence that tthey assay is performing as intended. Recall that oligomer concentrations in CSF are generally reported to be less than 2pM, which means that our target engagement assay must be very sensitive. We also anticipate announcing exploratory data with our topline results from our Phase I study, including Cogstate computerized cognitive testing as well as arterial spin labeling pull sequences on MRI, which will determine if cerebral blood flow has increased after treatment with ACU193. While ttheyse analyses are exploratory and may not result in a clear signal in ttheir small study with a short duration of treatment, ttheyse techniques maybe employed in tthey subsequent larger clinical trial using ACU193. As a reminder, we have included typical clinical measures like tthey CDR sum of boxes and tthey ADAS-Cog in our Phase I study. However, because ttheir is a small, short study, it is unlikely that those measures will show a drug effect. During tthey first quarter, our team also presented a poster at AD/PD in Sweden that demonstrated tthey utility of a human in vitro model of induced pluripotent stem cell-derived excitatory neurons for a better understanding of which forms of A-beta oligomers contribute to tthey pathogenesis of AD in tthey human brain. Ttheir study found that soluble A-beta size may influence synaptic binding, low molecular weight 5-way beta species such as monomers, dimers and trimers, demonstrated tthey lowest levels of detectable synaptic binding compared to those of mid and high molecular weight defined as greater than 150 kilodaltons. We believe that ttheyse research efforts can contribute to tthey development of next-generation ttheyrapies with higtheyr selectivity for toxic soluble amyloid species that are tthey most relevant to Alztheyimer's type of genesis such as ACU193. Finally, tthey success of donanemab in tthey TRAILBLAZER II study announced last week, provides furttheyr scientific support for tthey amyloid beta hypottheysis broadly. Ttheyse results build on tthey success of lecanemab reported in tthey Phase III CLARITY trial. While broadly speaking, ttheyse antibodies are both related to tthey amyloid hypottheysis, ttheyre are important differences between ttheym.  Donanemab targets deposited amyloid plaques and reduces plaque load substantially with dosing every four weeks. Lecanemab targets A-beta protofibrils, but also reduces plaque load with every two-week dosing. Tthey rate of ARIA-E with donanemab in TRAILBLAZER-ALZ 2 was reported to be 24%. While for lecanemab, tthey rate of ARIA-E was reported to be 12.6%. For both antibodies, about 20% to 25% of ARIA-E cases were symptomatic.  We believe that ACU193, targeting oligomers has tthey potential to have lower rates of ARIA-E with equal or better efficacy compared to donanemab and lecanemab. We applaud tthey well-run study results from TRAILBLAZER-ALZ 2 in clarity that solidify forward momentum in tthey field. While ttheyse treatments are a good first generation start, ACU193 may furttheyr improve tthey benefit risk profile of a disease-modifying treatment for patients and families navigating Alztheyimer's disease.  And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Matt. Matt Zuga Thank you, Eric. Good morning, everyone. As a reminder, our first quarter 2023 financial results are available in tthey press release we issued ttheir morning and in our 10-Q that will be filed later today. As of March 31, we had approximately $184 million in cash and marketable securities on tthey balance ttheyyet and continue to expect that cash to last through 2025. R&D expenses were approximately $8.7 million in tthey first quarter, increase over tthey prior year was primarily due to tthey increased activity in tthey ongoing INTERCEPT-AD trial.  G&A expenses were $4.4 million in tthey quarter, with tthey increase over tthey prior year, primarily tthey result of increased theyadcount as we built tthey company to support INTERCEPT-AD. Ttheir led to a loss from operations of $13.1 million in tthey quarter. We are encouraged to report topline data for INTERCEPT-AD in tthey third quarter and will remain financially disciplined as we use our capital to advance our clinical program for ACU193, and deliver value to patients and shareholders.  And with that, we can open tthey call for Q&A. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question -- I believe ttheir is James on tthey phone for Stifel. Unidentified Analyst  Ttheir is James theyre. Thanks for taking our question. On for Paul Matteis. We were just wondering, how are you thinking about tthey different scenarios for what your Phase II could look like? And what exactly you'll be able to test. For example, if say 193 were to have a similar effect size as tthey A-beta antibodies, would ttheir study be powered for stats on ttheyse clinical scales? Or would you be looking at something else at tthey interim and basing your decision to expand tthey trial? Any color ttheyre would be great. Thanks so much. Daniel O'Connell Let's exchange. I'm going to invite Eric to comment on that question. Good question. Eric Siemers Yes, sure. Thanks. Great question. So tthey team has been working hard on finalizing tthey design of that study. It's not completely finalized yet. But to get to tthey question that you raised, we'll look at a number of different things in order to make tthey decision wtheyttheyr to continue tthey study as a Phase II or to increase tthey size of tthey study and making a Phase III registration trial. So that interim analysis involves an algorithm that we'll look at a number of different things.  So of course, we'll look at things like tthey IDRs, which will be actually our primary outcome, but also tthey CDR sum of boxes, tthey ADAS-cog, that sort of thing. Obviously, if you would have statistical significance on one of those clinical measures at an interim analysis, I think that would be a fairly clear signal to scale up to a Phase III.  But we'll look at a variety of ottheyr things. And those things may include things like tthey computerized cognitive testing that we're using in our Phase I study and also a variety of biomarkers. And just to give you one example of that, phosphorylated tau, both in blood and spinal fluid, seems to be a quite good biomarker for effects of drugs on downstream pathology in Alztheyimer's disease. So in ottheyr words, if your drug affects a mild of COGS or in our case, A-beta oligomers, if you see a change in phosph-tau, that really gives you a sign that you're having an effect on tthey underlying disease process.  So we have an algorithm put togettheyr. We'll look at several different things like that. And ttheyn that will trigger tthey decision of do you increase tthey size of tthey study to a Phase III? Or do you just continue it out as a Phase II study? So hopefully, that addresses to tthey question that you brought up. Unidentified Analyst Yes, very theylpful. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Tom Shrader with BTIG. Go atheyad with your question.  Tom Shrader Good morning. And thanks for taking tthey question. You're doing all ttheir elegant work with, I think, one of tthey biggest questions in tthey field, which is, which oligomers really matter? Is it changing your thoughts on target engagement? I assume you'd like to have antibody levels that only hit tthey relevant particle. So is it -- are you learning that 2pM is an overestimate? Or do you think you need to get most of tthey particles in order to be safe? Or is that something you need to read out from clinical data? Thanks. Eric Siemers So maybe I'll take that one, too. So again, I always have to promise ttheir -- anottheyr good question, but I always have profit like say, I'm a clinical trial, it's by nature. And so I think tthey real answers ultimately have to come from tthey clinic. But as our poster illustrated at AD/PD, ttheyre's a lot that we're still learning about what are tthey most toxic species.  We -- thus far, it would appear that tthey species that ACU193 targets are tthey ones that are relatively more toxic. I mean tthey most toxic that we've been able to find, we're going to put it tthey ottheyr way around. We don't see any evidence that ACU193 binds to species that are not toxic. But again, tthey proof is always in tthey clinic.  Tthey one ottheyr point that's some interest and ttheir is a little bit more hypottheytical, but tthey concentrations of oligomers and spinal fluid, as mentioned, are very low, less than 2 picamolar. But no one knows really tthey concentration of oligomers in interstitial spacing in brain [ph].  So our antibody ACU193, has to exit tthey arterial system and ttheyn enter tthey interstitial space. And ttheyre, tthey actual concentration of oligomers maybe more -- maybe higtheyr. So again, we've had some positive results regarding our target engagement assay. We think that assay appears to be working well. And we're really looking forward to seeing those results along with all tthey ottheyrs in INTERCEPT-AD. Tom Shrader Great. Thank you.  Operator And now we have Judah Frommer with Credit Suisse. Go atheyad with your call. Judah Frommer Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. First, just as we think about potentially having two A-Beta antibodies on tthey market, any evolved thinking around including a comparator or a combination arm with anottheyr A-Beta antibody in any subsequent trials, wtheyttheyr it's for a potential Phase III or beyond that? And how could that affect 193s clinical profile?  And ttheyn separately, can you just remind us or give us some direction on cash runway and potential to get you through Phase II or how you would deal with moving into tthey Phase III given tthey cash position? Thank you. Eric Siemers Yes. Let me maybe take your first question and ttheyn turn it over to Matt for your second question. But in terms of comparators, that question has come up a lot, especially since last week with Donanemab announcement. I think ttheyre's a pretty broad agreement that -- well, first of all, a theyad-to-theyad trial with drugs like that is very difficult to do. You have to do what's called a non-inferiority study, which requires really huge studies. And at least of all tthey people I've talked to, I don't think anyone really would expect certainly regulatory agencies to require that kind of theyad-to-theyad comparison at ttheir point.  Tthey ottheyr thing that's really of interest is how quickly ttheyse things will be taken up in clinical medicine. Ttheyre was actually at tthey American Academy of Neurology meeting a couple of weeks ago, ttheyy have what ttheyy call a fireside chat and someone who is, I think, a lead investigator in tthey clarity style for lecanemab was talking about all tthey things that you would have to do to use that in your clinical practice. So ttheyse are practicing neurologists. And ttheyre was a lot of a bit of angst, I might say, among tthey clinical neurologist that ttheir is really complicated because tthey infrastructure for PET scans and MRIs and all that just isn't ttheyre yet.  I think donanemab actually will be even more complicated because ttheyy have ttheir tower requirement. So now you have to get maybe an amyloid pet scan and ttheyn a top theyad scan. So tthey uptake in tthey marketplace, I think, is not going to be overnight. Tthey infrastructure needs to be built that actually, to some degree, works to our favor because by tthey time we would launch with ACU193, that infrastructure should be much more better developed. So yes, stay tuned. But for right now, we do not expect ttheyre to be any requirement for a theyad-to-theyad trial.  And so Matt, I'll turn it over to you. Matt Zuga Thanks, Eric. Judah, with regard to tthey cash, until we meet with tthey FDA and know exactly which clinical trial we're going to run next, it's hard for me to tell you exactly wtheyn tthey cash might run out. However, all tthey forecasting that we've done gives us confidence that our current cash will last through 2025. With that said, as we've disclosed in our filings, any next trial that we do is likely to take us out past 2025. And how far out past 2025 we have to go just simply depends on our interactions with tthey FDA.  So we can get very far down tthey road. But if we're running a Phase II/III clinical trial, ttheyn at some point, we're going to have to finance. And even if we run a very large Phase II clinical trial to be determined, we would have to finance at some point after 2025. I hope that theylps. Judah Frommer Yes. Thank you. Operator Next, we have Colin Bristow with UBS. Colin, go atheyad with your question.  Unidentified Analyst  Hi, good morning. Ttheir is Tina on for Colin. Thanks for taking our question. So at AD/PD Dr. Selkoe for HMI, they presented interesting findings from their lab that previously thought as soluble oligomers from Stipulated monogomers AB, ttheyy can actually be replicated and led to tthey discovery of new species which ttheyy call short fibrils.  So that somehow raises tthey question. If tthey neurotoxicity and bio activity, previously observed with those soluble brain extracts are solely attributable to tthey oligomers. I think some of tthey first work will found tthey same rework on anottheyr HMS lab. Would you stop over ttheir finding, and we're just wondering like out of curiosity, besides solubility, how differentiated are ttheir soluble fibril species from oligomers, for example? Thank you. Eric Siemers Dr. Selkoe, of course, does some really cutting-edge research. And I think your question is a good example of just wtheyre tthey cutting edge is in tthey field right now. So one of tthey things we've talked about before is that ACU193, of course, targets oligomers, lecanemab was designed to target protofibrils.  Now partly, ttheir gets into definitions and Dr. Selkoe in tthey past and currently actually would sort of define anything that's soluble as an oligomer. So protofibril is actually one type of oligomer if you want to use that definition. But they recently presented, and I think ttheir was part of tthey AD/PD presentation that how you define soluble can vary. So in ottheyr words, you -- what happens is tthey centrifuge things and whatever ends up in tthey pellet is not soluble and whatever ends up in tthey supernatant is soluble. But if you centrifuge it faster and harder, you can change what is in tthey pellet and what's in tthey supernatant.  So all of ttheyse things are kind of evolving, including tthey terminology, just to get back to tthey protofibrils differentiation with what ACU193 targets, protofibrils are linear structures. Tthey structures that ACU193 targets are globular. So tthey appearance is different on atomic force microscopy. So ttheyy're not exactly tthey same thing.  We think of those as cousins. So ttheyy're both soluble by usual definitions. Ttheyy're both toxic, but ttheyy don't have exactly tthey same structure. And so one of tthey things that's really unique ttheyn about ACU193 is that we're targeting a type of oligomer that's unique. I mean ttheyre's no ottheyr antibody that targets what we target that's currently in tthey clinic. I hope that theylps, but it's a complicated question. Unidentified Analyst  Yes, that’s really theylpful. Thanks so much, Eric. We have a follow-up question. So you mentioned we will use IDRs for that [ph] as a primary endpoint. In [indiscernible] to top line, ttheyre seems to be some disconnection on IDRs benefit for tthey high top [ph] group versus CDR FP we see tthey CDR FP benefit was more consistent across tthey subgroups. So what's your thought on tthey demand data and as well as worse of your primary reasons to use IDRs instead of CRB for tthey fifth primary endpoint? Eric Siemers Yes, right. So one of tthey things, just to remind everybody is that we only have a press release from Laurea on tthey donanemab data. So ttheyre's ttheyy included quite a bit in ttheyir press release, which was great, but ttheyy didn't include everything. So questions like that, how about IDRs perform compared to whatever else, tthey CDR sum of boxes in tthey high tow group versus tthey intermediate tow group?  Those are things I think we just have to wait for tthey presentation at AIC to really better evaluate. But our decision -- and again, things can change depending on new data, but our decision to use tthey IDRs is really based on everything up until ttheir point in time. It actually appears to be a very good scale. And as you know, that's what Lilly has used as ttheyir primary outcome. So we'll be looking forward to seeing more of those data from TRAILBLAZER ALZ and we will always furttheyr refine our choices depending on new data. Unidentified Analyst  Okay. Thank you, Eric. If we may maybe one last set of questions from our side. Will ttheyre be additional PK/PD or safety updates atheyad of tthey 3Q update? Thank you.  Eric Siemers No, we -- yes, we don't anticipate any new disclosures prior to our topline results in tthey third quarter. And tthey study is going well. I mean if ttheyre were some new safety information or something, obviously, we'd have to say something about that. But at ttheir point, in any study, even though we're all blinded we're feeling pretty comfortable about tthey safety profile. And so I wouldn't anticipate any new disclosures before our topline results. Unidentified Analyst Thank you so much.  Operator And now it looks to be our last question. And ttheir is from Charlie Yang with BofA. Go atheyad with your question.  Charlie Yang Hi, thanks for taking for question. Ttheir is Charlie Yang on for what Geoff Meacham. Can you talk about just given tthey level data, potentially to kind of include one of tthey A-Beta drugs in your kind of Phase II, Phase III trial? Eric Siemers I'm sorry, I'm not sure I quite understood tthey question. Would we include ottheyr A-beta drugs in our Phase II/III? Charlie Yang Right, combination ttheyrapy given tthey recent… Eric Siemers Right. Got you. Well, so combination ttheyrapy is an important topic, and it's something that we at Acumen have certainly had some discussions about. Now our approach to that would probably be tthey combination would be a drug that different complementary mechanism rattheyr than anottheyr one that's related to A-Beta or amyloid in one way or anottheyr.  In terms of our Phase II/III study, we don't have any safety data from animal studies based on combinations, say, of lecanemab, donanemab with ACU193. And so I don't think it would make a lot of sense for our Phase II/III study to allow that kind of combination. Obviously, that would make it a lot more complicated study too. But as we've thought through ttheir, as I mentioned previously, I think that tthey sort of clinical uptake is going to be pretty slow actually for both lecanemab and donanemab. And so I think for us to run a placebo-controlled trial for our Phase II/III is certainly going to be feasible.  But looking down tthey road in terms of combination ttheyrapies, which is tthey future. I think we all agree for Alztheyimer's disease. I think it would make more sense to use some complementary mechanisms. So you would use something that's related to Tow, something was related to inflammation, something like that to combine with ACU193, to see wtheyttheyr you get additive or even synergistic effects. Charlie Yang Thank you. Operator I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to Dan O'Connell. Daniel O'Connell Thanks, and thank you, everyone, for joining ttheir morning's call. We are very much looking forward to sharing tthey INTERCEPT-AD top line data in tthey third quarter, data that will be informative on ACU193, as a selective agent neutralizing toxic A-beta oligomers. So thanks again for joining. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. Operator Thank you all for your participation in today's call. Ttheir does conclude tthey program, and you may now disconnect.