Acumen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABOS) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 16, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants John Woolford - IR, Westwicke Daniel O'Connell - President & CEO Eric Siemers - Chief Medical Officer Matt Zuga - CFO & Chief Business Officer Conference Call Participants Operator Operator Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Acumen Pharmaceuticals, First Quarter 2022 Update Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre'll be a brief overview followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. And I would now like to turn tthey call over to John Woolford from Westwicke. Please go atheyad. John Woolford Thank you, operator good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today to review Acumen’s first quarter 2022 update on operational progress and financial results. Before we start, we encourage you to read tthey operational and financial results press release issued ttheir afternoon, which is accessible on our website in tthey Investors section. Please note that during today's conference call, we may make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements concerning our financial outlook and expected business plans. All ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in tthey forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including tthey extent and duration of tthey effects of tthey COVID-19 pandemic and tthey timing and extent of recovery from it. Please refer to our recent filings with tthey SEC for a full review of tthey risks and uncertainties associated with our business. Forward-looking statements speak only as of tthey date on which ttheyy are made and Acumen undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Daniel O'Connell, President and Chief Executive Officer will begin today's call with a review select first quarter 2022 business highlights and provide an update on tthey ongoing INTERCEPT-AD trial. Dr. Eric Siemers, Chief Medical Officer will ttheyn discuss tthey recent Frontiers in Science article for ACU193. Next Matt Zuga, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer will provide a brief financial update. We will ttheyn open tthey call for Q&A. I'll now hand tthey call over to Dan O'Connell, President and Chief Executive Officer. Dan? Daniel O'Connell Thank you, John. Good afternoon and thank you to everyone joining tthey call today. I'm delighted to be theyre to review our first quarter and recent progress. We hosted our first public conference call in late March and during that call, we provided a review of our science tthey significant differentiation of ACU193 for tthey potential treatment of Alztheyimer's disease. And gave an overview of tthey ongoing INTERCEPT-AD clinical trial, as well as highlighted our financial resources that are expected to advance ACU193 through multiple critical milestones and provides a cash runway through 2025. Given that we provided such a detailed update just weeks ago, we're going to keep today's call relatively brief and to tthey point. To start, we continue to make significant progress with our INTERCEPT-AD clinical trial of ACU193 tthey first monoclonal antibody developed to selectively target soluble amyloid-beta oligomers to enter tthey clinic. Regarding enrollment, we have experienced continued success in activating new clinical trial sites and enrollment is now ongoing at 11 active sites, with four additional sites selected for potential activation. Ttheir is up from eight active sites and six additional sites selected wtheyn we last spoke in - at tthey end of March. Given our progress, we continue to expect to report tthey top line results from INTERCEPT-AD in tthey first half of 2023. In parallel to conducting tthey INTERCEPT-AD trial, we've also made significant progress with preparing for a future Phase 2/3 trial of ACU193. A chronic GLP toxicity study was initiated earlier in tthey year and our new drug substance production process and drug product formulation are being – finalized. Our team has begun designing tthey Phase 2/3 study and planning for an end of Phase 2 meetings with tthey FDA. Our plan is to initiate tthey next trial a potential Phase 2/3 trial rapidly after demonstrating proof-of-mechanism in tthey ongoing INTERCEPT-AD trial. As I highlighted during our last call, we've made several senior level appointments to tthey company's leadership team across multiple functional areas. And since ttheyn, we've continued to grow our team providing additional expertise and experience to support our expected growth over tthey coming years. In addition to our efforts, we do anticipate growing interest in upcoming clinical and regulatory developments for ottheyr novel Alztheyimer's disease programs in tthey coming quarters, including Phase 3 data readouts for bapineuzumabversus gantenerumab and Lilly donanemab while ttheyse treatments are targeted primarily at amyloid plaques and protofibrils, not soluble a beta oligomers. We believe encouraging data from one or more of ttheyse programs could lead to additional enthusiasm for ACU193 and its potential in Alztheyimer's. I'll now turn tthey call over to Eric to discuss tthey recent publication in Frontiers in Neuroscience. Eric? Eric Siemers Thanks, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone. Before I turn tthey call over to Matt, I wanted to highlight that we announced that Frontiers in Neuroscience publittheyyd tthey well supported rationale for targeting soluble Aβ oligomers in early Alztheyimer's disease, as well as tthey preclinical evidence to characterize ACU193 selectivity and differentiated profile. Tthey article is titled, ACU193 and immunottheyrapeutic poised to test tthey amyloid-beta oligomer hypottheysis of Alztheyimer's disease. We believe ttheyre is an emerging scientific consensus that oligomers are tthey most toxic form of AβO and that tthey development of a product that reduces toxicity of oligomers is one of tthey most promising approactheys for tthey potential treatment and prevention of tthey progression of Alztheyimer's disease. As detailed in tthey publication, studies suggest that oligomer mediated neuronal toxicity is directly responsible for Alztheyimer's associated memory and cognitive problems. Aβ oligomers had been found to interact within synapses of brain cells called neurons, leading to altered neuronal function, which may initiate and perpetuate tthey process of neurodegeneration, ultimately leading to sell that. ACU193 is unique and differentiated from ottheyr monoclonal antibodies studied in Alztheyimer's disease, given its high selectivity for Aβ oligomers, relative to ottheyr anti-amyloid monoclonal antibodies that are less selective or target different amyloid species, such as Aβ monomers were deposited Aβ amyloid plaques. We believe ttheir may lead to improved clinical efficacy compared to ottheyr monoclonal antibodies, and importantly an expected lack of ARIA-related safety concerns, which are seen with some ottheyr monoclonal antibodies. We also believe ttheyre is some potential for possible cognitive improvement in addition to disease slowing. Given tthey strong rationale and differentiation, we look forward to reporting top line data from INTERCEPT-AD in tthey first half of next year. As a reminder INTERCEPT-AD are, randomized placebo-controlled Phase 1a/B trial as two portions as a standard, including a single ascending dose portion and a multiple ascending dose portion. Tthey single ascending dose portion includes four cohorts with eight patients per cohort, at doses of two milligrams per kilogram, 10 milligrams per kilogram, 25 milligrams per kilogram and 60 milligrams per kilogram, or placebo. Tthey multiple ascending dose portion includes three cohorts with 10 patients per cohort, at doses of 10 milligrams per kilogram and 60 milligrams per kilogram dosed every four weeks, and 16 milligrams per kilogram, dosed every two weeks, or placebo. Included in tthey trial design is tthey ability to initiate tthey first cohort of tthey multiple-ascending dose portion. After safety and tolerability is demonstrated in tthey second cohort of tthey single-ascending dose portion. Tthey trial is being conducted in patients with early Alztheyimer's disease, those with mild cognitive impairment and mild dementia. To participate in tthey trial, tthey patients must be amyloid positive as determined by PET scans. A key objective of tthey trial is to demonstrate target engagement and proof-of-mechanism as determined by demonstrating that ACU193 is bound to oligomers in cerebral spinal fluid. Ottheyr important outcomes include tthey evaluation of safety and tolerability, pharmacokinetics and measures of cognition. Tthey trial is expected to provide a significant amount of data that will be crucial in tthey design of tthey planned Phase 2/3 trial as well as our regulatory strategy. Assuming INTERCEPT-AD demonstrates acceptable safety and tolerability shows ACU193 gets into tthey central compartment and confirms target engagement. We plan to advance tthey program into a Phase 2/3 study. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Matt Zuga, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer. Matt Zuga Thank you, Eric. And thanks to everyone for joining. To start I want to emphasize that as a result of planning and executing on our private and public financing strategy in 2020 and 2021. We are well capitalized and have tthey resources to achieve multiple clinical development milestones. As of March 31, 2022, we had approximately $217 million in cash and marketable securities. Looking atheyad, based on our current operating plan, we expect our cash runway to last through 2025. Our strong balance ttheyyet is tthey result of tthey proceeds from Series B and IPO financings completed in 2021. Our complete financial results for tthey first quarter of 2022 are available in tthey press release we issued ttheir afternoon and in our 10-Q which will be filed shortly. I'm not going to review our results in detail, but I do want to highlight a few items. R&D expenses were approximately $6 million in tthey first quarter. Tthey increase over tthey prior year period was primarily due to tthey increased activity in tthey ongoing INTERCEPT-AD trial compared to Q1, 2021. G&A expenses were $3.2 million in tthey quarter, with tthey increase over tthey prior year period, primarily tthey result of increased theyadcount, and tthey cost of going public and being a public company following tthey IPO. Ttheir led to a loss from operations of $9.2 million in tthey quarter. Note that our compretheynsive loss for tthey quarter was $9.7 million, compared to $27 million in tthey prior year period. Tthey loss in 2021 was primarily driven by a non-cash expense of $23.2 million that represents tthey changes in fair value of our Series B trancthey liability and our Series A-1 warrant liability. Tthey trancthey liability and tthey warrant liability were initially recorded at fair value as a liability on Acumen's balance ttheyyet and are subsequently re-measured at fair value at tthey end of each reporting period. Both liabilities were extinguittheyyd by tthey conversion of our preferred shares and warrants to common shares at tthey IPO. We will continue to work hard over tthey coming quarters to enroll INTERCEPT-AD and look forward to reporting top line data in tthey first half of 2023. Importantly, we will continue to operate Acumen efficiently and cost effectively to ensure our cash runway is maintained through 2025. We thank our shareholders and partners for ttheyir ongoing trust and support. And we'll now open up tthey floor for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Paul Matteis from Stifel. You may begin. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is James on for Paul, thanks for taking our question. For tthey Phase 1 data readout, can you remind us again, we'll it be able to, you know, directly assess percent change in oligomer levels from baseline? And kind of second part ttheyre, I guess, what will give you confidence in ttheir readout as you know, we move forward in clinical development, beyond just a dose dependent response on tthey assay, I guess, how will you know you've reactheyd your kind of target level of pharmaco-dynamic effect, to have confidence moving forward? Thanks. Eric Siemers Yes, hi so ttheir is Eric, great question. In terms of looking at something like a percent change in oligomers, just to remind you, what we're really going to be measuring is tthey concentration of antibody ACU193, bound to oligomers. So obviously, before you've been dosed, tthey concentration of that is zero you don't have any antibody ttheyre. So what we'll really be looking for is tthey presence of ACU193, bound to oligomers after dosing. Those are actually fairly challenging assays to develop, but we've got a, really good crew that, are actively developing ttheym. I think as a minimum, we would want to demonstrate that we did have antibody and spinal fluid binding tthey oligomers. We showed ttheir in brains of transgenic mice. So in a sense, ttheir is just confirming it, but still, it's something that we definitely need to do. So I think at a minimum, we want to say ttheyre's antibody that got in and it binds to oligomers, depending on tthey assay sensitivity, and just what tthey data shows, if we can show a dose dependence for that, that would be even better. I don't know that that's a necessary requirement, but dose dependents would be certainly of interest. And ttheyn finally, tthey last part of your question, which comes up pretty frequently is you know how much is enough? Wtheyn you're dealing, I think, especially with ttheyse monoclonal antibodies, I think tthey answer is typically you give as much as you can, as long as it's safe. And now at some point, you get into some commercial difficulties with just cost of goods, and that that sort of thing. But that up to that limit, if you're safe, tthey more tthey better, basically. And so that's one of tthey reasons why safety is such an important part of ttheir study. But if we get up to 60 mg per kg, and we can do it safely, ttheyn I think that would be at least one of tthey doses to take forward into tthey next Phase 2/3 study. Unidentified Analyst Right, thanks so much. Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Colin Bristow from UBS. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, good afternoon. Ttheir is Tin [ph] on for Colin, thanks for taking our question and congrats on tthey quarter. So without first question, our first question, is on your - any thoughts on tthey same as recent moves for lecanemab and gantenerumab? How do you think things will unfold in tthey future? And ttheyn we've got tthey second question. 193 particularly, how does a plasma half-life of 193 look like compared to ottheyr anti-amyloid antibodies? And do you envision any titration will be needed for 193 wtheyn at a higtheyr dose level? Thank you. Daniel O'Connell Hey Tin could you clarify tthey front part of your question? I theyard reference to lecanemab and gantenerumab but I didn't quite follow? Unidentified Analyst Oh, yes, sorry it's tthey same as like, final decision like NCD? Daniel O'Connell Oh, sure yes, yes right. So I think generally, I think ttheyre's been a good bit of consternation and frustration within tthey Alztheyimer's space about tthey CMS decision. And certainly, Biogen's decision to pull back from tthey course of supportive Adutheylm is a bit of a setback, certainly for tthey company. But we are optimistic that tthey field has more to offer patients going forward. And that's why we're diligently and strongly committed to developing ACU193 for patients. I think we'll see what tthey ottheyr readouts for some of ttheyse later stage products deliver in terms of risk benefit safety profile. And that should be more information for us to learn from both a regulatory and reimbursement perspective. In terms of tthey plasma half-life for ACU-193 that's we're doing tthey Phase 1 in patients right now. So we'll have more information that maybe instructive on a comparative basis. Once we have that data, we don't have that as a as of now, I do think in regards to titration, ACU193 was developed against Aß oligomers. And on tthey basis of tthey selectivity for oligomers, we don't think it will have tthey rates of ARIA that are observed with plaque targeting antibody. So we don't anticipate a safety titration if you will, like some of tthey ottheyr plaque targeting antibodies have had to undergo. But again, we've got to generate data in tthey clinic to support some of tthey underpinnings of that part of tthey profile. Unidentified Analyst Okay, yes, that's really theylpful. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I like to talk to Dan O'Connell, President and CEO for concluding oops. Daniel O'Connell Great, thank you, Victor. Thanks, everyone, for joining us ttheir afternoon. I appreciate your interest in Acumen and ACU193 and we look forward to tthey next update in tthey coming in tthey coming quarter. Thanks. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call, thank you for participating. You may now disconnect everyone have a great day.