Acumen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABOS) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 14, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Alex Braun - Head IR Daniel O'Connell - President and CEO Eric Siemers - CMO Matt Zuga - CFO and CBO Conference Call Participants Tom Shrader - BTIG Judah Frommer - Credit Suisse Charlie Yang - Bank of America Operator Good day. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Acumen Pharmaceuticals, Q3 2022 Conference Call and Webcast. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre'll be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to Alex Braun, Head of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Alex Braun Thank you, Latonya. Good afternoon and welcome to tthey Acumen conference call to discuss our business update and financial results for tthey quarter ended September 30th, 2022. With me today are Dan O'Connell, our Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Eric Siemers, our Chief Medical Officer; and Matt Zuga, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer. Before we begin, we encourage listeners to go to tthey Investors section of tthey Acumen website to find our press release issued ttheir afternoon and related slide presentation that we'll discuss today. Please note that during today's conference call, we may make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Federal Securities laws, including statements concerning our financial outlook and expected business plans. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in tthey forward-looking statements. Please see slide two of tthey accompanying presentation, our press release issued ttheir afternoon, and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with tthey SEC for important risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise tthey information provided on ttheir call or in tthey accompanying presentation as a result of new information or future results or developments. After our prepared remarks, we'll open tthey call for Q&A. Now, I'll turn tthey call over to Dan. Daniel O'Connell Thank you, Alex. Good afternoon and thank you for joining our call today. Tthey third quarter was characterized by increased momentum on several fronts for Acumen. Tthey highlights include improved enrollment in tthey ongoing INTERCEPT-AD trial, Fast-Track designation for ACU193 from tthey FDA, and publication of our INTERCEPT-AD trial design and anticipated critical development plans for ACU193. I'd also like to note that our progress comes amid renewed optimism in tthey Alztheyimer's field due to lecanemab recent positive clinical trial results, which reinforce tthey role that soluble Aβ species may play in tthey disease. I'll start today by discussing our business and operational highlights, and Dr. Siemers will ttheyn provide some comments and context on tthey recent developments for both ACU193 and tthey Alztheyimer's field as a whole. Turning to updates from our Phase 1 INTERCEPT-AD clinical trial of ACU193, tthey first monoclonal antibody discovered and developed to selectively target soluble Aβ oligomer to enter tthey clinic. Enrollment is now ongoing at 17 active sites in tthey US. As previously noted during tthey initial stages of tthey trial last year in early 2022, we experienced slightly slower patient enrollment than originally projected. However, in tthey last four months, patient recruitment and enrollment has accelerated considerably. We are working closely with our partner CRO and clinical sites to ensure timely sctheyduling of tthey various visits per tthey study protocol, which also include imaging conducted at third-party sites. We are pleased that enrollment momentum is accelerating atheyad of tthey holiday season. I should also note, we are very encouraged with tthey safety profile observed to date in tthey trial, which aligns with our expectations for ACU193. Based on tthey trial current status, we are targeting enrollment completion in tthey first quarter of 2023 and reporting topline results in tthey second half of tthey year. In anticipation of moving quickly to a subsequent clinical trial, I want to provide an update on some of tthey pertinent Phase 2/3 activities that have been completed or are underway. On tthey toxology front, tthey in-life phase of tthey chronic GLP toxicity study has been successfully completed and tthey final study report is expected in tthey first quarter of 2023. Our ctheymistry manufacturing and controls team led by Leanne Shank [ph], who joined as Head of CMC ttheir June, and is working diligently to ensure clinical drug readiness in support of tthey planned Phase 2/3 study for ACU193. We have completed development of our new drug substance production process and produced our first Phase 2/3 drug substance manufacturing lot. We have also completed development of tthey lyophilized formulation of our drug product. Based on ttheir progress, we are well-positioned to scale manufacturing and have sufficient drug supply to meet tthey requirements of our current development plan. As part of tthey CMC efforts and our application for tthey non-proprietary name for ACU193, we have confirmed ACU193 as a consensus IgG2 subclass antibody, which is consistent with our hypottheysis that tthey reduced effect of function of ttheir subclass should favorably influence safety outcomes for AC-193. We continue to pay close attention to tthey development of subcutaneous formulations of ottheyr antibody products in tthey Alztheyimer's field. Dependent on observed patient dosing information generated in our Phase 1 study, we will assess options for potential development of a subcutaneous formulation as part of our ACU193 product development plans. Though we were acutely focused on advancing INTERCEPT-AD and readying for tthey next phase of our development plan for tthey product, we do continuously evaluate tthey landscape for opportunities that fit with our capabilities and expertise. We are committed to being highly selective in tthey deployment of capital and evaluating such opportunities, but also appreciate tthey pipeline expansion could be a path to greater value creation in tthey future. On a final note, during tthey third quarter, we continue to expand our senior leadership team, adding Derek Meisner as Chief Legal Officer. Derik's legal career has spanned more than 2 decades at both biotechnology companies and investment firms, and they is a valuable addition to tthey company and our senior leadership team. With that, I'll hand tthey call over to Dr. Eric Siemers. Eric? Eric Siemers Thanks Dan and good afternoon everyone. We are delighted that tthey FDA recently granted Fast-Track designation to ACU193 for tthey treatment of early Alztheyimer's disease. Ttheir underscores tthey potential clinical utility of ACU193 in ttheir patient population with such a high unmet need for additional disease-modifying ttheyrapies. To ttheir end, we are committed to designing an efficient and innovative clinical development plan for ACU193. We recently publittheyyd an article in tthey Journal for Prevention of Alztheyimer's Disease that outlines tthey design of our ongoing Phase 1 INTERCEPT-AD trial or ACU193, and tthey planned criteria were advancing to a Phase 2/3 clinical trial based on recent advancements in clinical research methods in Alztheyimer's disease. As we detail in tthey article, tthey criteria for advancing from a Phase 1 to a Phase 2/3 trial will be based on safety and tolerability, pharmacokinetic parameters, and target engagement at doses that have acceptable safety and tolerability. While we have not finalized tthey design for tthey Phase 2/3 trial, we do anticipate it would begin with tthey patient sample size typical of tthey Phase 2 trial, an interim analysis would ttheyn determine wtheyttheyr to increase tthey sample fine to meet tthey statistical power of a typical Phase 3 trial. Ttheir interim analysis may be based on several cognitive measures in various biomarkers, for example, correlated to in tthey blood and cerebrospinal load. Pending discussions with regulators, if tthey interim analysis is positive and tthey trial has expanded, tthey Phase 2/3 trial could potentially serve as a registration trial. Considering tthey design of a Phase 1 INTERCEPT-AD study in patients with early AD and tthey adaptive design of tthey planned Phase 2/3 study, ttheir innovative clinical development plan could allow us to evaluate oligomers more rapidly as a promising ttheyrapeutic target for Alztheyimer's disease patients. Looking at tthey field more broadly, tthey recent positive Phase 3 CLARITY-AD trial results for lecanemab, underscore tthey progress tthey field is making in tthey fight against Alztheyimer's disease. It has also driven a renewed look at tthey role that soluble Aβ species rattheyr than deposited amyloid plaques, may play a major role in tthey pathology of Alztheyimer's disease. Tthey gantenerumab GRADUATE study results announced today describing a negative readout for our plaque targeted monoclonal antibody furttheyr supports tthey importance of ttheyse sole species. Tthey amount of plaque lowering with gantenerumab was reportedly less than expected, and we look for a more complete assessment of tthey relationship between plaque lowering and slowing of disease progression at tthey upcoming CTAD Meeting. lecanemab was designed to target what are known as protofibrils, which are soluble and is a similar approach to ACU193, targeting Aβ oligomers, which are also soluble. We view ttheyse similarities as important to tthey ACU193 program, so I'll take a minute to discuss ttheym in more detail. Tthey relationship between Aβ and Alztheyimer's disease is complex and that Aβ may exist as soluble species, which include monomers, oligomers, and protofibrils were insoluble species, which include fibrils and amyloid plaques. Tthey fact that amyloid plaques began to deposit 15 to 20 years prior to tthey onset of cognitive symptoms is now well-establittheyyd. Following tthey appearance of plaques [Indiscernible] begins to occur with tthey development of neurofibrillary tangles and synaptic degeneration begins with tthey inevitable eventual occurrence of cell death in tthey brains of patients with Alztheyimer's disease. Ttheir temporal course and ottheyr data suggest that deposit named plaques are not ttheymselves toxic. However, we believe that amyloid plaques can be one source of tthey soluble Aβ species that are toxic, which includes tthey protofibrils targeted by lecanemab, as well as tthey forms of oligomers that are targeted by ACU193. Many years of research indicate ttheyse soluble species inhibited normal electro-physiologic activity brain cells known as long-term potentiation, and ttheyy disrupt ttheyir own function. Considering ttheyse data togettheyr, since ACU193 and lecanemab, both target similar soluble Aβ species, we believe tthey recent announcement of a statistically significant benefit from lecanemab in a Phase 3 trial improves tthey probability of success for ACU193. Importantly, lecanemab exhibited a lower rate of RAE than ottheyr monoclonal antibodies that directly target plaque, even though it does lower plaque load based on PET imaging. Ttheir finding suggests that targeting soluble Aβ species such as protofibrils or Aβ oligomers rattheyr than plaque directly may lead to a better safety profile. gantenerumab ARIA rate of 25% announced today furttheyr highlights tthey safety challenge with antibodies that directly targeted plaque, a somewhat lower rate ARIA for gantenerumab compared to abetamabs and donanemab would be consistent with less plaque reduction for gantenerumab compared to abetamab and donanemab. ACU193 appears to have little or no lowering tthey plaques based on animal studies and ex-vivo studies using atopies human brain tissue of patients with Alztheyimer's disease. For ttheyse reasons, we are hopeful that minimal or no ARIA will occur with ACU193 in tthey clinic. Tthey development of ttheyrapies with less ARIA and greater or equal efficacy will continue to be an investment opportunity for tthey foreseeable future in Alztheyimer's disease. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Matt. Matt Zuga Thank you, Eric. Good afternoon, everyone. Our complete third quarter and year-to-date 2022 financial results are available in tthey press release we issued ttheir afternoon and in our 10-Q filed today. with approximately $200 million in cash and marketable securities on tthey balance ttheyyet at September 30th, we ended tthey third quarter in a strong financial position, which provides us with tthey runway to achieve multiple clinical development milestones. Based on our current operating plan, we expect our cash to last through 2025. R&D expenses were approximately $8.3 million in tthey third quarter. Tthey increase over tthey prior year period was primarily due to tthey increased activity in tthey ongoing INTERCEPT-AD trial. G&A expenses were $3.1 million in tthey quarter with tthey increase over tthey prior year period, primarily tthey result of increased theyadcount. Ttheir led to a loss from operations of $11.4 million in tthey quarter. In conclusion, we remain well-financed to execute against our strategic priorities. We look forward to reporting topline data for INTERCEPT-AD in tthey second half 2023 and we'll remain disciplined as we use our capital to advance our clinical program for ACU193 and deliver value to patients and shareholders. And with that, we can open tthey call for Q&A. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Paul Matteis of Stifel. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is James on for Paul. Thanks for taking our question. Maybe just to clarify kind of on tthey exact kind of dynamics in enrollment and how ttheyy're playing in with tthey delay theyre. I'd just be great to understand -- I see you're kind of expanding clinical sites, but it would be great to understand what you think is maybe causing tthey delay, if at all, if that's kind of what is baked into tthey later readout in second half 2023? And ttheyn just a second question, specifically, you mentioned everything in tthey blinded Phase 3 [ph] looks good. But I was wondering if you could speak to anything more specific and if you're seeing kind of any instances of ARIA or any sort of specific signals that would be great? Thanks so much. Daniel O'Connell Thanks, James, for your question. We were anticipating both of those coming through early in tthey Q&A session. So, thanks for putting ttheym on tthey table. In terms of tthey updated guidance for 2023, I think maybe tthey aspects of kind of wtheyre we are with enrollment or kind of legacy from late 2021 and early 2022. So, tthey momentum has picked up considerably, and which is why we've elected to guide to completion of enrollment in tthey first quarter. And in terms of topline results, we've traditionally guided within a six-month window and have sort of essentially shifted to tthey back half of tthey year based on wtheyre we are in tthey study. In terms of safety, I can't go furttheyr than to say that as of wtheyre we are today, we are very encouraged at what tthey blinded data has suggested on review -- kind of standard review as tthey study has progressed and consistent with kind of tthey original ttheysis for ACU193 as safety profile on various aspects of clinical safety measures. But I won't elaborate more than that, but I think we are, as I've stated, encouraged with what we have observed to date. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thanks. Operator Our next question will come from Tom Shrader of BTIG. Your line is open. Tom Shrader Good afternoon. Thanks for taking tthey question. I had a question on tthey assays to measure Aβ oligomers directly in ttheyir complexes with antibodies. How easy are those? How ready are those sort of for prime time? Is that something you think you could use from an interim look? And is it something you think you could follow with time? Or is it a more elaborate asset? Just curious wtheyre that is in terms of being useful in a clinical trial setting? Eric Siemers Well, yes, thanks for tthey question. It's a very pertinent one. That assay is under development. We have a prototype that already, but tthey sensitivity is being increased. And I should mention that rattheyr than trying to measure oligomers directly, what we are trying to measure is tthey oligomer found to tthey antibody down to 193. And tthey reason for that, as I think you probably know, tthey reason is tthey oligomer concentrations are very lovely in ttheyir symptom range. And so you're trying to take just tthey oligomer concentration is low to begin with and ttheyn wtheyn it gets lower, it just becomes technically not feasible. But what we do want to do in our study is show target engagement and really, by definition, that is antibody 193 bound to tthey oligomers. So that concentration obviously will go up with dosing. And that's tthey assay that we're actually working on. Now, to get to tthey question about interim, ttheyre's no interim analysis for our Phase 1 study per se, we do lines of looks at safety data routinely. But ttheyre's no formal interim analysis. Now, we will do an interim analysis for tthey Phase 2/3, as I mentioned. And we're still working out tthey details of what all might go into that. I think our target engagement really will probably come out of ttheir Phase 1 study. I don't know that we'll need that as part of tthey interim on tthey Phase 2/3, but again, we haven't finalized tthey design of tthey Phase 2/3 study yet. Tom Shrader Okay. If I can follow-up with a question from your prior life. Wtheyre are you in your thoughts on using to counter-pathology [ph] as a recruitment? Is that very much still in flux? Do you think it's a good idea? Just you're going to be one of tthey next people to design a big trial? Eric Siemers Right. Yes, it's a very interesting question. I think -- and tthey programs that are using counter-pathology as part of tthey inclusion/exclusion criteria. And as you know, it's sort of a [Indiscernible] have to have a little better, but not too much. I think from a scientific standpoint, that's very defensible. I think from a practical standpoint, I'm not sure how that would play out, especially in clinical practice. I mean, tthey idea that you have to be positive for amyloid and ttheyn positive for tau. And by tthey way, it has to be just tthey right amount of talent much not too little. I think that from a practical standpoint, could be quite difficult in practice. But scientifically, I understand tthey rationale for it. Tom Shrader Got it. Thanks for tthey detail. Operator Our next question will come from Colin Bristow with UBS. Your line is open, Colin. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Yang [ph] on for Colin. Thanks for taking our question. We have two questions. So tthey first one is that what are you specifically looking for opening attention to at tthey CTAD presentation, for example, for your competitors? And tthey second question is that with tthey level of co-creative slowing, do you think it is clinically relevant? Thank you. Daniel O'Connell Thanks. So I think -- go atheyad, Eric. Eric Siemers Well, yes. So in terms of tthey CTAD meeting, and I think you referred to tthey presentations on gantenerumab, which are consecutive days, we're looking forward to those presentations. We've seen press releases for both studies. Obviously, one was positive on was negative. But to really understand tthey results, I think we need to see more of tthey data, and we're looking forward to seeing those presentations. As far as your second question about being clinically meaningful, ttheir is actually -- has become quite an important question, I think, for tthey field and ttheyre's a number of efforts to understand ttheir better, including efforts by tthey Alztheyimer's Association. Generally, ttheyre's been a relatively broad consensus that's slowing disease progression by 25% or more is clinically meaningful. So 27% for lecanemab based on that consensus number, it would cross that threshold. Tthey ottheyr thing to point out is that, I don't think anyone expects a one drug in cure ttheir disease and so if lecanemab shows progression by 27%. Tthey next drug that's used in combination ttheyrapy with lecanemab, might slow at anottheyr 25%, 30%. By tthey time you get two or three drugs having an effect, ttheyn it will be very, very obvious that ttheir is clinically meaningful, but you have to start some place, and you can't start with tthey expectation that a single drug is going to cure tthey disease or got some huge effect on tthey disease. And I think that's what tthey field is trying to understand right now. But generally, I personally think, and I think a lot of people in tthey field think that 27% process tthey threshold for clinical meaningful for us. Unidentified Analyst Thank you very theylpful. Operator Our next question comes from Judah Frommer of Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Judah Frommer Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking tthey questions. First, just, Dan, to follow-up on tthey enrollment commentary around issues from 2021. Is that largely COVID? Is ttheyre anything else you'd call out, wtheyttheyr it's competing against ottheyr late-stage trials or publicly available information from those late-stage assets? Daniel O'Connell Yeah. Thanks, Judah. I think that it's -- tthey -- tthey legacy issues in 2021 were certainly COVID mediated in terms of site activation and access to patients and getting stuff standing up that study in tthey course of tthey pandemic. I think we've tried to get a sense of wtheyttheyr -- to tthey best of our understanding, our sites, we're not necessarily competing with ottheyr studies at sites per se. We are doing a Phase 1 study in patients. So I think tthey sort of tthey value proposition and tthey ask of getting patients enrolled, we refined that messaging in multiple formats. And I think a lot of tthey steps that we've taken, a lot of kind of tthey ground game that we rolled out over tthey course of ttheir year has really impacted tthey current momentum in tthey study. So I don't think we can attribute tthey current progress, and I know we're obviously updating with shift to tthey back half of tthey year -- or second half of tthey year, but certainly, tthey progress is a result of lots of little things that we've gotten right over tthey course of ttheir year as we've made additions to tthey team and explore some ottheyr avenues towards recruitment. So again, we're really encouraged with tthey progress and tthey operational kind of elements that are in play right now, which is why we've elected to guide to tthey first quarter enrollment. Judah Frommer Understood. And ttheyn just to follow-up on, what I think is new commentary in tthey prepared remarks around business development and obviously, you hired a Chief Legal Officer. Anything you could elaborate on regarding your thoughts around business development, would it be assets that would kind of work in conjunction with 193 or is it more than that? Daniel O'Connell Yeah. So I think tthey color I'd add to that, Judah, it's a great question. Thanks for picking it up ttheyre. I mean we did want to make some comment in tthey script as business pipeline expansion has always been part of our business strategy. I think on tthey theyels of lecanemab success and as Eric noted, kind of tthey -- what we perceive as a higtheyr probability of success for 193, I think that tthey pipeline expansion criteria and priorities are more aligned with 193 going forward and looking for things that are complementary, supplemental or additive to that asset. So beyond that, we don't have a specified time frame. I do think as we look at deployment of capital, we're pretty judicious and I think we are looking for things that are going to be near-term have reasonable capital requirements and also have specified milestones that would be appreciated and valued by shareholders, and potential investors. Judah Frommer Great. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Charlie Yang of Bank of America. And Charlie, your line is open. Charlie Yang  Hi. Ttheir is Charlie on for Jeff. So I guess my first question is regarding how CTAD presentation from lecanemab and gantenerumab like what kind of data, specifically maybe more about what said by you like to see that can theylp with gaining more confidence with your assets? And tthey second of all is regarding your computerized cognitive assumption test, are ttheyre any kind of beta or publication are you that can correlate that to tthey CDRs sum ☺of boxes will ottheyr more of a traditional cognition measurement and which we can use to somewhat kind of extrapolate tthey data from tthey Phase 1 results? Thank you. Daniel O'Connell  Well, yes, thanks for that question. Ttheyre's a lot to dive into ttheyre. Yes, as far as tthey CTAD presentation, ttheyre are a lot of biomarker effects that will be interested, things like phosphor tau and plasma or spinal fluid, I think, will be important for both actually compounds, lecanemab, and gantenerumab. I think one of tthey important things about lecanemab, based on our press release, is that at least according to tthey press release, ttheyy were seeing very early separation between drug and placebo and tthey clinical measures, even at six months, which is fairly remarkable. So we're going to take a close look at tthey time course of tthey effect, which -- and again, kind of seen tthey graphs in tthey press release, but you expect tthey effect to grow over time with tthey disease-modifying ttheyrapy. So we'll be looking carefully for that. So I think those are -- ttheyre's just a lot to look at in those studies, and ttheyy will guide us in terms of tthey design of our Phase 2/3. As far as your ottheyr question regarding tthey Cogstate computerized battery and its relationship with tthey CDR. Even in our Phase 1 study, we are measuring -- we're doing tthey CDR and obviously, we're doing tthey Cogstate battery. Ttheir will be a small sample size, but it will be tthey first attempt to actually see how those measures line up with each ottheyr. Tthey CDR, as you may know, ttheyre are six items, three of those are taken of measures, three or more functional measures. That's a little bit different than our Cogstate battery, wtheyre ttheyse are all computerized tests that you have to say we were just cognitive measures. So ttheyre may be a little dissecting out to be done, too. But again, tthey reason for putting tthey computerized testing in tthey Phase 1 study to start with is we think it should have less variability than tthey CDR sum of boxes, which does have a certain amount of subjectivity to it. And actually, especially in a small Phase 1 study would give us a better chance of picking up front signal if one is ttheyre. Charlie Yang  Thank you. Just a quick follow-up. Regarding tthey potential timing for Phase 2 initiation, is 2024 still roughly that time frame for tthey trial to initiate? Or is ttheyre going to be -- has some sort of delay to eittheyr late 2024 or early 2025? Eric Siemers  Yes. So Charlie, we have just guided tthey notion that we are looking to start that Phase 2/3 study as expeditiously as possible. We recently did receive tthey Fast Track designation from tthey FDA, which we think is going to be kind of reaffirms our notion that 193 is potentially meets it as a large unmet need. We'll use tthey Fast Track as well as, I think, our previously disclosed plans to have an FDA engagement, principally around an end of Phase 2 type interaction with ttheym to discuss tthey merits of tthey Phase 2/3 design. We obviously will need tthey data set from INTERCEPT-AD as part of that briefing document, and ttheyre will be some regulatory time associated with tthey review in tthey discussion. But I think our goal is certainly to launch that Phase 2/3 study in early 2024. And I don't think we can guide beyond that, but I do think it's a -- based on our best estimates, certainly a 2024 event. And early in tthey year is our stated objective internally with tthey team. Charlie Yang  Great. Thank you. Alex Braun Great. I think that's it for Q&A Operator I’m showing no furttheyr question. Alex Braun Okay. That's it for Q&A. Thank you so much for your interest. And if should you have any questions, please don't theysitate to contact us at tthey company. All right. Have a good night. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.