Acumen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABOS) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 8, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Alex Braun - Head-Investor Relations Dan O'Connell - Chief Executive Officer Eric Siemers - Chief Medical Officer Matt Zuga - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Business Officer Conference Call Participants Colin Bristow - UBS Paul Matteis - Stifel Tom Shrader - BTIG Pete Stavropoulos - Cantor Fitzgerald Charlie Yang - Bank of America Operator Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Acumen Pharmaceuticals Second Quarter 2023 Update Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre will be a brief overview followed by question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. And I would now like to turn tthey call over to Alex Braun, Head of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad.  Alex Braun Thank you, Austin. Good morning and welcome to tthey Acumen conference call to discuss our business update and financial results for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2023. With me today are Dan O'Connell, our Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Eric Siemers, our Chief Medical Officer; and Matt Zuga, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer. Before we begin, we encourage listeners to go to tthey Investors section of tthey Acumen website to find our press release issued ttheir morning and related slide presentation we'll discuss today. Please note that during today's conference call, we may make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Federal Securities Laws, including statements concerning our financial outlook and expected business plans. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in tthey forward-looking statements. Please see slide 2 of tthey accompanying presentation, our press release issued ttheir morning and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with tthey SEC for important risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise tthey information provided on ttheir call or in tthey accompanying presentation as a result of new information or future results or developments. After our prepared remarks we'll open tthey call for Q&A. Now I'll turn tthey call over to Dan.  Dan O'Connell Thanks, Alex. Good morning, and thanks to everyone who has joined us today. A few weeks ago Acumen presented compelling clinical data in support of ACU193, our asset for tthey treatment of early Alztheyimer's disease. Our positive Phase I top-line results solidify ACU193's potential as a future option in tthey Alztheyimer's treatment paradigm. Tthey success of our novel target engagement assay, robust study design and committed execution enabled us to demonstrate convincing proof of mechanism inclusive of significant amyloid plaque reduction. ACU193 was shown to be safe with a broad ttheyrapeutic index and with attractive dosing options for our next phase of development. We believe ttheyse results substantially derisk our asset beyond our expectations at ttheir stage in its clinical development. I'm extremely proud of our team's achievement and would like to thank our employees, asset investigators and staff and patients and caregivers for ttheyir dedication to advance ACU193 as a potential best-in-class treatment in ttheir important field. If you have not already done so I encourage you to go to tthey Investors section of our website and view tthey webcast from July 17 with our full presentation of tthey INTERCEPT-AD trial Phase I top-line results. Moving forward we are firmly committed to harnessing tthey optionality provided by tthey Phase I data set. We have a knowledgeable and a depth clinical regulatory and CMC team at Acumen with significant large pharma experience in Alztheyimer's drug development. Given tthey positive INTERCEPT-AD trial data including tthey observed rapid plaque reduction by ACU193 our team is working urgently to integrate tthey findings into both our future, clinical plans and our broader strategic priorities. We continue to analyze tthey data from ttheir study and expect furttheyr biomarker data to be available in tthey fourth quarter. We are also finalizing our doses for our next clinical trial which Eric will discuss. We have made modest changes to our planned Phase II/III design given ACU193's ability to rapidly reduce plaque such as incorporating Gabrielloid PET into interim analyses. As previously disclosed, our Phase II/III design incorporates interim analyses to inform tthey potential of expanding tthey size of tthey study from a Phase II to a Phase III study, which we believe is tthey most expeditious route to a BLA filing and potential approval. We continue to anticipate an end of Phase II meeting with tthey FDA to discuss ttheir Phase II/III design in tthey fourth quarter. As mentioned on our July 17 call, we are investigating tthey viability of subcutaneous dosing of ACU193 as we recognize tthey potential attractiveness of ttheir mode of administration to expand patient dosing options. We have made meaningful progress on ttheir front and aim to have more details to share later ttheir year. I should also comment that we are continuously evaluating strategic partnerships and are committed to exploring value-enhancing opportunities that advance ACU193's development and align with Acumen shareholders' interest. Before I turn tthey call over to Eric, I would like to emphasize tthey degree to which our Phase I results have elevated ACU193's profile in tthey field. We believe ACU193's high selectivity to bind into toxic soluble AB oligomers in tthey brain confirmed by our CSF target engagement assay, forges tthey potential to differentiate in terms of clinical efficacy. ACU193's ability to significantly reduce plaque in only three months in line with currently approved and under review anti-A-beta antibodies we believe furttheyr derisks tthey asset's potential to deliver efficacy. Monthly dosing provides anottheyr important point of differentiation. We intend to drive significant momentum from ttheyse timely results and look forward to sharing our progress with you as we execute against our operational and strategic priorities in tthey weeks and months atheyad. With that, I'll hand tthey call over to Dr. Siemers. Eric? Eric Siemers Thanks Dan, and good morning, everyone. As I'm sure you can tell, we are very pleased that our INTERCEPT-AD top line results for ACU193 provided important clinical proof of mechanism data for a monoclonal antibody developed to selectively target toxic A-beta oligomers. We believe ttheyse results support our efforts to develop a best-in-class ttheyrapeutic for Alztheyimer's disease. In addition to tthey demonstration of ACU193 bound to oligomers in CSF, our measure of target engagement we are also very encouraged by tthey rapid dose-related amyloid plaque reduction at our higtheyr doses, 60 milligrams per kilogram every four weeks and 25 milligrams per kilogram every two weeks. Plaque appeared to be reduced at a rate comparable to approved or soon to be approved monoclonal antibodies at a similar time point after starting treatment, in ttheir case around three months. Tthey finding of plaque reduction furttheyr demonstrates tthey evidence of 193's activity in tthey brain and is a positive development given tthey establittheyyd relationship between robust plaque reduction and slowing of cognitive decline. You will see in tthey data we presented that 193 also demonstrated robust dose-related target engagement 193 bound to oligomers as measured by a novel assay developed by Acumen that exceeded expectations. In fact, we observed that our higtheyr doses approach maximal target engagement. Ttheir is a finding that we are particularly excited about given that ttheir is tthey first time an oligomer-targeted antibody has demonstrated target engagement. Taken togettheyr, tthey decrease in plaque load seen at higtheyr doses and clear demonstration of target engagement with oligomers, provides substantial evidence of tthey intended central pharmacology of ACU193 and proof of mechanism. With regard to safety 193 was well tolerated with no drug-related SAEs and overall, low rates of ARIA-E. Interestingly, we did not observe ARIA-E in six study participants, who were dosed with 193 and who were APOE4 homozygotes and we will continue to monitor ttheir finding in our next study as a potential point of differentiation compared to ottheyr monoclonal antibodies for AD. And based on tthey pharmacokinetic profile observed, monthly dosing is supported. Importantly, INTERCEPT-AD provided valuable information required to design tthey next phase of tthey program, including dose selection decisions. We are currently in tthey process of modeling doses for our Phase 2 study arms. We have provisionally identified a high dose of approximately 50 to 60 milligrams per kilogram and are considering a mid-dose in tthey range of 25 to 35 milligrams per kilogram. Ttheyse would be every four-week doses we are confident in our modeling algorithm and are targeting a mid-dose that lies in our target engagement Emax curve in an area wtheyre substantial target engagement occurs. Ttheir is because at that location, we can potentially observe robust target engagement with regard to Oligomers. Based on our Phase 1 plaque reduction data, we believe it is likely that tthey higtheyr dose in our Phase 2/3 study will result in plaque reduction and at tthey lower dose plaque reduction could be demonstrated in a longer-term study. Finally, as far as broader sentiment in tthey Alztheyimer's space, we attended tthey Alztheyimer's Association International Conference in Amsterdam ttheir July and tthey general tone of tthey meeting was very positive. With one monoclonal antibody now having traditional FDA approval and a second antibody likely to achieve traditional approval, after decades of attempting to develop disease-modifying ttheyrapies for Alztheyimer's disease, tthey field is now seeing early successes. While ttheyse new treatments are not a cure for Alztheyimer's disease ttheyy represent a substantial step forward for patients and families. We at Acumen hope to furttheyr advance disease-modifying treatments for Alztheyimer's disease by developing ACU193 as a best-in-class treatment option. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Matt. Matt Zuga Thank you, Eric. Good morning, everyone. As a reminder, our second quarter 2023 financial results are available in tthey press release we issued ttheir morning and in our 10-Q that will be filed later today. As of June 30, we had approximately $172 million in cash and marketable securities on our balance ttheyyet. Following tthey announcement of our positive Phase 1 results in mid-July, we closed an upsized follow-on offering, which brought in net proceeds of approximately $122.2 million. Our cash on hand is expected to support our clinical -- our current clinical and operational activities into tthey second half of 2026. Importantly, we believe that we have enough runway to complete a Phase 2 stand-alone study. As highlighted in our risk factors ttheir timeline could be affected by clinical trial enrollment rates and ottheyr variables as is typical in tthey course of clinical development. R&D expenses were approximately $9.1 million in tthey second quarter of 2023, tthey increase over tthey prior year was primarily due to increased costs related to personnel consulting and ottheyr items related to tthey Phase I clinical trial which we completed during tthey quarter. G&A expenses were $4.3 million in tthey quarter with tthey increase over tthey prior year, primarily tthey result of costs related to personnel and consulting. Ttheir led to a loss from operations of $13.5 million in tthey quarter. We are encouraged by tthey strong support for tthey development of ACU193 following our positive Phase I results and will remain financially disciplined as we use our capital to advance our clinical program for tthey asset and deliver value to patients and shareholders. And with that, we can open tthey call for Q&A. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will be coming from Colin Bristow of UBS. Your line is open. Colin Bristow Hey, can you guys theyar me okay? Dan O'Connell We can, yeah. Colin Bristow Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking tthey question. So I was just wondering, what additional analyses if any and sort of referring to CSF and plasma biomarkers have you done since your top line? And anything you can perhaps share with us? And if not, what sort of additional updates and analyses can we expect over tthey next 6 months to 12 months? And ttheyn just maybe since 193, have a mechanistic profile which is now sort of close to approximate to lecanemab, can you maybe just again just take us through how you see or what you expect to be tthey key points of differentiation versus lecanemab? Thank you. Eric Siemers Well, great. Yes. So, ttheir is Eric. And as far as tthey biomarker question, it's a really prudent question. As you well know, CSF and plasma biomarkers is a rapidly developing field. And we've all along said that, we are going to follow tthey field carefully and send off tthey biomarkers that appear to be tthey most promising. And so we didn't have all that prearranged at tthey time we did tthey study. But what we've now done, and we're in tthey process of finalizing is establishing contracts to look at biomarkers to ship tthey samples to get tthey results and those results will come in later in tthey year. So we'll look at tthey kinds of things that appear to be promising in tthey field right now. So you probably know tthey A-beta 42 to 40 ratio, especially in CSF, but also in plasma is receiving a lot of attention P-tau P-tau217 is we're receiving a lot of attention. We think that GFAP, because it represents astrocyte function could be very interesting along with neurogranin because it reflects synaptic function. So we'll be sending tthey CSF and plasma samples out for those assays. In terms of what results, we might anticipate ttheir was a short study. People got at most three doses of drug and so it's possible that we would see a drug effect but not necessarily likely. So tthey biggest reason for doing ttheyse assays in ttheir study is to provide experience for tthey next studies wtheyn those biomarkers will actually be very crucial in tthey development program. So we may see a drug effect in ttheir study. We may not but tthey important thing is we'll have ttheyn tthey experience with ttheyse assays to apply to our next study. With regard to differentiation, I think I'll just turn that one back to Dan.  Dan O'Connell Sure. Thanks, Eric, and thanks Colin for tthey question. I think in terms of differentiation to lecanemab, we're looking at both dimensions of safety and efficacy. With some basis for that supported in tthey INTERCEPT-AD study, but also most importantly tthey next study being tthey one to really provide clinical proof of concept and maybe a path towards registration. And those will be -- tthey ability to push those and have better ttheyrapeutic coverage over toxic A-beta oligomers is an important aspect of ttheir. And I think, tthey general selectivity for 193 as we reported is 500-fold selective for oligomers over monomer and roughly 90-fold selected for oligomers over fibrils. So we think that, tthey approach that we're taking is to demonstrate comparable or better safety profile. But ultimately, we're really looking to drive clinical benefit in terms of efficacy and that would obviously be a key point of differentiation within tthey field.  Colin Bristow Great. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question is coming from Paul Matteis of Stifel. Your line is open. Paul Matteis Hi, ttheyre. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to clarify some of tthey comments you made around tthey 25 to 35 mg per kg once-monthly dose that you're planning. What exactly do you expect as it relates to plaque reduction from that dose level? You obviously saw plaque reduction at 25 every ottheyr week in ttheir study. And I think in your prior comments, you had talked about CSF exposure data from earlier in ttheir trial supporting that sufficient drug levels were still on board out to I think three weeks that you were hopeful in monthly. And so certainly encouraging that you're pursuing monthly, but I guess what's tthey gap ttheyre for why you wouldn't expect ttheir dose to match as well on plaque reduction of some of tthey ottheyr A-beta antibodies?  Eric Siemers Yeah. I guess I can take that. Ttheir is Eric. We've spent a lot of work obviously looking at doses for tthey next study. And we are narrowing down tthey range as you point out, but we haven't finalize those. So one of tthey things to be aware of and ttheir is a little bit of an anecdote, but wtheyn we first designed tthey INTERCEPT study our Phase I study ttheyre was a post-dose PET scan in ttheyre and a few people with tthey Acumen said well why do you need that? We don't target plaque. And my reply was that's tthey ttheyory, let's find out what happens. And so wtheyn we got tthey data, we saw -- we did see ttheir plaque reduction at tthey higtheyr doses. And I think it's just an important lesson for drug development generally is don't expect that you know what tthey results are going to be, but you have to look for those results. And so that's really exactly what we're going to do actually even for both doses in our next study. So I think at tthey higtheyr dose based on our INTERCEPT data, we have a pretty high likelihood that we'll see plaque reduction at that higtheyr dose. At tthey lower dose, we really will see what we get. We got some plaque reduction at 25 mg per kg, but every two weeks so a total of 50 mg per kg every month, but that was only with three administrations of drug. So tthey next study will be 18 months. So it will be a longer study. And we'll see what will happen to plaque at that lower dose. Now again, our target is actually merger our original target. Tthey plaque reduction is -- it's not a bad thing, but it's not necessary for us to have efficacy or at least that's our view. And so I think it's -- ttheir is like to do tthey studies to get tthey results. And so wtheyttheyr we'll see plaque reduction at tthey lower dose or not, I think is an open question at ttheir point. But eittheyr way, once you get into a Phase II/III study, it's all about clinical efficacy and that's what you really need to be starting to focus on. So it's a great science experiment. We're going to do it, but we're also sort of shifting to wtheyre tthey emphasis is going to be on some of tthey clinical measures.  Paul Matteis Okay. Thanks, Eric. Appreciate it. And ttheyn just one question on tthey subcu. I know it's early but based on some of your preliminary modeling work what do you think you might be looking at in terms of tthey range of different drug volumes you might test and also tthey frequency of potential injections?  Dan O'Connell Yeah. Thanks, Paul. I'll theyar that. I mean I think it's a little early for us to comment on tthey -- those details. Sorry, ttheyre's a little feedback. So in tthey fourth quarter ttheir work is ongoing. We've got good insights since wtheyre we're theyaded. I do think that tthey -- we do not anticipate a high dose of 50 or 60 mg per kg to be available to subcu format. I think we could be clear on that, but I do -- but we'll have more details I think on precisely tthey plan and how we expect to proceed with tthey subcu in tthey fourth quarter.  Paul Matteis Okay. All right. Thank you. Operator Thank you for your question. And our next question will be coming from Tom Shrader of BTIG. Your line is open. Tom Shrader Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey call. Given tthey robustness of your oligomer binding assay how interested are you in tthey level of 193 you need to saturate a oligomer once plaque has gone? And do you think you'll get those data from tthey next trial? And ttheyn a second inclusion trial is, how appealing is to do some screening for tau. I think Lilly has shown or suggested you can really increase tthey separation between treated and untreated if you screen for tau.  Eric Siemers So yeah, thanks Tom for tthey question. And in terms of essentially being an antibody excess versus oligomers, I mean that's something that we've spent a lot of time thinking about. One sort of detail that I think it addresses tthey point is that if you take 193 tthey antibody and just spike it into spinal fluid from a person with Alztheyimer's, you get a little bit of a signal on that target engagement assay, but not very much. But wtheyn you give it to people intravenously and ttheyn it obviously goes through bringing interstitial space and whatnot you get a much bigger signal. So it tells us or at least I would think that that means that it's going through a compartment wtheyre tthey oligomer concentrations are substantially higtheyr than in CSF, which I think intuitively makes a lot of sense. So in terms of wtheyn are you really in antibody excess, so you're talking about an antibody excess in a compartment bringing interstitial fluid that you can't directly sample. So it's a tricky thing to figure out. We do know that -- and we are constantly doing additional analyses on ttheyse data. But if you look at plaque load with regard to target engagement signal, ttheyre's no relationship ttheyre. Ttheyre was some thought that maybe tthey oligomers were sort of attactheyd to tthey plaques and tthey more plaque had at baseline tthey bigger target engagement signal you would get. And ttheyre's no real clear evidence that that's tthey case. So ttheyse oligomers are in a compartment that appears to be independent really of plaque, but it's different than spinal fluid. So tthey team is working on an assay now to look at free oligomers in spinal fluid with all tthey caveats with spinal fluids not really tthey compartment wtheyre tthey action is. But tthey team is working on an assay to do that. It's technically really difficult oligomer concentration in spinal fluid are really low or less than two peak amolar to start with. And ttheyn with tthey antibody ttheyy'll become even lower. So it's technically a difficult thing to do, but tthey team is working on that. And ttheyn, tthey ottheyr thing just briefly is in terms of tau and using that to select patients. That again which obviously is what Lilly did it's a really wonderful science experiment. I'm not sure, how that will play out in terms of clinical medicine because that means that people have to be amyloid positive based on a PET scan or spinal fluid. And ttheyn on top of that you have to be tau positive but right in tthey right range of tau positive and basically, it means that one out of 10 people that you screen for tthey ttheyrapy will be essentially eligible for it. So it's a really interesting from a scientific standpoint. I'm just not sure that practically that would be something you could do in tthey clinic. So we're going to obviously look at tau at baseline and see if that co varies with efficacy and all of that. But we have made tthey decision not to include tau as it includes an, exclusion criteria. We will of course make amyloid positivity and an, inclusion/exclusion criteria, but we're not going to specify a certain level of tau. Tom Shrader Great. Thanks for tthey thoughtful answers. Operator Thank you. One moment for tthey next question. And our next question will be coming -- one moment please. Our next question will be coming from Pete Stavropoulos of Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open. Pete Stavropoulos Hi Dan, Matt and Eric. Thank you for taking our questions. So now that you've had several weeks to socialize tthey data internally and externally. Just curious to, theyar if your thoughts have evolved in terms of possible reasons from a mechanistic standpoint on tthey lack of ARIA in ApoE homozygotes and observed only in females. Is it by chance, or is ttheyre some plausible mechanistic reasoning? Thank you. Eric Siemers Yeah. That's a great question too. In terms of just occurring in females, I honestly don't have a good explanation for that. It could be [indiscernible]. We'll see, I mean Alztheyimer's disease is a bit more common in females, but still I don't have off tthey top answer on that. In terms of tthey ApoE homozygotes ttheyre was a preprint of a paper that just came out ttheir week that actually showed that people who were ApoE4 carriers had a different morphology to ttheyir plaque than people who are non-carriers which would suggest that one possibility is that ACU193 targets an epitope that's maybe a little bit different than tthey plaque targeting antibodies that have ttheir relationship between ARIA and ApoE. So tthey first thing - well and tthey ottheyr thing even in terms of tthey homozygotes observation, I mean ttheir is a small sample size Phase 1 study we need to see if it replicates, but if it does replicate I think that is a clear point of differentiation for ACU193. And we'll have to have a lot of furttheyr discussions about what tthey mechanism might be but it clearly would differentiate ACU193. Pete Stavropoulos All right. Thank you for taking my questions. Operator Thank you. One moment for tthey next question. And tthey next question will be coming from Judah Frommer of Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hey, guys. Ttheir is Nick on for Judah. Thanks for taking our question. So with lecanemab reimbursement and post-infusion monitoring seemingly getting more traction recently we're just wondering, what's tthey read-through for 193 at tthey safety profile that we saw last month holds up. I know we were just talking about differentiation from lecanemab but I just wanted to just to confirm is tthey ARIA occurrence that we see with lecanemab is that tthey right bar that you'd be looking to be with 193? Thanks. Eric Siemers Yes. Thanks, Nick. I mean that – I think clearly we do think that tthey ARIA rate for lecanemab is tthey benchmark for sort of a safety profile in tthey syndication. And we think 193 can be as good or better on that score. So that is our intent to demonstrate that in a longer duration study. Operator Thank you. And our next question. Our next question is coming from Charlie Yang of Bank of America. Your line is open. Dan O'Connell Hey, Charlie. Charlie Yang Hey, sorry I think I missed that earlier. Yes. Thanks for taking tthey question. Ttheir is Charlie for Jeff. I have two questions please. First can you clarify regarding tthey reason for not specifying at tthey donanemab [ph] I mean I understand that it's scientifically interesting, but I think given tthey consistency in terms of what Lilly has shown with tthey trial, as well as I guess somewhat more of a preliminary post-hoc data with lecanemab that also show some favorability in terms of tthey efficacy in tthey kind of lower to intermediate tau patients. I'm just wondering would it make sense to have that as an inclusion or exclusion quite to actually improve tthey probability of success? That's number one. And number two can you just discuss tthey kind of like tthey cash rate that you have I think just given how long tthey trial will run for Phase II it seems like by tthey end of tthey – by tthey end of cash way that's kind of around tthey timing wtheyn you'll end up with your cash. So what's tthey – I guess what's tthey outlook in terms of kind of doing anottheyr race or perhaps having some sort of partnership prior to tthey actual readout?  Dan O'Connell Yes. So thanks, Charlie. Yes Eric, if you want to hit tthey first one I can – Matt or I can take tthey second.  Eric Siemers Yes, yes exactly. So yes, again, in terms of using tau as an inclusion, exclusion criteria, which essentially and we'll see what tthey label ends up being for donanemab but more than likely you'll have something in tthey label that will track with that. Again, I think it's a great science experiment. I don't think – I think it will be a real challenge in terms of making that work in tthey world of clinical medicine. Now what we are doing in our study and so our patient population is in early Alztheyimer's disease, right? And so ttheyse are people with eittheyr MCI or mild dementia, but not beyond that. So, tthey lowest minimal score you can have is 22, for instance. We've also -- and ttheir is some ongoing analyses that we're doing is in our INTERCEPT study, we actually used a hybrid model of looking at amyloid positivity. So, it wasn't just based on a PET scan SUVr it could also be based on a visual read, which may actually be able to allow you to pick up people who are amyloid positive, but not so blatantly that ttheyy cross an SUVr threshold. And so that I think will theylp us dial in, with ttheir milder population without having to take tthey extra step of a tau PET scan. Now looking to tthey future, and I don't think tthey field is ttheyre just yet but ttheyre may be some time in tthey future wtheyn one of ttheyse plasma tau assays could be useful. And we'll obviously, continue to track that. But in terms of our next trial, which is a Phase II/III so if it becomes a Phase III trial that's a registration trial, we have to make that mirror clinical practice as it exists more or less today. And so, that was tthey overall thought process in terms of tthey design of tthey Phase II/III trial. So, for tthey cash question.  Matt Zuga Yes. Thanks. So, Charlie at tthey current time, we have runway through tthey interim readouts anticipated for our Phase II/III study based on our current assessment today. We believe, that we have enough from way to finish a Phase II stand-alone study, should we not expand it to Phase III following a positive interim analyses. Of course, tthey timeline could be affected by tthey pace of clinical site initiation, enrollment rates, et cetera. But generally, based on our current planning we do have a cash runway through a stand-alone Phase II study subject to tthey qualifiers that I mentioned. In terms of partnering, we think tthey optionality of using a Phase II/III design with tthey potential to expand tthey Phase III. As I mentioned earlier on tthey call is, tthey fastest potential path to a BLA filing and potential approval and we would anticipate and continue to have engagement from prospective partners, as to potentially working with us particularly in terms of tthey Phase III portion of tthey development of ACU193. So, those things are kind of part of our bread and butter of our strategy, and will continue to evolve over tthey course of tthey next year itself.  Charlie Yang Great. Thanks so much Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes tthey Q&A session. I don't see any more questions in queue. And I'd like to turn tthey call back over to management, for closing remarks.  Alex Braun Great. Thanks, Austin. Thank you everyone, today for listening in. We theyre at tthey company are always available, if you have furttheyr questions. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.