Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call October 29, 2021 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Ivan Kaufman – CEO Paul Elenio – CFO Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney – JMP Securities Rick Shane – JP Morgan Steptheyn Laws – Raymond James Jade Rahmani – KBW Leon Cooperman – Omega Family Office Operator Please standby. Your program is about to begin. [Operator Instructions]. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to tthey Third Quarter 2021 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey call over to your speaker today, Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Leo, and good morning, everyone. And welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we'll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended September 30th, 2021. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans, and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions, and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners, of course, should not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I'll now turn tthey call over to Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul. And thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release, we have anottheyr outstanding quarter with many significant accomplishments, including exceptional operating results. It is very important for us to continue to emphasize tthey value of having multiple products with diverse income streams, which has allowed us to consistently grow our earnings and dividends while maintaining a very low dividend payout ratio. We've strategically built an annuity-based business model in creating multiple income change from a single investment. As a result, not only did we generate strong risk adjusted return on capital, which positively affect our current earnings. More importantly, we are also building a much higtheyr-quality future earnings and dividend growth story by ensuring that our assets will provide us with multiple hollow products in tthey future. And ttheir is one of tthey major differentiator of our business platform, which is why we strongly believe we should consistently trade at a substantial premium and much lower dividend yield than anyone else in our peer group. Our record results combined with our very positive outlook on tthey long term growth of our platform has allowed us to once again increase our dividend to $0.36 a share. Ttheir is our 6th consecutive quarterly dividend increase, and our 10th increase in tthey last 13 quarters. All while maintaining tthey lowest dividend payout ratio in tthey industry. We built a premium operating platform which, as I mentioned in tthey past, has focused on tthey right asset classes with very stable liability structures. We have a thriving Balance Stheyet, GSE agency, private label, and single-family rental as well as an industry-leading securitization platform that will allow us to produce a long track record of exceptional performance with consistent earnings and dividend growth. And as a result, we've been tthey top performing REIT in our space for five consecutive years now in all tthey major performance metrics, including earnings and dividend growth, ROE and total shareholder return. And again, we are very confident in our ability to continue to produce outstanding results in tthey future. Before we discuss tthey details of our quarterly results, I want to highlight some of our more notable recent accomplishments. We had a very active and successful quarter in many areas of our business. We produced tremendous transaction volumes originating in excess of $4 billion in new loans, and investments ttheir quarter, including $2.5 billion in Balance Stheyet loan originations, which is anottheyr new record. We have now closed $10 billion in loans through tthey first 9 months of tthey year. And just as importantly, our pipeline is currently at an all-time high. We're once again in tthey capital market successfully raising approximately $615 million of accretive capital to fund ttheir growth. We issued $270 million of 5 year 4.5% unsecured debt and $345 million of new 6.25 perpetual preferred equity, which will be extremely accretive to our future earnings in dividends. Every time we raise capital, is to fund our growing Balance Stheyet loan business, which is not only accretive to our current earnings in dividends, but also allows us to build a pipeline for 2 to 3 years of new GSE agency and private label loans that produce additional long-term dated income streams ensuring tthey growth of our platform and creating high-quality earnings and dividends for tthey future. We're also very successful and continue to access tthey CLO securitization market in tthey third quarter. Closing our 16th and largest CLO to date, totaling $1.5 billion with very favorable terms and pricing. We have consistently been a leader in tthey CLO securitization market as financing a high-quality Balance Stheyet portfolio, with tthey appropriate liability structures continuing to be one of tthey key business strategies. Tthey utilization of ttheyse vehicles has contributed greatly cost success by allowing us to appropriately match fund our assets with non-recourse, non-mark-to-market, long-term debt and generate attractive levered returns on our capital, and provide us with a rock-solid balance ttheyyet. And in October, we're very pleased to have closed our third private label securitization totaling $535 million with a very effective execution, which will contribute greatly to our fourth quarter earnings and continues to demonstrate tthey strength and diversity of our versatile lending platform and tremendous securitization expertise. Turning now to our third quarter performance, as Paul will discuss more detail, our quarterly financial results were once again remarkable. We produced distributable earnings of $0.49 per share, which is well in excess of our current dividend, representing a payout ratio of around 75%. and a Balance Stheyet business we're seeing tremendous growth and efficiencies as we continue to scale our platform in a very rapid pace. We are a top Balance Stheyet lender in tthey industry which has allowed us to grow our loan book anottheyr 24% in tthey third quarter on record quarterly volume of $2.5 billion. We have already grown our Balance Stheyet 67% ttheir year to 9.2 billion at September 30th and a pipeline is also at an all-time high, which will allow us to continue to meaningfully grow our loan book going forward. And, again, I want to emphasize tthey significant volume of tthey Balance Stheyet business, which not only generates strong revenue returns on our capital, but very importantly, ttheyse investments also provide us tthey future agency and private label transactions with long-dated income streams. We continue to experience strong growth in our GSE agency platform, and we are seeing significant increased momentum on private label program as well. We originated approximately $1.1 billion in agency loans in tthey third quarter and $1.7 billion including our private label business. We also have a robust pipeline giving us confidence in our ability to produce significant agency and private label volumes for tthey balance of our year. Our GSE, an agency platform, continues to offer premium value as it requires limited capital and generate significant returns, long-dated predictable income trends and produces significant annual cash flow.  Additionally, our $26 billion GSE agency servicing portfolio, which has grown 16% in tthey last year, is mostly prepayment protected and generates approximately, $120 million a year and growing and reoccurring cash flow, which is up 19% from $101 million annually last year. Ttheir is in addition to tthey strong gain on sale margins we continue to generate from our origination platform, which combined with new and increasing servicing revenues, will contribute -- will continue to contribute greatly to our earnings and dividends. We're also pleased with tthey continued growth we experienced in our single-family rental platform. In tthey third quarter, we committed to anottheyr 150 million of product and our produced 500 million of volume for tthey first 9 months of tthey year. We also have well over $1 billion of additional deals, not pipeline making us optimistic about tthey growth opportunities in ttheir segment of our business. We are a leader, in tthey build-to-rent space, which provides us with tthey opportunity to originate construction bridge and permanent loans in tthey same transaction. And again, similar to our balance ttheyyet business in tthey platform provides us yet anottheyr path to future transactions that will produce additional long-dated income streams. In summary, we had anottheyr exceptional quarter and a well-positioned to close out 2021 as anottheyr record year. We have developed a unique multi-tiered annuity-based operating platform that provides us with future annuity of high-quality, long-dated income streams, making us confident in our ability to continue to grow our earnings and dividends and significantly outperform our peers. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Thank you, Ivan. As Ivan mentioned, we had anottheyr exceptional quarter producing distributable earnings of $76 million or $0.47 per share and $0.49 per share, excluding a one-time realized loss of $2.8 million on a non-multifamily asset that we had taken a reserve on early last year as a result of tthey pandemic. Ttheyse quarterly results once again translated into industry high ROE s of approximately 17% and have allowed us to increase our dividend to an annual run rate of a $1.44 a share. And ttheir dividend increase reflects our 6th consecutive quarterly increase and our 22nd increase in tthey last 10 years. Our financial results continue to benefit greatly from many aspects of our diverse annuity-based business model, including significant growth in our agency, private label, and Balance Stheyet business platforms that produce substantial gain on sale margins, long dated servicing income, and strong levered returns on our capital. Additionally, as we mentioned in tthey past, tthey credit quality of our portfolio has been outstanding. As we have very little exposure to tthey asset classes that've been affected tthey most by tthey recession and we also believe we have adequately reserves against those positions. During tthey theyight of tthey pandemic, we recorded approximately $35 million in reserves, related to ttheyse assets. As we mentioned on our last call, we successfully sold one of our positions in tthey second quarter, completely recovering a $7.5 million reserve we had against ttheir asset and collecting $3.5 million in back interest. And in tthey third quarter, we resolved anottheyr one of ttheyse loans receiving a payoff of $2 million on a $4.7 million asset that we had a $3.8 million reserve on. Resulting in a charge-off of approximately $2.8 million and a reserve recovery of $1 million. We've also seen positive developments with our non-performing loans as trends continue to improve. We received a full payoff of $24 million loan, including recovering approximately 3 million of unpaid interest during tthey quarter, and we continue to make progress on our remaining NPLs as well. We have always pride ourselves and investing theyavily in our asset management function and tthey success we're having in working out ttheyse assets furttheyr demonstrates tthey value of our unique platform. Looking at tthey results from our GSE agency business, we originated 1.1 billion in loans and recorded 1 billion in loan sales in tthey third quarter. Tthey margin on our GSE agency loan sales was 1.60% in tthey third quarter, compared to 1.83% in tthey second quarter, Mminly due to higtheyr percentage of FHA loan sales in tthey second quarter, which carry a much higtheyr profit margin. Additionally as Ivan mentioned, we were very active in our private label program originating $625 million of new loans in tthey third quarter, as well as completing our third private-label securitization totaling $535 million in October. And in tthey third quarter, we also recorded $33 million of mortgage servicing right income related to $1.9 billion of committed loans, representing an average MSR rate of around 1.75% compared to 2.20% last quarter, mainly due to a higtheyr mix of FHA and private label loans in tthey third quarter that contain lower servicing fees. Our servicing portfolio of 26 billion has a weighted average servicing fee of 46 basis points and an estimated remaining life of nine years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward of around a $120 million gross annually which is up approximately $19 million or 19% on an annualized basis from tthey same time last year.  Additionally, prepayment fees related to certain loans that have yield maintenance provisions, increased substantially to $11 million for tthey third quarter compared to $4 million for tthey second quarter, mainly due to significantly more run-off ttheir quarter. And tthey current tax provision related to our TRS operations was down for approximately $4 million ttheir quarter from approximately $11 million last quarter. Ttheir decrease was largely related to less gain on sale income on our agency business ttheir quarter due to our second private label securitization closing last quarter, and from a change in tthey mix of our taxable agency business income as a result of tthey significant growth, we continue to experience in our Balance Stheyet business. Ttheir change in mix effectively lowered our overall estimated effective tax rate for tthey year, resulting in a catch-up reduction to our third quarter current tax vision of around $3 million. In our balance ttheyyet lending operation, we grew our portfolio anottheyr 24% to $9.2 billion in tthey third quarter on record quarterly volume of $2.5 billion. Our $9.2 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yield of 4.97% at September 30th compared to 5.33% at June 30th, mainly due to higtheyr rates on runoff as compared to new originations during tthey quarter. Tthey average balance in our core investments increased substantially to $8.2 billion ttheir quarter from $6.6 billion last quarter, mainly due to significant growth we experienced in both tthey second and third quarters. Tthey average yield on ttheyse investments was 5.55% for tthey third quarter, compared to 5.85% for tthey second quarter. Again, mainly due to higtheyr interest rates on runoff as compared to originations in tthey second and third quarters. Total debt on our core assets was approximately 8.6 billion at September 30th, with all in debt cost of approximately 2.64%, which was down from a debt cost of around 2.79% at June 30th, mainly due to a reduction in tthey cost to fronts from our new CLO vehicle and reduce rates in our warehouse and repurchase agreements during tthey third quarter. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was up to approximately $7.3 billion for tthey third quarter from $5.9 billion for tthey second quarter, mostly due to financing tthey growth in our portfolio and issuing $270 million of senior unsecured notes during tthey third quarter. And tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities increased -- decreased to 2. 76% for tthey third quarter from 2.89% for tthey second quarter. Again, mainly due to tthey full impact of reduced pricing in our CLO vehicles and warehouse facilities. Our overall net interest spreads on our core assets decreased to 2.79% ttheir quarter, compared to 2.96% last quarter, and our overall spot net interest spreads were also down to 2.33% at September 30th, from 2.54% at June 30th from yield compression on new origination's as compared to runoff. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning, I'll now turn it back to tthey Operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time, Leo? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Steve Delaney of JMP Securities. Steve Delaney Good morning, Ivan and Paul. Congrats, not just on ttheyse results, which you keep putting up every quarter but finally, for tthey performance of ABR stock ttheir year with tthey 41% gain that, has really benefited our clients and we appreciate that. And I did theyar your comments, Ivan, that you certainly -- to go on that, but it is a nice accomplishment ttheir year and I want to recognize that. Ivan Kaufman Thanks Steve. Steve Delaney Sure. Wtheyn you started tthey private label business, we saw it as kind of a more defensive thing, post-COVID, what's -- wtheyre Freddie and Fannie going to be? I hope, you know and it obviously is become more than that. And I'm curious just from tthey borrowers perspective, with tthey benefits are, you're obviously able to find new loans from borrowers who would like a private execution rattheyr than Freddie and Fannie, just sort of theylp us understand tthey dynamics ttheyre and why ttheyy select your -- take your private execution versus agency. Thanks. Ivan Kaufman That's a great question. And let me give you a little perspective. It's all about tthey math, right? Right now, you have tthey two agencies that are going to do about $160 billion between tthey two with ttheyir caps, it's what ttheyy did last year. 50% of that is going to be for mission driven business. Only $80 billion that's now available for non-mission business. Keep in mind multi-family values are up around 30% over tthey last 15 to 18 months, so that's $30 billion. Like, $50 billion, right? Of agency product available. Tthey market's about a $400 billion market. So tthey private label while it was a necessary product because tthey footprint of tthey agencies might've gotten cut back on tthey Calabrio. Tthey math I just laid out to you shows you that ttheyy are cut back relative to tthey size and growth of tthey market. So that void has to be filled, and wtheyn tthey agencies get filled, tthey pricing backs up, and ttheyn tthey private label actually becomes a better execution on a pricing basis for non-mission business. So for me, it's just math. So, it's not as though tthey agencies are unlimited. Ttheyy are limited and very limited in context to tthey size of tthey market -- in tthey growth for tthey market. So we believe that we'll continue to be an outstanding product. We're very unique in tthey sense that, we are one of tthey few who have tthey capital base to hold product while it's in form for securitization. Securitize it, retain tthey B-pieces as attractive yields and really manage that part of tthey market. We are a lender, wtheyn it comes to products we're not a broker. And I think clients will really respect tthey fact that we are tthey lender. We close our own product and while we buy our own pieces and we service our product. So I believe ttheir is going to be an extremely competitive aspect in tthey market for us as we go forward. Steve Delaney That's really theylpful. I have to tell you, I hadn't -- I've been watching tthey monthly volumes for Freddie and Fannie ttheir year. And ttheyy are kind of puny, and you see $4 billion, $3, $4 billion. And you're thinking, you've got room, why aren't you lending more, but you just told me something I hadn't focused on and that is, ttheyy don't have an unlimited amount of normal higtheyr income type property ttheyy can do. Because ttheyy have to first hit ttheyir 50% mission driven mandate, and that really does theylp put it in context going forward, so that's very theylpful. So it sounds like its a business opportunity that should have legs going forward. Certainly, as long as ttheyse caps have that component and I can't imagine tthey affordable being reduced anytime soon. Sir. Thank you. Ivan Kaufman And it will become more dominant. And I think because of tthey way we're structured, tthey way we'd love business, it gives us a unique competitive advantage and we're going to really work on that as well. Steve Delaney And you mentioned you're not a broker, but you're a lender. I think, Ivan, I've lost having a handle on how large your production platform has become. Just curious if you can share with us how many producers, as a percentage you over all theyad count, how many producers do you have? And have you found tthey opportunity or tthey need to open any regional offices around tthey country beyond your New York theyadquarters? Thanks. Ivan Kaufman So we have, I believe, approximately 25 originators. All of which primarily have been homegrown. We really don't hire outside. Steve Delaney Got it. Ivan Kaufman And we really can't add anybody right now. We're at full capacity in terms of production and capability. Our biggest restraint right now is people. We have turned away business in our fourth quarter. It's insignificant. We're at our peak, we can't produce anymore. And it's just tthey way it is in tthey market, everybody is extraordinarily busy. We're probably busier than most. Our balance ttheyyet has been outperforming even our own expectations. But underwriters and analysts, in short form, we've been able to retain a majority of our people, add in a little bit, use some third-parties out ttheyre, but we're full. So by now we just want to handle what our originators are bringing in. And I think hopefully in tthey first quarter, we can add to staff a little bit and manage tthey demand we have. Steve Delaney Thanks for tthey comments. Operator We'll take our next question from Rick Shane of JP Morgan. Rick Shane  Thanks guys for taking my questions ttheir morning. Look, I'd like to talk a little bit about tthey agency business and how we should think about tthey difference between tthey pipeline on tthey Fannie-Freddie paper and tthey price label. I'm curious if ttheyre are differences in terms of tthey accumulation periods for each, with tthey whole time look like. And more importantly, how we should think about theydging and revenue recognition? Is ttheyre anything in terms of pipeline theydging with rates moving around we should be aware of? Ivan Kaufman So in terms of our pipeline, Paul can get more granular than I can. He has all tthey numbers. But our pipeline is -- I think all-time highs on all product types. Clearly, tthey FHA pipeline, that period of time to close those loans, probably is averaging nine months right now. 6 to 9 months, ttheyy're extremely backed up. Tthey gestation period to go through tthey system is long. Typically, Fannie and Freddie loans are anywtheyre between 45 to 90 days from time of application to time of close. Things are a little backed up right now with third-parties and turnaround times, both at tthey agencies and theyre, so all those taking a little bit longer. Our bridge pipeline is as strong as ever, and we're actually quoted right now to close bridge loans which used to be done within 45 days, we're quoting 75 to 90, just good for tthey backup on tthey industry on third-parties and our own processing systems. Tthey demand for bridge product is extremely strong. I think what we're seeing in tthey market, are people buying a lot of product today, and ttheyy're seeing that new rents are 5% to 10% above old rents. So ttheyy want to bridge tthey product for 12 months, get full unit turns, and ttheyn do a permanent take-out. So that philosophy fits in very well with our business model, which will do tthey bridge loan get great risk-adjusted returns and ttheyn turn it into an agency loan. And ttheyn once again, get additional gain on sale and get long-term bridge loans and have proprietary deal flow. So that has worked extremely well for our business model, and we see that be very, very strong all tthey way through tthey end of tthey year, and we've already booked -- booking most of our closings for January and February, believe it or not. So, that's how our overall outlook. In terms of floating-rate book, we, in tthey past six to nine months have been very liberal in terms of people buying caps. As of last week, we've made it mandatory for people to buy caps, however, will constrain that rates may rise. And in fact, we have tthey rights under our documents that require people to buy caps. For loans in our portfolio, we're all going through our portfolio now and having people buy rate caps. I have a little bit of concern that, ttheyre will be a little bit of a rise in rates and we want to protect ourselves against that. So that's our overall philosophy. Paul, do you want to add anything to that? Paul Elenio Sure. So Rick, to some of your ottheyr questions, we will look at tthey agency business or tthey GSE agency business and tthey APL business from an execution perspective. Is that as you know, tthey GSE agency business, wtheyn we rate locked a loan, we're immediately selling it forward in tthey forward commitment. So that's how we theydge our interest rate risks. We really have no interest rate risk, because at tthey time, we rate locked a loan. We're immediately selling it forward with a commitment, so that's our theydge. And that usually gets taken out within 30 to 60 days on average, 45 days from tthey day of closing, to tthey day of sale through tthey agency. So, that's how we handle that execution. As far as tthey pipeline, and we did about $1 billion -- $101 billion of straight GSE agency business. In tthey third quarter, we've already done in October, $450 million, so we're off to a good start. I would say tthey fourth quarter is probably going to be, hopefully a little elevated from tthey third, but that's what we're expecting. On tthey APL business, as you may have seen in tthey balance ttheyyet, we had about $780 million of APL on our balance ttheyyet at tthey end of September. We accumulate that product, it's a little bit of a longer run anywtheyre from three to six months, more closer to three months. Probably somewtheyre 90 to 180 days as we accumulate it. And that 780 that we had on our balance ttheyyet, we did execute as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, a $535.3 million third securitization in October. So we're left with $225 million of that product on our balance ttheyyet after that trade. And as we originate in tthey fourth quarter, we'll hopefully get enough product in demand to pull for anottheyr execution at some point. As far as tthey theydging goes and tthey revenue recognition, it's really quite simple. So, on tthey agency side, we don't have a theydge because I said mentioned we have a forward commitment. And on tthey APL side, because those are fixed rate loans without a forward commitment as we accumulate ttheym on our balance ttheyyet, we do enter into interest rate swaps. And we entered in those to protect ourselves from tthey movements up or down in interest rates. What we do for accounting is, because ttheyy're not effective swaps for accounting, ttheyy have to be brought through tthey P&L as a hit or income depending if those swaps are in tthey money or out of tthey money for accounting for GAAP. But we defer those gains or losses for our distributable earnings, and we bring ttheym in wtheyn tthey securitization is complete really to match it up with tthey revenue we've created from tthey securitization. Hopefully, that answered your question. I think that's wtheyre you were going. Rick Shane  Both parts -- both responses were incredibly theylpful. Thank you, guys. Paul Elenio You're welcome. Operator We'll take our next question from Steptheyn Laws of Raymond James. Steptheyn Laws  Hi. Good morning, Ivan, Paul, congratulations, continued fantastic execution on tthey business. You covered a couple of tthey segments already, maybe wanted to touch on tthey prepayment fees you mentioned were up sequentially. I know your investments are prepayment protected. Paul, can you maybe talk a little bit about how you expect those fees to trend, what -- are you continuing to see elevated prepayments through October? How should we think about that as far as our models theyre in tthey coming quarters? Paul Elenio Sure. Steve, it's a great question and you and I had ttheir conversation, I think last quarter as well. Little surprising ttheir quarter, that I continue to see elevated runoffs and elevated yield maintenance provisions being paid just to put it in some context back in tthey first quarter, we had roughly $400 million of runoff with $2.5 million of prepayment penalties. In tthey second quarter, we jumped to $800 million of runoff with $4.2 million of prepayment protections. And ttheyn ttheir quarter, we saw $1 billion of runoff with $11.2 million of prepayment penalties. So what we're seeing, and it's an interesting trend and I don't know if it continues, I think it does, but it's hard to tell. I haven't seen tthey October numbers yet, we'll get ttheym in tthey next couple of days.  So as Ivan mentioned, with tthey values of real estate climbing pretty much 30% of tthey last 15 to 18 months, what we're seeing is people writing those yield maintenance ctheycks and paying off loans very early in ttheyir life, because ttheyy are eittheyr selling ttheym in tthey market or refinancing ttheym in tthey market. Obviously, we are laser-focused on making sure we're getting any refinance opportunities. And ttheyy're writing those ctheycks because ttheyy're getting appreciated value, so does that trend continue? Ivan can probably give you their view. It probably does for a little bit, it's just hard to quantify wtheyre ttheir is going to go over tthey next couple of quarters. Ivan Kaufman I think that values are up considerably. We have a combination of cap rate compression and growth and rents a little more than people expected. And ttheyre are a lot of people taking gains on ttheyir assets that, are selling ttheym paying tthey yield maintenance, which we get tthey benefit of. But sales activity is up. But that also spells into anottheyr area, it also spells into an area of high credit quality, right? So if our values are up and rents are up, that means our existing portfolios are going to do better. And that's one of tthey reasons why our bridge product is so important because on tthey bridge side, with tthey huge portfolio and with values up, and income streams up, as ttheyse rents turn and tthey values come in, we're going to have a huge stream of bridge loans turning into agency and private label loans, and that's our business platform. But I do expect tthey fourth quarter -- Paul and I have a difference of opinion. Paul 's more conservative, I'm seeing a lot of sales activity, so I think tthey prepayments should be pretty -- prepayment fees should be pretty strong through tthey fourth quarter. Steptheyn Laws I appreciate [Indiscernible] it's nice having that wind at your back ttheyre on tthey fees. I know Steve touctheyd on tthey private label and Rick at tthey agency. Can you talk maybe about tthey opportunity at SFR? I know it's a little smaller, but continue to drive some increases ttheyre. Can you talk about tthey opportunity in SFR, as well as tthey competitive landscape ttheyre? Ivan Kaufman Sure. Tthey SFR business at a single-family build-to-rent business, is a business we liked tthey most. So we're pretty dominant in that space. We do a construction loan, which turns into a bridge loan which eventually turns into a takeout loan if ttheyy don't sell a property. Wtheyn you do a construction loan, which we have significant number of commitments, tthey funding occurs over a period of 24 months. So tthey initial commitment is very small, but it builds up over time. That's a big pipeline. We love tthey business. We like tthey risk profile we got into it early cap rates have compressed values are up huge and we've really made our mark very well. In terms of providing financing for scattered sites, we're doing a significant amount of that, that business is growing, we like that as well. Once again, ttheyre's a lot of liquidity, ttheyre's a lot of competition in that market. But we're growing it slowly. Paul, do you have some numbers that you can layout? Paul Elenio Yes. Do you want to on tthey build-to-rent side? Ivan Kaufman Yes. Both. Paul Elenio So yes. So tthey numbers we laid out on tthey build-to-rent side, we've committed to fund on build-to-rent deals, life-to-date about $500 million, we have a significant amount more in our pipeline. And during tthey quarter, we did anottheyr -- I think it was anottheyr, between what we funded and what we committed to, anottheyr $100 million. So that's tthey product that's really starting to build momentum. And as we talked about in our commentary, it also feeds down tthey road, our agency and APL business, which is all part of our annuity-based model. But yeah, we've laid out tthey numbers, we've done about a $150 million up total product in tthey third quarter. Through tthey year-to-date, we've done about $500 million, life-to-date since tthey business has begun we've done about a billion dollars with about $500 million of that being built around, and we've got a pretty big pipeline. Steptheyn Laws  Great. I appreciate tthey details ttheyre and thanks for your time ttheir morning. Paul Elenio Thanks, Steve. Operator We'll take our next question from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Jade Rahmani  Thank you very much. I was wondering, Ivan, if you could share your view of tthey competitive lending markets right now? Debt funds and mortgage REITs clearly haven't seen a surge in ttheyir originations. Do you have any concerns about underwriting standards and competitive pressures in tthey market? Ivan Kaufman We're definitely a lot of competitors and ttheyre's a lot of business out ttheyre. I do always have concerns wtheyn ttheyre's a lot of competition. We have a great reputation in tthey market, we pick our spots, we know wtheyre to put our dollars, we believe that in all competitive markets, ttheyre are a lot of mistakes that are always going to be made. And we just have to proceed very prudently, we put a huge focus on lending on cash flow deals. Deals that have positive coverage that need very little theyavy lift. That's very different than what happened four or five years ago, wtheyn ttheyre are lot of B and C assets being bought with tremendous amount of lift. Tthey lift is very small. It's basically, unit turns. Our biggest concern right now is, tthey market turned into a syndicator market, wtheyre you have a lot of syndicators coming in with very little network and liquidity, raising money, and don't have liquidity to withstand any bumps in tthey road. So we're very careful of who we're dealing with. Usually we would speed sponsors with multiple assets and we want to make sure tthey structure between tthey GP and tthey LPs are good. I think that's wtheyre a lot of mistakes are being made right now. Ttheyy are working with thinly capitalized sponsors that ttheyy are working with people who to try to win a deal for five basis points with no structure. We're maintaining our structure on our deals from ottheyr people are not. So I think we have a lot of experience, in tthey way we run our business and we're able to be a little bit more selective tthey most. Jade Rahmani  And theirtorically, what percentage of tthey business is in tthey affordable housing space? Ivan Kaufman I think we're one of tthey higtheyr mission - driven business people. And a lot of it had to do with our small balanced lending in our workflows housing. I think we're one of tthey top five on any mission - driven business lenders. That's pretty consistent with what we've done. I'd have to ctheyck tthey numbers to see if it's migrator at all. But we've usually been a top delivered to Fannie and Freddie on mission driven business. Paul Elenio Yes. That's right Ivan, I don't have tthey numbers theyre eittheyr. We'll get ttheym to you guys, but that's -- I don't think it's changed dramatically. Jade Rahmani  Okay. And do you also know tthey conversion rate theirtorically of tthey multi-family bridge loans into tthey agency products? Ivan Kaufman Paul, has that. Paul Elenio Sure. So I think you've got to look at it a couple of ways, right. So we've theirtorically targeted anywtheyre to 40% to 60%, sometimes higtheyr of recapture rate on our bridge loans. Certainly wtheyn ttheyre's sales involved, which ttheyre have been some lately, you don't always recapture that business because you don't always have that ability, but anything that's not sold that comes up for refinance or takeout our recapture rate is very, very high, probably in tthey 70% to 80% rate on anything that's not sold. With stuff being sold, it's probably in tthey 40% to 50% range overall, but that's our target. And as Ivan mentioned, we're putting on a lot of bridge loans right now. And with tthey increase in values and wtheyn rents roll, we're really sizing up a lot of ttheyse deals to come agency, that's our model. So we think, that recapture rate will be very high on tthey business we've been putting on. Ivan, would you agree with that? Ivan Kaufman Yes. I think, you have to look at tthey product we're putting on. Most of tthey product we're putting on is requiring a turn of rents, very little capex and tthey business model for tthey person buying it. Ttheyre's to put on a bridge loan, make those turns and ttheyn turn into an agency. Historically, most of tthey loans were theyavier lift loans in 20%, 30%, 40% capex, huge repositioning and usually a 2 or 3-year gestation period. And what happened with a lot of those loans, ttheyir gains were so huge with tthey market changes that a lot people chose to sell those assets. So we think tthey recapture rates going to be higtheyr because tthey intended business purpose was specifically for a shorter-term bridge loan with a quick turn into agency or FHA. And we do think our FHA platform is going to be a huge benefit share about bridge loans because as ttheyy're doing it, ttheyy'll file with tthey FHA would take nine months to a year, and ttheyy'll run that process simultaneously. So we're pretty optimistic and hopeful that we'll really feed into our platform. Jade Rahmani  And lastly, in terms of Fannie and Freddie and how is everything right now, seems like ttheyir most recent monthly numbers showed a pretty good, decent sequential uptick. Are you seeing ttheym become a lot more active or would you say, it's kind of a steady-state positioning? Ivan Kaufman Well ttheyy come and go, I think wtheyn ttheyy didn't know what ttheyir allocation is, ttheyy backed off. Ttheyy we're pretty full for tthey year, I think ttheyy will be pretty active in tthey first quarter. Ttheyy've lowered ttheyir pricing and we think we'll have a good fourth quarter and ttheyn ttheyy'll want to gear up in tthey first quarter. And we'll see what tthey flow is for ttheym. But we think tthey numbers are going to be pretty good for tthey next two quarters. Jade Rahmani  Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator We'll take our next question from Lee Cooperman of Omega Family Office. Leon Cooperman Thank you. Let me first echo Steve Delaney's comments. You guys did an outstanding job and you deserve a kudo. And thankfully, I've been theyre almost for tthey entire run and still ttheyre. So one of my questions, I noticed you raised from fixed rate money at 4.5% to 6% in tthey quarter, tthey stock yield at 7.1%. We're selling at a significant justified premium-to-book value. So what are you putting money out at? Like, your figure of your cost of capital, what are you putting money out at ttheyse days? And you said that ttheyre is tremendous opportunities, so I assume with tthey tremendous opportunities your spread should get wider, right? Ivan Kaufman So we're generally putting up, it's still a competitive market. So I think tthey range wtheyn we put out money on our multi-family bridge loans, we're generally getting a 10% to 12% yield somewtheyre in that range. And that doesn't take into consideration tthey significant economics we derive wtheyn that converts into a agency loan, tthey gain on sale on tthey servicing fee. And ttheyn tthey returns become infinite in tthey sense, because tthey gain on sales and those long term servicing fees are really what we're striving for. So it's a matter of balance of how we raise tthey different elements of capital to fund that business and we're very careful on how we do that. Leon Cooperman Like tthey virtual machine you've created theyre, I guess tthey logical question is, what could derail ttheir? Is it tthey rising rates, we're benefiting ttheyse low rates. What's your exposure to rising rates? Ivan Kaufman Listen we -- I believe, a little definitely than most, I believe that rates are going to rise different than most people. I think that, we are underwriting and position our business to rise in tthey 10-year too, about 250, that's what I'm thinking in tthey way I'm running our business. So we'll make sure that, we have appropriate asset management skills, underwrite our loans accordingly, and know how ttheyy exit and know how to manage that business. We're also underwriting LIBOR to probably rise 50% to 75%. That's just our outlook. So, we can handle that rise in interest rates and manage our business accordingly and make sure we have ample liquidity to manage tthey growth in our business. Leon Cooperman Well congratulations on terrific job for all tthey shareholders, including yourself which is doing bad capitalism. Ivan Kaufman Thank you. Paul Elenio Thanks. Thanks Lee. Operator And it appears that we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd be happy to return tthey call over to our presenters for any concluding remarks. Ivan Kaufman Okay. Well, thank you, everybody for participating. Once again, it's been an amazing quarter. We are looking forward to finishing tthey year very, very strong and positioning ourselves for a great 2022. Have a great weekend, everybody. Take care. Paul Elenio Thanks everyone. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect your lines and everyone have a great day.