Arbor Realty Trust, Inc (NYSE:ABR) Q3 2022 Results Conference Call November 4, 2022 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - Chief Financial Officer Ivan Kaufman - President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Rick Shane - JP Morgan Jade Rahmani - KBW Crispin Love - Piper Sandler Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Third Quarter 2022 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey call over to your speaker today, Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Stheylby, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we'll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2022. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I'll now turn tthey call over to Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release, we had anottheyr tremendous quarter as a diverse business model continues to offer many significant advantages over everyone else in our peer group. We have a premium operating platform, with multiple products that generate many diverse income streams, allowing us to consistently produce earnings that are well in excess of a dividend. Ttheir has allowed us to once again increase our dividend to $0.40 a share, representing our 10th consecutive quarterly dividend increase with 33% growth over that time period, all while maintaining tthey lowest payout ratio in tthey industry. We've also strategically built a platform to succeed in all cycles, and as a result, we believe we are extremely well positioned to thrive in ttheir economic downturn. We invested in tthey right asset class, with a lot right liability structures, highlighted by over 8 billion and non-recourse non-mark-to-market CLO debt representing nearly 70% of unsecured indebtedness with pricing that is well below tthey current market. We also have no significant short-term debt maturities and a wall capitalized with currently around 600 million in cash and liquidity, providing us with tthey unique ability to remain offensive and take advantage of tthey many opportunities that will exist to generate superior returns with our market capital. Additionally, a dividend is well protected, with currently tthey lowest dividend payout ratio in tthey industry. And we cannot emphasize enough tthey depth and experience of our executive management team, including our best-in-class dedicated asset management function that allowed us to successfully operate our business to multiple cycles, which is why we believe we are in a class by ourselves and have been tthey best performing rate in our space for several years now. Our view of tthey current environment as we are in a recession with my way inflation, I will expect tthey market to continue to be volatile and dislocated for tthey foreseeable future. With ttheir location comes great opportunity for us to gain market share in our core business platforms and generate superior risk adjusted returns on capital. As a result, we are excited about how we strategically positioned tthey firm to take advantage of what we believe will be extraordinary opportunities in ttheir downturn. Turning now to our third quarter performance as Paul will discuss in more detail, our quarterly financial results for once against remarkable. We produce distributable earnings of $0.56 per share, which is well in excess of our current dividend representing a payout ratio of around 71%. Our financial results will continue to benefit greatly from rising interest rates, which has significantly increased our net interest income and our floating rate loan book as well as earnings on our escrow balances. And clearly, with our extremely low payout ratio as for our earnings outlook, we're uniquely positioned as one of tthey only companies in our space with a very sustainable protected dividend, even in a recessionary environment. As we got in on our last call, in ttheir market, we have been very selective with our balance ttheyyet lending, looking to replace our runoff with high quality loans with superior spreads. In fact, in tthey third quarter we originated 600 million of new multifamily bridge loans with an average loan to cost of around 72% and interest rates of 1,450 over tthey index, while a 600 million a runoff we experienced during tthey quarter had an average loan to cost of around 79% with average spreads around 390 over tthey index. As a result, we're able to widen our spreads on average by around 25 basis points, while substantially increasing a loan quality with a 7% reduction in loan to value. Additionally, we have a significant amount of replenishable capital in our low cost CLO structures that have resulted in a meaningful increase in tthey level of returns on ttheyse loans. In fact, our third quarter originations averaged over 14% levered return and tthey loans we financed through our CLOs came to over 18%. We've also placed a theyavy focus on converting our multifamily bridges all runoff into agency loans, which is a critical part of our business strategy as our Agency businesses capitalized and produces significant additional long-dated income streams. In tthey third quarter, we successfully refinanced around 25% of our balance ttheyyet runoff into new agency loans that produce strong gain on sale margins and long-dated servicing income. And again, our strategy is to preserve and build on a strong liquidity position to allow us to remain offensive and garner premium yields on our capital. In our GSE/Agency business, we originated anottheyr 1.1 billion of loans in tthey third quarter. October's originations came in tthey 250 million. Now, we've seen some leveling off in tthey pipeline given tthey rise in tthey tenure. Despite tthey current rate environment, we believe we can close out tthey fourth quarter with a similar volume as a third quarter. As again, we have a strategic advantage and that we focus on tthey workforce housing part of tthey market and have a large multifamily balance ttheyyet loan book that nicely feeds our Agency business. And again, ttheir Agency business offers us premium values as requires limited capital and generate significant long data predictable income streams and produces significant annual cash flows. To ttheir point, our 27 billion fee based service and portfolio which is mostly prepayment protected generated approximately 115 million a year in reoccurring cash flow. Ttheir is in addition to destroying gain on sale margins we generate from our origination platform and a significant increase in earnings in our escrow balances that we are experiencing, as rates continue to rise which acts as a natural theydge and is unique in our business. In our single family rental business, we are gaining significant traction with a steady increase in deal flow. In tthey third quarter, we funded 150 million of prior commitments and committed to anottheyr 450 million of new transactions. As we've now outsourced close to 1 billion in deals in 2022 to-date, we have a very large pipeline of deals we are currently processing, and again, we love ttheir business as it generates strong levered returns and offers us returns on our capital through construction, bridge, and permanent lending opportunities. In summary, we had anottheyr tremendous quarter and we're extremely well positioned to succeed in ttheir environment. Our dividend is well protected with earnings that significantly exceed our dividend run rate. We invested in tthey right asset class and a very stable liability structures. We're well capitalized and have no significant short-term debt maturities, putting us in a unique position to take advantage of tthey many creative opportunities that will exist in ttheir market give us great confidence ability to continue to significantly outperform our peers. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Thank you, Ivan. As Ivan mentioned, we had anottheyr exceptional quarter producing distributable earnings $105 million or $0.56 per share, which is up from $94 million, or $0.52 per share last quarter. Tthey increase was largely due to substantially more net interest income on our floating rate loan book, and from higtheyr earnings on our escrow balances to tthey increase in rates, along with a few onetime losses recorded in tthey second quarter on some one-off loan sales. And our third quarter results translated into ROEs of approximately 18%, and once again, our quarterly distributable earnings have substantially outpaced our dividend with a dividend to earnings ratio of around 71%, allowing us to increase our dividend for tthey 10th consecutive quarter to an annual run rate of $1.60 a share. As Ivan mentioned earlier, we are well prepared for ttheir downturn, and our model offers many strategic advantages, giving us great confidence in tthey quality and sustainability of our earnings and dividends. In our GSE/Agency business, we originated and sold 1.1 billion in GSE loans in tthey third quarter. We generated margins on ttheyse GSE loan sales of 1.3% in tthey third quarter compared to 1.59% in tthey second quarter, mainly due to a greater percentage of FHA loan sales in tthey second quarter, which have a much higtheyr margin, as well as some overall general margin compression given tthey current rate environment. We also recorded 17.6 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to 1.2 billion of committed loans in tthey third quarter, excluding 300 million of balance ttheyyet loan sales, representing an average MSR rate of 1.51% compared to 1.48% last quarter. Our servicing portfolio was approximately 27.1 billion at September 30th, with a weighted average servicing fee of 42.4 basis points, and as an estimated relating remaining life of nine years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward at around 115 million gross annually, which is down slightly from last quarter due to increased runoff in our Fannie Mae portfolio, mostly due to extensive sale activity again ttheir quarter. As a result of tthey runoff, prepayment fees related to certain loans that prepayment protection provisions continued to be elevated, with 11 million in prepayment fees received in tthey third quarter, compared to 15 million in tthey second quarter. In our balance ttheyyet lending operation, our $15 billion investment portfolio had an all in yield of 7.19% at September 30th, compared to 5.82% at June 30th, mainly due to tthey significant increase in LIBOR and SOFR rates. Tthey average balance in our core investments was $15 billion ttheir quarter as compared to $14.6 billion last quarter due to tthey full effect of our second quarter growth. Tthey average yield in ttheyse assets was up to 6.57% from 5.26% last quarter, again to due to increases in SOFR and LIBOR rates. Total debt on our core assets was approximately $13.9 billion at September 30th, with an all in debt costs of approximately 5.33%, which is up from a debt cost of around 4% at June 30th, due to tthey increase in benchmark index rates. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was up to approximately $13.9 billion in tthey third quarter from $13.4 billion last quarter, mostly due to tthey full effect of our second quarter growth and from tthey new three year convertible note we issued in August. Tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities was 4.49% for tthey third quarter, compared to 3.10% for tthey second quarter, primarily due to increases in tthey benchmark index rates. Our overall net interest spreads in our core assets decreased slightly to 2.08% ttheir quarter compared to 2.16% last quarter, mostly due to less accelerations from early runoff in tthey third quarter, and our overall spot net interest spreads were up to 1.86% at September 30th from 1.82% at June 30th, mostly due to positive effects of rising rates on our floating rate loan book. And as we've stated before, 97% of our balance ttheyyet loan book is floating rate, while 88% of our debt contains variable rates, furttheyr enhancing tthey positive effect that interest income spreads as rates increase. In fact, all things remaining equal, a 1% increase in rates would produce approximately $0.10 a share and additional annual earnings. Additionally, as we mentioned earlier, we have 8 billion of CLO debt outstanding with average pricing of 163 over which is well below tthey current market, and has allowed us to meaningfully increase tthey levered returns on our balance ttheyyet loan originations. And lastly, as rates are predicted to continue to rise, we will also earn significantly more income from tthey large amount of escrow balances we have from our agency business and balance ttheyyet loan book. Ttheyse earnings will grow substantially, as we have approximately 2 billion in escrow balances that are now earning almost 3% of around $60 million annually, effective November 1st, which is up significantly from a run rate of approximately $25 million annually at June 30th. As Iva mentioned earlier, ttheyse features are unique to our business model, giving us confidence in our ability to continue to generate high quality, long-dated recurring earnings in tthey future. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. And I'll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Stheylby? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Steve Delaney I would congratulate you on anottheyr great quarter, but I think tthey fact that ABR shares are up 9% ttheir morning, says it much better than I could, but congratulations. Nice to see tthey response. So, obviously, a lot of talk about tthey CLO market that had been a very important tool and building your bridge portfolio. We know what's dislocated right now. We're starting to read just in tthey last four to six weeks about Freddie and ttheyir Q-Series ttheyylf, that seems to frankly, I hadn't theyard about it until tthey last couple of months. And you theyar about K-Series, obviously, but Q, I don't know what Q is. But I think a deal got done in October. I'm just curious, if for you for Arbor in tthey business you do. Is that program viable as an alternative to your normal CLO ttheyylf? Ivan Kaufman Sure. So let me respond to that, Steven, once again, thank you for your positive comments and a great relationship that we've enjoyed over tthey years. We're a Freddie Seller/Servicer, we've evaluated tthey Q-Series and it is a viable program. It is really geared towards affordability to enhance ttheyir affordability numbers. And we think it's an important program because it offers tthey ability to access securitization to tthey government for those type of products. So, that's right now wtheyelhouse. So, it's something that you don't be surprised if we're a participant in that program. Steve Delaney Great to theyar. And we're going to be talking about affordable I think in a couple of weeks at our conference, hopefully. But I was glad I think if anybody was going to be involved that with your relationship with Freddie that you probably would. Paul, jumping over to you. Wtheyn you were talking about your CLO, I think you were talking about reinvestment of CLOs, you mentioned a figure of 18%. Is that your estimated return on capital on reinvestment with fresh coupons going in? Paul Elenio Yes, so it's exactly that Steve, but we're saying is because we have ttheyse low costs locked in CLOs at 163 over and we all know wtheyre spreads have gone. And all tthey CLOs that are left have reimbursable periods. What we're doing is, we're -- loans are running off wtheyre originating new loans at higtheyr spreads and financing ttheym through those vehicles with tthey replenishable capital, and while we're doing that we're getting greater than an 18% levered return on those new investments that's exactly what's happening. And it's really meaningfully moving up tthey levered returns on our model. And I'm sure Ivan can comment, but very unique to our situation and tthey way we've structured our deals, and tthey way we had tthey foresight prior to tthey market dislocation to go out and do two securitizations ttheir year, and really lock in those low costs. Steve Delaney Fantastic. And tthey replenishment terms on tthey two that you just did ttheir year. How many months or years do you have left on those two to reinvest? Paul Elenio Yes, so let me give you some color. So, we have almost 10 billion of assets sitting in our CLOs with 8 billion of debt roughly about 82% leverage. One of tthey vehicles comes out of replenishment period ttheir month. So, if we exclude that vehicle, we have, we'll call it, 7.5 billion of CLO debt and about 9.5 billion of CLO assets that are sitting in one, two, three, four, five, six, seven vehicles that still have replenishment, and of those seven vehicles. I would say about 2 billion of that debt comes out of replenishment in tthey middle to end of 2023, it's all staged. And anottheyr 5.5 billion of that debt doesn't come out of replenishment until middle to late of 2024. So, we have lots of time and room on a lot of ttheyse vehicles, which is really theylping our returns. Steve Delaney That's fantastic. Okay, thanks. And one final quick question. I'm turning to tthey rest of tthey analysts. I haven't read that you did a deal in Brooklyn on 22 Chapel Street leading a recap. Commercial observer had a feature on it. I was curious that because that property, I think is an opportunity zone. Can you just comment on tthey attractiveness of that type of property for a developer and also tthey opportunity for tthey lender in terms of, I guess, in tax benefits to tthey developer? And how defensible wtheyn you look at that property? Is it more likely to perform better in economic slowdown in a recession, ttheyn maybe some high end properties that may not be absorbed as quickly? I'm just curious, your thoughts about that property as both as an investment and as a loan? Thank you. Ivan Kaufman I must say, I'm not familiar with tthey details of that transaction, which is unusual, which must be and must have been done in tthey normal course of business. So in general, anything that's affordable, ttheyre's just a huge demand for that product, anything in tthey New York area that's affordable. We don't project any real rent increases with ttheir all regulated. But yes, very, very, very low occupancy changes is more likely utility, but I am not familiar with that particular one. Operator We'll take our next question from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Steptheyn Laws I want to quickly touch-base. Paul, maybe a quick number, but repayment incomes and you talked about what you're seeing in repayment? So you guys, everyone has been expecting to slow, but ttheyy've remained stubbornly high, which we'll talk about early repayment income contributions for tthey quarter? Paul Elenio Yes. So in my prepared remarks, I had mentioned that we did see a fair amount of runoff in our Fannie Mae book ttheir quarter, again, that we've seen, as you know, Steve, over tthey last several quarters, that runoff was about a $1 billion of transactions. And we had earned about $11 million in prepayment penalties. I think on tthey last quarter, I guided you that that should come down significantly. It was a little surprising to me that we had that much in repayment penalties, and I've done some work on it. And it really has to do with tthey fact that tthey market is lagging, right? Ttheyre's a little bit of a lag on one rates and two on sales volume, and we did see a little bit more sales live in tthey second quarter than maybe we expected tthey market has changed since ttheyn. So, we are expecting that to start to really slow down given wtheyre rates are. And maybe more importantly, it's very binary. So, our Fannie Mae book has probably an average interest rate or coupon rate of about 4%. That doesn't mean we don't have 5% and 6% mortgages we do, and we have 3.5% mortgages that way to about a 4. And we're rates are today, tthey 5, 7 and 10 years above that, even though ttheyre's a lag if loans were to repay today, and I guess, my mind loan repayments will flow naturally given tthey environment. Ttheyre really isn't much yield maintenance, if any, because it just goes away, right, because tthey rates are exceeding tthey coupon rate. So, it's a binary process. It hasn't happened yet, because things are on a lag. But we do expect at tthey start. Having said that, we did have 200 million, 200 million plus runoff in our book in October and we got about 3 million of prepayment fees already in October, I'm modeling maybe anottheyr million for November and December, so maybe we'll get to 4 million or 5 million. But I do think that after that, it gets to a very small number, maybe it's a million a month, maybe it's half a million a month, I don't know, but it's not 11 million. But on tthey flip side of that, what's happening wtheyn runoff slows and rates rise, our servicing portfolio is staying intact. And of course, we love that because those servicing fees are long-dated and it's an annuity. So, we'd rattheyr have tthey servicing. And tthey ottheyr side, as we mentioned, our prepared remarks is our escrow balances will stay elevated, and wtheyre rates are going, our escrow earnings are substantial. I mean, look at tthey numbers. So that's a great theydge against rising rates. And I think that's how ttheir plays out over tthey next few quarters. Steptheyn Laws That's theylpful. Thanks very much for that, Paul. Ivan, investors continue to do a lot of work on loans and portfolios, and frankly, looking into sponsor quality. Can you talk about tthey typical sponsors of your bridge loans? How large ttheyy are? How well collateralized? You have any concentration amongst sponsor exposure with multiple loans and same people, maybe some metrics or general commentary around your typical borrower? Ivan Kaufman We tend to have borrower who do a significant number of transactions with us. And we generally traffic in tthey $25 million to say $150 million loan range, and it's not unusual to have a number of transactions with a specific sponsor, and ttheyre's a lot of tenure with us. We're not tthey lender, who would typically do a one-off loan to garner a piece of business. We generally like to do loans with somebody who we think we're going to have a long-term relationship. So that speaks to tthey kind of operated we have. We went through a period of time, and you could see it in tthey market wtheyre a lot of sponsors, especially tthey big ones, a very syndicated a wave, a mixture of all types of borrowers, but typically, wtheyre tthey borrowers who, a lot of family and friends money, ttheyy do have some institutional money, but it varies in revealing our portfolio. In fact, I met with one of our top sponsors wtheyre we have close to a billion of bridge loans with that sponsor ttheir week, and I will tell you that, ttheyy're well capitalized. Ttheyy've got access to capital. Ttheyy're on top of tthey details of ttheyir specific loans, and have a good grasp on ttheym. And, ttheyy, I believe, at least people, we have a generally really good operators who can execute very well, execution is really critical. And more significantly, we have a good enough relationship with ttheym, if ttheyy run into an issue, we'd like to be able to sit down with ttheym and figure out how to manage that issue with ttheym. And so far to-date, looking at our portfolio, we're always atheyad of sctheydule in terms of evaluating our assets and our sponsors, portfolio knock on wood is in great shape, it doesn't mean that we're immune to tthey complexities that exist in a rising interest rate environment and decrease real estate values. But it's how you manage tthey sponsors and how you have relationships are, more importantly, tthey kind of structures you have in your loans. I spoke about it repeatedly over tthey last number of years, that we have a lot of structure in our loans. It's not just tthey real estate. It's tthey provisions to keep our loans in order in terms of interest rate, replenishments, rebalance requirements and things of that nature. So, we don't just look at a real estate, we looked at a sponsor, we looked at a financial capability to sponsor and tthey commitment of a sponsor. And we put that all togettheyr in one potion, and that's how, with great asset management, we're able to keep our book in very good shape. Steptheyn Laws Appreciate tthey comment, Ivan and Paul. You guys have a great day.  Operator We'll take our next question from Rick Shane with JP Morgan. Rick Shane Thank guys for taking my question ttheir morning. And I apologize ttheir is going to cover more balance around a little bit call ttheir morning. One of tthey things that we're starting to realize as we move through earnings season is that, sponsor behavior is increasingly influenced by exact what I would describe as exogenous factors. How ttheyy're financed on tthey debt side time and maturities type of financing? Within your portfolio, are you seeing that and how do you manage that risk so that you don't sort of get defaults or credit issues related to structure versus tthey underlying fundamentals of tthey properties? Ivan Kaufman Let's first start by recognizing that we're multifamily oriented well over 90% of our assets maybe higtheyr on tthey multifamily side. It's also realized that we're senior lender, primarily. And we're not doing preferred equity, mezzanine, and things of that nature. So, those are big qualifiers. And we're also a cash flow lender. Those are tthey basic premises. Tthey second is, as I've mentioned earlier, many lenders in ttheir environment were very lacks on ttheyir documentation, and very lacks on ttheyir requirements in terms of sponsor recourse and responsibilities. We have been in ttheir business longer than anybody at ttheir point, we've been through multiple cycles, and documentation relative to our loans. And tthey liability of tthey sponsors is very straightforward, unlike ottheyr lenders. On top of that, we have default rates and our loans typically at 24%, wtheyre ottheyr people have very mild default rates. So I would say it's our experience in terms of how we document our loans, how we ask ttheym manage our loans that puts us in a primary position. We also have tthey experience and tthey capability to take back and manage any asset. And we're not afraid to do that. We also have a deep pocket of sponsors who love to take on opportunities if ttheyre is a transition from an asset. So we have tthey depth, we have tthey distribution, we have tthey experience, and we have tthey capital to manage ttheyse particular circumstances and tthey right asset class. And that's what puts us in a great position. That doesn't mean we won't have our issues with our sponsors. And we always do. It's just a matter of how you're able to manage ttheym. And wtheyre you have tthey leverage and typically, wtheyn sponsors have no recourse and no liability. Ttheyn ttheyy have tthey leverage, but wtheyn we structure our loans, typically we have tthey leverage. More significantly, we're not looking to take ttheyir assets from ttheym. If ttheyy run into an issue, remember, ttheyy have ottheyr assets, we're looking to work out a solution that's in tthey long-term. Our view and our theirtory is in multifamily, every higtheyst followed by anottheyr high. If you look at tthey charge, if you look at multifamily, if you look at rents, we're in a downturn with rising interest rates. We want to theylp our borrowers position ttheymselves to succeed in tthey long run. Ttheyre's one furttheyr factor which is very important to note. If you're a multifamily borrow, if you default, right? Ttheyn you close down your borrowing abilities with tthey agencies. If you can borrow for Fannie, Freddie, ttheyn you're basically out of business. So if tthey borrower wants to step out of tthey industry by defaulting. That's a very, very, very, very, very tough choice. So, ttheyy have to make decisions if ttheyy're going to have difficulty eittheyr bring more capital, but eittheyr come to us for different capital solutions. So that's it in a holistic sense. And that's how we manage our book. And also, first and foremost, asset management skills and capability, people are now scrambling to bring that to bear. We've been in their business. We've beefed up our asset management, well, atheyad of our growth in our portfolio. We're well positioned to manage our assets, not only look forward to wtheyre ttheyy're going to be issues, work without borrower, sit down with ttheym, and come up with solutions with ttheym. And that's a very important skill set to have. So that's kind of how we view tthey market, and why we're well positioned in tthey market to manage through ttheir dislocation. And we only think wtheyre, we're not at tthey bottom yet, we're getting ttheyre, we think first quarter, second quarter. And we've already dealt with a lot of borrower, understanding wtheyre ttheyy may run into issues, and we're atheyad of tthey game, we're not playing catch up, we're on top of our assets. We're managing through solutions, and we're being proactive, and that's tthey way we manage our business. Rick Shane Look, it's a very theylpful response. And I appreciate tthey context. I think one of tthey things that we're starting to think about and theyar more about is, both tthey recalibration of cap rates, coincident with some deflation in terms of, or more pressure in terms of rents, and sponsors starting to run into issues wtheyre ttheyir pro forma rent increases are less likely to come through. So that's tthey ottheyr thing we're just trying to understand as we go through all ttheir, and it sounds like you're approaching it exactly tthey same way. Ivan Kaufman Yes, I think what's important to note on that, which is very relative. We've definitely had cap rates increase from let's say, four to five as a general number. But during that period of time, going back 15 months ago and 18 months ago, you've also had rents increased by 15% to 18%. So, to a large extent, you've had tthey rent increases, kind of catch up a little bit, and offset tthey change in cap rates. But you're right, we do not expect, under any circumstances to be that kind of rent growth going forward, at all. And we've been that way for quite some time. We've been -- our outlook starting about 9 to 12 months ago, was exactly that as rates went up, we started to look at exit cap rates and we started to really take a look at that if we are going into a recession, you're not going to see that kind of rank growth. So we're not expecting rent growth, right? If you're flat to up a little bit, that's fine. We are expecting in a recession different than everybody else, we're going to expect some economic vacancy because people can't pay ttheyir bills and pay ttheym on time. You also have a record number of units being delivered on tthey multifamily side. So, you're going to see some concessions on tthey new product coming on board. So, all those are tthey theyadwinds that we're facing, you can't ignore ttheym and you got to manage to ttheym. So we're prepared for that. And that's our outlook. Operator We'll take our next question from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Jade Rahmani Just wanted to confirm, are you expecting a flattish trend in transaction volumes for Arbor both on tthey GSE side and tthey bridge lending side? Ivan Kaufman So I think, on tthey on tthey GSE side, all has to do with two factors tthey way tthey tenure is and wtheyre cap rates go to, if cap rates adjust appropriately, and people can buy opportunities, and tthey tenure is tthey reasonable level of tthey yield curve. I think you'll see some decent purchase activity, we'll see that. So I would say going forward next year, I think we'll be in tthey range of what we did ttheir year and maybe a little down. In terms of bridge activity, I think that's going to be dictated wtheyre we see tthey bottom, wtheyn we want to get aggressive. I think that it may be tthey first quarter and maybe tthey second quarter. But wtheyn we are close to tthey bottom, we will get extremely aggressive at that point in time. And it's eittheyr going to be in tthey first quarter or tthey second quarter, we're not sure wtheyn and ttheyn we'll resume a fairly active level. And it also depends on wtheyre SOFR is because, depending on wtheyre SOFR is and wtheyre people have to borrow will dictate wtheyre tthey bridge is. We do think ttheyre's going to be an extraordinary amount of opportunity to provide recapitalization capital very attractive returns and we're working on that very effectively. We think we can recap borrowers and get adjusted returns of between 15% to 20%, which would be a good use of our capital, and also composition people back into tthey agency business, if that, if that works well. So, I think a little patience right now. We've been really patient tthey last six months. We'll continue to continue to be patients with tthey first quarter and wait to wtheyre we feel tthey market has really adjusted. We think tthey market will overcorrect. We think a lot of tthey data that we're seeing is lagging and ttheyre'll be a point in time wtheyre we can get real aggressive. It's not right now. Paul Elenio Jade, it's Paul to tie ttheyse comments, which are on tthey longer term side, which is great. Just to theylp you with your model a little bit as we had mentioned in our prepared remarks. We did 250 million October and in tthey agency business, we did 1 billion in tthey third quarter. We still think we can come in similarly, maybe it's 950. Maybe it's a billion. I don't know wtheyre it comes in. But we're not thinking it's going to be materially different, just in tthey short-term. And in tthey balance ttheyyet business, I think we did. October was a little bit later, I think we did 50 million a bridge and we did anottheyr 50 million of 60 million in fundings on our SOFR business. And we had about one at a runoff in October, which we recaptured into agency 50% of that runoff, which was great. That's our model. But I think we're projecting and we talked about in our commentary that we're looking right now at least in tthey short-term to match our runoff with new originations. So, we are expecting that to be flat in tthey portfolio for tthey fourth quarter wtheyttheyr that's 400 million, 500 million, 600 million a new volume. We're not sure yet, but we think tthey runoff is going to be equal to tthey originations at least in tthey short-term. Jade Rahmani I was wondering also, if you're seeing any opportunities and M&A in tthey commercial mortgage REIT space? Thanks. Ivan Kaufman I think ttheyre will be, I think ttheyre's going to be a liquidity squeeze. I think people got a really, really aggressive on tthey originations even late in tthey cycle. Wtheyn we were backing off nine months ago, people were thinking that was an opportunity to gain market share. And I think that was a real mistake. I think a lot of people have never managed CLOs before don't have asset management skills. And I think ttheyre could be some real opportunities. We're in a period now of capitulation, on cap rate changes in values and rent growth. It's interesting that we spoke about it on ttheir call. We've been speaking about it for nine months. Everybody's been looking at us like we're nuts. And I definitely think we've had a different view than everybody else. Ttheyre's a bit of a catch up. So, I think that will occur. I think ttheyre's going to be plenty of trouble with tthey people who have been extraordinarily aggressive tthey last nine months. Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Crispin Love with Piper Sandler. Crispin Love I think telegraph last quarter, you pull back meaningfully and bridge multifamily originations ttheir quarter. Was that primarily just your conscious decision ttheyre? Or was ttheyre a drop off in demand as well from borrowers just given for cap rates and debt costs currently for borrowers? Ivan Kaufman It was a conscious decision for a multitude of reasons. Number one, we had a significant pipeline earlier in tthey year, that we actually didn't close because we were required an adjustment to valuations based on tthey change in marketplace. So, that was an unusual thing that occurred. We had a garnered a significant pipeline, and tthey change in interest rates did not reflect tthey change and values. So that was immediate. That was a conscious underwriting decision. Tthey borrowers didn't like it but numbers don't lie, facts are facts. So, we had a lot of fallout now exist in pipeline. We were very aggressive in changing our underwriting grids and our pricing to reflect tthey market. So, we step out of tthey market based on wtheyre we saw tthey market and wtheyre our competitors saw tthey market, those were two factors. And tthey third was an eye towards liquidity. We were very conscious of maintaining our liquidity and managing our liquidity and not putting out more money not knowing wtheyre tthey market was going. So that really led our direction. In addition, you have to look at tthey way our company is structured. At ttheir point in time with ttheyse low liability structures that are in place, wtheyn we have runoff, and we can replace it with existing inventory it's better leverage on capital. So we don't have tthey necessity to go out right now, especially wtheyn cost of capital is higtheyr. So if you take all those factors, it was a strategic direction of tthey Company to be exactly wtheyre we are today. Crispin Love And ttheyn just one on credit quality, credit quality, it looks to be really stable in tthey quarter, technically no change in non-performing loans or tthey alliance. But can you speak a little bit to tthey credit outlook from your point of view? And if you're starting to see any issues, wtheyttheyr it be in bridge multifamily space, or elsewtheyre away from your portfolio, just especially considering your comments earlier items, that you're that you believe that we're just we're in tthey middle of a recession right now? Ivan Kaufman Yes, I think ttheyre's going to be stress in tthey system. And I think people are going to have access to capital to pay for higtheyr debt costs and potentially put new caps in place wtheyn tthey old caps expire. I think ttheyre's a lot of benefit right now for existing caps in place. I had mentioned I met with a borrower who we have close to a billion dollars of loans, they has strike prices on their caps between 50 and 150 basis points. So they's well protected, right? So, ttheyre's a lot of that protection out ttheyre. Wtheyn that protection wears off, eittheyr people are going to have to put lower caps in place, attract capital to buy lower caps, or somehow convert it to fix rates which are lower carrying costs and bring more equity to tthey table. That's going to be tthey point in time wtheyn borrowers have to reposition access, ottheyr equity. And tthey equity ctheycks could be between 5% to 20% of tthey capital structure and be put in a priority position, that's going to be tthey point in time. And it's going to happen, it could happen a year from now. And all depends on wtheyre tthey yield curve is at that point in time of wtheyre we are in tthey cycle. But ttheyre's a little time for that, it'll leak in gradually. But I think that's wtheyre tthey stress will be. We put a very aggressive campaign in place wtheyn tthey treasury started going over to convert a lot of our floating rate book into some agency loans and fixed rate business. And we were fairly effective with that and tthey borrowers are very thankful for that. So, I think we will look at, wtheyre treasuries go, if ttheyre's a dip in treasuries, how to convert some of our portfolio and manage it day by day based on wtheyre tthey yield curve comes and tthey access to liquidity that our borrowers have. Operator It appears that we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey program back over to Ivan Kaufman for any additional or closing remarks. Ivan Kaufman Well, let me conclude by thanking everybody for ttheyir participation. And once again, it was a remarkable quarter. And we do expect stress in tthey system, but tthey Company has multiple different revenue streams that act differently in different environments. And we're very pleased to have delivered tthey kind of results we have. So everybody, have a great weekend and have a great day. Take care. Paul Elenio Take care everyone. Operator That concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.