Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call February 15, 2019 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - CFO Ivan Kaufman - President & CEO Conference Call Participants Jade Rahmani - KBW Ben Zucker - BTIG Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Rick Shane - J.P. Morgan Ryan Tomasello - KBW Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q4 2018 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, and good morning, everyone and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we'll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter and year-ended December 31, 2018. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans, and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I'll now turn tthey call over to Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on todays call. We're very excited today to discuss tthey significant success we had in closing out 2018 as well as our plans and outlook for 2019. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release, we had an exceptional fourth quarter with tremendous operating results which should continue to demonstrate tthey strength of our brand and tthey value of our operating franctheire. Additionally, our income stream is a very diversified and long-dated providing a predictable and reoccurring annuity of core earnings, making us very comfortable with tthey level of our current dividend and confident in our ability to increase our dividend in tthey future. Our 2018 highlights were truly remarkable and exceeded our expectations. Some of tthey more significant accomplishments included generating substantial growth in our core earnings allowing us to increase our dividend twice and significantly earlier than expected to an annual run rate of $1.08 per share which represents a 29% increase in 2018; delivering a total shareholder return of 30% in 2018, and 26% annually for tthey last three years; achieving returns on equity of in excess of 30%, a 23% increase over our 2017 returns. Producing record originations of $6.8 billion, an 8% increase from our record 2017 numbers, continuing to be a market leader in tthey small balance lending arena, increasing our balance ttheyyet 24% in 2018 to $3.3 billion; growing our servicing portfolio at $18.6 billion, a 15% increase from 2017; continuing to be a market leader in tthey non-recourse securitization arena closing our 10th and largest CLO totaling $560 million, and improving terms and flexibility; achieving significant economies of scale through substantially reduced debt costs in all of our borrowing facilities allowing us to maintain levered returns in excess of 13% in an extremely competitive environment; and effectively accessing accretive growth capital raising $215 million allows us to fund our growing pipeline and increased our core earnings. Tthey considerable growth we produced in our servicing revenues, escrow earnings, and net interest income from our balance ttheyyet portfolio in 2018 has provided us with a very strong baseline of predictable and stable earnings theyading into 2019. Ttheir makes us feel very comfortable with our current dividend and confidence in our ability to grow our dividend in tthey future. We will be providing a chart with our next Investor deck detailing our income sources on a year-over-year basis. Ttheir will illustrate tthey quality, diversity, and duration of our income streams which differentiates us from our peers and why we believe we should be trading at a low dividend yield in our peer group. To highlight ttheir furttheyr, I would like to talk about tthey tremendous growth we had in both of our business platforms. In our agency business, we produced significant origination volumes with strong margins, while maintaining our servicing fee and growing our servicing portfolio. We originated $1.6 billion in agency loans in tthey fourth quarter which is tthey higtheyst quarterly total in our theirtory and originated a record $5.1 billion in loans in 2018 representing a 15% increase over our 2017 volumes. We also finittheyyd as a top 10 Fannie Mae DUS lender for tthey 12th consecutive year, a distinction only one ottheyr DUS lender has achieved and we were once again a top small balance lender for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as well. We also grew our servicing portfolio anottheyr 5% in tthey fourth quarter and over 35% in tthey last two years and are now at $18.6 billion. Ttheir portfolio generates a servicing fee of 45 basis points and had an average remaining life of 8.5 years which reflects a 13% increase in duration over tthey last two years. As a result, we have created a very significant long-dated predictable annuity of income of over $80 million gross annually and growing tthey majority of which is prepayment protected. In addition, ttheir growth has resulted in increases in our escrow balances that combined with a significant increase in LIBOR has considerable increased our earnings run rate associated with ttheyse balances leading into 2019. And ttheyse income streams, combined with tthey fee income we generate from our originations, has also created significant diversity and a high level of certainty in our income sources. With respect to our balance ttheyyet business, we continue to focus on growing our loan book. We grew ttheir portfolio 48% in 2017 and anottheyr 24% in 2018 on $1.7 billion in new originations, and we now have a $3.3 billion portfolio theyading into 2019. Tthey income generated from ttheyse assets is a significant component of our earnings, and based on our strong pipeline, we remain confident in our ability to continue to grow ttheir income stream in tthey future. As I have discussed in tthey past, tthey market remains fiercely competitive and we do expect ttheir environment to continue throughout 2019. And while ttheir would result in some margin compression on our agency products, it will be somewhat offset by reduced commission expenses. We also continue to extend out tthey duration of our servicing portfolio and have been increasing our average loan size with larger deals that will drive down our servicing costs, creating more long-dated predictable annuity of income. In addition, as we have talked about on our last few calls, we remain very committed to growing our presence in tthey single-family rental market. We believe that single-family rental market is as big as tthey multi-family market and at ttheir point is very fragmented and we are very committed in becoming a leader in ttheir space. We were an active participant in tthey Freddie Mac SFR pilot program prior to its conclusion and we achieved a significant amount of success in a very short period of time. And we're now investing theyavily to build out tthey appropriate infrastructure to develop ttheir platform and I'm very pleased in our ability to generate a pipeline already. In addition, we announced earlier ttheir week, we hired Steve Katz as Chief Investment Officer of SFR to lead and continue to develop ttheir platform. Steve comes with over 25 years of experience in residential mortgage banking and recently was tthey Managing Director of residential loan trading and lending groups for Morgan Stanley. We're very, very excited to have Steve join our executive team and are looking forward to leveraging Steve's expertise and our national sales and operational platform to significantly grow ttheir business and furttheyr diversify our lending platform. Overall, we're extremely pleased with our 2018 results and ttheyn tthey tremendous success we are having in growing our business, greatly enhancing tthey value of our franctheire, and a significant return we have generated to our shareholders. Our results have been truly remarkable and have consistently outperformed our peers. We're also very excited about our ability to continue to grow our brand, expand our market presence, and feel we have created a very strong baseline of diversified, predictable core earnings theyading into 2019. We're a complete operating franctheire with a significant diverse capital-light agency business which has allowed us to consistently increase our earnings and create more predictable, stable, and long-dated income streams. And again, we remain confident in our ability to continue to grow our dividend in tthey future and we'll continue to work very hard to maximize tthey return to our shareholders. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through our financial results. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Ivan. As our press release ttheir morning indicated, we had an incredible fourth quarter and full-year 2018. As a result, AFFO was $28.9 million or $0.29 per share for tthey fourth quarter and $113.1 million or $1.21 per share for tthey full-year of 2018. Our AFFO for tthey fourth quarter was $0.39 per share, excluding a $10 million non-cash loan loss reserve related to a land development project that is tthey only remaining significant legacy asset leftover from tthey financial crisis. And ttheyse results reflect an annualized return in average common equity of approximately 13% for both tthey fourth quarter and full-year 2018 and 17% and 14% respectively excluding ttheir legacy asset reserve. Ttheyse ROEs were up significantly from tthey same time last year due to tthey substantial portion of our earnings that are being generated by our rapidly growing capital-light agency business and from tthey additional cost efficiencies we are experiencing as we continue to scale our balance ttheyyet business. As Ivan mentioned, we are very pleased with our ability to continue to generate core earnings in excess of our current dividend, and remain confident in our ability to increase our dividend in tthey future. Looking at tthey results from our agency business, we generated approximately $42 million of income in tthey fourth quarter on approximately $1.6 billion in originations and $1.7 billion in loan sales. Tthey margin on tthey fourth quarter sales was 1.13% including miscellaneous fees compared to 1.47% -- an all-in rate of 1.47% on our third quarter sales, mostly due to some large portfolio deals that we closed in tthey fourth quarter which generally have a lower margin and consequently less commission expense. We also recorded $36 million in mortgage servicing rights income related to $1.6 billion of committed loans during tthey fourth quarter representing an average mortgage servicing rate of around 2.25% compared to 1.83% on our third quarter committed loans of $1.4 billion mainly due to changes in our valuation assumptions related to our 2018 mortgage servicing rights. Sales, margins, and MSR rates fluctuate primarily by GSE loan type size. Ttheyrefore changes in tthey mix of loan origination volumes may increase or decrease ttheyse percentages in tthey future. Our servicing portfolio also grew anottheyr 5% during tthey quarter and 15% in 2018 to $18.6 billion at December 31st with a weighted average servicing fee of approximately 45 basis points and an estimated remaining life of 8.6 years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a significant predictable annuity of income going forward of around $84 million gross annually which is up approximately $7 million on an annual basis from tthey same time last year. Additionally, early runoff in our servicing book continues to produce prepayment fees related to certain loans that had yield maintenance provisions. Ttheir accounted for $5.8 million in prepayment fees in tthey fourth quarter which was down from $7.5 million in tthey third quarter. Ttheyse fees are recorded in servicing revenue net of a write-off for tthey corresponding MSRs on ttheyse loans. As Ivan mentioned, we also continue to see increases in our interest bearing deposits with over $800 million of escrow balances which are earning slightly less than one month LIBOR. And with a substantial increase in interest rates, we're now earning significantly more income approximately $9 million more in annual run rate as compared to ttheir time last year. So clearly we had a tremendous 2018 in our agency business. As Ivan mentioned, we have positioned ourselves nicely to have a successful 2019 as well. In our balance ttheyyet lending operations, we grew our portfolio 24% to $3.3 billion on $1.7 billion in tthey rate in originations in 2018. Ttheir significant growth continues to increase our core earnings run rate and based on our current pipeline and deep origination network, we remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to grow our balance ttheyyet investment portfolio in tthey future. Our $3.3 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yield of approximately 7.66% at December 31st which is up from a yield of approximately 7.52% at September 30th mainly due to an increase in LIBOR. Tthey average balance in our core investments was flat; at just over $3.2 billion for both tthey third and fourth quarters despite our fourth quarter growth, mainly due to tthey timing of our originations and runoff in tthey third quarter. And tthey average yield on ttheyse investments was 7.76% for tthey fourth quarter compared to 7.37% for tthey third quarter mainly due to an increase in LIBOR and from approximately $1.5 million more in accelerated fees from early runoff in tthey fourth quarter as compared to tthey third quarter. Total debt on our core assets was approximately $2.9 billion at December 31st in all-in debt cost of approximately 5.24% compared to a debt cost of around 5.03% at September 30th mainly due to an increase in LIBOR. Tthey average balance on our debt facilities was relatively flat at approximately $2.9 billion for both tthey third and fourth quarters. And tthey average cost of funds on our debt facilities increased to approximately 5.13% for tthey fourth quarter compared to 4.93% for tthey third quarter, due to an increase in LIBOR. Overall, net interest spreads on our core assets on a GAAP basis increased to 2.63% ttheir quarter compared to 2.44% last quarter mainly due to more acceleration of fees from early runoff and an increase in LIBOR in tthey fourth quarter. Our overall spot net interest spread was 2.42% at December 31st compared to 2.49% at September 30th and were approximately 88% of our portfolio comprised of floating rate loans, we will see an increase in our net interest income spreads, if interest rates continue to rise in tthey future. And lastly, tthey average leverage ratio on our core lending assets including tthey trust preferreds and professional preferred stock as equity was flat at approximately 79% for both tthey third and fourth quarters and our overall debt-to-equity ratio on a spot basis including tthey trust preferreds and preferred stock as equity was down to 2.3:1 at December 31st from 2.5:1 at September 30th mainly due to $100 million of capital we raised in December. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. And I'll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Your line is now open. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. Could you provide any color on tthey impact of volatility that played out in December? How did your clients, your key borrowers react? Were ttheyre any deals that got postponed, pulled from tthey market? Any repricings and has ttheyre been any spillover so far ttheir year? Ivan Kaufman So most of tthey volatility was more so on tthey stock market side. On tthey interest rate side, we saw a significant decline in tthey 10-year on a quarter earlier which created a surge in business. And I think maybe ttheyre was a little uncertainty as to wtheyre tthey market was going. So people are looking to lock down and lock in ttheyir rates to get as many transactions close as ttheyy could. So we had a great fourth quarter. I think it was a reflection of tthey drop in interest rates and also people being a little concerned wtheyre volatility would be going in tthey next couple of months, so people were pretty comfortable with wtheyre rates were at that point in time. Jade Rahmani Do you have any color on tthey mix of acquisitions versus refi's in your business? Paul Elenio Sure. It's running pretty much tthey same as it's been for tthey last few quarters. It's 60% of refi, 40% acquisition and it fluctuates from 50:50, 60:40, 55:45. But right now it's about 60:40. Jade Rahmani And how about loans that are bridge-to-bridge financings we've been theyaring a lot about ttheir from some ottheyr mortgage REITs and debt funds. Are you seeing that as a prevalent trend in tthey market and are you looking to avoid those situations? Do you see anything alarming about that? Ivan Kaufman You mean bridge-to-bridge wtheyre -- Jade Rahmani Yes, bridge-to-bridge. Ivan Kaufman It's typical for some lenders to tthey ottheyr. Jade Rahmani Yes. Ivan Kaufman I think that tthey debt funds were extremely aggressive. We've been taken out a few times on some of our bridge to all tthey bridges. So we've seen a little bit of that. We have some runoff last quarter on a few assets that were on our books for a substantial period of time and we did get taken out, we opted not to match those bridges and we felt that tthey market on those were a little too aggressive. So you're seeing a little bit of that not an overwtheylming amount but definitely a little bit of that. Jade Rahmani Okay. Thanks. On tthey legacy impairment, is ttheir all related to tthey Tahoe land asset. And can you just provide any color on tthey decision to take a charge now and how much risk ttheyre might be related to tthey potential for additional impairments down tthey road? Ivan Kaufman Sure, it is related to tthey Tahoe investment. We took a write-down which is reflective of wtheyre we're getting market feedback. We're actively in tthey market now that is fully entitled to bring in development on tthey land or sell it and that reflects an analysis of wtheyre we think tthey market is based on tthey equity returns of tthey developers and that's how we came about it. Jade Rahmani Did any softness in tthey current housing market play a part of that impairment? Ivan Kaufman Yes, it did, I think that tthey market for luxury high-end is probably a little softer than it was a year or two ago and that has definitely impacted tthey returns that tthey developers needed or funds needed on ttheir asset type. Jade Rahmani And are you seeing a theyalthy amount of interest from developers in tthey property? Ivan Kaufman Well, we're beginning that process; we're in tthey midst of that at ttheir point in time. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Ben Zucker of BTIG. Your line is now open. Ben Zucker Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Looking at tthey gain on sale and MSR margins, it sounds like ttheyre were some one-time things impacting both of those in our 4Q 2018. So is it safe to say that we should probably just model a return to tthey more normalized theirtorical level going forward? Paul Elenio Hey Ben, it’s Paul. And I've been weighing in on tthey market but I think ttheyre's a couple of things ttheyre. You're right; ttheyre were some larger portfolio deals we did get done in tthey fourth quarter which carried lower margin but consequently lower commission expense. So that that played a role but I think in our commentary and Ivan's commentary, we did lay out that we do think tthey market continues to be fiercely competitive and we may start to see a little compression in our margins that will not be what it was for tthey fourth quarter but ttheyre could be some compression on margins going forward. However we think some of that will be offset by reduced commission expense. So I don't know if we can say, we'll tend to win what we averaged for tthey year in 2018 and 2019 and may come in a little tighter than that. But it won't come in as tight as it did in tthey fourth quarter. That was an anomaly with some larger deals we had. Ben Zucker Okay, that sounds good. And ttheyn at tthey end, everything's tthey compensations off tthey net revenue so that will kind of be a sliding sleeve as well? Paul Elenio That's correct. Ben Zucker Got it, ttheyre. Can you talk about tthey single-family rental market and tthey opportunity ttheyre a little bit? I theyard you mention you guys were active in tthey Freddie Mac's pilot program. What are tthey next steps ttheyre and now that that pilot program is over? Ivan Kaufman Sure. So I have an enormous background in tthey single-family market side. And it's very attractive wtheyn you look at tthey scale and size of that market, it's enormous, it's tthey same size as tthey multi-family market but it's very fragmented. But it's changing. It was mostly market dominated by mom and pop operators who own 1 to 10 properties, and ttheyn with tthey crisis you had big people going in and buying pools but that only accounted for a small amount. But what you're seeing now is efficient operators aggregating a lot of ttheyse homes and actually building homes for rentals. And it's become a bigger and bigger part of that market. In tthey Freddie Mac program within a short order, I think we did about 10 to 12 different transactions average size about $12 million and ttheyn tthey FHFA shutdown that program but we had a lot of traction and ttheyre were a few ottheyr players in tthey market that are able to aggregate and securitize. So we found that very attractive. We understand tthey securitization market and we're very fortunate to be able to hire Steve Katz. I have a theirtory with Steve Katz, they actually worked at Arbor and on tthey private side and we aggregated a very significant single-family residential platform which they was tthey CEO of Rents [ph]. So they worked with me for many years. So we reactheyd out to them. We think they has a perfect securitization background and organizational background. And in a very short order, we already began to accumulate a pipeline. We think it's a ptheynomenal business and with tthey right infrastructure we definitely have tthey origination capacity and capability we can build that out and believe it will be a significant driver of anottheyr diverse income stream for tthey company and leverage off of our existing platform. Ben Zucker That's great. And as far as maybe like I know maybe getting a little atheyad of ourselves but tthey net returns that you can see ttheyre, I mean do you think it's comparable to tthey economics of tthey agency multi-family originated sell and service business? Ivan Kaufman I think that, it can be comparable. Right now tthey margins are pretty wide. I think in aggregate in tthey collateral, will aggregate and ttheyn deliver similar type mid 13% to 15% return in tthey aggregation process. On tthey securitization side we believe it could be a 1.5 to 3 point business which is somewhat comparable to tthey multi-family side. So we think it's similar. And we think it's a huge market, ttheyre's no dominant force and as that market begin to put into more, I wouldn't call it institutional but one level down. We think it's going to grow and grow and grow. Ben Zucker Perfect. Well, I appreciate your comments and congrats on tthey strong close to 2018. Paul Elenio Thanks, Ben. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Steptheyn Laws of Raymond James. Your line is now open. Steptheyn Laws Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on a very nice quarter to end a very good year. Can you maybe talk about across your different business lines it seems -- it seems like all are doing pretty well but with tthey new capital raise you kind of laid out in tthey fourth quarter, can you talk about wtheyre you expect to deploy that and maybe how we should think about tthey time it'll take to deploy that capital as you put money to work? Paul Elenio Sure. So clearly we earmarked that capital to fund tthey growing pipeline we had on our balance ttheyyet portfolio business, that's obviously we look at capital, we look at our capital needs depending on wtheyre our pipeline is, we're expecting runoff to go and wtheyre our capital reserves are at that time. So we definitely earmarked that $100 million to fund a very robust and growing pipeline. We started doing that already. I would say it probably takes us through ttheir quarter right-out and maybe a little bit into tthey second quarter to fully fund that capital. But it's totally earmarked for tthey cash -- for tthey pipeline we have in tthey balance ttheyyet business and as we've said many times that balance ttheyyet pipeline continues to be robust. Ivan Kaufman I think ttheyre are a lot of variables in ttheir business and one is runoff. So depending on tthey runoff we will dictate how we use our capital. And I guess an earlier question on bridge-to-bridge situation, sometimes you can't predict that somebody is going to provide a bridge and take you out of your existing loans. It happened to us, I think last quarter on a pretty big loan which by tthey way we're very pleased, we no longer have it with time. So I think tthey runoff is definitely a factor. Sometimes we come across one-time opportunities that are very lucrative. We are very nimble as a firm and in a market like ttheir; we just never know what's going to happen. But based on current pipeline, we have a good amount of cash on hand to fund tthey current pipeline and cash available on our CLOs and continue to operate our business effectively with tthey capital raise. Steptheyn Laws Great. I appreciate tthey color on that and kind of a bigger picture out of D.C. You know a lot of news comes and goes as far as new regulations and impact on tthey housing market in tthey United States. Are ttheyre any specific issues ttheyre you're watching or are ttheyre developments that are taking place ttheyre in tthey last couple of months that have been positive for your business, will be a theyadwind for your business, or can you maybe talk about tthey impact, any new regulations out of Washington is having on your activity? Ivan Kaufman I think it's early to see wtheyre anything is coming out. We've been battling ttheir for tthey last eight years. Ttheyre's always a change, always a rumor of something happening. I think tthey last rumor that I theyard yesterday was that tthey desire to do away with tthey 30-year mortgage which would devastate tthey residential business which is not our business. Tthey offshoot would be is that I think more people would be renting that would be good for our business. But ttheyre's just too much speculation going on at ttheir point. Of course everybody wants to take Fannie and Freddie out of conservatorship. How did ttheyy do that? How did ttheyy impact tthey resi market? How did ttheyy impact tthey multi-market? It’s too early to tell, we can go on at ttheir for eight years and every day is anottheyr story. Steptheyn Laws Yes, definitely. So Ivan and Paul, appreciate you taking my questions and again very nice quarter. Paul Elenio Thanks, Steve. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve DeLaney of JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Steve DeLaney Good morning, Ivan and Paul. Thank you for taking my questions. Obviously, tthey highlight tthey number that blew us away was tthey $1.6 billion in agency in tthey quarter and we know fourth quarter is usually tthey peak period in tthey year. But could you comment, if ttheyre were any particularly large loans in that total and maybe what was tthey largest loan that you might recall that really stood out in tthey quarter? Thanks. Paul Elenio Sure, Steve. Hey it's Paul. So as we mentioned in our commentary, yes, we had a ptheynomenal fourth quarter of $1.06 billion. Ttheyre were probably $400 million to $450 million of portfolio deals probably four or five or six portfolio deals we closed in tthey fourth quarter that were in our pipeline. And we didn't know if ttheyy would close fourth quarter or first quarter but ttheyy all got done in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey biggest one of those portfolio deals, I think was $150 million. So we did a couple of big portfolio deals. We had a couple of larger loans as well but it's really driven by ttheyse portfolio deals we closed. I think from our standpoint, tthey $1.06 billion was tremendous, a little shocking for us as well, we expected some of that to flow over into tthey first quarter and I think as Ivan said, as rates went wtheyre ttheyy went and people got a little anxious, a lot of that got pulled forward into tthey fourth quarter but as you said ttheir happens a lot in ttheir industry. You've seen it in ottheyr competitors as well. Your fourth quarter is usually very, very strong and ttheyn you reset for tthey first quarter but that's tthey reason we had such a dominant fourth quarter. Steve DeLaney And just to be clear, I theyard you mention tthey $150 million, tthey aggregate of all tthey portfolio deals was did you say that was between $400 million and $500 million? Paul Elenio Yes, that's $400 million to $450 million. Steve DeLaney $400 million to $450 million, okay great, thank you. And Ivan as far as what you're seeing obviously we're only -- well I guess only we're a month-and-a-half, we're halfway through tthey first quarter now. Paul mentioned pull-forward and I was sort of thinking to that rally and tthey 10-year breaking down well below 3%. I'm just wondering if maybe ttheyre was any -- are you concerned about cannibalization of tthey usually weaker first quarter. Are you seeing sort of steady business flows? Ivan Kaufman I think, I definitely think ttheyre was a little stronger fourth quarter and some pull-out in tthey first quarter, first quarter is usually out of weak, and people on vacation, tthey pipeline is a little slow to build in tthey first couple of weeks but we're seeing tthey trend of tthey pipeline in tthey last two weeks get back to tthey normal pace of building. So it's a normal first quarter wtheyre tthey first three weeks it's slow and now it's back on pace. Paul Elenio And Steve just theylp guide you a little bit, I think if you go back and theirtorically look at our first quarter volumes, that's probably what you see typically with us, and as Ivan said, little slow in January and starts to build. And ttheyn, as tthey trend you'll see in our financial statements for tthey years, we've been in tthey residential agency business, you'll see tthey first quarter a little weaker than tthey second quarter build and ttheyn tthey third and fourth quarters are always much stronger and that's just tthey way tthey business plays out. Steve DeLaney Understood. That's theylpful. I want to follow-up on Ben's question about tthey single-family rental initiative. I'm curious, we understand that on a big picture basis and how it has comparable opportunities to tthey multi-family but from an internal standpoint, I'm curious wtheyttheyr Steve Katz is charged with building a completely separate origination and servicing platform or will ttheir overlap and utilize Arbor's current loan origination force? Ivan Kaufman It's a good question. Initially we'll leverage you off of tthey infrastructure that we've put in place for tthey Freddie Mac program but on tthey origination standpoint and underwriting standpoint and closing standpoint, we'll build out a separate unit and a separate skill set because we're going to have a broader product line and it will be self-contained. From a servicing standpoint, it's our plan to augment our servicing capability up in Buffalo and keep it under tthey same management and leadership but build out separate skills and talent because we'll be doing multiple products not just -- not just a fully stabilized asset writing bridge loans, bridge loans like we do on tthey multi-family side to get products stabilized and ttheyn securitize it. So we'll build out a full complement of staff to support our entry into ttheir space. Steve DeLaney That's theylpful, Ivan. And should we think of tthey end game being primarily to acquire aggregate ttheyse loans and ttheyn structure, finance ttheym in a way that ttheyy can be relatively long duration investments on tthey REITs balance ttheyyet? Ivan Kaufman I think that tthey duration on tthey aggregation side is between 12 and 24 months, people buy ttheym ttheyy aggregate ttheym, ttheyy lease ttheym up, and once ttheyy are leased, ttheyn you can do -- ttheyn you can securitize and put five, seven and 10-year fixed rate of products on that. That's tthey game. Steve DeLaney Okay. So that product if you were to securitize that, would that -- ttheyir subordinate retain bonds provide an additional investment opportunity for tthey REIT's balance ttheyyet? Ivan Kaufman Yes, we'll retain -- retaining that with a good yield and also having an appropriate gain on sale. Steve DeLaney Great. Okay. And just one final thing, simple thing. Could you estimate what your total in terms of tthey build out of tthey franctheire and tthey platform what was tthey approximate total theyadcount for tthey whole Arbor franctheire at tthey end of tthey year and how would that compare to say one-year earlier? Paul Elenio Sure, Steve. Hey it's Paul. So in total, we were sitting with about I think 425 people at tthey end of tthey year -- ttheir year. And I think actually 468 it was 445 -- it is 445 at tthey end of ttheir time last year. So theyadcount is up 5%, it's up about 3% in tthey agency business and tthey rest is in tthey balance ttheyyet business. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Rick Shane of J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open. Rick Shane Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions ttheir morning. I also want to circle back on Ben's question but I theyard a good answer or clear answer on tthey sales margin but I wanted to make sure we understood tthey MSR rate going forward; it looks like you trued up you talked about sort of truing up tthey assumption ttheyre. I'm curious if that's going to be a go-forward assumption as well? Paul Elenio Sure, it’s Paul. So yes, we did true-up in tthey fourth quarter kind of reevaluating our assumptions for our 2018 MSRs as you're required to put ttheym on as close to fair value as you can use an outside service to theylp us value it, as most firms do. We do think that under tthey new policy and new strategy, it will be higtheyr in tthey future as a result of those fair value assumptions. But obviously that 225 has a cumulative adjustment in tthey number. So I think last, tthey quarter before that it was I think 183. It may be around ttheyre or a little bit up from ttheyre going forward depending on mix. So I think tthey assumptions will change tthey value in an upward way but it also depends on mix of tthey product. Obviously certain products have higtheyr servicing value because ttheyy have higtheyr servicing fees than ottheyrs but if tthey mix stays tthey same, we will see an upward trend. It just won't be 225 every quarter. Rick Shane Got it. So if we look at it on a year-over-year basis for tthey year, it was 194 ttheir year, it was 177 last year, is 194 potentially a reasonable assumption going forward? Paul Elenio It is if mix doesn't change because that reflects what tthey new values are. So I would say that is -- that is a good assumption, if mix doesn't change. Rick Shane Perfect, okay. And mix was essentially tthey same year-over-year. What was tthey change in assumption was it a change in discount rate or was it a change in duration? Paul Elenio It was both, it was more duration than discount rate, but discount rate did play a role in expiration and cost as well. Rick Shane Terrific. Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions ttheir morning. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Your line is now open. Ryan Tomasello Good morning, ttheir is actually Ryan on for Jade. Thanks for taking tthey follow-up guys. Paul Elenio Hey, Ryan. Ryan Tomasello Hey guys, with tthey growth that you’ve experienced in tthey agency business and tthey success you had ttheyre, are ttheyre any issues you anticipate with respect to REIT eligibility perhaps you could say what percentage of tthey dividend or earnings is being generated by tthey agency business or what percent of tthey agency businesses cash earnings are actually REIT qualified? Paul Elenio Sure. So tthey way we look at it right now is I think for tthey fourth quarter our agency business on an AFFO basis came in about 57% of our total. I think it was closer to 60% for tthey year on our 121 of AFFO. So a good part of tthey income as we've talked about before on our call is from ttheir capital-light agency business which is actually very accretive. As far as TRS eligibility and REIT eligibility, we still have lots of room because as you know, we employed a strategy early on wtheyn we purchased tthey agency business that was selling off a piece of tthey servicing as excess servicing up to tthey REITs are actually creating a significant amount of tthey servicing value up at tthey REIT level, it's not taxed at tthey TRS level. So although tthey AFFO is roughly 60% agency and 40% REIT, a lot of tthey servicing value was going back up to tthey REIT, so it's giving us lots of room in our eligibility on our REIT test. We're still -- we still have a lot of room and we're fine. Ryan Tomasello Okay. And we saw that recently that Fannie announced its raising its small balance loan program limit to $6 million from $3 million which would be in line with Freddie Mac. So Ivan, I was just wondering what comments you can give on that in terms of tthey potential impacts to your addressable market and competition overall? Ivan Kaufman Well, I think it's very positive that Fannie Mae has moved up ttheyir slow balance to compete with Freddie. It gives us more product diversity. Ttheyy have some products that are a little bit better specifically on tthey 10 years in Freddie Mac. So we're pleased. It just makes sort of bigger mark for us. We've always been a leader with Fannie Mae in that space. We as you know designed tthey Freddie Mac program. So it just gives us anottheyr tool on our tool box to effectively compete in tthey market. Ryan Tomasello And ttheyn just a few housekeeping items, Paul, can you give tthey commission rate, in tthey agency business you said it was lower based on tthey larger portfolio deals? Paul Elenio Yes, it was lower ttheir quarter for a few reasons mostly due to larger portfolio deals. Secondly, due to wtheyn you get to year-end, you're estimating your commissions all along and ttheyn you kind of threw up your pool. So I think in tthey fourth quarter, it was about 30% but for tthey year it ran about 37% and that's how I look at it. Obviously, if margins compress a little bit that number could come down. But right now it's sitting at about 37% for tthey year -- Ryan Tomasello And ttheyn -- Paul Elenio About 37% gain on sale. Ryan Tomasello Okay, great. And ttheyn tthey average spread on balance ttheyyet loan originations in tthey quarter? Paul Elenio Yes, sure. So, yes, we do look at it a little differently, I know you guys like that question ttheir quarter and we had it, we look at it on a leverage return basis obviously because we have senior debt and subordinated paper as well. So tthey subordinated paper will have a higtheyr gross interest income but obviously not as leveragable. But for tthey quarter we came in at just about 8% all-in with fees on tthey $448 million that we originated. Our leverage returns were 13.5% which was quite impressive considering how competitive tthey market is. And we'd be able to do through scale and obviously through reducing all of our borrowing cost in our lines. But our gross interest income on those loans and yields came in at 8% for tthey quarter. Ryan Tomasello And I'm guessing that 8% it seems like a bit high and probably due to some mix. Any chance you could say for like tthey standard bridge, first mortgage product wtheyre our spreads currently are today in tthey market or wtheyre ttheyy were in tthey fourth quarter? Paul Elenio Yes, I will let Ivan comment on wtheyre spreads are right now in tthey markets. But I think to your point it is a little bit of mix, 90% of tthey loans we originated in tthey quarter were senior debt with bridge loans, 10% were subordinated paper. So that does impacted as I said tthey 10% carries a much higtheyr gross yield. But again we look at it from a leverage return perspective and from a leverage return perspective, 13.5% and a little bit over 13% for tthey year was a really strong year for us. But Ivan, could give more color on wtheyre we think spreads are right now on that structure cost. Ivan Kaufman I think tthey spreads on bridge debt, senior debt are definitely very, very tight and extremely competitive. And we've been effective in reducing our borrowing costs and getting more efficient leverage so maintaining our yields. On tthey ottheyr hand LIBOR is going up. So tthey growth rate is going to inch up as LIBOR is inching up. So we've been able to maintain tthey kind of yields that we need to in order to be an effective operator but that's been by creating ottheyr efficiencies to offset tthey spread compression. Operator Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I’d like to turn tthey conference back over to Ivan Kaufman for closing remarks. Ivan Kaufman Thank you everybody for your good questions and your participation tthey entire year. It was an outstanding year. We are pretty thrilled about our baseline starting point for 2019; numbers really support a great dividend and tthey opportunity to grow our dividend for 2019 and forward. Thanks everybody. Have a good day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.