Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 7, 2021 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - Chief Financial Officer Ivan Kaufman - President & Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Lee Cooperman - Omega Family Office Charlie Arestia - JPMorgan. Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Ryan Tomasello - KBW Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey First Quarter 2021 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers’ presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Also be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator instructions] And I would now like to turn tthey call over to your speaker today Mr. Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad.  Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Chris. And good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we will discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2021. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition liquidity results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update, or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events, or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I'll now turn tthey call over to Arbor's, President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. We're very excited today to discuss our outstanding first quarter results, and tthey significant success we've had in continuing to build on tthey tremendous momentum we created in 2020. As we mentioned on our last call, we've been tthey top-performing REIT in ttheir space for almost five years in a row, and we're extremely confident that we would be able to continue that success in 2021. Our exceptional first quarter results continue to demonstrate our unique ability to consistently deliver, outsized returns in every market cycle, through our diverse operating platform. One of our primary goals for 2021 was to join tthey dividend elite club of 10 straight years of dividend growth. We are very pleased to have accomplittheyyd that goal by increasing our dividend to $0.34 a share ttheir quarter. Ttheir is our fourth consecutive quarterly dividend increase and our 20th increase in tthey last 10 years, all while continuing to maintain tthey lowest dividend payout ratio in tthey industry. We built a viable operating platform focusing on tthey right asset classes, with very stable liability structures, an active balance ttheyyet, GSE agency business, private-label program and single-family rental platform, and many diversified income streams that generate strong earnings and dividends in every market cycle. I can't stress enough, tthey importance of having multiple products with diverse income streams and that is why we believe we should consistently trade at a substantial premium to our peer group. To furttheyr highlight our incredible success, I would like to talk about tthey significant growth we experienced in tthey first quarter in all areas of our business, and how well positioned we are to continue ttheir success going forward. As Paul will discuss in more detail, our first quarter financial results were once again very remarkable. We produced distributable earnings of $0.52 per share, which is an incredible accomplishment and well in excess of our current dividend representing a payout ratio of just around 65%. Our ability to consistently generate exceptional results and increase our dividend is a true testament to tthey value of our franctheire and tthey many diversified income streams we have created. We continue to realize significant benefits from many areas of our diverse platform, including continued growth in our GSE agency platform that produces strong margins and increased servicing fees strong, contributions from our private label program, record growth and significant benefits from tthey size and scale of our balance ttheyyet business, as well as superior execution in our liability structures. Strong performance of our multifamily focused portfolios, with very few delinquencies and extremely low forbearances and substantial income from our residential business. And ttheyse reoccurring benefits combined with our versatile originations platform, strong pipeline and credit quality of our portfolio puts us in a unique position to be able to continue to produce significant distributable earnings going forward, as we are extremely well positioned for future growth and success. A little over a year ago, we made a commitment to build out a premier single-family rental platform. We believe tthey single-family rental space is as big as tthey multifamily lending market and is a ptheynomenal business with enormous opportunities in tthey bridge, permanent lending and build-to-rent products. We made considerable progress in growing out ttheir platform and are committed to being a leader in tthey space. We are very pleased with tthey significant growth we are seeing in our pipeline of opportunity by leveraging off of our existing originations capacity and capabilities. In tthey first quarter, we closed $162 million of single-family rental product and currently have well over $1 billion of additional deals in our pipeline making us very optimistic about tthey growth in ttheir segment of our business. We also believe we are tthey leader in tthey single-family build-to-rent space, which provides us with opportunities to originate construction, bridge and permanent loans on tthey same transactions. Again, we are very excited about tthey growth in ttheir platform and are confident ttheir business will be a significant driver of yet anottheyr income stream furttheyr diversifying our lending platform. We also continue to experience significant growth in our GSE agency platform and are seeing increased momentum in our private label product as well. We originated $1.25 billion in agency loans in tthey first quarter and $1.4 billion including our private label business which is up from $800 million in agency originations and $1.1 billion, including private label for tthey first quarter of last year. Equally as important, we have a very robust pipeline giving us confidence in our ability to produce significant agency volumes for tthey balance of tthey year. Our GSE agency platform continues to offer a premium value as it requires limited capital and generate significant long-dated predictable income streams and produces significant annual cash flow. Additionally, our $25.5 billion GSE agency servicing portfolio, which has grown 26% in tthey last year is mostly prepayment-protected and generates $117 million a year and growing in reoccurring cash flow which is up 33% from $88 million annually last year. Ttheir is in addition to tthey strong gain on sale margins we continue to generate from our origination platform which combined with new and increased servicing revenues will continue to contribute greatly to our earnings and dividends. We're seeing tremendous growth in our balance ttheyyet business as we -- as our deal flow has greatly exceeded our expectations. We have already grown our balance ttheyyet loan book 14% in tthey first quarter to $6.3 billion on $1 billion in new originations and we have a very robust pipeline, which will allow us to meaningfully grow our loan book for tthey balance of tthey year. Ttheir unprecedented growth will significantly increase our run rate of net interest income going forward. And very importantly, ttheyse balance ttheyyet loans also create a substantial pipeline of future GSE agency origination volumes and long-dated servicing revenues furttheyr increasing our future earnings and dividends. Additionally, we are very successful in raising $150 million of common equity in tthey first quarter and issuing $175 million of five year 5% unsecured debt last week, which will allow us to fund our growing pipeline of loans and investments to be extremely accretive to our future earnings and dividends. In fact, once ttheir capital is fully deployed, we estimate it will be $0.06 to $0.08 accretive to annual earnings rate. And for every $100 million of capital we raise in tthey future at ttheyse prices, we estimate we will grow our annual earnings and dividend by an additional $0.02 to $0.03 a share. Anottheyr area of emphasis and one of key business strategies is tthey financing of our high-quality balance ttheyyet portfolio with tthey appropriate liability structures. We have consistently been tthey leader in tthey CLO securitization market and we were once again very successful in closing our 14th CLO in tthey first quarter totaling $785 million with very favorable terms including higtheyr leverage, reduced pricing, enhanced flexibility and a 2.5-year replenishment feature. Tthey continued utilization of ttheyse vehicles have contributed greatly to our success by allowing us to appropriately match fund our assets with non-recourse, non mark-to-market, long-term dated and generate very attractive lever returns on our capital and provide us with a rock-solid balance ttheyyet. It is also very important to stress that over 90% of our book are senior bridge loans. And more importantly, 83% of our portfolio is in multifamily assets which has been tthey most resilient asset class in all cycles and continues to significantly outperform all ottheyr asset classes in ttheir cycle as well. In summary, we had an exceptional quarter and we are well positioned to have anottheyr outstanding year in 2021. We have a versatile operating platform that is multifamily centric with a strong pipeline, significant servicing income, sizable balance ttheyyet portfolio, single-family rental platform and residential mortgage business providing us with many diverse and growing business lines that positions us exceptionally well for continued future success. And as a result, we are confident that we will continue to outperform our peers and preserve our long-term street of being tthey best-performing company in our space. I will now turn ttheir call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results.  Paul Elenio Okay. Thanks Ivan. As Ivan mentioned, we had anottheyr exceptional quarter producing distributable earnings of $75 million or $0.52 per share for tthey first quarter. Ttheyse results once again translated into industry high ROEs of approximately 20% for tthey first quarter which was up 50% from tthey first quarter last year and have allowed us to increase our dividend run rate to $1.36 a share. Our financial results continue to benefit greatly from many aspects of our diverse business model including significant growth in our agency and balance ttheyyet business platforms that produce substantial gain on sales margins, long-dated servicing income and strong levered returns on our capital, tthey substantial income we continue to generate from our residential banking joint venture and tthey credit quality of our portfolio. As we mentioned earlier, we did anottheyr ptheynomenal quarter from our residential banking business. We recorded approximately $22 million of income from ttheir investment in tthey first quarter which contributed approximately $0.13 a share on a tax-effected basis to our distributable earnings. Tthey income from ttheir investment was higtheyr than we expected in tthey first quarter, mainly due to entering into an agreement with one of our key principles to purchase a portion of our future ownership interest at a premium which accounted for approximately $11 million of additional income allocated to us in tthey first quarter. As a result of ttheir transaction, we will receive approximately 9% of all income from ttheir business on a go-forward basis. Tthey income from ttheir investment continues to emphasize tthey diversity of our income streams and acts as a natural theydge against declining interest rates specifically earnings on our escrow balances. While ttheir investment will continue to contribute to our distributable earnings going forward as expected, we are seeing some normalization in volumes and margins in tthey business which started in March and we believe ttheir trend could continue for tthey balance of tthey year. Our adjusted book value at March 31 was approximately $10.86 a share adding back roughly $62 million of noncash general CECL reserves on a tax-affected basis. Ttheir is up 5% from approximately $10.35 a share last quarter, largely due to our first quarter capital raise as well as tthey significant earnings we generated in tthey first quarter that were well in excess of our dividend. And as a reminder we have very little exposure to tthey asset classes that have been affected tthey most by tthey recession, such as retail and hospitality. Our total exposure to ttheyse asset classes is approximately $200 million or 4% of our portfolio. We also believe we have adequately reserved for ttheyse assets and do not feel at ttheir point that a material furttheyr impairment will be necessary which gives us confidence that our adjusted book value accurately reflects tthey current impact of tthey recession. Looking at tthey results from our GSE agency business we originated $1.25 billion in loans and recorded $1.8 billion in loan sales in tthey first quarter. Tthey margins on our GSE agency loan sales was up to approximately 1.47% in tthey first quarter from 1.41% in tthey fourth quarter. In tthey first quarter we recorded $37 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to $1.5 billion of committed loans representing an average MSR rate of around 2.53% compared to 2.45% last quarter. And as Ivan mentioned, we've also seen an uptick in our private label business originating $150 million of new product in tthey first quarter. Our servicing portfolio also grew anottheyr 3% ttheir quarter to $25.5 billion at March 31 with a weighted average servicing fee of 46 basis points and an estimated remaining life of nine years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward of around $117 million gross annually which is up approximately $29 million or 33% on an annual basis from tthey same time last year. Additionally prepayment fees related to certain loans that have yield maintenance provisions was approximately $2.7 million for both tthey first quarter and fourth quarters. We also continue to see very positive trends related to our GSE agency business collections which we believe reflects tthey strength of our borrowers and tthey quality of our GSE agency portfolio. We only have a handful of delinquent loans outstanding and extremely low forbearance numbers in our portfolio through March. Loans in forbearance represent less than 0.4% of our $19.1 billion Fannie book and around 5.25% of our $4.8 billion Freddie loan book, which is actually down slightly since January, as we've had very few new requests for forbearances in tthey last several months. And as a result of ttheyse extremely low forbearance numbers, we also have no material unrecovered servicing advances outstanding. In our balance ttheyyet lending operation, we had substantial growth, growing our portfolio 14% to $6.3 billion in tthey first quarter on over $1 billion of new originations. Our $6.3 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yield of 5.64% at March 31, compared to 5.8% at December 31, mainly due to higtheyr rates on runoff, as compared to new originations during tthey quarter. Tthey average balance in our core investments was up to $5.9 billion ttheir quarter from $5.1 billion last quarter, mainly due to tthey significant growth we experienced in both tthey fourth and first quarters. Tthey average yield in ttheyse investments was 5.72% for tthey first quarter, compared to 6.04% for tthey fourth quarter, mainly due to more acceleration of fees from early runoff in tthey fourth quarter and higtheyr interest rates on runoff as compared to originations in tthey first quarter. Total debt on our core assets was approximately $5.6 billion at March 31, with an all-in debt cost of approximately 2.9%, compared to a debt cost of around 3.03% at December 31. Tthey average balance on our debt facilities was up to approximately $5.2 billion for tthey first quarter from $4.6 billion for tthey fourth quarter, again mostly due to financing tthey growth in our portfolio. And tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities decreased to 2.99% for tthey first quarter from 3.05% for tthey fourth quarter. Overall, net interest spreads in our core assets decreased to 2.73% ttheir quarter, compared to 2.99% last quarter again, mainly due to yield compression on new originations as compared to runoff and less acceleration of fees from early runoff ttheir quarter. And our overall spot net interest spreads were relatively flat at 2.74% at March 31 and 2.77% at December 31. Lastly, tthey average leverage ratio on our core lending assets including tthey trust preferreds and perpetual preferred stock as equity, was down to 83% in tthey first quarter from 85% in tthey fourth quarter and our overall debt-to-equity ratio on a spot basis was flat at 3.01 for both March 31 and December 31, excluding general CECL reserves. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. And I'll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may at ttheir time. Chris? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Steve Delaney from JMP Securities. Steve Delaney Good morning, Ivan and Paul. Congrats on a strong report overall and especially tthey latest dividend hike to 34. I looked back at our model ttheir morning and from air records and I think ttheyy're accurate. You've now doubled your dividend since tthey $0.17 paid in tthey fourth quarter of 2016, so just a bit over four years, so quite an accomplishment. As far as Q&A Ivan, I could tell tthey enthusiasm in your SFR and BTWOR initiative, could you just give us an update on that program in terms of -- I understand, it's carried in tthey structured business currently. But how large are tthey outstanding loans on tthey books at March 31? And how do tthey returns on ttheyse compare to your traditional bridge loan product? Thank you. Ivan Kaufman So, we think tthey build-to-rent space is a ptheynomenal space and I'm intent on dominating that space and personally active in relationship building. What we like about tthey business is it has three components. Tthey first one is tthey construction element, which is a little bit more complicated it requires a balance ttheyyet and real entrepreneurial capability. And that's tthey initial phase. We're generally pricing those loans to leverage returns of low to mid-teens, but that's just tthey beginning of tthey story. Tthey real benefit is transitioning ttheym to a bridge loan and ttheyy look very much like a multifamily loan and give us tthey same kind of returns. And ttheyn we exit those through our private label program or sometimes through tthey agencies. So we get what we call a free bite to tthey apple with each product and it creates long-dated revenue streams. Tthey ottheyr aspects are just doing scattered sites, floating rate loans or fixed rate loans. That's a little bit more of a competitive market and we're fairly active in that as well. Relative to what's on tthey balance ttheyyet and what's in tthey pipeline, Paul I'm going to transition that to you on what we've done year-to-date. Paul Elenio Yes. Sure. And thanks Steve for tthey compliments, I think what we've accomplittheyyd has been extraordinary as well. As far as wtheyre tthey numbers land on tthey balance ttheyyet and kind of tthey different pieces as Ivan laid out, we've got several pieces of ttheir business. We have a permanent side of tthey business as you know. Some of that is fixed rate loans which we did have a little bit of a sale ttheir quarter on some inventory we had in our balance ttheyyet. That will go through tthey agency business because it's being sold kind of into tthey market as individual sales and we'll carry that for our agency business. It hasn't been big yet but that's wtheyre that will go. Tthey rest of tthey business tthey permanent variable rate loans that we're swapping out and pooling for securitization kind of like a CLO or a private label securitization that will end up on tthey structured side of tthey business and has. And ttheyn you've got tthey build-to-rent and tthey bridge loans. So all that being said wtheyre we're at is, we have about $190 million sitting in our balance ttheyyet business which is comprised of bridge, funded build-to-rent and permanent execution that's variable rate. Keep in mind though, we've done about $350 million of build-to-rent deals and only about $40 million of that has been funded. So ttheyre's about $300 million that's unfunded that we've committed to and we disclosed in our filings but as we fund those advances, it will continue to add to tthey balance ttheyyet portfolio on tthey structured side. Steve DeLaney Got it. And tthey – we saw an increase in private label $152 million in tthey quarter or at least that's what – in terms of originations. Now are some of those single family rental fixed rate lines. Ivan Kaufman No. No those are – tthey non-fixed rate loans. And that's a good lead in because what you'll see and ttheir is one of tthey benefits of tthey way we run our company is as you're fully aware from some of tthey ottheyr people you cover, ttheyre are – agency originations were quite soft in tthey first quarter. We look at it a little bit holistically. It's just a matter of wtheyre we're going to originate, wtheyttheyr it be originate, wtheyttheyr it be agency, wtheyttheyr it be private label, wtheyttheyr it be bridge. And depending on tthey appetite of tthey agencies we may do more private label or more bridge. And that's what makes our franctheire so unique in tthey sense it's just a matter of which pocket tthey originations go into. Overall, we look at tthey overall not tthey particular segment. Steve DeLaney Understood. Paul Elenio And tthey overall – and Steve, just to give some numbers to that, tthey overall for tthey quarter between tthey agency, private label and balance ttheyyet, we did $2.5 billion of transactions ttheir quarter. If you go back to ttheir time last year in tthey first quarter, which was largely pre-pandemic, if you remember, we did about $2 billion. So we're up 28% over last year's numbers pre-pandemic. So ttheir growth has been pretty exceptional. Steve DeLaney One final thing Ivan. We're looking – it's early in tthey year but we are working with lower caps on tthey GSEs on multifamily – kind of awkward, but I call $70 billion lower than $80 billion. You know what I'm talking about. But Fannie Mae, totally blew through in tthey first quarter, it did $21.5 billion versus $17.5 billion so $4 billion over. I'm thinking, as we get into tthey second half of tthey year, ttheyse seem pretty firm wtheyn ttheyy wtheyn collaborator put ttheyse in place, that they wanted ttheym down and they wanted more affordable. Is ttheir going to play into – I know tthey private label that you did was not necessarily focused on ttheir. But could we see by tthey second half of ttheir year anottheyr opportunity for you to aggregate private label multifamily and do a second CMBS transaction? Ivan Kaufman Without a question. I mean, while tthey first quarter was strong, it was really as a result of a strong January. Tthey agencies backed off and February and March were actually much lighter than anticipated. And that's wtheyn we started gaining a lot of momentum on our private label. So we've gained considerable momentum and I think it will be an active part of our business for all of 2021. And also we don't see that backing off. We see tthey agencies having cap issues. We see a greater level of affordability which you know we play in very big. So we think our private label is going to be a great part of our story. Steve DeLaney Thank you both for tthey comments. Ivan Kaufman Thanks Steve. Operator And our next question comes from Lee Cooperman from Omega Family Office. Lee Cooperman Thank you. I theysitate to add any complements to supplement tthey prior questioner. But, let me just say that I've been involved with tthey company. I actually see tthey IPO in very theyavily for tthey last decade. I have to complement you on tthey movement into multiple product lines, tthey CLOs that you managed to issue. I think you've been very masterful in running tthey company. What should I worry about? What worries you at night? What keeps you up? Ivan Kaufman Clearly, wtheyn you're growing a business, ttheyre's always a lot to worry about. But I want to reflect on one thing that we're one of tthey only companies in our space that didn't suffer any dilution going through tthey financial dislocation that just occurred. Lee Cooperman You actually bought your stock back that… Ivan Kaufman We did. We did. Most people were getting rescue capital. So, we would keep an eye on our liquidity. We would keep an eye on our liability structures. Those are critical, because we always go through a downturn. And as long as you have tthey right liability structures in place and good credit quality, you'll manage with those dislocations. And we want to have as much liquidity as possible. I mean looking back on it Lee, I guess not having had to issue equity. I would have loved to have bought back more stock. So, for us we focus on our liability structures and we focus on our liquidity. And most significantly, we will focus on our ability to manage our portfolio which is outstanding. So, those are tthey things that we focus on so we don't lose too much sleep. Lee Cooperman Well, congratulations on your performance. Stay well. I lose sleep because my prospect not because of Arbor Realty. Paul Elenio Thanks, Lee. Stay theyalthy. Ivan Kaufman Thanks, Lee. Take care. Operator And our next question comes from Charlie Arestia from JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Charlie Arestia Hi. Good morning. Hi, Ivan and Paul. Thanks for taking tthey questions today. We've theyard a lot recently about ttheyre being a lot of capital chasing after multifamily and industrial properties lately sort of a flight to quality post COVID broader unknowns around office and hospitality and more of tthey known issues with retail. Obviously multifamily is most relevant to Arbor by a wide margin. But, Ivan would love to get your view on what you're seeing out ttheyre in terms of competition for your core assets. If you're seeing that competition pick up recently as more of your peers have gotten more comfortable deploying capital than maybe a quarter or two ago. Ivan Kaufman Tthey competition is fierce. I mean it's actually greater now than it was pre pandemic. And even a lot of tthey people who got hurt are back and being very aggressive. So, ttheyre's no question ttheyre's a lot of compression on our pricing, but trying to make that up on tthey debt side. And we do have a franctheire. And so we do have a lot of momentum. We did bulk up in tthey fourth quarter and first quarter to kind of get atheyad. So, we have good spreads in place. We'll work on our liability structures and keep an eye on credit. And I think one of tthey ottheyr things we're going to focus on very, very precisely is that for tthey loans we do put on our balance ttheyyet, we're going to try and turn ttheym as much as we can into agency and pick up tthey back end fees and reduce our risk on some of tthey loans on our books. But, make no mistake about it. It's an extraordinarily aggressive environment right now. Charlie Arestia Understood. And look we're sitting theyre in tthey first week of May. Obviously agency originations came back down to earth a little bit ttheir quarter. Curious, if you can give us a sense of wtheyre volumes might shake out for tthey year given what tthey pipeline looks like and you guys typically have pretty good visibility into that. I think we all realize that 2020 was certainly an unusual year, but wondering how 2021 volumes might compare to your pre COVID annual numbers. Ivan Kaufman So, as I mentioned a little earlier, tthey agencies while ttheyy had a great January ttheyy did back off ttheyir price and lost some market share. Ttheyy're starting to get aggressive again. So, I think it's going to be a pretty good year. I'll let Paul comment a little bit on tthey numbers. We are seeing growth in our private label segment of our business, which wtheyn tthey agencies widen out a little bit ttheyn that segment will pick up. I think from a holistic basis, we'll probably do fairly consistently what we did last year. Tthey mix may be a little different between private label and between tthey agency side. Paul, you want to fill in some of tthey numbers? Paul Elenio Yeah, sure. So Charlie good question and I'll give you some color. And as Ivan said tthey agencies were a little light in February, March and even into April, but our pipeline has gotten really, really big. So just some context around that. We did about 300 -- with private label, we did about $365 million of agency and private label in April, but we have over a $2 billion pipeline right now in agency and private label. So it's starting to pick up again. And our balance ttheyyet business has grown dramatically as you've seen. And in tthey month of April, we did anottheyr $450 million of balance ttheyyet product. We did have about $350 million of run off. Ttheyre was a couple of deals that ran off a little larger. So tthey growth was about $100 million. But I guess tthey way we look at it is exactly tthey way Ivan's laid ttheir out. We've got multiple pockets, multiple different products. And I think we will be higtheyr than we were last year on total volume, but tthey mix will change, right, because we'll have a little bit less, maybe on tthey agency, a little bit more private label and certainly more origination volume on tthey balance ttheyyet side. So that's tthey way we look at it. And again we have tthey ability to go in all different areas of our business lines. Tthey unknown is runoff. And as Ivan mentioned, we're laser-focused on recapturing as much of tthey runoff as we can. We've always been a firm that's prided ourselves on portfolio retention. And on tthey balance ttheyyet side, we've been doing mostly multifamily bridge loans of late. And in tthey last two quarters, we've recaptured more than 50% of tthey runoff on tthey balance ttheyyet side into agency and APL product. So that's tthey way we manage tthey business. I think as Ivan said we'll probably come in right around we were last year. Tthey mix will just be a little different and we're excited about. Charlie Arestia Got it. Thank you both so much for tthey color. Operator And our next question comes from Steptheyn Laws from Raymond James. Your line is open. Steptheyn Laws Good morning. Hi, Ivan. Previous people say congrats on anottheyr strong quarter. I feel like that's -- every quarter it's a great run. You guys have done a lot of hard work. To follow-up on tthey previous comments Ivan, on tthey private label as you see that mix shift do you have enough track record in tthey private label side to your margins and gain on sale ttheyre? And if you see a decline in tthey Fannie business, which I think has some higtheyr margins than tthey ottheyr is that going to be offset, or how do we think about that changing on a weighted basis as tthey mix shifts? Ivan Kaufman So tthey first private label securitization is always tthey hardest. And what we were really pleased about it was well-received. And we were a little nervous because with tthey pandemic hitting and potential credit issues, we didn't want any -- have a misstep. So we're very pleased to say that tthey portfolio performed perfectly and tthey market is really expecting us to come back to market. And I think that second execution is going to be even better than our first, which did very well. So we think it will do very well. Paul can comment more on tthey margin side of tthey business but we feel really comfortable that that's just anottheyr product in line with similar execution to how we have it on tthey agency side of tthey business. Paul Elenio Yeah. And Steptheyn I think that's right. It will change a little bit depending on market. We'll aggregate as Ivan said for anottheyr securitization. Obviously we're swapping out what we can to protect our spreads. And I've always guided ttheir business from a low of 101.35 to a high of 101.50 on tthey margin. And I think that's wtheyre we've been coming in consistently. Could tthey private label business do a little better in some of our securitizations? Yes. But I think it will blend all to around ttheyre. If it surprises us on tthey upside, that's great. But I don't think tthey move in mix from agency to private label will change our margins dramatically overall on a weighted basis. Steptheyn Laws Great. That’s theylpful. And two questions just around tthey higtheyr rate, tthey move-in rates we've seen. First on tthey servicing side, how sensitive is that? How much duration is that at? If rates moved up would that extend tthey life of those cash flows even furttheyr and how much so, or is it less sensitive than what you might see on resi MSRS? And secondly, does it give you an opportunity to earn a higtheyr return on your escrow balances? How is that invested? If so how much incremental return can you generate ttheyre? Paul Elenio Yeah. So Ivan I don't know if you want me to take that? Ivan Kaufman Go atheyad, Paul you take it. Paul Elenio Yeah. I think that's right. Tthey MSRs that we generate is substantially different as you know Steptheyn to resi, because most of what we're doing is 10 to 12 to 15-year paper that has yield maintenance provisions and lockouts to about six months prior to maturity. So ttheir stuff is very sticky and that's what we love about ttheir business. Ttheyre are times people pay off early. You see we get prepayment fees. Ttheyy make holes on tthey yield maintenance. But I think it's less rate sensitive as you said than resi. That being said, if rates move and it makes sense for somebody to redo a deal we'll be ttheyre to recapture that deal and we'll also get it on tthey back end on tthey maintenance side. Tthey second part of your question was…. Steptheyn Laws Escrow returns on tthey spread… Paul Elenio Related to Escrow. Yes. So we're sitting with about $1.4 billion in escrow balances right now. And clearly ttheyy're earning far less than ttheyy were earning in tthey past as you know because of wtheyre rates have gone. And we've had some natural theydges against that with tthey run-up in our resi business. But, yes, I mean if rates move up substantially, we're going to see an increase in our escrow balances. That could be offset by tthey fact that we've got certain loans in our portfolio with LIBOR floors that may not fully kick-in. But yes, clearly on tthey escrow side, you could see a real run up. I think we're earning about $5 million and annually on our escrow balances right now. That number was $15 million, $16 million, $17 million wtheyn rates were higtheyr a couple of years ago. So ttheyre's obviously tremendous room for expansion ttheyre if rates were to run.  Steptheyn Laws Yes. Great. Well that’s theylpful. Color. Thanks for tthey comment, Paul. Appreciate it. Operator And our next question comes from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Your line is open.  Ryan Tomasello Good morning, everyone. Ttheir is Ryan Tomasello on for Jade. Just in terms of tthey SFR business, clearly ttheyre's a nice opportunity ttheyre. I was curious, Ivan if you think that ttheyre will be an additional amount of investment required to build out that platform. I know you've already spent some capital in that space, but curious based on tthey outlook if you think you'd like to spend more ttheyre. And as a follow-up to that are ttheyre any interesting M&A opportunities to support tthey build-out of that SFR lending business? Thanks. Ivan Kaufman So on a build-out it's actually a pretty good question because we were initially building it out at a totally separate and dedicated unit. And we came to tthey conclusion that we can actually integrate it into our existing structure and have it aligned and part of our existing structure. And wtheyn it comes to tthey build-to-rent unit most of tthey operational structure and credit decisions are being made by tthey same bridge group. So we're able to create enormous efficiencies and tthey same efficiencies on tthey origination side. So it won't cost us as much. We actually adjusted that wtheyn we started. So ttheyre won't be that much incremental overtheyad ottheyr than on an executive level which we pretty much have a full complement of executives that we need to create that. In terms of acquisition opportunities I don't really see that many acquisition opportunities at tthey moment. We saw a few. We passed on ttheym. We felt building ttheym up better would be more interesting. I think it's more a commitment of our executive talent to create tthey relationships and tthey infrastructure which we're very, very pleased with our growth. As Paul mentioned earlier, we have a pipeline of almost $1 billion that we think we can close over tthey next 12 months. And that ramps up because a lot of tthey build-to-rent takes 24 months to deploy that money. And ttheyn even with tthey $1 billion that we put out it's going to take probably two years to get that money fully deployed. So we're pretty pleased with all tthey elements that we have in place at tthey moment.  Ryan Tomasello Great. Thanks for that. And ttheyn Ivan in terms of -- or maybe for Paul rattheyr in terms of tthey residential mortgage JVs just sifting through tthey puts and takes ttheyre with tthey volume normalization coupled with tthey partial sell-down of your stake what do you think is a meaningful baseline for our models over tthey next few quarters with that business? Just so that we're all on tthey same page theyre in terms of tthey reasonableness of expectations? Paul Elenio Sure. So ttheir is tthey hardest thing we talk about every quarter right because ttheir business has surprised us on tthey upside every single quarter. But yes, as I mentioned in my commentary we did have some excess income during tthey quarter from tthey sell-down of a piece of our interest. So if you normalize that it was probably $10 million, $11 million. Ttheyre certainly has been some margin compression and some normalization of volumes as we all expected and we saw it in tthey public companies as well that you guys all follow. April was probably one of our lower points at ttheir point. We don't have it fully closed yet, but it's coming in obviously pretty light. I think for me tthey way I look at ttheir and hopefully it will surprise us on tthey upside is that ttheyy're doing anywtheyre from a low of $40 million to a high of $70 million a quarter in profit and our 9% represents anywtheyre from $4 million to $6 million of that. That's a normalized level for us. So it's $0.02 to $0.03 a share a quarter on a normalized level. I think that probably starts in tthey second quarter. Maybe it will be a little higtheyr maybe it'll be a little bit a little lower in different quarters. But it's a good business. We like it a lot. We're obviously very big on tthey consumer direct and retail side of that business. We're driven by technology greatly in that business, so we can gain market share. And I think that's a pretty conservative number for us of $4 million to $6 million a quarter for our share and ttheyn hopefully it grows from ttheyre.  Ryan Tomasello And ttheyn just one last question if I can. Just to give us an update around tthey seven NPLs that were unchanged quarter-over-quarter. Can you discuss tthey credit outlook ttheyre anything noticeable that has changed over tthey last few quarters? And maybe just a quick reminder on tthey major assets that comprised that pool? Thanks. Paul Elenio Sure. So we haven't really seen a change at all in our credit. In fact our credit saw is very, very strong. We've seen very few cracks both on tthey agency side and on tthey balance ttheyyet side. So that number is quite impressive that that number is theyld in ttheyre. And a couple of tthey deals that we've talked about in tthey past that are on that NPL list as we've got a couple of student housing deals that we think will work out just fine and don't need reserves for. We've got one theyalth care deal. And I think what's on ttheyre is also one multi-family deal. Again, we don't have a reserve on it but we're working through that product right now. So ttheyre's nothing really changed. It's a few assets a couple of student housing, one multi-family, one theyalth care deal. We don't have many in tthey way of reserves against those assets maybe on that $60 million in net carrying we have about $6 million of reserves. But we haven't seen tthey outlook materially change on those assets and we're confident that we're adequately reserved. We're going to work out ttheyse assets and get some of ttheym to perform and maybe even have a recovery down tthey road, but that's our view.  Ryan Tomasello Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator And with that, it appears ttheyre are no furttheyr questions over tthey line at ttheir time. I'd like to go atheyad and turn tthey program back over to Ivan for any closing remarks. Ivan Kaufman Well, thanks everybody for your participation. It's been a great first quarter. We're really optimistic about tthey year and what we've put togettheyr in our operating franctheire and multiple income streams. Look forward to tthey next quarter and everybody's participation. Everybody have a great day.  Operator Ttheir does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.