Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call May 10, 2019 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - CFO Ivan Kaufman - President & CEO Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Ryan Tomasello - KBW Richard Shane - JP Morgan Lee Cooperman - Omega Advisors Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey First quarter 2019 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, and good morning everyone, and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we'll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2019. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans, and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I'll now turn tthey call over to Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release, we had a great start to 2019 with strong first quarter results which continues to demonstrate tthey diversity of our operating platform and tthey value of our franctheire. As we mentioned on our last call, we are very pleased with tthey continued growth in our business which provided us with a very strong baseline of predictable and favorable earnings theyading into 2019. Ttheir strong baseline combined with our first quarter success has allowed us to once again increase our quarterly dividend by anottheyr 4% to $0.28 per share. At our current stock price, we're operating at a dividend yield of approximately 8.5% which we believe is not reflective of our true value. Additionally, as promised, we did provide a chart in our last investor deck which demonstrates tthey considerable growth we produced in our servicing revenues, escrow earnings, and net interest income from our balance ttheyyet portfolio last year. It also illustrates tthey quality and diversity of our income streams which differentiates us from our peers and why we believe we should consistently trade at a lower dividend yield at our peer group. Furttheyrmore, our first quarter growth also continues to increase our run rate of core earnings, making us very confident in our ability to increase our dividend in tthey future. To highlight ttheir furttheyr, I would like to talk about tthey growth we experienced in both our business platforms. In our agency business, we grow our servicing portfolio anottheyr 2% in tthey first quarter and 13% over last year and is now at 18.9 billion. Ttheir portfolio generates a servicing fee of 45 basis points and has an average remaining life of 8.5 year, which reflects a 10% increase in duration over tthey last two years. As result, we have created a very significant, predictable annuity of income about $80 million now as gross annually and growing tthey majority of which is prepayment protected. And ttheir growth in our servicing portfolio also continues to increase annuity of income from our escrow balances furttheyr contributing to our growing annual run rate of core earnings. We also originated 850 million of agency loans in tthey first quarter. Ttheir was slightly down from last year's first quarter volumes, up approximately 1 billion mainly do as we mentioned on our last call to sum up ttheir year's first quarter volume being pulled into tthey fourth quarter of last year from tthey sharp drop in tthey 10 year at year end. More meaningfully, our pipeline is very strong, providing us with confidence and our ability to continue to grow our origination volume for tthey balance of tthey year. We're also very pleased in our ability to generate strong margins in our first quarter loan sales despite tthey extremely competitive landscape, and income stream from our agency platform continues to create significant diversity and a high-level of certainty in our income sources. With respect to our balance ttheyyet business, we've experienced tremendous growth in our loan book. We grew ttheir portfolio of 24% in 2018 and anottheyr 4% in tthey first quarter on 416 million origination. We've also seen a sizable increase in our pipeline over tthey last few months which allowed us to continue to increase our run rate of net interest income going forward. We had a very strong start to tthey second quarter with 250 million originations in April. And as a result of our strong pipeline, we elected to raise 90 million of 5.75% unsecured debt to fund tthey equity portion of ttheyse loans. Ttheir was very attractive capital as it will be used to fund our pipeline of new investments and tthey immediately accretive telco earnings. And again, tthey income generated from our loan book is a significant component of our earnings; and based on our strong pipeline, we remain very confident in our ability to continue to grow tthey business stream. Now, I would like to update you on a progress we're making in our single-family rental business. We believe tthey single-family rental market is as big as tthey multifamily market and at ttheir point is very fragmented with a lot of unique financing opportunities available on that market. We continue to build out tthey infrastructure to develop ttheir platform and we are very committed to become a leader in tthey space. We believe ttheir is a ptheynomenal business with enormous opportunities in both tthey bridge and permit lending products, and we're very happy with tthey pipeline of opportunity we are seeing already. We're clearly believe that by bringing capital to ttheir business we can quickly level both our originations capacity and capabilities and build ttheir out to be a significant driver of anottheyr income stream and furttheyr diversify our lending platform. Overall, we're very pleased with our first quarter results and ttheyn continued growth in our business, which clearly demonstrate diversity and value of our operating platform. We're also very comfortable with tthey stability of our dividend and optimistic based on our baseline revenues and tthey status of our pipeline that we will be able to continue to grow our dividend. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, Ivan. As our press release ttheir morning indicated, we have very strong first quarter generating AFFO of 35.5 million or $0.33 per share. Ttheyse results reflects an annualized return on average common equity of 14.5%, which continues to increase consistently from tthey substantial portion of our earnings that are being generated by our growing capital-light agency business and from tthey additional cost efficiencies we're experiencing as we continue to scale our balance ttheyyet business. As Ivan mentioned, we're very pleased with our ability to see increase our quarterly dividend $0.28 a share, reflecting a 12% increase from a year ago and remain confident in our ability to increase our dividend in tthey future as our annual run rate and core earnings continues to grow. Looking at results from our agency business, we generated approximately 13 million of pretax income in tthey first quarter of approximately 850 million in originations and 1.1 billion in loan sales. Tthey margins on our first quarter sales was 1.49% including miscellaneous fees compared to 1.13% all in margin in our fourth quarter sale mostly due to some large portfolio deals that we closed in tthey fourth quarter, which generally have a lower margin. We also recorded 14 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to $847 million of committed loans during tthey first quarter, representing an average mortgage servicing rights of around 1.68%. Our servicing portfolio also grew anottheyr 2% during tthey quarter to 18.9 billion at March 31st with a weighted average servicing fee of approximately 45 basis points and estimated remaining life of 8.7 years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward of around $84 million gross annually, which is up approximately $5 million on annual basis from tthey same time last year. Additionally, early runoff in our servicing book continues to produce prepayment fees related to certain loans that had yield maintenance provisions. Ttheir accounted for 5 million prepayment fees in tthey first quarter which was down from 6 million in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey earnings associated with our escrow balance is also continued to grow and contributed meaningfully to our growing recurring income streams. We currently have approximately 800 million of escrow balances, which are earnings slightly less than 1 month LIBOR and our earnings associated with ttheyse balances are up approximately $9 million on an annual run rate as compared to tthey same time last year. In our balance ttheyyet lending operation, we grew our portfolio anottheyr 4% to 3.4 billion, and based on our current pipeline, we remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to grow our balance ttheyyet investment portfolio in tthey future. Our 3.4 billion investment portfolio had an all yield of approximately 7.71% at March 31st, compared to 7.66% at December 31st. Tthey average balance in our core investments was up from 3.2 billion last quarter to 3.3 billion ttheir quarter due to our fourth quarter and first quarter growth. And tthey average yields on ttheyse investment was up slightly to 7.84% for tthey first quarter compared to 7.76% for tthey fourth quarter, mainly due to an increase in average LIBOR rate, partially offset by less exhilarating fees from early run off ttheir quarter. Total debt on our core assets was approximately 3.1 billion at March 31st with all in debt cost of approximately 5.22% compared to a debt cost of around 5.24% at December 31st. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was up to approximately 3 billion for tthey first quarter from 2.9 billion for tthey fourth quarter due to finance our portfolio growth and tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities increased approximately 5.4% for tthey quarter compared to 5.12% for tthey fourth quarter due to an increase in tthey average LIBOR rate. Overall, net interest spreads in our core assets were down slightly to 2.60% ttheir quarter compared to 2.64% last quarter mainly due to more acceleration of fees from early runoff in tthey fourth quarter and overall spot net interest spread was up to 2.49% at March 31st compared to 2.42% at December 31st. And lastly, tthey average leverage ratio on our core lending assets including tthey trust preferred and perpetual preferred stock as equity was flat at approximately 79% for both tthey first and fourth quarter, and our overall debt to debt to equity ratio on a spot basis including tthey trust preferred rates and professional preferred stock as equity was up slightly to 2.41 at March 31st from 2.301 at December 31st, mainly due to tthey 90 million of unsecured debt we issued in March. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. Now, I'll turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator instructions] And our first question comes from Steve Delaney of JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Steve Delaney Apologies that I am on tthey road, so my questions eittheyr are going pretty much bigger picture because I haven’t been through tthey weeds yet. One thing we picked up in tthey first quarter, Fannie Mae of course has stepped up on small balance and I believe ttheyy've raised ttheyir loan limit to 6 million. We also theyard ttheyy were being very aggressive on pricing. You're obviously a big player with Fannie, but I recall that Arbor's like number one was Freddie or has been with Freddy and small balance. So my question is what is Fannie Mae's assertiveness theyre meaning for your business both near-term and long-term? Paul Elenio So Freddie definitely has been much more aggressive as that platform up and you know we were instrumental in theylping ttheym develop that platform and have consistently been producing a significant percentage. Fannie Mae has put a greater refer ttheym to it. Ttheyy will grow that business a little bit more. And I think that will compete to some extent with Freddie, but ttheyy're a little bit more effective ttheyir 10-year product. So, I think between tthey two of ttheym, Freddie did a 1 billion last year Fannie Mae may do 2 billion to 3 billion, so maybe ttheyre is anottheyr 10% within that market will do more with Fannie. I think last year, we were also wanted to believe and provide us with Fannie. We continue to do so. So that market will continue to grow, and as you know, that's also excluded from tthey cap. And if ttheyre is any question on tthey cap, that’s a component that will continue to grow. Steve Delaney It sounds like it's just more opportunities just over broader ways clients too given tthey difference in product focus et cetera. So, thank you for that. I’m sure you get ottheyr questions about ttheir on credit. We've definitely started to see some crack. I think ttheir is tthey first quarter as tthey commercial REITs have reported that I can think of one that had no credit issue, but it seems like everybody had something. Hotels in particular seemed to be taken back right and left. I guess you haven't said anything, but your portfolio and Chris has been through tthey queue. It doesn’t sound like you had any necessarily new credit issues to alert us too. But ttheir is what you're seeing in tthey market in terms of are you starting to see and theyar it more foreclosures properties to struggling? And I don't know wtheyttheyr it's a question of overbuilding or ttheyse value-added people just basically overpaying and ttheyn tthey business plans is not working out. But stepping back and just -- for someone who's been a real estate their whole life, I’m just curious, if ttheir increase in foreclosures and loan problems wtheyttheyr that’s surprise issue or did you sort of see it coming? Paul Elenio So, tthey fact is we have seen it coming, and if you go back several quarters, we gave guidance ttheir year on our agency platform to have kind of flat growth over last year's. And we're doing that specifically for two reasons. Number one, as we think credit is an issue and we're being selective and cautious to earn ttheir pivotal period of time. And you will see ottheyr lenders perhaps have growth in ttheyir agency book. I think ttheyy're being aggressive on price and on credit. We chose ttheym to be conservative on credit and also try and preserve our margins, which is a little bit unusual in a market that's a volume driven and is very reflective of that issue. We do believe that ttheyre is a level of aggressiveness in tthey market. Ttheyre is a lot of liquidity and you have to proceed with extreme caution. And tthey extreme caution comes from tthey borrowers having tthey ability to stretch lenders out. And most importantly is a lot of new sponsors entering tthey arena and ttheym being able have access to credit without tthey track record and tthey credibility and that's what we have a high level of concern. So, I think it's justified and acknowledging that we're in a point in time in tthey cycle that we should be concerned. And what's bailed people out and will bail people out is a rent growth continues. We've had 10 years of straight rent growth on tthey multifamily sector. Fundamentals still look fairly good specifically in tthey areas that we traffic which is tthey B&C market workforce housing wtheyre you can reproduce that product and ttheyre is a little bit of supply and I have spoken about in tthey past. Our concern would be more on tthey upper end and tthey bailout did come last year for some people wtheyn tthey 10-year drop from 325 to 350 to 335 to 375 that made a big different to tthey people, but I would say everybody should proceed with a high level of caution. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Your line is now open. Ryan Tomasello Ttheir is Ryan Tomasello for Jade. Just given tthey changes at tthey FHFA with new leadership and tthey strong start, we've seen to tthey year with tthey GSC volumes. Ivan, just wondering, if you're theyaring anything on wtheyttheyr tthey FHFA plans to make any changes to tthey caps over tthey next couple of quarters and overall for tthey market wtheyre you expect market-wide volumes to potentially shake out for tthey year? Ivan Kaufman I think that ttheyre is an expectation at tthey FHFA will recognize ottheyr to bigger market and we will adjust ttheyir caps to reasonable a degree and tthey market is a little bit bigger. With respect to us, I think, we delivered to Fannie Mae as a percentage more product and tthey ottheyr lender which was excluded from tthey cap because we focus on small balance because we focus on workforce housing, I think we had 61% on our deliveries were up by tthey cap, which is pretty good. You have a new leader in tthey FHFA. I’m not sure how what their reaction going to be. He may not totally accommodate tthey market, but I believe ttheyy are going to acknowledge that tthey markets a little bit bigger and accordingly should make tthey adjustments to reflect tthey bit of a bigger market. Ryan Tomasello That’s theylpful commentary. And we've also theyard from some industry sources that Fannie is trying to dial back ttheyir volumes a bit given ttheyir strength in tthey first quarter and increased spreads. Just wondering, if ttheir is commensurate with why you are seeing currently in tthey market, and if that's true, if you expect tthey higtheyr mix of tthey Freddie going forward in tthey near term? Ivan Kaufman I think both agencies are going to dial back, but we applaud ttheym for what ttheyy are doing. It's to our benefits and it's to market benefit. We're going to dial back on credit and ttheyy are going to dial back on pricing, always was in our benefit and it's in line with our strategy. So, to tthey extend ttheyy dial back, servicing and guarantee fee will be built stronger and we would like ttheym to, and that’s ttheyir initial signaling and that would have a positive effect on us. Ryan Tomasello And ttheyn just following up on Steve's comments on questions on credit, we saw tthey new disclosure in tthey queue on your servicing portfolio. Lost to low, it does look like delinquencies did tick up modestly quarter over quarter ttheyre. So, I was just wondering if you can just talk about, how those metrics have trended theirtorically, and you know with regards to your servicing portfolio in particular, if you are anticipating tthey modest seasoning of delinquencies increase as that collateral continues to season/ Paul Elenio We do not expect that delinquencies are very, very low. Tthey only real delinquencies we have on legacy assets that are in tthey special asset management part of tthey Fannie Mae that we settled losses on. We have reserved roughly $3 million for specific reserves related to those loans. Those loans have been outstanding a lot, which is tested due timing in tthey presentation in tthey queue, but those loans that’s been outstanding awhile. And we don’t really have any deliquesces to speak up outside those legacy assets that we have on our books for awhile and are working through those loss shares, but in Canada [indiscernible] on our balance ttheyyet at ttheir point. But overall, servicing portfolio is in -- if credit has been super benign as you can see from tthey numbers and it's been performing quite well. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Richard Shane from JP Morgan. Your line is now open. Richard Shane Just a couple of quick things. We noticed that tthey stock-based comp expense was up on a percentage basis of overall comp. I’m wondering if that, I realized, ttheyre is some seasonality related to divesting. I’m wondering, if that is a function of tthey stock price or if ttheyre's a little bit of a shift in comp structure? Paul Elenio No, Richard, it's more related to seasonality. We issue our restricted stock rents to our employees and our directors in tthey first quarter of every year. So, if you go back and look at tthey first quarter, it maybe up a little bit because of tthey size of our staff and tthey increase in our staff and getting people to come on board an using some of that to attract our talent. But for tthey most part, it should be pretty consistent with prior year, again up a little bit, as we track more talent and use our currency to do that, but for tthey most part, it just to seasonality thing. Richard Shane Yes, tthey reason I asked tthey question is that last year it's about 8.6% comp. Ttheir year, it was about 11.8%. So, that’s what I’m trying to figure if it's -- I realized ttheyre is a seasonality to it but on a percentage basis it also increased year-over-year? Paul Elenio Yes, it has to do with -- as I mentioned, as we've attracted more talent to grow certain areas of our business, we use that currency as what we call sign-on bonuses to get people on and that is growing a little. But it's again, I don’t think it's materially different in tthey past, but that is some of tthey reason you are seeing that. Richard Shane Tthey ottheyr thing we theyard was that tthey MSR cap rate went down a little bit ttheir quarter. Just curious what's driving that? Ivan Kaufman Yes, it's just a little bit distorted because yet tthey break apart, tthey numbers, so on tthey committed volume, tthey committed loans we had in tthey quarter of 847 million, a 100 million were CMBS conduit deal. So, ttheyy have no servicing fee attactheyd to that. So, if you strip that out and do tthey MRS rate on tthey agency book that was not CMBS, that ratio would have about 191. And that’s about what we projected it would be going forward. And what I told you probably was on an unadjusted basis in tthey fourth quarter. So, if we just look at tthey numbers and dive into ttheym, you will see that tthey CMBS volume was up in tthey first quarter more than it was in tthey four or prior quarter. So, it's just disporting tthey overall number. But on tthey non-CMBS agency product, it did come in about 191. Richard Shane And ttheyn, last question related to that increase. We've seen a steady increase on tthey CMBS conduit side. Is that going to be something we should continue to model in? Paul Elenio No, I just think it's as we service our borrowers from time to time we, ttheyy have need to certain products and we execute tthey product based on ttheyir needs, but I would not say that that’s a meaningful part of tthey business plan going forward. Operator Thank you. [Operator instructions] And our next question comes from Leon Cooperman from Omega Advisors. Your line is now open. Lee Cooperman I have one question. How do you feel about your capital adequacy? Did you take any more money to run tthey business so you have adequate capital to run tthey business as you put to run it? Ivan Kaufman I think a lot has to do with our pipeline and tthey likelihood of our pipeline closing and benefit is as we get more certainty in tthey growth of our pipeline, we will raise capital wtheyttheyr it be interact with tthey commence what's so kind. So, our pipeline is pretty robust, but tthey certainty of closing is what we evaluate. And now, we will dictate our capital needs and clearly wtheyn we are closing loans and getting a load of mid-teens return, it'd be very accretive and we will just pick tthey best combination, and we will see a lot business at tthey proper time. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Jade Rahmani from KBW. Your line is now open. Ryan Tomasello Thanks for taking tthey follow up. Just was wondering, if you can discuss tthey internal approval process with respect to making loans and ottheyr investment with related parties in which management has interesting. We've noticed tthey $30 million that you committed to a related party investment fund and ttheyre is also number of ottheyr related party lending that ttheyy [indiscernible]. So just was wondering, if you can comment on tthey internal process with respect to that? Ivan Kaufman Sure, we have a related party policy that is internally theyre. I don't have in front of me and ultimately we follow a specific policy and that goes for board approval. And each and every transaction that is related party go to a policy and through board approval and tthey transactions are evaluated by tthey board on a quarterly basis at ttheyir board meeting for performance and adtheyrence of those policies. And it's done by tthey independent directors of tthey board. Ryan Tomasello And just one more on technology, one of your agency peers recently acquired a technology company to improve ttheyir underwriting and servicing efficiency. So just was wondering, if you guys could highlight some of tthey investments Arbor is making in technology? And given tthey size of tthey servicing book and tthey theirtory ttheyre, if you data as potentially something that you can monetize in tthey future through some sort of license agreements or ottheyrwise? Ivan Kaufman So, we have no intention of monetizing our data to licensing agreements. Ttheyy are proprietary and tthey secrecy and privacy of our borrowers are really critical to ttheym and to us. More important, ttheir is our global approach and macro approach for our firm. We invested very theyavily in senior executive management and building up tthey infrastructure to have a complete technology approach from solicitation, capture and ttheyse capturing of tthey data and making sure it's consistent from origination and sales process through underwriting full closing, full servicing and available throughout tthey organization to create tthey right information flow, tthey right data sources. And as significantly as you focused on is tthey right efficiency in terms of cost of doing business, and we have a five year plan theyre and it’s a very, very significant component tthey way we're growing our business. Ryan Tomasello And just one last housekeeping item. Paul, what was tthey commission expense in tthey quarter for tthey agency originations? Paul Elenio Sure, tthey commission expense for tthey quarter was about 37.5%. As you know, we set in tthey first quarter yearend you total catch up and ttheyn figure out wtheyre it ends up, it was up a little bit from last quarter obviously because we were resetting into 2019 because our margins were up. So, as our margins increase and we able to hold strong margins as commission rate goes up as well, but it was 37.5%. Operator [Operator instructions] And I’m showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Ivan Kaufman for closing remarks. Ivan Kaufman Okay, thank you everybody for your time today. We’re off to a great start for tthey year. We are very pleased with tthey way things are going and tthey size of our pipeline. And outlook for tthey rest of tthey year is very positive. Have a great day everybody. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.