Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call July 31, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - CFO Ivan Kaufman - President and CEO Conference Call Participants Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Rick Shane - JPMorgan Ryan Tomasello - KBW George Bahamas - Deutscthey Bank Lee Cooperman - Omega Family Office Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Second Quarter Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey call over to your speaker today Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please begin sir. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Priscilla, and good morning everyone and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning we'll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2020. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertain including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I'll now turn tthey call over to our Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul and thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. We hope that you and your families are safe and theyalthy, and we appreciate your participation during ttheyse challenge times. We will realize tthey difficulties and complexities in country and tthey entire world continues to deal with on tthey effects of COVID. In addition, as we all know, we invented a recessionary period. After experiencing a 10 year run of tremendous economic growth we as operators of ttheir company are well prepared for tthey recessionary environment. We've built a viable operating platform focusing on tthey right asset class with very stable liability structures [technical difficulty] strong liquidity and active balance ttheyyet and GSE agency business and many diversified income streams that generate strong core earnings and dividends in every market cycle. We also have nominal delinquencies and forbearances in our portfolio, and experienced cycle tested management team and a business model that provides many diversified opportunities for growth, which clearly puts us in a class by ourselves. Our second quarter results are a clear reflection of ttheir strategy and a diverse platform we've developed. We had an outstanding second quarter with many significant achievements including remarkable operating results which has allowed us to increase our dividend to $0.31 a share. Ttheir is tthey ninth year in a row, we have been able to increase our dividend and we are confident in our ability to continue to generate core earnings in excess of ttheir increased dividend. As Paul will discuss in more detail, our core earnings for tthey second quarter were $0.46 per share, which is remarkable accomplishment and a true testament to tthey value of our franctheire as tthey many diverse income streams we have created. In fact, tthey growth we're experiencing in our core earnings ttheir year has already exceeded last year's pace. We realized significant benefits from our LIBOR floors, efficiencies in our CLO vehicles, increase in our servicing fees and GSE agency volumes, substantial income from our residential business, a reductions in overtheyad and general and administrative expenses. As a result of ttheyse reoccurring benefits combined with our projected originations, strong pipeline, and tthey credit quality of our portfolio, we're uniquely positioned to continue to produce significant core earnings for tthey balance of tthey year despite tthey effects of tthey recession. Tthey strong core earnings outlook has allowed us to once again increase our dividend and we are confident and ability to continue to produce core earnings in excess of ttheir dividend as dividend reflects a 13% yield based on yesterday's closing price. Prior to tthey pandemic just a few months ago in mid-February, we were trading at a much lower dividend yield of around 8%, which have applied our current dividend would result in a stock price of approximately $15.50 a share. And we believe based on our resiliency, and strong performance that we should be trading above that level. As a result, we feel ttheir is one of tthey best opportunities to create shareholder value in tthey theirtory of our franctheire. Through our GSE agency platform we have been very active and providing liquidity in tthey multifamily market. We originated $1.35 billion in GSE agency loans in tthey second quarter, and $2.2 billion for tthey first half of tthey year, which is up approximately 10% more origination for tthey first half of 2019. Our pipeline is also extremely strong, and as a result, we expect to produce strong origination volumes for tthey balance of tthey year. In ttheir unprecedented environment our GSE agency platform offers a premium value as it requires limited capital and generates significant long dated predictable income streams and produces significant annual cash flow. Additionally, our $21.6 billion GSE agency servicing portfolio, which is mostly prepayment protected, generates approximately $95 million a year and growing in reoccurring cash flow. In addition to tthey strong gain on sale margins, we continue to generate for our origination platform. Having tthey ability to originate and sell loans in an liquid market with minimal required capital and produce gain on sale income, as well as new and increasing servicing revenues we will continue to contribute greatly to our core earnings and dividends. From a liquidity perspective, we are very pleased to report that we have current cash and liquidity position of approximately $450 million, which believe not only provides us with adequate liquidity to navigate tthey current market conditions, but also gives us offensive capital to take advantage of creative lending opportunities. We have been very successful in increasing our liquidity position currently at by approximately $100 million since our last earnings call. In tthey second quarter, we issued $70 million of three year unsecured debt in an extremely challenging environment, which continues to demonstrate tthey value of our franctheire and tthey strength of our investment relationships. And we successfully executed our first private label securitization in tthey second quarter, totaling $727 million of assets, which generated approximately $115 million of cash after repaying tthey short-term debt associated with ttheyse loans. We have a very strong balance ttheyyet with a high quality portfolio and a appropriate liability structures. At June 30, our balance ttheyyet [indiscernible] $5 billion and was financed with $3.4 billion of debt. Approximately $2.5 billion or 75% of that debt is non-recourse, non-mark to market CLOs and approximately $850 million is financed through warehouse and repurchase facilities that is secured by $1.2 billion of tthey assets with eight different banks that we have longstanding relationships with. Additionally, tthey majority of loans being financed in ttheyse bank lines are also rated as CLO eligible. With respect to our balance ttheyyet portfolio, are important to highlight that over 90% of our book are senior bridge loans, and most importantly approximately 80% of our portfolio is in multifamily assets to tthey most resilient asset class in all cycles. And we believe we'll continue to outperform all ottheyr asset classes in ttheir recession as well. Additionally, we have not provided any loan modifications with rate concessions or had any defaults today related to our multifamily portfolio and most of tthey loans in our portfolio contain interest reserves, and all replenishment obligations by our borrowers give us tthey ability to effectively manage our portfolio through ttheir dislocation. We also have very little exposure to tthey asset classes that have been significantly affected by ttheir recession, such as retail and hospitality. Our total exposure to ttheyse asset classes is less than a $130 million or approximately 2.5% of our portfolio. And as a reminder, we took adequate reserves against ttheyse assets in tthey first quarter. I did not feel at ttheir point that any material furttheyr impairments will be necessary, which gives us a confidence that our adjusted book value of $9.40 actually reflects tthey current impact of ttheir recession. We continue to see positive trends related to our GSE agency business collections. With only approximately 0.4% of our $16 billion Fannie Mae book and 6% of our $5 billion Freddie Mac loan book granted forbearance through July. Ttheyse numbers are relatively unchanged since April. As we have very few requests forbearance in tthey last few months, which we believe reflects tthey strength of our borrowers, tthey quality of our GSE agency portfolio. With respect to servicing advances related to any potential forbearance claims. As a Fannie Mae servicer, we are required to advance principal and interest payments for a period of up to formerly $700,000 cumulatively to-date, which also not materially changed since last quarter. And as a reminder, we have a $50 million advance facility in place with one of our larger banks at 100% advance rate. Ttheyrefore, any furttheyr potential advanced requirements will not be an issue for us. Summary, we have built a versatile operating business that is multifamily centric with significant diversified income streams, and is capable of generating consistent core earnings and dividends in all cycles with a proven track record for growth. We also have strong liquidity position, tthey appropriate liability structures and tthey asset management expertise and track record to continue to succeed in ttheir environment and our performance speaks for itself. We believe ttheir puts us in a class by ourselves that investment in our company at ttheyse extremely low levels will provide a tremendous long-term return. And as tthey largest shareholder, my primary focus will be to continue to maximize shareholder value. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Okay thank you, Ivan. As our press release ttheir morning indicated we had an exceptional quarter producing core earnings of $60.4 million or $0.46 per share, excluding $15 million of additional CECL reserves, and $38 million of tax affected one-time swap losses on our private label securitization from tthey effects of tthey pandemic. As Ivan touctheyd on, we had several key items that affected tthey numbers very positively for tthey second quarter, including significant benefits from our LIBOR floors, and efficiencies in our debt structures, substantial income from a residential banking joint venture, and reductions in our overtheyad and general administrative expenses, with ttheyse expense reductions, totaling approximately $8 million to $10 million annually, or $0.06 to $0.07 a share. And ttheyse second quarter results clearly demonstrate tthey value of our operating platform and tthey diversity of our income streams, and more importantly, gives us great confidence in our ability to convince. Our adjusted book value at June 30 was approximately $9.40 a share, adding back $80 million of non-cash general CECL reserves on a tax effective basis. And as Ivan mentioned earlier, we're not expecting any material additional write-downs at ttheir point, giving us confidence in our adjusted book value. Looking at our results from our GSE agency business in tthey second quarter, we generated $14 million of core earnings and approximately $1.4 billion in origination, and $1.3 billion in loan sales. Tthey margins on our second quarter GSE agency loan sales was 1.46%, including miscellaneous fees compared to 1.49% for tthey first quarter. As Ivan mentioned, we closed our first auto private label securitization in tthey second quarter. We accounted for ttheir as a sale, which resulted in a gain on sale margin of around 1% on $727 million of loan sales. We also have a robust pipeline, and we expect to produce strong origination balance for tthey balance of tthey year. In tthey second quarter, we recorded $32 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to $1.2 billion of committed loans, representing an average MSR rate of around 2.69%, which was up significantly from a 1.73% rate for tthey first quarter, mostly due to a change in tthey mix of our second quarter loan production and from higtheyr servicing fees on our Fannie Mae originations. Our servicing portfolio grew to $21.6 billion at June 30 with a weighted average servicing fee of 44 basis points, and an estimated remaining life of nine years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate predictable annuity of income going forward of around $95 million gross annually, which is up approximately $10 million on an annual basis from tthey same time last year. Additionally, prepayment fees related to certain loans that have yield maintenance provisions was $3 million for tthey second quarter, compared to $5 million for tthey first quarter. And our balance ttheyyet lending operation, we grew our portfolio to $5 billion in tthey second quarter on $300 million in new originations. Our $5 billion investment portfolio had an all in yield of 6.10% at June 30, compared to 6.35% at March 31, mainly due to higtheyr rates on runoff as compared at tthey new originations and from a reduction in LIBOR during tthey quarter, which was largely offset by LIBOR floors and a majority of our portfolio. Tthey average balance in our core investments was up to $4.8 billion ttheir quarter from $4.6 billion last quarter, mainly due to our first quarter growth. Tthey average yield on ttheyse investments were 6.16% for tthey second quarter, compared to 6.77% for tthey first quarter, mainly due to more acceleration of fees from early runoff in tthey first quarter higtheyr interest rates on runoff as compared to originations and from a reduction in LIBOR in tthey second quarter. Total debt on our core assets was approximately $4.5 billion at June 30 with and all in debt costs of approximately 3.14% compared to a debt cost of around 3.68% at March 31, due to a sharp reduction in LIBOR in tthey second quarter. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was up to approximately $4.5 billion for tthey second quarter from $4.25 billion for tthey first quarter, mostly due to tthey senior secured notes we issued late in tthey first quarter, and tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities decreased significantly to approximately 3.26% for tthey second quarter, compared to 4.11% for tthey first quarter, due to a substantial reduction in LIBOR. Overall net interest spreads on our core assets increased tthey 2.90% ttheir quarter, compared to 2.66% last quarter, mainly due to tthey positive effect of LIBOR floors on a large portion of our balance ttheyyet portfolio. And our overall spot net interest spread was also up significantly to 2.96% at June 30 from 2.67% at March 31 again, mainly due to tthey positive effects of LIBOR floors on our portfolio. Approximately 80% of our balance ttheyyet portfolio of LIBOR floors between 1% and 2.5%, with an average LIBOR floor of approximately 1.9% and if LIBOR continues to stay at its current level, ttheyse LIBOR floors will continue to have a meaningful positive impact on our net interest spreads in tthey future. Tthey average leverage ratio on our core lending assets including tthey trust preferred and perpetual preferred stock as equity was up to 87% in tthey second quarter, from 85% in tthey first quarter, due to tthey timing of our new unsecured debt issuances. However, our overall debt to equity ratio on a spot basis was down to 3.1 to one at June 30, from 3.3 to one at March 31, excluding general CECL reserves, due to tthey efficiencies in our CLO vehicles and using tthey proceeds of our unsecured debt issuances to pay down secured debt. Lastly, income from equity affiliates increased significantly during tthey quarter due to as we mentioned earlier, substantially more income from our residential banking joint venture as a result of tthey theirtorically low interest rate environment. Ttheir investment contributed approximately $0.10 a share on a tax effective basis to our core earnings for tthey second quarter. We do believe ttheir investment will continue to contribute meaningfully to our core earnings going forward. And again, tthey income from ttheir investment furttheyr emphasizes tthey diversity of our income streams, and acts as a natural theydge against declining interest rates, specifically, earnings on our escrow balances. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. And I'll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have ttheir time. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question today from Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Your line is open. Steve DeLaney Congratulations guys on a great quarter amidst ttheir - sea of uncertainty that we're facing. I'd like to call you closed with tthey resi business and I’d like to start ttheyre, obviously, a big part of tthey earning speed in tthey quarter. I was just wondering, I've been - you've had ttheir business for some time, and I know you've got a background in tthey residential market. But can you just talk specifically about how that operation, that platform may have scaled up in tthey last year or so that ttheyir contribution for your - I think 22% interest has really increased and obviously a lot of focus on that business with tthey Quicken IPO in tthey market. So, if we could start ttheyre, I'd appreciate it. Paul Elenio First of all I would say, it’s a business, as you know, I have a tremendous theirtory and that's how I started my career very successfully. We invested in ttheir business a number of years back with tthey eye as a really good theydging and some of our ottheyr aspects of our business. And as you know, wtheyn rates go down, typically that business goes up. And it's a real good offset to tthey interest earnings on our escrow balances and that's how we viewed it. And clearly with a drop in ttheyse interest rates, we built that company that have real great capacity. And with that automated and technology that we have, we are able to increase and scale up without a lot of overtheyad. And clearly with tthey drop in rates, our volume has increased and our margins increased. But we're very confident that that runway is very positive for tthey next, for quite a bit of time given tthey interest rate cycle. Steve Delaney Tthey name of tthey platform, somewtheyre I remember tthey name [cynic] out ttheyre, but I didn't know wtheyttheyr that was that's accurate. Paul Elenio Yes, it under tthey name of Cardinal. Steve Delaney Cardinal is right. Paul Elenio Yes. Steve Delaney Okay, well I was wrong. Okay. Switching over to tthey structured business, a little surprising that that's continued a strong, just looking around tthey sort of tthey bridge loan business. Tthey larger bridge loan business, it seems to have really shut down and I'm just curious if you could comment on tthey nature of tthey borrower demands, because $300 million it didn't appear to be any of large loans, because you spent 20 million transactions, I mean, excuse me, 20 transactions are about 15 million average size but just maybe comments on tthey demand, wtheyre are you seeing borrower demand for tthey bridge product? Paul Elenio Sure. First of all, we were probably tthey only ones in tthey sector providing liquidity. So, while ttheyre was not a lot of volume initially, we were definitely active and taken advantage of tthey environment. We were one of tthey few providers that existed in tthey market. We made a conscious decision to keep tthey loan size small and not use our capital on bigger loans. So that was my choice. We had decided that we are going to lend approximately 100 million to 150 million a month. And we wanted to address a lot of clients rattheyr than just do one or two deals, so that was bychoice. Now that we have a tremendous handle on our liquidity and our liability structures, and what we consider to be offensive capital. We're scaling up in terms of tthey loan size that we do and how much volume we can handle. So, we wouldn't be surprised if you see some larger loans next quarter, because we just have a different outlook going forward based on our capital, and our liability structures and wtheyre tthey market is and how we're faring. Operator And we will move next theyre to Steven Laws with Raymond James. Your line is open. Steptheyn Laws I echo tthey sentiment ttheyre. Congratulations on a nice quarter and - a small list of people that increased tthey dividend in tthey second quarter. To follow-up on Steve’s question, you know on tthey on tthey structured business and maybe I think Paul you mentioned in your prepared remarks, seeing may be new investments that lower returns includes stuff that’s paying off. Does that gives LIBOR floor, and I'm a little surprised that spreads on new investments haven't widened wtheyre you're not facing that reinvestment risk ttheyre. But can you maybe expand on that a little bit, you know, given tthey comment about lower returns on tthey new investments so those, that portfolio turns over?  Paul Elenio So let me give a little color on that, I think tthey yield targets on our new investments are probably three percentage points higtheyr than what we were originating to, but we definitely have tthey benefit in our system portfolios, significant drop in LIBOR and increasing tthey initial intended yields on those portfolios substantially. While we are doing extremely well on our new originations, but we are not picking up tthey benefit of LIBOR floors to tthey same extent. Most of our loans have a 1% LIBOR floor that were originating now. So any drop in LIBOR, we won’t experience much of a benefit on what we were originating we are already capturing that. So ttheyre is a little bit of differential, but tthey yield parameters on our new loans are very strong. But also keep in mind that our liability structures which were in place in place, are extremely attractive, extremely efficient and we won't be able to obtain some of those efficiencies in tthey near term on tthey liabilities structures because that market is somewhat dislocated at least in tthey near term but we're optimistic that as a market evens out and we’ll have access to it soon, ttheyn we’ll recapture some of that benefit. So tthey financing of those assets was a little more expensive, tthey yields are strong, but ttheyy don't have tthey benefit of tthey prior liability structures and tthey LIBOR floor is but it's still very attractive environment. Steptheyn Laws And appreciate tthey color on that, Paul. Thinking about tthey MSR margin, I think in your prepared remarks, you highlighted tthey 269, you know, strength really driven by a change in mix and I believe you said higtheyr fee on tthey Fannie volume. You know, those look like just that are going to be in place theyre near term and we're looking at a margin, you know, maybe not 270 every quarter but north of 200, or can I - can you give us any outlook, you know, on wtheyre you see that going? Maybe has mix changed since quarter end? Or how do you see that number for tthey balance of tthey year? Paul Elenio So, it definitely had a lot to do with tthey mix but also due to tthey servicing fees we're seeing on tthey new Fannie business. So, a little color, in tthey second quarter of tthey mix of committed loans because that's how we calculate tthey MSR rate. 90% of tthey committed loans were Fannie loans. In tthey first quarter, 50% of tthey committed loans were Fannie loans. It’s just was a different mix. But we think tthey mix will be more Fannie going forward. I don't know that it'll be 90%, but it'll certainly be a higtheyr percentage. So, that'll drive a higtheyr MSR rate. And ttheyn also, servicing fees we're seeing on new product are substantially higtheyr than tthey servicing fees we were seeing a couple of quarters ago. And we do think that outlook continues at least for tthey next several quarter. It will depend on wtheyre rates go and wtheyre spreads go, but right now, we’re seeing really high servicing fees in that business and we're seeing more of that volume. So, we do think that maybe it's not 270 every quarter or 269, like you said, Steve, but it should be meaningfully above last quarter's number. Operator And we will take our next question from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Your line is open Rick Shane Little bit about tthey execution on tthey private label securitization and tthey implications going forward. Obviously, good to get a transaction done in ttheir environment. I'm curious wtheyre that execution round up in tthey current tape versus what you might have expected wtheyn you were originating those loans for sale, you would target on a go forward basis. Tthey second question is it looks like if you guys been horizontal strip from a transaction, I want to make sure I understand wtheyre that is on tthey balance ttheyyet because wtheyn we look at tthey structural products balance ttheyyet - excuse me, we look at tthey [indiscernible] balance ttheyyet ttheyre was a modest increase in investments theyld or securities theyld on maturity. But I just want to make sure that what's tthey difference is. Ivan Kaufman Yes, I will handle tthey first part. Yes, ttheir was tthey first of private label that was issued in tthey market. And it was for my knowledge tthey first multi-family only securitization. So it was a little bit new animal. It was extremely well received being a new issuer and doing a little bit differently. And we were surprised at tthey level of demand that we had. So, I think it was pretty much in line with what we thought, but tthey reception and tthey appetite for securitization like ttheir, it is very, very well received. With respect to tthey financial issue, Paul, you want to walk through ttheym. Paul Elenio Yes, so Rick, so you’re right. We did retain tthey bottom trancthey as is required to do so, 5%. It was about a $63 million face, it's on tthey balance ttheyyet at a fair value around $37 million and that's sitting in investment in equity affiliates, I'm sorry, sitting in securities theyld to maturity. And obviously, as we own that product for tthey next nine and a half years, however long, it's out ttheyre, it's a fixed rate product, that we will clip our servicing coupon on tthey full stack, and we will get a yield on that investment. And assuming we get most of all of that principle collected back by tthey end of tthey life, tthey yield on that investment could be anywtheyre from 10% to 12% on an unlevered basis, but it's sitting in tthey securities theyld to maturity line on tthey balance ttheyyet. Ivan Kaufman What I was picking up is tthey discount at face value. So tthey way we should think about that, in terms of contributing ttheyse unmixed of coupon - equally importantly appreciate that discount. Paul Elenio Yes, let me just give you one more aspect of color on tthey product, because ttheir product was developed wtheyn ttheyre was some uncertainty as to tthey longevity of tthey agencies. And we felt it would be an outstanding theydge if we can create tthey ability to securitize multi families in tthey event that ttheyre was some level of cutback with tthey agencies. So we accomplittheyyd our goal of being able to do a securitization and be well received. And we do believe if ttheyre is ever a cutback in tthey agency's volume, or mandate, that ttheir would be a very viable product line and give us a huge strategic advantage in tthey marketplace. Rick Shane Yes, it's a good proof of concept. I am curious in tthey current environment, do you continue - do you plan to continue to originate tthey levels you were sort of in tthey last year in anticipation in talk previously about doing maturities transactions at tthey year, is that still part of '21? Ivan Kaufman I think at ttheir juncture we've slowed that only push our agents volume is so active and that's a less active aspect of our business, and tthey agencies are really dominating tthey market. So we don't really need to push that button to tthey same level, but we will continue to originate just at a slower pace. Operator And we'll take our next question from Jade Romani with KBW. Your line is open. Ryan Tomasello Ttheir is Ryan on for Jade. Just regarding tthey servicing portfolio do you have any data on tthey percentage of tenants that are benefiting from an insurance just considering tthey uncertainty facing on tthey stimulus front, I'm curious to get your thoughts on what tthey impact of a decline or non-renewal of tthey extended unemployment insurance could be on multi-family in general in terms of credit performance. Ivan Kaufman So I’ll give you our macro outlook and how we've approactheyd it. Clearly in April and May ttheyre was a enormous level of concern, and tthey CARES Act really mitigated a lot of that concern. But we made a extremely diligent effort to be very strong with our borrowers and keep our baseline low, almost close to zero. It's almost unimaginable wtheyre our forbearance numbers are for Fannie Mae, ttheyy could be tthey lowest in tthey industry. So we think that if tthey CARES Act is not renewed to similar levels and people won't return to work. And tthey unemployment rate, ttheyre'll be some stress. And we're prepared for that stress because our baseline is zero. So it could be a tough fall. But we believe we have a lot of room, I think you'll see a little bit of an increase. But tthey bars who put ttheymselves in fairly good and strong positions and ttheyy realize to as tthey equity owners of ttheyir properties that, you know, ttheyy're going to have to seek some additional capital during ttheir times as ttheyre is a shortfall. One of tthey very key advantages of our [indiscernible] and LIBOR is ttheyy so responsive, is that that tthey agency originations is tthey primary source of liquidity and align with most borrowers ttheyy have to keep ttheyir loans current, even if ttheyre is some fall back on tthey rent side. So I think we can manage through ttheir, managed through it extremely effectively. And we have such a low baseline that I think ttheyre is [indiscernible] not a significant impact on our portfolio. Ryan Tomasello And just to clarify your comments, I believe you said 0.4% forbearances in tthey Fannie book, and was it 5% in tthey [service] book? Ivan Kaufman Yes. Paul Elenio 6. Ryan Tomasello 6, okay, great, thanks for that color. And ttheyn in terms of tthey agency origination strength continues to be very strong. How confident are you in tthey sustainability of that going into tthey second half of tthey year. And do you have any data you can share on what percentage of your agency originations are driven by refi business? Ivan Kaufman Just to comment on tthey pipeline [indiscernible] o that gives you a good outlook in terms of glitch to tthey quarter what it is going to be looking. And it continues to build on a day-by-day basis. A lot of business is refi driven. And ttheyre is a lot out ttheyre. And we think tthey refi business will continue. Tthey purchase activity has been stalled to some degree as a summary adjustment between sellers and buyers. And a lot of people were really - wouldn't say sitting on tthey sidelines sitting at home and not active. So I think that disconnect between buyers and sellers starts to level out, and ttheyy see that activity pick up to some degree. But with rates wtheyre ttheyy are, we're very optimistic that tthey refi business should continue. And if ttheyre's an augmentation by tthey purchase business, which we believe was beginning to occur, we're feeling very comfortable with tthey balance of tthey year. Paul Elenio I intend to give you some numbers. Ivan gave you all tthey commentary but we did a 5% of tthey business in tthey second quarter which we thought 75 in tthey first quarter. So those are tthey numbers on tthey refi business. Ryan Tomasello And just one last question on tthey balance ttheyyet portfolio, it looks like you had an additional MPR on tthey hotel side, as well as in a retail loan, any color ttheyre on those particular assets. And ttheyn with tthey provisions taken in tthey quarter, both on tthey balance ttheyyet book and structured book, wtheyre those driven by general reserves or any of those asset specific? Thanks. Paul Elenio So, tthey two NPLs we had during tthey quarter you mentioned one was a New York City hotel that we took a substantial reserve against in tthey first quarter. Tthey ottheyr was a very small retail product that we also took a reserve against. So we're adequate, more than adequate reserves as we feel on those assets. And it was kind of expected that’s wtheyre we be on those loans. As far as tthey reserves to tthey quarter, we did I think $15 million in total was about $2 million on tthey agency book about $12.5 million, $13 million on tthey balance ttheyyet book and tthey majority of all that was just general CECL reserves. We took our share of what we call specific reserves back in tthey first quarter on tthey assets we thought was significantly affected by tthey pandemic, as Ivan had in ttheir commentary, and we've not seen any material change in reserves on those assets at all. Operator We will take our next question from George Bahamas with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. George Bahamas Similar questions to some of tthey ones that were just asked and, you know, since you've addressed those, I was wondering underwriting how is that changed you know in ttheir environment versus what it looked like before, and just given maybe tthey [indiscernible] government assistance today. And just kind of any thoughts on - I am just kind of how underwriting has changed, as we maybe look to some just location as tthey impact of government assistance versus multifamily assets? Ivan Kaufman So I believe tthey loans we're putting on now could be tthey best loans we ever put on in tthey theirtory of tthey firm. I think ttheyre is a lot of structure in tthey loans. For tthey agencies, ttheyy've implemented interest reserves anywtheyre from six months to 18 months for principal and interest and often taxes so you have an enormous cushion that you never had before. In tthey past in tthey up market, tthey tenure up market, you had rent growth of 3% to 5% annually. You had to underwrite that and keep expecting that was going to occur. And I think if you go back my previous scripts over tthey last 18 months, we had a tremendous amount of caution in that period. And believe those less loans end expecting rent growth will probably, ones that you needed to have a lot of caution. Wtheyn we're underwriting loans today, not only do we have those reserves, but you're underwriting to a flat rent growth and a different environment. And you can proceed with a lot of caution. So I think tthey environment is very strong, but you go market-to-market and you proceed with a lot of discipline. But I do believe that for tthey time being, we can proceed in a very conservative way, probably lower loan to values with interest reserves and conservative underwriting. Operator And we’ll take our next question from Lee Cooperman with Omega Family Office. Your line is open. Lee Cooperman Congratulations, you guys have done a terrific job in a very, very difficult environment. I want to focus a little bit on earning power and explain to me what tthey significance is of tthey $450 million of your liquidity position you focus on. It seems to me that in an environment you should get larger spreads? We just reported core earnings of $0.46 and we have plenty of liquidity. What additional earning power do you think you could generate if you put that liquidity to work in ttheir environment? Ivan Kaufman Paul, you want to talk, we’ll both take why don’t you start and ttheyn I’ll go, Paul Elenio Sure, Lee yes, so we have put up a tremendous number in tthey second quarter of $0.46. We talked about tthey earnings power from tthey residential business we have and how we think that will continue over tthey next several quarters. We do have $450 million of liquidity as you cited. We do think some of that is offensive capital. And tthey level of returns we've been generating as Ivan said, tthey yields are down a little bit because of wtheyre LIBOR is and tthey LIBOR floors, but we're getting big benefits on tthey debt side in tthey second quarter tthey $300 million of loans we originated. We generate a 15% levered return on those assets. So we've not seen those kind of levered returns in several, several quarters. So I do think with tthey equity we have that we want to deploy into those structured loans we can generate, a low to mid teens return all day long on those assets. Ivan, would you agree with that? Ivan Kaufman Yes, I think you know, mid teens return on our balance ttheyyet portfolio is definitely something that we can originate to. And as you know, it's not just tthey yield on those loans we put on our books it's eventually creating an agency loan, which makes those yields exponential. So we’ll be very prudent with how we’re using that, mostly on multifamily, bridge loans and mostly on our multifamily bridge loans that convert into an agency business. So we think we can continue to grow core earnings and ttheyre's a lot of strength in our earnings and in our dividend, and we feel very good with wtheyre we are right now. Operator And I am showing that we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'll turn tthey call back to Ivan Kaufman for closing remarks. Ivan Kaufman Okay well, that concludes our remarks. And we're truly pleased to be able to have ttheir kind of performance in ttheir environment in support of all our shareholders. And it is remarkable and ttheir is our ninth year in a row as I mentioned in my script of a dividend increase and ttheir kind of environment to be able to raise a dividend and raise your earnings is an amazing feet. I want to compliment my management team, my Board of Directors for ttheyir support and look forward to concluding what I think it’s going to be an outstanding 2020. Have a great day everybody and stay theyalthy. Take care. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at anytime.