Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 30, 2021 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - CFO Ivan Kaufman - President and CEO Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Rick Shane - JPMorgan Ryan Tomasello - KBW Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to tthey Second Quarter 2021 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that ttheir conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey call over to your speaker today, Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please begin, sir. Paul Elenio Thank you, Noah and good morning, everyone and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we'll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2021. With me on tthey call, today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans, and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions, and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today, or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I'll now turn tthey call over to Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul. And thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release, we had anottheyr outstanding quarter with many significant accomplishments, including exceptional operating results which, continues to demonstrate our unique ability to consistently generate high quarterly earnings and deliver outsized returns in every market cycle. I can't stress enough tthey importance of having multiple products with diverse income streams, which allows us to consistently grow our earnings and dividends, while ottheyrs in our space have experienced little or no growth at all. We have a much higtheyr quality of earnings with consistent dividend growth and a very low dividend payout ratio, which is why we strongly believe we should consistently trade at a substantial premium and much lower dividend yield than our peer group. We also remain extremely well-positioned for continued success, giving us great confidence that we will produce outstanding results for tthey balance of 2021. Our tremendous operating results combined with our, strong outlook has allowed us to once again increase our dividend to $0.35 per share. Ttheir is our fifth consecutive quarterly dividend increase and our ninth increase in tthey last 12 quarters, all while continuing to maintain tthey lowest dividend payout ratio in tthey industry. We've built a premium operating platform focusing on tthey right asset classes with very stable liability structures, an active balance ttheyyet. GSE agency business, private label program and single-family rental platform, producing a long track record of exceptional performance with consistent earnings and dividend growth, as a result, we have been tthey top-performing REIT in our space for each and every one of tthey last five years. Before we dive into tthey details of our quarterly results and tthey significant growth we continued to experience in all areas of our business. I want to highlight some of our more notable second quarter accomplishments. We had a very active and successful quarter in many areas of our business. We produced tremendous transaction volumes originating in excess of $3 billion in new loans and investments ttheir quarter, including over $1.8 billion of balance ttheyyet loan originations, which is a new record. And just as importantly, our pipeline is currently at all-time highs. As a result, we were very active in tthey capital markets, successfully raising approximately $400 million of accretive capital in tthey second quarter to fund ttheir growth. We issued $140 million of common equity, $175 million of five-year 5% unsecured debt, and $230 million of new 6.38% perpetual preferred equity which will allow us to fund our growing pipeline of loans and investments and be extremely accretive of future earnings and dividends. But ttheir capital is $0.08 to $0.10 accretive in our annual earnings run rate, allowing us to increase our dividend again ttheir quarter. Every time we raise capital is to fund our growing balance ttheyyet loan business, which is not only high accretive to our current earnings and dividends, but also allows us to build a pipeline for two to three years of new GSE agency loans, showing tthey long-term growth of our platform and creating higtheyr quality earnings and dividends in tthey future. We were also very successful in continuing to access tthey CLO securitization market in tthey second quarter closing our 15th largest CLO to date, totaling $815 million with very, very favorable terms and pricing. We have consistently been a leader in tthey CLO securitization market as financing our high-quality balance ttheyyet portfolio with tthey appropriate liability structures continues to be one of our key business strategies. Tthey utilization of ttheyse vehicles has contributed greatly to our success by allowing us to appropriately match fund our assets with non-recourse, non-mark-to-market long-term debt and generate very attractive levered returns on our capital and provide us with a rock-solid balance ttheyyet. And in tthey second quarter, we're very pleased to have closed our second private-label securitization totaling $450 million with very effective execution, which contributed greatly to our second-quarter earnings and continues to demonstrate tthey strength and diversity of our versatile lending platform. Turning now to our second-quarter performance, as Paul will discuss in more detail. Our quarterly financial results were once again truly remarkable. We produced distributable earnings of $0.45 per share, which is an incredible accomplishment and well in excess of our current dividend, representing a payout ratio of around 78%. Our ability to consistently generate exceptional results and increase our dividends is a true testament to tthey value of our franctheire and many diverse income streams we have created. We continue to realize significant benefits from many areas of our diverse operating platform, continued growth in our GSE agency platform which produces strong margins and increased servicing fees, significant contributions from our private label program, record growth and significant benefits from tthey size and scale of our balance ttheyyet business, as well as superior execution on liability structures, strong performance of our multi-family focused portfolio with very few delinquencies and substantial income from our residential businesses. And ttheyse reoccurring benefits combined with our versatile originations platform, strong pipeline, and credit quality of our portfolio puts us in tthey unique position to be able to continue to produce significant distributable earnings going forward, as we are extremely well-positioned for future growth and success. On our balance ttheyyet business, we're seeing tremendous growth as deal flows continues to really exceed our expectations. We grow our balance ttheyyet loan book anottheyr 18% in tthey second quarter and record quarterly volume of $1.8 billion and have grown at 35% already ttheir year to $7.4 billion as of June 30. Our pipeline is also at an all-time high, which will allow us to meaningfully grow our loan book for tthey balance of tthey year. Ttheir unprecedented growth has significantly increased our run rate of net interest income going forward and again very importantly, ttheyse balance ttheyyet loans also create a substantial pipeline of future GSE agency loan origination volume and long-dated servicing revenues, furttheyr increasing our future earnings and dividends. It is also very important to stress that over 90% of our book, our senior bridge loans and more importantly, 87% of our portfolio is a multifamily assets, which has been tthey most resilient asset class in all cycles and continues to significantly outperform all of asset classes in ttheir cycle as well. Additionally, as we have mentioned in tthey past, we have very little exposure to tthey asset classes that have been affected tthey most by tthey recession such as retail and hospitality, and we also have adequate reserves against our positions, wtheyrein tthey theyight of tthey pandemic, we reported $7.5 million specific reserve on one of our hotel assets and subsequently used our own capital purchase remaining note at a discount. We worked very hard on tthey transaction and are firmly pleased to report tthey successful sale of our position in tthey second quarter allowing us to reverse tthey full $7.5 million reserve, like approximately $3.5 million of unpaid interest and free up, approximately $16 million of our invested capital will redeploy into our balance ttheyyet lending business and generate strong level returns on ttheir capital. We have always prided ourselves on investing theyavily in our asset management function. Ttheir incredibly successful workout furttheyr demonstrates tthey value of our unique franctheire. We continue to experience growth in our GSE agency platform and we are seeing significant increased momentum in our private label program as well. We originated approximately $925 million in agency loans in tthey second quarter and $1.3 billion including our private label business. We are also off to a very good start in tthey third quarter and we are expecting to close approximately $300 million of agency loans and $400 million of private label business in July. Equally is important, we have a robust pipeline giving us confidence in our ability to produce significant agency in private label volumes with ttheir balance of tthey year. Our GSE agency platform continues to offer a premium value as it requires limited capital to generate significant long-dated predictable income stream due to significant annual cash flow. Additionally, our $26 billion GSE agencies servicing portfolio, which has grown 20% in tthey last year is mostly prepayment protected and generates approximately $120 million a year and growing in reoccurring cash flow, which is up 25% from $95 million annually last year. Ttheir is in addition to tthey strong gain on sale margins we continue to generate from our origination platform, which combined with new and increased servicing revenues will continue to contribute greatly to our earnings and dividends. We are also very pleased with tthey significant growth we are seeing in our single-family rental platform. Second-quarter, we closed anottheyr $110 million of single-family rental product, we currently have well over $1 billion of additional deals in our pipeline, making us very optimistic about tthey growth in ttheir segment of our business. We also believe we are a leader in tthey single-family, build-to-rent space, which provides us with tthey opportunity to originate construction, bridge, and permanent loans on tthey same transaction. Again, we are very excited about tthey growth in ttheir platform, confident ttheir business will be a significant driver of yet anottheyr source of income furttheyr diversifying our lending platform. In summary, we had an exceptional quarter and are well-positioned to have anottheyr outstanding second quarter - second half of tthey year with a very versatile operating platform that is multifamily-centric with a strong pipeline, significant servicing income, sizable balance ttheyyet portfolio, single-family rental platform and residential mortgage business providing us many diverse and growing business lines that position us exceptionally well for continued future success. We are confident that our superior multi-tiered operating platform will allow us to continue to generate high-quality earnings and dividends and preserve our long-term standing as tthey best-performing company in our space. I'll now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through our financial results. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, Ivan. As Ivan mentioned, we had anottheyr exceptional quarter producing distributable earnings of $69 million or $0.45 per share. Ttheyse results once again translated into industry high ROEs of approximately 17% for tthey quarter and have allowed us to increase our dividend to an annual run rate of $1.40 a share. And ttheir quarterly dividend increase reflects our fifth consecutive quarterly increase and our 21st increase in tthey last 10 years. Our financial results continue to benefit greatly from many aspects of our diverse business model, including significant growth in our agency, private label, and balance ttheyyet business platforms that produce substantial gain on sale margins, long-dated servicing income, and strong levered returns on our capital. Tthey income we continue to generate from our residential banking joint venture and tthey credit quality of our portfolio. As we guided to on our last call, we did see some more normalized results from our residential banking business joint venture as volumes and margins returned to more normalized levels. We recorded approximately $5 million of income from ttheir investment in tthey second quarter, which contributed approximately $0.03 a share on a tax-effective basis to our distributable earnings. And based on tthey current market conditions, we expect ttheir trend to continue for tthey balance of tthey year, resulted in estimated income from ttheir investment of between $4 million to $5 million a quarter going forward. Our adjusted book value at June 30 was approximately $11.35, adding back roughly $61 million of non-cash general CECL reserves on a tax-effective basis. Ttheir is up approximately 5% from $10.86 last quarter, largely due to our second quarter capital raises. Tthey significant earnings we generated in tthey second quarter in excess of our dividend, as well as from tthey successful recovery of $7.5 million reserve on a hotel asset during tthey quarter. And as a reminder, we have very little remaining exposure to tthey asset classes that have been affected tthey most by tthey recession, such as retail and hospitality. Our total exposure to ttheyse asset classes is approximately $100 million or about 1% of our portfolio, which we believe we have adequately reserved for giving us great confidence that our adjusted book value accurately reflects tthey impact of tthey recession. Looking at tthey results from our GSE agency business, we originated $925 million on loans and recorded $1 billion on loan sales in tthey second quarter. Tthey margin on our GSE agency loan sales was up significantly to approximately 1.83% in tthey second quarter from 1.47% in tthey first quarter, mainly due to a higtheyr percentage of FHA loan sales in tthey second quarter, which carry a much higtheyr profit margin. Additionally, as Ivan mentioned, we were very active in our private label program, originating $377 million of new loans in tthey second quarter as well as completing our second private-label securitization totaled $450 million with very effective execution resulting in an all-in margin for tthey second quarter of 2.37% on our total loan sales. And in tthey second quarter, we also recorded $26 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to $1.2 billion of committed loans representing an average MSR rate of around 2.20% compared to 2.53% last quarter, mainly due to a higtheyr mix of FHA and private label loans in tthey second quarter that contained a lower servicing fee. Our servicing portfolio did grow anottheyr 2% ttheir quarter to $26 billion at June 30 with a weighted average servicing fee of around 46 basis points and an estimated remaining life of nine years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward of around $120 million gross annually, which is up approximately $25 million or 25% on an annual basis from tthey same time last year. Additionally, prepayment fees related to certain loans that have yield maintenance provisions did increase ttheir quarter to $4.2 million compared to $2.7 million from last quarter. We also continue to see very positive trends related to our GSE agency business collections, which we believe reflects tthey strength of our borrowers and tthey quality of our portfolio. We only have a handful of delinquent loans outstanding and extremely low forbearance numbers in our portfolio through June 30. Loans in forbearance represent less than 23%of our $19.2 billion Fannie loan book and around 2.5% of our $4.7 billion Freddie Mac loan book, which is down substantially from March as we have had no new request for forbearances in tthey last several months and a significant amount of our loans have completed tthey program and are now current. In our balance ttheyyet lending operation, we grow our portfolio 18% to $7.4 billion in tthey second quarter and record quarterly volume of $1.8 billion or $7.4 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yield of 5.33% at June 30 compared to 5.65% at March 31, mainly due to higtheyr rates on runoff as compared to new originations during tthey quarter. Tthey average balance in our core investments was up $6.6 billion ttheir quarter from $5.9 billion last quarter, mainly due to tthey significant growth we experienced in both tthey first and second quarters. Tthey average yield on ttheyse investments was up to 5.85% for tthey second quarter compared to 5.72% for tthey first quarter, mainly due to receiving $3.5 million in back interest from tthey successful workout of a hotel asset and for more acceleration of fees from early run-off in tthey second quarter, which was partially offset by higtheyr interest rates on runoff as compared to originations in tthey second quarter. Total debt on our core assets was approximately $6.4 billion at June 30 with an all-in debt cost of approximately 2.79%, which was down from a debt cost of around 2.9% at March 31, mainly due to a reduction in cost of funds from our new CLO vehicle and reduced rates in our warehouse and repurchase agreements during tthey second quarter. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was up to approximately $5.9 billion for tthey second quarter from $5.2 billion for tthey first quarter, mostly due to financing tthey growth in our portfolio and issuing $175 million of new unsecured notes during tthey second quarter. And tthey average cost of funds on our debt facilities decreased to 2.89% for tthey second quarter from 2.99% for tthey first quarter. Overall, net interest spreads in our core assets increased to 2.96% ttheir quarter, compared to 2.73% last quarter, again mainly due to interest collected on tthey sale of our position in a hotel asset and more acceleration of fees from early run-off in tthey second quarter and our overall spot net interest spreads were down 2.54% at June 30 from 2.75% at March 31 due to yield compression on new originations as compared to run off. Lastly, tthey average leverage ratio on our core lending assets, including tthey trust preferred and perpetual preferred stock as equity was up slightly to 84% in tthey second quarter from 83% in tthey first quarter, and our overall debt to equity ratio on a spot basis was flat at 2.9 to 1 at both June 30 and March 31 excluding general CECL reserves. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. I'll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Britney? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Steve Delaney Good morning, Ivan and Paul. And it's getting redundant, but have to say, congrats on anottheyr excellent quarter. Tthey thing that struck me ttheir quarter looking over tthey results is, not only are you doing tthey basic blocking and tackling, but tthey level of soptheirtication, tapping tthey capital markets for various transactions just continues to improve. So, props on all that. Ivan Kaufman Thanks, Steve. Steve Delaney Speaking of tthey capital markets transaction and I think all of us have been interested in your private label program that you started last summer or that you had your first transaction. Can you comment a little bit, you mentioned better execution, but could you comment a little bit maybe specifically like wtheyre you saw AAAs go out relative to swaps? And I think tthey thing that is I'd really like to know is, how do you estimate what your pre-loss return might be on tthey approximate 8.5% bps that you're holding onto? Thanks. Ivan Kaufman Sure, I don't have it in front of me exactly, wtheyre we executed tthey AAAs so we can furnish that to you, but - we have very, very good execution. Our first private label deal came out during tthey initial aspects of COVID. It was tthey first of our brand. Ttheir is our second deal. And of course, we'll be a serial issuer based on our pipeline. And tthey more we issue tthey better our execution. So, we're really pleased with wtheyre we're trading. And we're really pleased with tthey reception and it's both our name and reputation in tthey multifamily market. Tthey fact that we're a big CLO issue, ttheyre's a lot of crossover buyers and we expect our execution to get better and better each time. And ttheyn we're even evaluating wtheyttheyr we want to do a public deal, which even improves our execution given tthey flow that we have. So, we're optimistic about our market participation relative to tthey expected losses…. Paul Elenio Or - tthey return actually, pre-loss return. Ivan Kaufman Yes, I think we calculate, holding tthey BPs is that anywtheyre between a 10% and a 12% return factor. Paul Elenio That's right. Ivan Kaufman Tthey losses and prepayments and as you know, our loss theirtory on our multifamily portfolio is nominal next to nothing. But that's all factored in, we carry it at tthey proper return and ttheyre are a lot of efficiencies by generating and holding our own BPs with tthey new Dodd-Frank rules and stuff that gives us a competitive advantage in tthey market as well. Steve Delaney Yes. And I guess one of tthey benefits theyre. I mean obviously, you still do your CLO business but ttheyse are fixed-rate loans with longer duration than you would see in your bridge portfolio, right? I mean so, you're putting a 10% and 12% return, but it's something I think you probably are looking at a much longer life to that investment I assume than wtheyn you put a CLO togettheyr? Ivan Kaufman Yes, it's an average life of probably nine years on a 10% to 12% coupon, which is very hard to get that kind of return for that kind of term. So, we're pretty pleased with that element of it and once again, tthey furttheyr long-dated income streams that we're getting not only on servicing, but on that portion of tthey BPs which we own, control, and created. Anything we create is what we consider to be a superior product and better risk-adjusted returns. Steve Delaney Right, it sounds like based on tthey July originations, I think you mentioned or Paul did, $400 million. It would seem likely that you'll be doing at least one more of ttheyse before tthey end of 2021, I assume. Ivan Kaufman We're optimistic based on our pipeline, and we kind of like tthey market, yes. Steve Delaney And just one final thing, I'll leave tthey details to ottheyrs, but obviously, a change at tthey top of tthey FHA in tthey last month or so. Any thoughts on maybe theylp what policy shifts you might expect over tthey next year or so from Justin Thompson compared to Calabria, who I think we all know, was a bit of a hawk with respect to GSE risk-taking or volumes, that type of thing. So, just curious with your - what's your initial reaction was to that change? And wtheyttheyr, how it might impact your business one way or tthey ottheyr? Ivan Kaufman Yes, I think it's good for tthey GSE business and for us. And in particular, ttheyre is going to be more and more of an effort on tthey affordable side and putting more money towards tthey affordable aspect of GSE business. And we think it's going to be a more favorable environment for firms like us and I think it will be more lucrative. Operator And we will take our next question from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Your line is now open. Steptheyn Laws And to echo Steve's comments, ttheyse are very repetitive calls, but for good reasons. So congratulations on ottheyr continued growth and anottheyr strong quarter. And thinking about tthey SFR opportunities, what is tthey pipeline ttheyre? What is tthey competition like? It seems like a number of competitors continue to talk about opportunities ttheyre. And kind of as you stand today, wtheyn you put a new dollar to work, wtheyre do you think those ROEs can go as you scale that business? Ivan Kaufman Tthey SFR business is a very attractive business segment right now, especially to build-to-rent communities. We got in early. We got aggressive early and built up a nice pipeline, spreads have compressed quite a bit. But ttheyn again, our borrowing and our liability structure has gotten more competitive. What we like about tthey business specifically, on tthey build-to-rent, tthey construction component requires more expertise, not everybody is in it. Once you do tthey construction loan, you'll end up with a bridge loan and a takeout loan. We have locked up and have great relationships with a lot of tthey key players in tthey market and I think good players in tthey market. Ttheyre is a lot of new entrants, you have to proceed with caution. Late entrants into tthey market is not always tthey best person to do business with. So, I think we're pretty pleased with tthey pipeline we have and we're pleased with tthey opportunities that we have and ttheir price we have. Ttheyre will be some compression because it is more competitive and we'll just be selective. We're just thrilled that we were early in, we're able to develop ttheyse great relationships, increase some borrower loyalty on our side of tthey coin. Steptheyn Laws Thanks, Ivan. Paul, to touch on prepayment, I think ttheyre is some - I noted in tthey queue, ttheyre is some prepay income, but I think it was a theirtorical comparison. So tthey portfolio growth, I'm not surprised, that's up. But can you talk about tthey expected repayments? And maybe early income from any early repayments as we think about tthey portfolio maturing in tthey next 6 to 12 months? Paul Elenio So, Steve, you're right. Prepayments on tthey servicing side or run-off on tthey servicing side was almost double what it was last quarter. As you remember from last quarter, I thought last quarter was surprisingly light at around $400 million, came in around $800 million ttheir quarter. And what was interesting - a little interesting ptheynomenon occurred, we did, as you mentioned, get a little bit more prepayment fees than I expected with that remodeled, and that we were getting over tthey last few quarters. And wtheyn I went and looked at certain of those transactions, it wasn't that people were refined away from us. Again, we're really laser-focused on retaining tthey business or someone is going to refi. We want to make sure we get that opportunity. But we saw a little bit in tthey second quarter and I don't know if it's a trend that will continue. It's hard to predict. Is ttheyre was a lot more sales volume at really appreciated values and people were fine writing those yield maintenance ctheycks wtheyn ttheyy were getting significant increases in tthey value of ttheyir properties. So that was a little ptheynomenon we saw. Like Ivan's view, wtheyttheyr we think that continues? It's hard to predict, but that's kind of what we saw in tthey second quarter. Operator And we will take our next question from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Rick Shane Thanks for taking my questions ttheir morning. Actually, just one quick detail. You guys have gone through everything thoroughly. Wtheyn we look at tthey capitalization rate on tthey MSR for tthey quarter, it was down a little bit sequentially. Just curious, wtheyn looking at tthey fees and duration of tthey servicing rights, I don't see any change ttheyre. So, I'm just curious what's driving that? Is that a more conservative assumption or are we missing something? Paul Elenio Rick, it's Paul. Thanks for tthey question. Good to theyar from you, again. No, as I mentioned in my commentary, it was just mix. In tthey quarter, we had more committed loans because that's how we do our MSR capitalization is on committed loans. We had more committed loans on tthey private label side and on tthey FHA side of tthey business. So, ttheyy drove higtheyr margins, but ttheyy also drove lower MSR rates only because tthey FHA deals and tthey private label deals have like a 20 basis point servicing fee, and Fannie is up in tthey 50s. So, it's just a matter of mix. If that mix changes and it likely will over time, it will be more normalized. It just happened to be a specific quarter wtheyre we had more mix in tthey lower servicing fee earning assets. Rick Shane And wtheyn we think about tthey private label, ttheyre is nothing from a duration perspective that's materially different than tthey rest of tthey portfolio. I know ttheyre's a lot of protection on tthey agency business. I want to make sure I understand tthey private label business as well in terms of prepayment protections? Ivan Kaufman It's tthey same, if not greater prepayment protections. So, we'll have some options on some of tthey agency business to offer, less penalty towards tthey end of tthey term. Ttheir is a little bit longer in duration, I would say. It's probably 10% to 15% longer in duration. Operator And we will take our final question from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Your line is now open. Ryan Tomasello Ttheir is Ryan Tomasello on for Jade. Ivan, I was wondering if you can just discuss your general outlook for GSEs - tthey GSEs in tthey second half of tthey year in terms of volumes and overall performance? Ivan Kaufman I think tthey GSE business can be stronger in tthey second half than it was in tthey first half out of tthey gate, specifically, in tthey second quarter tthey GSEs [technical difficulty] also I think ttheyy we're dealing with digital collaborative issues. It's my feeling based on lower interest rates and ttheyn wanting to meet ttheyir volume target that will be a little bit more on GSE originations in tthey first half. Basically, everybody's loading up right now, building up ttheyir pipeline and I think you'll see a little bit more activity. And I think some of tthey barriers that Calabria was bringing to tthey table, I think are being stripped away at ttheir point. That's kind of tthey existing regime, which has been in place [indiscernible] constant probably will go back to a little bit of tthey theirtorical way of operating. So, I'm very optimistic to GSE business for tthey balance of tthey year will be as strong if stronger than tthey first half of tthey year. Ryan Tomasello Thanks. And can you talk about some of tthey technology initiatives that you have been investing behind specifically, in tthey small balance lending space? And I guess just overall, how you're thinking about technology investments generally across tthey Arbor platform going forward? Ivan Kaufman I think tthey way we're approaching technology is, we have a goal of wtheyre we want to be in two or three years in terms of eliminating redundancy function as well as personnel functions, that's piece-by-piece. I think ttheyre's going to be a lot of advance in servicing side, on tthey origination side, and tthey way we use data. We have a three-year plan. We're doing it piece-by-piece, making improvements, technology improves, increase our ability to implement different processes and smooth out our workflow processes, but I believe we can maintain and grow our business, and remain very small and built our personnel, taking advantage of those different technologies, but it's not an overnight thing, it's progress made in each segment of tthey business and combining ttheym all in to a whole process. Ryan Tomasello And ttheyn final one for me regarding tthey private label business. I was wondering if you see an opportunity Ivan to partner with ottheyr non-bank lenders on private label CMBS issuance to scale volumes for that platform? Ivan Kaufman I think that's something that we will look to do in tthey future. All we wanted to do is get our brand going, use our own originations. We do work with a lot of brokers, we can turn it up. We were always cautious of having too big of a pipeline very effectively. I think once we do our third one and if we end up flipping and doing public deals, and we will consider co-originated with a few ottheyrs. At tthey end of tthey day, we will own and hold our own BPs, so we are very particular. We partner with one along [technical difficulty] originates, but we'll proceed with caution and we will land [technical difficulty]. Operator I would now like to turn tthey program over to Ivan Kaufman for any additional or closing remarks. Ivan Kaufman Well, thanks again for everybody participating with us and following us. And I guess a reoccurring ttheyme from everybody and what we've been able to do is have did some dividend increases, which is really unique thing in our space. We're tthey only company, as I mentioned in tthey prepared statements, is not only have a stable dividend - why we think we should be participating in a premium. But more importantly, we have exhibited unprecedented growth - system basis. Thanks again for your confidence and look forward to our earnings call. Thank you very much and have a great day.