Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 6, 2022 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - EVP & CFO Ivan Paul Kaufman - Chairman, President & CEO Conference Call Participants Steven Delaney - JMP Securities Crispin Love - Piper Sandler & Co. Jade Rahmani - KBW Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James & Associates Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey First Quarter 2022 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey call over to your speaker today, Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Leo. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we'll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2022. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer.  Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today with tthey occurrences of unanticipated events.  I'll now turn tthey call over to Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Paul Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release, we had anottheyr tremendous quarter, which continues to demonstrate our unique ability to consistently deliver outsized returns through our diverse operating platform. As a result, we're able to once again increase our dividend to $0.38 a share. And ttheir is our eighth consecutive quarterly dividend increase, representing 27% growth over that same time period.  We believe it's now more important than ever to continue to stress tthey many advantages of our unique business model, especially in light of tthey changing landscape of higtheyr interest rates, continued inflation and tthey potential for anottheyr recessionary cycle on tthey horizon. We built a premium operating platform that is focused on tthey right asset classes with a very stable liability structures. We have a thriving balance ttheyyet, GSE, agency private label and single-family rental business as well as an industry-leading securitization platform as it allowed us to produce a long track record of exceptional performance of consistent earnings and dividend growth.  And we can't emphasize enough tthey value of having an annuity-based business model with multiple products that produce many diverse income streams. Ttheir has allowed us to consistently grow our earnings and dividends in all cycles while maintaining tthey lowest dividend ratio payout in tthey industry, creating a substantial cushion between our core earnings and dividends.  Ttheyre are significant differentiating factors from tthey rest of our peer group, most of which have a monoline business, have struggled to maintain ttheyir dividends and have very little upside for future dividend growth, especially considering an unanticipated -- an anticipated recessionary environment. And ttheir is why we strongly believe that we're in a class by ourselves, and we should trade at a substantial premium at a much lower dividend yield than anyone else in our peer group.  Turning now to our first quarter performance. As Paul will discuss in more detail, our quarterly financial results were once again remarkable. We produced distributable earnings of $0.55 per share, which is well in excess of our current dividend, representing a payout ratio of around 70%.  In our balance ttheyyet business, we had anottheyr outstanding quarter. As one of tthey top multifamily balance ttheyyet lenders in tthey industry, we continue to see opportunities for significant growth. As a result, we grew our balance ttheyyet loan book anottheyr 17% in tthey first quarter to $14.2 billion on $2.8 billion of new originations. We also have a very robust pipeline, which gives us great confidence in our ability to continue to meaningfully grow our loan book for tthey balance of tthey year. And again, ttheyse balance ttheyyet loans create significant value for our platform as ttheyy are not only accretive to our current earnings and dividends, but also allow us to build a pipeline for 2 to 3 years of new GSE/Agency and private label loans that produce additional long-term dated income streams, ensuring tthey long-term growth of our platform and creating high-quality earnings and dividends for tthey future.  We have consistently been a leader in tthey CLO securitization market as our financing and high-quality balance ttheyyet portfolio with tthey appropriate liability structures continues to be one of tthey key business strategies. We were very successful in continuing to access tthey CLO securitization market in tthey first quarter, closing anottheyr $2 billion CLO. Tthey utilization of ttheyse vehicles has contributed greatly to our success by allowing us to appropriately match-fund our assets with nonrecourse, non-mark-to-market, long-term debt and generate attractive levered on our capital. And again, we are very focused on tthey right side of our balance ttheyyet with approximately 65% [Technical Difficulty] in our first quarter from tthey sharp increase in interest rates. However, more importantly, we are seeing a significant uptick in our pipeline as tthey market is adjusting to tthey changing rate environment, and we expect to be able to close tthey gap substantially by tthey end of tthey year and produce relatively similar agency volumes as compared to tthey prior year. In fact, April's origination volume was much stronger with $475 million of loan closings.  Our GSE/Agency platform continues to offer premium value as it requires limited capital and generates significant, long-dated, predictable income streams and produces significant annual cash flow. Additionally, our $27 billion GSE/Agency servicing portfolio, which has grown 6% in tthey last year, is mostly prepayment-protected and generates approximately $120 million a year in reoccurring cash flow. Ttheir is in addition to tthey strong gain on sale margins we continue to generate from our originations platform, which will continue to contribute greatly to our earnings and dividends.  And as we mentioned on our last call, we also closed our fourth private label securitization totaling $490 million in tthey first quarter, which continues to demonstrate tthey strength and diversity of our versatile lending platform and tremendous securitization expertise.  We've also built a growing single-family rental platform with a comm pipeline well in excess of $1 billion, which makes us optimistic about our ability to continue to scale ttheir business going forward. We're a leader in tthey build-to-rent space, which provides us with tthey opportunity to originate construction bridge and permanent loans in tthey same transaction. And again, like our balance ttheyyet business, ttheir platform provides us yet anottheyr path to future transactions that will produce additional long-dated income streams.  In summary, we had anottheyr tremendous quarter, allowing us to once again increase our dividend. We strategically built our platform with multiple products that produce many diverse income streams, which provides us with tthey future annuity of high-quality, long-dated reoccurring earnings. We're also tthey premier multifamily originator in ttheir space, and we are invested in tthey right asset classes with very stable liability structures, which positions us extremely well to succeed in every market cycle and gives us great confidence in our ability to continue to significantly outperform our peers.  I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Ivan. As Ivan mentioned, we had anottheyr exceptional quarter, producing distributable earnings of $93 million or $0.55 per share. Ttheyse results translated into industry higtheyr ROEs of approximately 18%, allowing us to once again increase our dividend for tthey eighth consecutive quarter to an annual run rate of $1.52 a share.  Our financial results continue to benefit greatly from many aspects of our diverse annuity-based business model that allows us to produce multiple income streams from a single investment, giving us confidence in our ability to continue to generate high-quality, long-dated recurring earnings in tthey future.  In our GSE/Agency Business, we originated $761 million in GSE loans and recorded $1.1 billion in GSE loan sales in tthey first quarter. We generated margins on those GSE loan sales of 1.39% in tthey first quarter compared to 1.52% in tthey fourth quarter. As we mentioned on our last call, with tthey change in tthey interest rate environment, we do expect margins to be more normalized in 2022 in tthey range we previously guided to of 1.30% to 1.50%, depending on tthey mix of our product. We also recorded $15 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to $975 million of committed loans in tthey first quarter, representing an average MSR rate of around 1.57% compared to 1.88% last quarter, mainly due to having a greater mix of Fannie Mae loans in tthey fourth quarter versus tthey first quarter, and those loans contain higtheyr servicing fees.  Our servicing portfolio was approximately $27 billion on March 31, with a weighted average servicing fee of 44 basis points and has an estimated remaining life of 9 years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward of around $120 million gross annually, which is relatively unchanged from last quarter due to tthey continued increased runoff in our portfolio. As a result of ttheir runoff, prepayment fees related to certain loans that have prepayment protection provisions continue to be elevated with $16 million in prepayment fees received in tthey first quarter compared to $20 million in tthey fourth quarter.  In our balance ttheyyet lending operation, we grew our portfolio anottheyr 17% to $14.2 billion in tthey first quarter on volume of $2.8 billion. Our $14.2 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yield of 4.74% at March 31 compared to 4.62% at December 31, mainly due to increases in LIBOR and SOFR rates, largely offset by higtheyr rates on runoff as compared to new originations during tthey quarter.  Tthey average balance in our core investments increased substantially to $13 billion ttheir quarter from $10.5 billion last quarter, mainly due to significant growth we experienced in both tthey first and fourth quarters. Tthey average yield on ttheyse investments was 4.86% for tthey first quarter compared to 5.03% for tthey fourth quarter, mainly due to higtheyr interest rates on runoff as compared to originations in tthey first and fourth quarters, partially offset by tthey effect of higtheyr SOFR and LIBOR rates in tthey first quarter, net of tthey impact of LIBOR floors on our portfolio.  Total debt on our core assets was approximately $12.9 billion at March 31, with an all-in debt cost of approximately 2.81%, which was up from debt cost of around 2.61% at December 31, mainly due to increased LIBOR and SOFR rates. Tthey average balance in our debt facility was up to approximately $12 billion for tthey first quarter from $9.4 billion in tthey fourth quarter, mostly due to financing tthey growth in our portfolio. And tthey average cost of funds on our debt facility was flat at 2.65% for both tthey first and fourth quarters from slightly higtheyr average interest rates, offset by reduced pricing from our CLO vehicles and warehouse facilities.  Our overall net interest spreads in our core assets decreased to 2.21% ttheir quarter compared to 2.38% last quarter, and our overall spot net interest spreads were also down to 1.93% at March 31 from 2.01% at December 31 due to yield compression on new originations as compared to runoff and from debt cost increasing more than asset yields as a result of rising interest rates and LIBOR floors that are still in effect on certain loans in our portfolio.  However, it's important to note, as tthey current LIBOR and SOFR curves are predicted to continue to increase, any furttheyr increases in ttheyse rates will produce a net positive increase to our net interest income spreads on our balance ttheyyet book due to rates being above tthey average LIBOR floors in our portfolio. In fact, all things remaining equal, a 1% increase in rates would produce approximately $0.05 a share annually in additional earnings. Additionally, as rates rise, we will begin to earn more income from tthey significant amount of escrow balances we have from our Agency Business and large balance ttheyyet loan book, which will also increase our earnings going forward and is unique to our business model.  That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning, and I'll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Leo? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Steve Delaney, JMP Securities. Steven Delaney It strikes me -- a lot of lot of positive things in your report, but it strikes me as if I had to pick one highlight in tthey quarter, it would be tthey Structured Business volume, $2.8 billion, took tthey portfolio up 16%. That wouldn't happen -- that business wouldn't happen without your access to CLOs. I think you would agree. And could you talk a little bit about tthey latest CLO, I guess that CLO 18, tthey $2 billion? And maybe talk a little bit about that execution compared to, say, tthey CLO 17 that you did late last year? Ivan Paul Kaufman Sure. So clearly, tthey last CLO we did of $2 billion was very sizable, and it was important for us given tthey volume. I think if you look in tthey, I think, Commercial Observer or one of tthey rags, we actually -- ttheyre was a CLO that was just price. We really can't speak about it, but it's in ttheyre. We're an active issuer of CLOs. Tthey pricing of CLOs have changed with tthey market. And tthey good news about tthey way we run our business, we're always on track as to wtheyre tthey market is and adjusting tthey pricing of our originations to match tthey CLO execution.  So our CLOs continue to change. Our pricing to our customers continue to change. We always like to have somewtheyre between 50% to 75% of CLO debt to total outstandings. We're currently sitting around 65%, which is a very comfortable rate relative to wtheyre we want to be specifically in ttheir cycle. So we're well prepared with our CLOs and with our liability structure is pretty much intact, I'm very comfortable with our position. Steven Delaney Okay. Tthey average -- tthey spread ttheyre was LIBOR plus 1.81%, and that was flat to tthey CLO 17. Do you expect that, that is wtheyre tthey market is today and will kind of remain in that near 180 basis point range on a weighted average... Ivan Paul Kaufman No, not at all. Tthey markets widened up considerably. In fact, we've raised our pricing to our consumers, I think, 5x since December. So we've increased our pricing 5x to match wtheyre tthey market is. And basically, each price is 1/8 increase, and we've also adjusted our credit guidelines considerably over tthey last 9 months as well. So if you take those 5 increases, we've increased our price in 5/8 to almost 3/4 across tthey board. We've done it gradually to match how tthey markets have moved.  So that's how our business runs. Usually, ttheyre's a lag of a couple of weeks, but not that much of a lag. So we're consistently taking new loan originations, pricing ttheym accordingly too with tthey CLO market. So we're pretty aggressive about it. Some of tthey people in tthey market lag a lot more than we do. We're pretty much spot on, given our level of volume and wtheyre we are in tthey market and more specifically, a real clear knowledge of wtheyre tthey CLO market is executing to. Paul Elenio Steve, it's Paul. I just wanted to correct you. So yes, we had a 181 pricing on our last CLO. As you mentioned, tthey one before, it was 168. So things have widened a little bit, as Ivan said and continue to. But as Ivan mentioned, we're totally in tune to what our levered return is. And because we're so active in tthey CLO market, we're able to adjust our pricing according to get to that targeted levered return, which is something that I think is unique to our platform as we're so in tune to what that market is, and we're a market leader. Steven Delaney Great. And your SFR product and your BFR product, do I understand that you are putting those loans into tthey same CLO program that you do with your traditional bridge loans? Ivan Paul Kaufman On tthey exit but not on tthey aggregation aspects. Wtheyn it comes to tthey construction, what we'll do is that's done on a separate line. Some of tthey loans on tthey bridge side, once ttheyy're stabilized, ttheyy'll be going to our CLOs once ttheyy fit multifamily characteristics. Steven Delaney Got it. But during tthey interim, because of tthey complexity of construction draws and everything, that's your take -- your CLOs, your takeout once you're past your development construction period. Ivan Paul Kaufman Once ttheyy were to stabilize -- once ttheyy were stable -- once tthey units are up and running and get leased up, yes. Operator [Operator Instructions]. We'll move next to Steptheyn Laws of Raymond James. Steptheyn Laws Ivan and Paul, you guys have both touctheyd on ttheir a number of quarters in a row and would love to get updated thoughts. And I think, Paul, you touctheyd a little bit on your prepared remarks, but kind of early repayments been running pretty high tthey last few quarters. Kind of curious what you're seeing ttheyre, maybe in April. Or is tthey volatility and maybe changing macro outlook made some people more reluctant to pay those penalties to refi early? Paul Elenio Sure. So let me give you some numbers, Steve, and ttheyn I'll turn it to Ivan to tthey market color. You did mention, I should address some of that in my prepared remarks. It still continues to surprise me that -- tthey level of prepayments we're seeing. Ttheyre's still a lot of sale activity in tthey market. Prices are still elevated. We'll see wtheyre that goes with tthey changing environment. But we did have anottheyr $1.250 billion of agency runoff in tthey quarter that generated $16 million of prepayment fees.  As I've said last quarter, we do think that slows down as interest rates rise. Obviously, naturally, yield maintenance burns off wtheyn interest rates rise, although we did say we thought it would be elevated in tthey first and maybe tthey second quarter. And we were right, it was elevated in tthey first quarter. In tthey second quarter in April, we had $350 million of agency runoff in April, and we generated just over 4 million in prepayment fees from that.  So we do think it slows over time. Wtheyn that happens exactly, it's hard to determine. But obviously, with rising interest rates, those numbers will be more challenging to have higtheyr prepayment fees. But Ivan could give their view on wtheyre they thinks runoff goes, given tthey state of tthey market and how people view those prepayment fees challenges. Ivan Paul Kaufman Yes. I think we'll have anottheyr robust quarter next quarter because ttheyre's still a lot of assets in tthey market for sale. However, tthey prepayment fees could come down a little bit as tthey yield maintenance is a little less because rates are a little bit higtheyr. Multifamily values seem -- still seem to be maintaining ttheymselves. So tthey substantial gains that a lot of people have in ttheyir multifamily assets and a lot of people are monetizing those gains even if ttheyy have to pay prepayments because ttheyir gains way outweigh tthey prepayment factor relative to ttheyir total gain perspective. So I do think ttheyy'll slow a little bit in tthey third and fourth quarter as tthey market kind of takes to readjust a little bit, but we certainly kind of expect a reasonable quarter next quarter. Operator We'll take our next question from Crispin Love of Piper Sandler. Crispin Love My first one is on tthey originations trajectory in tthey Structured Business. I think last quarter, you were talking about $1 billion per month or a little bit less than that. So just curious if you could provide an update on what you're seeing currently and ttheyn also how that could impact originations in tthey second quarter and throughout tthey year. Ivan Paul Kaufman Sure. Well, clearly, we're tthey market leader on providing bridge debt in tthey multifamily sector. And even as we continue to raise our pricing, I think we had 2 price increases over tthey last 14 days. We're still seeing originations at that similar level of about $1 billion a quarter, which is wtheyre we're kind of managing to. So for tthey moment, we're in pretty reasonable shape with our pipeline. I think that through June, August, July, we're at that level, and we haven't seen a slowdown as of ttheir point.  I think with tthey volatility of tthey 10-year fixed rate markets, I think people are still very interested in theyading towards floating rate deals until ttheyy see tthey market settle out. In addition, I think you still have at least anottheyr 6 months of [Technical Difficulty] multifamily properties and still bringing lagging rents to market and ttheyre's like a 10% gap between rents a year ago and today. So I think until you see that full turn of rents, tthey bridge product will be an attractive financing alternative, especially in ttheir market volatility. Paul Elenio And Crispin, it's Paul. Welcome, by tthey way, and thank you for your participation. To Ivan's point, I'll just give you a couple of numbers for April because we have ttheym. Obviously, we're in May. So we did close $800 million of bridge product in tthey month of April. We did have $500 million of runoff in April. But as Ivan said, our clip in our pace is probably between that $800 million and $1 billion a month going forward.  Now of tthey $500 million runoff we did see in our balance ttheyyet book, we were able to recapture 35% of that in our agency product, which is great, and that's our model. As you know, that's what we strive for. And so of tthey $475 million of agency product we did in April, about 35% of that $500 million that ran off in tthey balance ttheyyet book went right into tthey agency product. So that's our model. That's great execution for us. That's what we strive for, but those are some of tthey numbers around April. Crispin Love Great. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just one on gain on sale revenue. It seemed like it was significantly lower in tthey quarter sequentially. Can you speak to what drove that? Or if ttheyre are any noncore items ttheyre that's driving that or if ttheyre's just something that I'm missing ttheyre? Paul Elenio Sure. So let me take you through that. So first of all, you got to look at it as 2 line items, Crispin, on tthey P&L that you've got to combine a little bit, and we do it in distributable earnings to theylp you guys on a rec. So tthey gain on sale, fee-based services and gain on sale item did look really low, but ttheyn you got to look at tthey gain on -- tthey gain from derivatives line. And we had our APL securitization of $489 million in tthey first quarter. And obviously, with wtheyre interest rates went, tthey assets were worth less tthey fixed rate assets. But tthey swaps were worth more, so tthey swaps were usually in tthey money, and tthey assets were less in tthey money.  So you've got to take about $17.1 million of that $17.3 million on that line item and add it up to tthey gain on sale number. That puts you at about $19 million on a gain on sale, which is about a margin of 101.18, and that's because tthey APL product gapped out a little bit, and we had a little less margin on that than we have in tthey past. But on tthey Agency Business, if you strip out tthey APL and that $1.1 billion of agency, we did about a 101.39 margin, and that was compared to a 101.52 margin in tthey past.  What I've said in my commentary is given tthey change in interest rates, we do expect margins to be a little tighter. But some of it also has to do with mix. We had less FHA loan sales in tthey first quarter than we did in tthey fourth quarter, and that's just timing of wtheyn stuff originates and wtheyn we sell it. And obviously, tthey FHA business, as we've commented in tthey past, is like a 104 business. So that certainly can skew tthey margins.  And ttheyn we also have tthey single-family rental business. We also have a permanent loan product, wtheyre we originate fixed rate loans and ttheyn we sell ttheym into tthey market with no risk. And we had -- we really didn't have any of those sales in tthey first quarter. Again, it's timing, and we had a few of those sales in tthey fourth quarter, and those were like a 102, 103 margin.  So a lot of it is mix on tthey general straight down tthey middle, Fannie, Freddie. Tthey margins haven't really changed. It just has to deal with tthey mix, and that's why we guide to a 101.30 to 101.50 margin going forward. Operator [Operator Instructions]. We'll move next to Jade Rahmani of KBW. Jade Rahmani Volumes continue to remain extremely strong in tthey market. And at ttheir point, do you think that's a function of investors rushing in to capture current interest rates before ttheyre's future increases or something else that's driving that? Ivan Paul Kaufman I think tthey multifamily sector seems to be one of tthey most resilient sectors, and I think ttheyre's just a lot of investor demand in ttheir sector. We're seeing that also in tthey build-to-rent sector as well. Those are just 2 sectors that continue to drive a lot of equity, and tthey sales from what I theyar in tthey first quarter and to date are still extremely strong. I do believe ttheyre'll be a little bit of a reset as rates change and people take a step back and reevaluate, but we're pretty optimistic in terms of overall multifamily sales opportunities going forward for tthey balance of tthey year. Maybe ttheyy'll cool off slightly. But even if ttheyy do cool off, ttheyy'll readjust, and maybe you'll have a gap for about 60 days as a market reset to how ttheyy're going to view interest rates and tthey potential for a recession. Jade Rahmani And in that gap, do you expect ttheyre's going to be multifamily cap rate widening? Could you put some parameters perhaps around tthey magnitude that you're thinking about? Ivan Paul Kaufman Yes. Contrary to everybody else, we've been very much anticipating inflation and a potential recession, and we've underwritten cap rate expansion to about 50 basis points from wtheyre it is today, theyavily criticized for, but that's our position. We believe that as rates widened and rent growth slows, you'll see a bit of a widening on tthey cap rate side. Even if you have strong investor demand, you still need to have tthey kind of returns to ttheyir equity, and that's our perspective. Jade Rahmani On tthey $500 million of runoff you saw in April, 35% of those went into agency. So those refinanced from a bridge product into a fixed rate product with longer-term duration. What does tthey ottheyr 65% do in your insight? Paul Elenio Yes. Most of it -- so you're right, 35%, and most of that 35% was a large deal that we had on tthey bridge side that we were able to take out in tthey agency side, which is great. Tthey rest of that, for tthey most part, were sales that walked away. And so we didn't recapture tthey rest of that because it was mostly as a result of tthey sales of properties, which we don't always control tthey take out of tthey sale. Jade Rahmani Just a strategic question. Tthey platform, tthey company overall has grown tremendously over tthey last multiple years. Ttheyre's a cohort of mortgage REITs that you could argue are subscale in tthey market trading at discounts to net asset value or book value. Would acquisitions, M&A ever be something of interest? Or do you believe Arbor's just got ttheir unique multifamily-focused platform that works well between tthey structured and tthey GSE business that not really interested in branching out? Paul Elenio Ivan, are you ttheyre? Ivan Paul Kaufman Can you repeat tthey question? I fell off tthey call. I'm sorry, we're back on. Jade Rahmani Yes. It's an M&A question, mergers and acquisitions, Arbor has grown tremendously over tthey last 5 years and has a strong nicthey within tthey multifamily small balance as well as bridge lending market. Would tthey company be interested in M&A in tthey mortgage REIT space to expand its overall footprint into ottheyr products? Or is that not really a focus? Ivan Paul Kaufman I think we've always had a theirtory of M&A. We haven't done that much over tthey last couple of years only because we think tthey pricing in tthey market has really been a little bit inappropriate for -- to be accretive to tthey company. I think now as we go into a different cycle, ttheyre may be some opportunities to expand our product lines and different ways we do business. So I think given tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet and our performance and our earnings and our position in tthey marketplace, ttheyre could be some opportunities if ttheyre's a bit of a downturn. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I'm happy to return tthey call to Ivan Kaufman for closing remarks. Ivan Paul Kaufman All right. Well, thank you, everybody, for your participation. It's been clearly anottheyr great quarter. We've had a great run. And for a long period of time, it is a changing environment, which we believe we're extraordinarily well positioned for, and we look forward to everybody's participation next quarter. Have a great weekend, everybody. Paul Elenio Thank you. Operator Ttheir does conclude tthey First Quarter 2022 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines. And everyone, have a great day.