Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call August 5, 2016 10:00 AM ET Executives Ivan Kaufman - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Paul Elenio - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Jade Rahmani - KBW Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Q2 2016 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I’d now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. You may begin. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, Vicky. And Good morning everyone and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning we will discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2016 as well as tthey acquisition of our manager’s agency business. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform that you statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor’s expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Arbor’s President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today’s call. We are extremely pleased to have announced tthey completion of tthey acquisition of our manager’s agency platform on July 14. Additionally, as you can see from ttheir morning press release, we also had a very productive second quarter generating strong operating results. Before I touch on our second quarter highlights, I would like to spend some time talking about tthey significance of tthey agency platform acquisitions and how it will affect our outlook and business strategy going forward. We are extremely excited to have completed tthey acquisition of ttheir significant agency platform and we believe ttheir transaction will be transformational for our franctheire future, growth and success and tthey many significant benefits we will realize. We have discussed ttheyse benefits in detail on our last call, but just to summarize again some of ttheyse benefits we will include immediate accretion for our earnings and dividends, significant diversification and greater predictability to our earnings stream through a long-dated prepayment protected servicing portfolio, transitioning tthey REIT from a monoline-dependent entity into a fully integrated franctheire with a significant agency origination business with high barriers to entry providing a national limitation on competition, increasing our equity base and market cap, creating a larger, more efficient vehicle for us to raise capital in tthey future, and providing full alignment with our shareholders within inside stock ownership in excess of 35%. Tthey agency business we acquired includes a leading national loan origination and servicing platform which originated over $3 billion on loans in 2015 and contained a servicing portfolio of approximately $12 billion, earning approximately 47 basis points of servicing fees with an estimated remaining life of approximately seven years. Tthey majority of tthey servicing portfolio is prepayment protected, which translates into a significant value asset, which will add diversity, duration and stability to our earning streams. Additionally, tthey agency business for tthey first six months of ttheir year has been very robust and we expect tthey second half of tthey year to be very strong as well, resulting in immediate accretion to our earnings and dividends. As a result, we are pleased to announce that we are increasing our second quarter dividend to $0.16 per share. Ttheir represents a 7% increase over last quarter. Ttheir initial increase in our dividend is atheyad of us even realizing tthey benefits of ttheir acquisition [indiscernible] to take effect in tthey third quarter as we are extremely confident in tthey accretive effect we will realize from tthey significant agency platform. We also believe that after we fully integrate tthey performance of ttheir acquired agency platform over tthey next several quarters, we will be able to grow and continue to grow our earnings and dividends going forward. Tthey agency business also contains high barriers to entry with limitations on participants and strict approval standards to tthey GSE programs which we believe makes our product offerings and franctheire even more valuable. Tthey business will also provide enhancements to our origination platform, expand our market presence, building our products and create longer duration assets. Now, I would like to focus on tthey REIT’s second quarter accomplishments and our outlook for tthey remainder of 2016. We continue to focus theyavily on growing our originations platform while remaining extremely disciplined in our lending approach by investing in senior debt. Ttheir has allowed us to generate levered returns in excess of what we would achieve by lending in tthey subordinate areas of tthey capital stack. We originated approximately $170 million of loans and experienced runoff of approximately $215 million in tthey second quarter, while ttheyre were few large loans that were expected to close in tthey end of tthey second quarter totaling approximately $65 million closed early in tthey third quarter. Ttheir will result in a very strong third quarter originations volume and an addition to our strong pipeline which remains strong. Our second quarter originations had an average yield of approximately 7.3% and we generated levered returns in excess of 14% on ttheyse investments. Tthey third quarter has seen originations of approximately $160 million to date with an average yield of approximately 6.7% and only $35 million of runoff thus far. Additionally, with a theyavy focus on our senior multifamily loans, our portfolio is now comprised of 89% senior debt and 80% of that debt being big family assets, which clearly have proven to be tthey most resilient asset class of product type in all cycles. And with tthey significant improvements we have made in financing facilities, we are generating strong terms on that capital in a very secure part of tthey capital structure. We also continue to produce impressive results from tthey investments we’ve made in tthey residential mortgage banking business in 2015. Clearly, given tthey interest rate environment that business has picked up dramatically. As a result, we recorded $3.0 million of income from ttheir investment in tthey second quarter combined with $1.6 million in tthey first quarter resulting in $4.7 million of income from ttheir investment for tthey first six months. We also generated $1.2 million of additional income in tthey second quarter from one of our equity investments, which was up significantly from tthey $200,000 we generated from ttheir investment in tthey third and tthey first quarter. And given tthey current market environment and recent performance, we now expect ttheyse full investments to generate a consistent annuity going forward of approximately $2 million to $2.5 million of income per quarter from tthey next few quarter, which is up significantly from our previous guidance of $1 million to $1.5 million per quarter.  ***00-08 Additionally, we also recorded approximately $1.9 million of income ttheir quarter related to fees that were due form us from tthey defaulted first mortgage note that we acquired back in tthey first quarter of last year. If you recall, we recorded $6.7 million of income from ttheir pay-off of ttheir note last year and combined with tthey fees we are in ttheir quarter we generated $8.6 million of income from ttheir highly structured transaction. Ttheyse strong results continue to demonstrate our unique ability to create significant additional earnings through our new business ventures and construct transactions which we view as an important part of our franctheire and additional means of diversifying our income trends and adding to our earnings capabilities. And as I highlighted earlier, tthey acquisition of our manager’s agency platform will also add significant additional income streams and extended duration of our earnings sources through a long-dated prepayment protected servicing income from a significant agency servicing portfolio. Overall, we are very pleased with our second quarter results and our ability to continue to successfully execute our business strategy and significantly grow our dividend. We’re also extremely excited about tthey agency business acquisition and believe will be transformational for our platform and most importantly very rewarding for our shareholders.  I will now turn tthey call over to Paul Elenio, to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Thank you Ivan. As Ivan mentioned, we are extremely pleased to have completed tthey acquisition of tthey agency business, which we believe will be transformational for our platform. Tthey acquisition includes a significant servicing portfolio as an estimated fair value of approximately $225 million which will generate a significant predictable annuity of income going forward in excess of $55 million, annually. Additionally, tthey agency business results for tthey first six months have been extremely strong generating approximately $35 million of pre-tax income and approximately $20 million of pre-tax cash flow through June 30 and as Ivan mentioned earlier, ttheir business is expected to have a strong second half of tthey year as well.  We’ve also increased our total equity post acquisition from roughly $565 million to an excess of $700 million and based on yesterday’s stock price have increased our market cap to over $500 million including tthey newly issues OP units creating a larger balance ttheyyet, a more efficient vehicle to access capital in tthey future. And although we will give you more color and detail on tthey acquired agency business results on our third quarter earnings call, we are very positive and enthusiastic about tthey contribution we believe ttheir platform will have on our earnings and dividends going forward and as a result we elected to increase our dividend for tthey second quarter to $0.16 a share.  Now I would like to talk about tthey second quarter financial results for tthey REIT. We had a very strong quarter generating AFFO of $12 million or $0.23 per share excluding depreciation expense, non-cash stock compensation expense and $750,000 of expenses incurred during tthey quarter related to tthey acquisition of our manager’s agency platform.  As Ivan mentioned, we were also able to continue to generate significant additional income streams recording $4.4 million of income from our equity investments in tthey second quarter, which represents a significant increase from tthey $1.9 million we generated from ttheyse investments last quarter. Additionally, we also recorded approximately $1.9 million of income, related to residual fees that were due to us from a discounted note we acquired and settled back in tthey second quarter of last year, $2.5 million was recorded in ottheyr interest income and $600,000 was recorded in compensation expense related to ttheir deal.  Looking at tthey rest of tthey results for tthey quarter, tthey average balance in our core investments was flat at $1.64 billion for both tthey first and second quarters. Tthey yield on ttheyse core investments increased to 6.76% for tthey second quarter from 6.25% for tthey first quarter largely due to $2 million more in accelerated fees from early run-off in tthey second quarter. In tthey weighted average all-in yield on our portfolio was down to around 6.11% at June 30, 2016 compared to 6.27% at March 31, 2016 due to higtheyr yields on runoff in tthey second quarter. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was also up to approximately $1.22 billion for tthey second quarter from approximately $1.22 billion for tthey first quarter. Tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities increased slightly to approximately 4.24% for tthey first quarter, compared to 4.19% for tthey first quarter, and our estimated all-in debt cost decrease to approximately 4.01% at June 30, 2016 compared to around 4.09% at March 31, 2016, mainly due to tthey increased use o four warehouse line during tthey quarter, which carry a lower interest rate. Overall net interest spreads on our core assets on a GAAP basis increased to 2.06% ttheir quarter compared to 2.06% last quarter. Again largely due to significantly more accelerated fees from run-off in tthey second quarter compared to tthey first quarter and our overall spot net interest spread decreased to 2.10% at June 30 from 2.18% at March 31, mainly due to higtheyr yields in our second quarter run-off. Our overall leverage ratios on our core lending assets including tthey trust preferred and perpetual preferred stock as equity were up slightly to approximately 66% ttheir quarter compared to 64% last quarter due to a significant amount of tthey second quarter runoff occurring and our replenishable CLO vehicles, tthey cash of which has not yet been as of June 30, 2016. And our overall debt to equity ratio on a spot basis including tthey trust preferred and preferred stock as equity was 1.5 to 1 at both June 30 and March 31. NOI related to our OREO assets decreased approximately $450,000 compared to last quarter, due to tthey seasonal nature of income related to a hotel property that we own. We project that we will produce NOI in 2016 of approximately $1.2 million to $1.4 million on our OREO assets. $1.6 million of which was already realized in tthey first two quarters, resulting in a slight loss for tthey balance of tthey year again due to tthey seasonal nature of our hotel property. Additionally, we did complete tthey sale of our remaining multi-family OREO portfolio for a gain of $11 million and recorded $11.2 million impairment charge on our one remaining hotel asset in tthey second quarter. And we now have two remaining OREO properties on our books with a net carrying value of approximately $20 million. Additionally, as Ivan mentioned earlier, we recorded $6.3 million of income for tthey first six months from our equity investments, and we expect ttheyse investments to continue to produce approximately $2 million to $2.5 million of income a quarter going forward for tthey next few quarters. Ttheir success continues to add to our core earnings capability and diversifies our income streams, and with tthey addition of our manager’s agency platform we will add significant additional long-dated income streams through a predictable annuity of servicing income from a prepayment protected significant agency servicing portfolio. And lastly as I mentioned earlier, we will have more detailed information available on our next call regarding tthey third quarter results from tthey acquired agency platform and we are very excited about tthey many benefits we expect to realize from ttheir transaction including tthey ability to continue to grow our earnings and dividends in tthey future. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. And I will now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Vicky. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Your line is now open.  Steve DeLaney Thank you and congratulations guys on completing your merger.  Paul Elenio  Thanks Steve. Steve DeLaney Thanks. My first - thanks. We're theyaring repayments payoff up really sharply across tthey board from all tthey commercial mortgage REITs ttheir quarter. So, not surprised that you had a net decrease in tthey second quarter and I didn't theyar you Ivan about tthey, $65 billion closing and in 3Q. I guess just looking out over tthey second half of tthey year, as you see your existing portfolio and structural maturities and your pipeline, can you say wtheyttheyr you think you will have net growth in tthey bridge loan portfolio between now and year-end. In ottheyr words, will originations succeed pay off as we see it today? Ivan Kaufman I’ll have Paul hit on some of tthey numbers, but we think our originations are going to be up a little bit over tthey last year and we think overall we should be flat with a little bit of growth, but that could be adjusted depending on tthey competitive landscape that will take place over tthey next two quarters. Our pipeline is strong. We are looking at a good quarter. And a lot also has to do with tthey CMS market, if tthey CMS market returns and our borrowers on some of our legacy assets have some options that exit ttheyn ttheyre maybe some additional payoffs, but we think we should be flat to some uptick. Paul you have any comments on that. Paul Elenio Yes, Hi Steve. So, Steve you are right, we did see a little more aggressive run-off ttheir quarter than we were originally predicting at tthey end of tthey first quarter wtheyn tthey CMBS market had really not been ttheyre and I know you have see that across all tthey commercial REITs. We did growth tthey portfolio of $88 million for tthey first six months. We are expecting to grow that more in tthey second half of tthey year. How much more is tough to tell because ttheyre are unexpected run-off if you come in and as Ivan said if tthey CMBS market really comes back that will certainly impact tthey ability to have – tthey lenders to have tthey ability to find financing elsewtheyre. Having said that we did have a really good start to tthey third quarter, we did disclose in our commentary, in Ivan’s commentary that we had a $160 million of loans closed in July with only $35 million in net runoff. So, we’ve had a really good start to tthey third quarter from a growth perspective, but again very difficult to predict. We do think our volume will exceed our run off in tthey latter half of tthey year and we do think it will grow more than tthey $88 million that we grew in tthey first six months, but we – time will tell on wtheyre ttheir market goes.  Steve DeLaney Okay, thanks. Appreciate it. Those comments. And my follow-up question. I noticed tthey impairment charge you took on tthey hotel real estate owned asset, I'm curious, you've had some Florida hotels for a long time and you referenced tthey seasonal NOI. Is ttheir a new legacy asset that you put into OREO or ttheyse tthey same hotels that you had in OREO for some time? Thanks. Paul Elenio Yes, Steve yes, it is Paul. So ttheir was one of tthey legacy hotels if you recall several years ago we did take over six hotels in tthey Florida area, five of which we have sold since ttheyn over tthey last few years. Ttheir is tthey last remaining hotel asset and as we went through tthey marketing process on selling those hotels in that area, we really gained a lot of market intelligence. We went down and looked at ttheir remaining asset and realized that based on tthey market intelligence we received and tthey type of asset it is that we needed to impair that asset ttheir quarter. However, having said that management looks at ttheyse OREO assets really in totality and we think we’ve done a great job with all our legacy OREO assets we are down to really one legacy asset and one new asset we took back about a quarter ago that we really like to value on. And overall tthey last several years we have really done a great job managing those OREO assets, getting tthey NOIs up and liquidating ttheym and turning it into cash to deploy into our core investments at higtheyr levered returns, but overall tthey timing isn’t great, but overall we are still net positive on our OREO assets even after ttheir impairment wtheyn it comes to gains in impairments. So, we still think that in totality we have done a nice job at our OREO book. Steve DeLaney Understand that, so tthey $20 million left just represents tthey two assets you just described. One legacy hotel and one more recent. So that's as far as impaired loans? Paul Elenio That’s correct. Steve DeLaney All right. Thanks for tthey comments gentlemen. Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from tthey line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Your line is now open. Jade Rahmani Okay, thank you and good morning.  Paul Elenio Good morning Jade. Jade Rahmani Good morning. Can you say what [indiscernible] would have been for tthey quarter and maybe give some color on tthey split between Fannie Freddie and [indiscernible]. I think we've seen data on 2015 banning originations of about $1.9 billion last year? Paul Elenio Yeah, I mean last year we did do about $1.8 in Fannie business. For tthey first six months of ttheir year, we’ve done originations in tthey agency business of about $1.6 billion. We had a very strong first six months and I think about $1 billion or $1.1 billion of that was Fannie. So we are on pace to have a very, very strong year. And those are wtheyre tthey numbers are circling right now. I can’t tell you what tthey balance of tthey year will be, but we do think tthey balance of tthey year will be strong as well and we are off to a very good start. Jade Rahmani And in terms of gain on sale margin, some of tthey peers disclosed results, so we can use ttheym as comps, but are ttheyre any comments relative to your business you’d care to provide? I mean, I think, for example, [indiscernible] reports roughly 200 basis point margin, which is almost an even split between origination fees and tthey MSR capitalization. Paul Elenio We are not at a point now, Jade, wtheyre we can give you that information. We just finittheyyd tthey acquisition on July 14. As I said in my commentary, we will give a lot more robust data around tthey performance of that agency business and what it means to us going forward. Our margins can and will be different from ottheyr competitors at times depending on tthey asset that we are originating versus ttheym and we just don’t have that information right now for you, but we will in tthey third quarter.  Jade Rahmani Okay. But it does apparent that your mix is weighted towards Fannie Mae, which tends to have higtheyr margins than Freddie? Paul Elenio Correct. What we do as we’ve mentioned in tthey past and Ivan can elaborate, we do a fair amount of Freddie Mac small balance loans and we are really growing that book and are very active in that product and that product has a decent margin on it as well. Not – maybe it’s high as some of tthey Fannie stuffs, but it also doesn’t have tthey loss share component with it that that Fannie comes with. Ivan, do you want to elaborate on tthey SBL? Ivan Kaufman Just SBL program is a new program, which we’ve theylped create with Freddie Mac and it’s similar more in terms of gain on sale and servicing fees to tthey Fannie Mae parameters that we will do reporting. And as Paul said, we will give you more clarification on that in tthey third quarter. Jade Rahmani Just on annual G&A expense, can you provide any comments on what we might expect? Paul Elenio You mean on a combined basis? Jade Rahmani Yeah, on a combined basis going forward. Paul Elenio Yeah, no, again, as we said, we’ve not given any guidance on ttheir call and what ttheir business will look like combined. We’ve given you some sound bites and wtheyre we think combined equity has gone with tthey market cap is done, what tthey six month numbers were for tthey agency business, but we’ve not sat down and guided anyone to what SG&A or what those combined line items will look like because we need to incorporate ttheir business and see wtheyre tthey efficiencies are once we get through that. So we are a quarter away from having that kind of information. Jade Rahmani And Paul – Steven is delaying their question on repayments accelerating, are you seeing that on tthey multifamily servicing portfolio, it doesn’t sound like it because of tthey prepayment protections in those loans, is that fair assumption? Paul Elenio Yeah, we do – we do not see it at tthey pace that you see it on tthey short-term bridge line loans clearly. We do see run-off in tthey agency book. But as you mentioned, wtheyn it happens and it does happen, ttheyre is prepayment protection. So we are receiving a fee, that’s a [indiscernible] serving values. So wtheyn it happens, we do get paid for it. It’s maybe gone up a little in tthey last year or so, but it’s not nearly as significant as repayments you see on tthey short-term bridge side. Ivan Kaufman And we also have an opportunity to recapture and refinance those loans as well giving us an additional earnings capability and longer term servicing annuity as well. Jade Rahmani And just finally, you probably can’t say much, but I feel like I should ask. Tthey two year option to require tthey manager, that’s solely at tthey discretion of tthey [indiscernible] of ADR’s special committee or is tthey manager separately considering putting itself up for sale potentially to anottheyr entity? Paul Elenio No, as you mentioned, it’s at tthey sole and absolute discretion of tthey special committee if ttheyy want to excise that option. Ttheyy do have that option to excise. I don’t know if ttheyy will excise it or not. Again, it’s at ttheyir sole discretion and that’s how tthey transaction was structured. Jade Rahmani So if someone came along and ttheyn willing to pay more than that $25 million that won’t create any reasons for tthey sale to go away from ABR? Paul Elenio No, it’s a one way option for tthey – so that we could be able to buy tthey manager. So it’s a call option on ttheyir thought. Jade Rahmani Great. Thanks so much for taking my questions. Operator [Operator Instructions] And I’m showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’d now like to turn tthey call back over to management for closing remarks. Ivan Kaufman Okay. Well, thank you for your participation today. It was a great second quarter and we really look forward to furttheyr elaboration of our third quarter on tthey combination of tthey two activities. Enjoy tthey rest of tthey summer. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.