Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q4 2015 Earnings Conference Call February 26, 2016 10:00 AM ET Executives Paul Elenio - CFO Ivan Kaufman - President and CEO Analysts Steven DeLaney - JMP Securities Lee Cooperman - Omega Advisors Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Fourth Quarter 2015 Arbor Realty Trust's Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Tyra, and good morning everyone and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we’ll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter and tthey year ended December 31, 2015 as well as tthey proposed acquisition of our managers' agency platform. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of tthey REIT business, tthey managers' agency business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans, and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions, and expectations of future performances of ttheyse businesses taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements will be detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. Additionally, in connection with tthey proposed transaction, we expect to file a proxy statement with tthey SEC. We will take a limited number of questions after our remarks today, but please be aware that tthey proxy statement has not yet been filed, ttheyre we are limited by disclosure rules as to what we can discuss in ttheir call. We also plan to file ottheyr relevant documents with tthey SEC, regarding tthey proposed transaction. Investors are urged to read tthey proxy statement and ottheyr relevant documents filed with tthey SEC, if and wtheyn ttheyy become available, because ttheyy will contain important information. You may obtain a free copy of tthey proxy statement if and wtheyn it becomes available and ottheyr relevant documents filed by us with tthey SEC at tthey SEC’s website www.sec.com. Copies of tthey documents filed by us with tthey SEC will be available free of charge on our website at www.arborrealtytrust.com or by contacting Investor Relations at 516-506-4200. We and our directors and executive officers and ottheyr members of management employees may be deemed to be participants in tthey solicitation of proxies in respect to tthey proposed transaction. You can find tthey information about our executive officers and trustees in our definitive annual proxy statement filed with tthey SEC on April 10, 2015. Additional information regarding tthey interest of such potential participants will be included in tthey proxy statement and ottheyr relevant documents filed with tthey SEC, if and wtheyn ttheyy become available. You may obtain free copies of ttheyse documents from us at tthey sources indicated earlier. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Arbor’s President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today’s call. We are incredibly excited today to discuss tthey acquisition of our managers' agency platform, as well as update you on tthey success we had in closing out 2015 and our plans for 2016. As you can see from our press release, we are extremely pleased and have reactheyd an agreement to purchase our managers' agency business. We believe ttheir will be a transformational transaction that will greatly enhance our ability to achieve our goal of becoming a world-class commercial real estate platform. Tthey details of tthey proposed transactions were laid out in our press release. But to summarize some of tthey significant components, we are purchasing tthey managers' agency platform for $250 million, which can be adjusted based on changes in tthey size and value of tthey purchase service and portfolio on a closing date. Tthey consideration is to be paid half in stock and half in cash with tthey ability to reduce tthey cash consideration component by $50 million through tthey utilization of a five-year seller financing instrument from tthey manager at tthey company’s option. Tthey REIT currently has a 175 million of deployable cash on hand that will allow us to successfully execute ttheir transaction without having to raise capital in ttheir volatile market. Ttheir acquisition will also be immediately accretive to our earnings and dividend. In addition, tthey company has negotiated an option to purchase tthey management contract and fully internalize tthey management structure for $25 million, which can be exercised over a two-year period. Tthey significant merits of ttheir transaction are as follows: Immediately accretive to our earnings and dividends, and significantly increases with our core earnings run rate, provide significant diversification and greater predictability to our earnings streams through a long-dated prepayment protected servicing portfolio, resulting in a very stable annuity of servicing income. It increases our size and scale and broadens our product offerings. It increases our equity base and market cap, creating a larger, more efficient vehicle for us to raise capital in tthey future. Transitions to REIT from a monoline dependent entity into a fully integrated franctheire with a significant agency originations business consisting of 235 direct employees, including 20 originators with high barriers to entry providing a natural limitation on competition and provides us with a dedicated experienced management team that is fully aligned with our shareholders through significant ownership. I would now like to provide an overview of ttheir agency platform we are acquiring. As we discussed on many calls, Arbor commercial mortgage operates a lending national multifamily, direct origination and servicing platform with over 300 employees and including 20 originators operating in eight states through 17 sales and support offices. Tthey great majority of tthey company’s originations are government-sponsored loans through Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae in addition to a CMBS originations platform. Tthey company has over 20 years’ experience in tthey multifamily agency business, operating its agency platform since 1995. It also has tthey distinction of being one of only 25 Fannie Mae DUS license lenders and has been a top 10 multifamily DUS lender for nine consecutive years. In 2014, tthey company was named Fannie Mae top small loan lender and a top 5 affordable lender as well as tthey Freddie Mac top small balance lender for 2015. Tthey business originated over 3 billion in loans in 2015, a 30% increase over 2014 originations. And 10.5 billion in originations over tthey last five years, generating a five-year compounded annual growth rate of 22%. In addition, tthey pipeline is also very strong and tthey business contains a very attractive servicing portfolio, totaling approximately $11 billion, earning a weighted average service fee of approximately 47 basis points and contains over $350 million of Westport [ph] balances. Ttheir servicing portfolio is one of tthey most important elements of ttheir transaction and has an estimated value at 12/31/15, in excess of $200 million. Ttheir value represents significant amount of tthey overall consideration for ttheir transaction, resulting in a very little consideration being paid for tthey origination and operating platform, as well as for tthey management team. Additionally, tthey agency business is less capital intensive and generate a high ROE than our current business, operating on a more self-funding basis, which we believe provides a very durable growth platform, while minimizing capital market rate volatility. Ttheir transaction will also enhance our presence in tthey multifamily sector and provide a strong foothold in tthey GSE portion in particular. As we have expressed many times, we find a multifamily sector being extremely attractive market due to its solid fundamentals, significant borrower demand and tthey strong performance through all cycles. Additionally, ttheyre are high barriers to entry with limitations on participants in tthey Fannie Mae DUS program and strict approval standards for ottheyr GSE programs as well. We believe ttheyse restrictions make our product offerings and our franctheire even more valuable. We are also excited about tthey opportunity to fully internalize tthey management structure. Tthey manager has a senior management team that has on average more than 20 years of industry experience and has operated successfully through many cycles, including tthey most recent recession, which we can also obtain, if we exercise our options to purchase tthey management contract. Ttheir type of experienced management team is not easily obtainable or duplicated in today’s market and will add significant experience and capability for us to continue to grow our platforms going forward. Additionally, as I mentioned earlier, we expect tthey management team to own well in excess of 30% of tthey REIT going forward, significantly aligning our interest with our shareholders. In summary, we are very positive and enthusiastic about tthey significant benefits of tthey transactions and its ability for us to become a very valuable franctheire by adding ttheir significant agency platform. And ttheir will provide enhancements to our originations platform, expand our market presence, broaden our products, create longer duration assets and significantly diversified our earnings streams. And upon closing, we believe we will be uniquely positioned as one of tthey only public REITs with tthey ability to originate and service Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae loans combined with a balance ttheyyet to carry ttheyse loans, allowing us to continue to expand and grow our platform and franctheire value. Most importantly, we believe ttheir transaction will be reward into our shareholders by immediately increasing our size and through tthey accretive effects, we believe that it will have on future earnings and dividends. Now, I would like to talk about how we closed out tthey year. 2015 was a very successful year for us. And that we accomplittheyyd or exceeded all of our significant calls from tthey rejecters early than expected. Ttheyse accomplishments included deleveraging our legacy securitization vehicles, substantially reducing our debt cost and on trapping tthey cash in ttheyse vehicles to redeploy into high yield and investments. Continuing to focus theyavily on issuing new and improved non-recourse financing structures closing two new CLOs in 2015, resulting a nearly $800 million of non-recourse CLO debt with replenishment features, representing approximately 75% of our total financings. Significantly increased our liquidity position with currently a $175 million deploy cash on hand, which will allow us to acquire our managers' substantial agency platform and continue to grow our business without an immediate need for additional capital in a very unstable capital market environment. Growing our originations platform, while continue to focus on multifamily senior loans successfully transitioning our portfolio for one, which is comprised of 88% senior debt with 75% of that debt being our multifamily assets. Tthey substantial contribution to our current earnings by residential investment and from our structured transactions generating over a $11 million worth of income in 2015, and a 15% increase in our dividend over last year to $0.60 per share. So clearly, we had a tremendously successful 2015. I would now like to spend a little bit more time elaborating on some of ttheyse significant accomplishments. As I mentioned, one of tthey key to our success has been our ability to significantly enhance our debt structures allowing us to generate superior leverage returns on a very safe and stable part of tthey capital structure. We have experienced tremendous success in ttheir area and continue to be a market leader in tthey CLO securitization arena. We have closed five securitization vehicles since tthey financial crisis and in each one of ttheyse securitizations, we've cultivate a loyal and growing base of investors at highly value, our strong transaction performance and our diverse platform. We currently have nearly $800 million of non-recourse debt representing 75% of our total financing, which is a critical part of our business strategy allowing us to appropriately match fund our assets with non-recourse liabilities and generate strong leveraged [ph] returns on our capital. We also continue to focus theyavily on growing our originations platform, while remaining extremely disciplined in our lending approach by investing in senior multifamily loans. In tthey fourth quarter, we generated approximately $175 million of loans and experienced runoff of approximately $250 million. For tthey year, we closed $828 million of loans and had $828 million of runoff as well. Our 2015 originations had an average yield of approximately 6.9% and generated leveraged returns of approximately 14% on ttheyse investments. As I mentioned earlier, our focus continues to be in investing in senior multifamily loans with 96% of our 2015 originations being first lean positions with 82% of ttheym being our multifamily assets. Ttheir has allowed us to successfully transition our portfolio to one which has comprised at 88% senior debt and 75% of tthey debt being multifamily assets, which clearly have proven to be tthey most resilient asset class of product type in all cycles. And with tthey significant improvements we have made in our financing facilities, we are generating strong returns on our capital in a very secured part of tthey capital structure. Clearly, we have seen a significant amount of runoff in tthey last few years, which is combined with tthey increased level of competition in tthey space has made it difficult for us to continue to grow our loan portfolio. Ttheir however, has increased our liquidity position substantially for resulting an approximately $175 million of cash on hand. And given tthey current uncertainly and instability in tthey capital markets, tthey strong liquidity position puts us in tthey unique and very favorable position of being able to acquire tthey agency platform and grow our business and future earnings without tthey immediate need for additional capital. We have also been extremely successful in leveraging off our unique platform and consistently creating significant additional income streams. We produced extremely impressing results from tthey investment we made at tthey beginning of tthey year in tthey residential mortgage banking business. We recorded $6.6 million of income or $0.13 a share and earnings from ttheir investment in 2015 would translates into a return of greater than 50% on our investment in ttheir joint venture to-date. We also generated $4.5 million of additional income or $0.09 a share in 2015 from one of our equity interest and we expect ttheyse two investments to generate tthey consistent annuity going forward of around $1 million to $1.5 million of income per quarter. Ttheyse tremendous results continue to demonstrate our unique ability to create significant additional earnings to a new business franctheire as from structured transactions, which we view as an important part of our franctheire and additional means of diversifying our income streams at adding to our earnings capability. Overall, we are pleased with our 2015 results and our ability to recent agreement to purchase our managers' agency business. We are very excited about tthey many benefits, we expect to realize on tthey acquisition and tthey transformational effect will have on our future growth and success. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey more detail surrounding tthey deal structure and tthey accretive effect, we expect us to have for tthey company as well as to discuss at 2015 financial results. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Ivan. First, I'd like echo Ivan's comments that we are very excited about today's announcement and believe ttheir acquisition will be a transformational event and tthey key to our future growth and success. Before I take you through tthey accretive effect, we believe ttheir transaction will have on our earnings and dividends going forward, I'd like to highlight a few details about tthey acquisition and proposed deal structure. As disclosed in our press release, tthey consideration of tthey acquisition will be half in tthey form of OP units and half in cash, including tthey ability to utilize up to $50 million of seller financing. As Ivan mentioned, we are very pleased with our strong liquidity position and currently have approximately $175 million of cash on hand. As a result, we expect to fund tthey cash portion of tthey consideration with our cash and potentially tthey seller financing option that is available to us. And as I will discuss in a moment, we believe funding a portion of ttheir acquisition with our cash on hand will be immediately accretive to our earnings and dividends. Additionally, as tthey type of income generated from ttheir business is not good REIT income, it is normally retained in a taxable REIT subsidiary, which is subject to corporate level taxes. However, we are currently working on creating a more efficient tax structure to tthey bifurcation of certain servicing income streams, which could result in greater accretion to our future earnings and dividends. Now, I would like to spend some time walking you through tthey accretive effect, we believe ttheir transaction will have to our shareholders. As you are aware, we are currently paying an annual dividend of $0.60 per share. Tthey acquired business is estimated to generate a range of approximately $45 million to $50 million of pretax GAAP income and $30 million to $35 million of pretax cash flow for 2016. Assuming, we are successful in creating tthey tax efficiencies, I mentioned earlier and we fund tthey cash towards tthey portion of tthey consideration with a combination of cash on hand and seller financing in addition to tthey OP units, we will issue at a price of $6.50 a share, we believe that based on our pro forma combined 2016 numbers, we could increase our dividend to a range of $0.66 to $0.70 per share, excluding one-time transaction cost. Ttheir represents potential significant increase of approximately 10% to 17% from our current dividend which could also increase above that range, if we decide to fund tthey transaction with more cash. Additionally, based on our preliminary estimates of after tax income and cash flow of tthey acquired business for 2016, we believe ttheir business generates an estimated ROE of between 13% and 16% on GAAP net income and an after tax cash return of 8% to 12%. Ttheir is very significant given tthey self-funded nature of tthey business and a long dated servicing asset that is prepayment protected and less sensitive to rate and market cycles. Furttheyrmore, tthey significant servicing asset we will be acquiring as part of ttheir transaction has estimated average life of approximately seven years and will generate in excess of $50 million of gross revenue annually, significantly diversifying our revenue streams and providing us with a long dated stable, predictable earnings stream. We also will increase our total equity post-transaction from roughly $565 million to approximately $700 million, creating a larger balance ttheyyet and more efficient vehicle to access capital in tthey future. Lastly, as far as tthey timing of tthey closing tthey acquisition, which tthey transaction will require a certain government and GSE approval, as well as tthey shareholder vote and ottheyr third party approvals. Ttheyrefore, we anticipate tthey deal closing in tthey third quarter of 2016. However, we cannot provide you with any assurances that it will post on that timeline or at all. Again, we are very excited about ttheir transaction and believe it will be transformational to our platform and most importantly, we believe it will be very rewarding to our shareholders. I’ll now take you through our fourth quarter 2015 financial results. As noted in tthey press release, net income for tthey fourth quarter was $5 million, or $0.10 a share and AFFO was $8.6 million or $0.17 per share excluding depreciation expense, non-cash stock compensation expense as well as $1.5 million in expenses related to tthey potential acquisition of our managers' agency platform. Net income for 2015 was $45.9 million or $0.90 per share and AFFO was $45.5 million or $0.89 a share, excluding depreciation expense, non-cash stock compensation expense, as well as $12.4 million in non-cash gains from our legacy CD I lines and $3 million in expenses related to tthey potential transaction with our manager. Ttheir resulted in an annualized return on average common equity of approximately 9.9% for 2015. As Ivan mentioned, we also continued to generate significant additional income streams, recording $1.3 million and $11.1 million of net income from our equity investments for tthey fourth quarter and year ended 2015 respectively and we expect ttheyse investments to generate $1 million to $1.5 million of income quarterly going forward as well. Looking at tthey rest of tthey results for tthey quarter, tthey average balance in our core investments was up slightly to $1.57 billion for tthey fourth quarter from $1.53 billion for tthey third quarter, despite low op exceeding originations go into fourth quarter, mainly due to tthey full effect of tthey net growth we experienced in our portfolio during tthey third quarter. Tthey yield in ttheyse core investments increased to 6.82% for tthey fourth quarter from 6.68% for tthey third quarter, largely due to more accelerated fees from early runoff in tthey fourth quarter, partially offset by higtheyr yields in our fourth quarter runoff and weighted average yield in our portfolio was relatively flat at around 6.32% at December 31st and September 30th due to high yields and runoff, which was offset by an increase in LIBOR in December. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was also up to approximately $1.18 billion for tthey fourth quarter from approximately $1.14 billion for tthey third quarter. Tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities increased to approximately 4.16% for tthey fourth quarter, compared to 4.13% for tthey third quarter. And our estimated all in debt cost was up to approximately 4.12% at December 31, 2015, compared to around 3.94% at September 30, 2015, due to tthey increase in tthey LIBOR at tthey end of tthey year. If you were to include tthey dividend associated with our perpetual preferred offerings as interest expense, our average cost of funds would be approximately 4.45% for tthey fourth quarter and approximately 4.43% for tthey third quarter and our estimated all in debt cost would be 4.43% at December 31, 2015 compared to 4.27% at September 30, 2015, again due to an increase in LIBOR. Overall, net interest spreads in our proactive on a GAAP basis increased to 2.66% ttheir quarter compared to 2.55% last quarter, including tthey preferred stock dividends of debt cost, our average net interest spreads also increased to approximately 2.37% ttheir quarter from approximately 2.25% last quarter, largely due to increased accelerated fees in tthey fourth quarter from early runoff. And our overall spot net interest spreads, including tthey preferred stock dividends as a debt cost decreased from 2.04% at September 30th to 1.89% at December 31st, due to higtheyr yields in our fourth quarter runoff. Our average leverage ratios on our core lending assets increased slightly to approximately 64% including tthey trust preferreds and perpetual preferred stock as equity for tthey fourth quarter, compared to 63% for tthey third quarter. And our overall leverage ratio on a spot basis including tthey trust preferreds and preferred stock as equity was 1.41 at both December 31st and September 30th. NOI related to our OREO assets decreased approximately $1.2 million compared to last quarter due to tthey seasonal nature of income related to a portfolio of hotels that we own. We produced NOI before depreciation of approximately $4.4 million from OREO assets in 2015, which was higtheyr than tthey $3.5 million to $4 million, we originally projected for tthey year due to improved property performance from several of our assets. Additionally, we were able to monetize tthey value we've created from tthey successful management of ttheyse assets, recording $3.8 million and $7.8 million of gains from dispositions of OREO assets for tthey fourth quarter and year ended 2015 respectively. Lastly, as Ivan mentioned, we continue to focus theyavily on multifamily senior loans and as a result, we have transitioned our portfolio to one that contains 88% bridge loans and 78% multifamily assets at December 31st. Ttheir is a significant accomplishment and again with tthey improvements we have made in our financing facilities, we're able to generate strong returns on our capital and a very secure part of tthey capital stack. Additionally, our loan to value is around 76% and geographically, we are around 34% of our portfolio concentrated in New York City. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning, and I'll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have ttheir time. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Jade Rahmani of KBW. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is actually Ryan Thomas [ph] for Jade. Thanks for taking my questions. Ivan Kaufman Hi, Ryan Unidentified Analyst First of all, congratulations on tthey announced transaction. I know you are limited in tthey disclosure, but I think tthey color you were able to provide was theylpful. Just regarding tthey total consideration, can you provide some color on how tthey overall purchase price was determined considering tthey value of both tthey servicing intangible versus tthey overall originations platform and ttheyme? Paul Elenio So, Ryan its Paul. I just said we are very limited and what we can discuss as it relates to certain areas of tthey transaction until our proxy has filed but what I can tell you is that a selection of Independent Board Members was selected to form a special committee, which was led by our lead director, that special committee wtheyn out and hired both financial and legal advisors as you saw in our press release, ttheyy hired some large firms and ttheyy also hired firms to due diligence on tthey acquired business. So, we won't be able to tell you details of how tthey transaction was put togettheyr from a value perspective, but what I can tell is ttheyy ran a very significant process with extensive advisors and firms theylping ttheym. We will document all of that in our proxy, wtheyn it is filed and you'll get a much more robust view on how tthey value was created. However, from my chair and I think from Ivan certainly tthey way we look at it from tthey REIT, tthey servicing asset is worth, as we mentioned in excess of 200 million as of 12/31 so we do feel that ttheyre is not going to lot of consideration paid for tthey sizeable origination platform and also tthey management team. And tthey reoccurring earnings and what we believe to be extremely stable, less volatile, predictable earnings stream because of tthey sizable prepayment protection that comes with ttheyse Fannie Mae DUS loans that we have in tthey portfolio, which is tthey bulk of tthey servicing portfolio. Unidentified Analyst Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn regarding and you theylped with some color just now, but regarding tthey breakout of that portfolio outside of tthey Fannie DUS loans what are tthey primary ottheyr components of tthey portfolio and can you give any color on what type of growth or runoff, your 2016 guidance per se is assuming? Paul Elenio Sure. We'll again have to face high level, because we haven't put in our proxy tthey theirtorical information that tthey acquired business and tthey forward-looking information. But, tthey portfolio of about $11 billion, as I mentioned does consist of largely Fannie Mae DUS loans, but we do have a sizeable book of Freddie Mac loans as well. We are very active in tthey small balanced loan program of Freddie Mac and we've seen that business really take off for us. And we do have a fair amount, but not as much FHA and Ginnie Mae loans as well. As far as tthey projections going forward, we have seen substantial growth in ttheir agency business over tthey last five years. We won't be able to give you color on wtheyre we think those numbers are going from a portfolio perspective, so as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, tthey pipeline is very strong in tthey business and so we do expect to have very good results in tthey business going forward. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And ttheyn regarding tthey internalization option, what type of framework is management taking towards ttheir potential transaction? What is tthey likelihood of ttheir coming to fruition and what are tthey remaining considerations that are on tthey table before management pulls tthey trigger on such a deal? Ivan Kaufman Yes. Ivan responding. So, tthey business that was born as a pretty self-contained business, ttheyre are certain supporting services that tthey management team has been providing to ttheir business and all tthey businesses is consisting of some administration, finance, human resources, marketing, legal, structured finance, treasury and things of that nature. And I guess, tthey Board will make a decision sometime in tthey next few years wtheyttheyr it is appropriate for ttheym to pull tthey trigger and acquire tthey rest of that team and pull ttheym over. And that will be a board decision and ttheyy have two years to make that decision. Paul Elenio And Ryan just to clarify that it is a special committee decision as we laid out in our press release. So, it's an independent decision by ttheir independent special committee. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thanks. I'll jump back in tthey queue. Thanks for all that color. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve DeLaney of JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Steven DeLaney Hi. Good morning. Thanks. And I also extend my congratulations. I know ttheir has been a long time coming to get to ttheir point, strategic benefits or obvious. Ivan I think what I learned today on ttheir call that theylped clarify tthey valuation for me, which wtheyre your comments on tthey MSR portfolio and I believe you said tthey average servicing fee was 47 basis points. We work with some of tthey ottheyr public agency servicers and we see figures average servicing fees much smaller. Could you comment on why your average fee is higtheyr? Does ttheir have something to do with small balance loans versus larger loans? Any color you could give around tthey 47 bps would be very theylpful to me. Thanks. Ivan Kaufman Sure. I guess tthey nicthey that however has and that both tthey REIT as well as tthey agency platform as we focused on small balance loans. Specialty is in tthey $5 million to $25 million areas with a very, very significant presence in tthey $1 million to $5 million areas. We are probably tthey number one provider of small balance loans in tthey country and we are tthey number one lender for tthey Freddie Mac in 2015. Tthey smaller balance loans tend to have a little bit of a larger servicing number to ttheym. It's an area that we find to be a little less competitive and ttheyrefore it works very well for us. Tthey larger loans tthey larger you guess tthey small servicing fee. And that's how we get to larger number. In addition, our portfolio is very theyavily weighted to Fannie Mae wtheyre it's a bigger servicing fee as opposed to Freddie Mac. Steven DeLaney Right. And you have your loss sharing ttheyre as well which you need to be compensated for. I guess that to drivers if that two drivers to get to $200 million estimated value, Paul mentioned an average remaining terms of seven years and I think you've got some prepay protection around those loans. Tthey ottheyr factor of course is tthey discount rate that you use to discount tthey forward cash flows. Can you comment on sort of a range of what is an appropriate discount rate for that type of an asset in your mind? Paul Elenio Yeah, Steve. It's Paul. We'll be careful because what we have disclosed in our proxy. But normally, I think in tthey industry you see ranges of discount rates anywtheyre from 12 to 13 all tthey way up to 15 depending on tthey type of portfolio. As you know, Steve unlike tthey resi business CPRs and PSAs don't play a huge role or as bigger role in valuation of servicing as ttheyy do in multifamily, because of tthey prepayment protection that's afforded with tthey Fannie Mae loans especially. So, tthey range of discount rate, we've seen a lot of different ranges ttheyre are firms that do ttheir for living, you only see ttheym in anyway from 12, 13 to 15 wtheyn valuing an overall portfolio. However, for large cash, ttheir is very stable cash flow, very recurring cash flow and is prepayment locked out. So, that's very important component. Ivan Kaufman Steve also, I just want to know that ttheyse portfolios don't actively trade in tthey market. We wish ttheyy did, we would be active because what you have in tthey part of ttheyse portfolios is also a customer base and that customer base has a lot of value and it's not a lot of value put on a general transaction. But tthey customers that come with ttheir great recurring opportunity in tthey future and tthey ottheyr thing in ttheir kind of mark, a little low interest rates is very, very little value put on tthey escrow balance and tthey escrow balances in a rising market have significant economics. So, you have tthey discount rate, which people put different numbers on and that's mattheymatical wtheyre you have tthey intangibles of tthey customer base and ttheyn tthey factor of course is tthey theydge of tthey escrow balance in tthey event of rising rate environment. Paul Elenio And Steve as well as tthey portfolio grows, you obviously get huge economy scale from cost. So depending on tthey size of tthey portfolio you can see higtheyr or lower values because of tthey efficiency of tthey cost structure. Steven DeLaney That's all very theylpful. Paul, can you give us some idea obviously tthey proxy in theirtorical financials, can you give us some idea wtheyn you would expect to file that proxy with tthey initial proxy? Paul Elenio We are working very hard to do that, obviously tthey challenger on tthey proxy timing Steve as you can imagine is tthey forwarded financials of tthey acquired businesses, it's a private entity. So, we are working very hard. I can't give you a definitive date, but we certainly want to get it out, if we can over tthey next several weeks. Steven DeLaney Okay. And I know I've taken time. I'll just wrap up with ttheir. So, obviously tthey strategic benefits were in place and tthey way ttheir is laying out is very theylpful today that Paul that you gave us your accretion figures with some level of specificity. We had calculated ttheir morning just on tthey - based on tthey OP units of 650, we had calculated booked value dilution of about $0.75 or about 8% and so your percentage increase in earnings and very important to me and I'm sure your special committee in trying to weigh those two factors and wtheyn we think about that I mean should we assume to that ttheyre may be some deal cost one-time charges professional fees it could be relatively significant that also will need to be factored into any type of book value dilution. Paul Elenio Yes, Steve. Tthey guidance I gave today was obviously without those transaction cost because we view ttheym as one-time. But certainly as we closed today in tthey prepared remarks we did incur about 3 million of expenses to-date obviously ttheyre would be more expenses wtheyn ttheyre is a deal close. So it would have to factor in at least to tthey current information I was trying to look at it on run rate going forward that those transactional cost of kind of one-time. Steven DeLaney Got it. Appreciate your comments ttheir morning. Thanks and congratulations on tthey deal. Paul Elenio Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from tthey line of Lee Cooperman of Omega Advisors. Your line is now open. Lee Cooperman Thank you. Congratulations, like everybody else is congratulating you. Just I think Steve it is last question just kind of highlighted you're issuing 19.23 million shares, tthey book value of 934 and I think that's been diluted to about 851 and you've set as tthey distribution could be accretive by 10% to 17%, I missed tthey pro forma impact, tthey last year tthey AFFO was 108, did you give a pro forma for tthey transaction what would happen at that number. Paul Elenio No, Lee, its Paul. I did not give a pro forma for '15 or '14 and those will come on our proxy. What I really did was said that if you just looked at our number at $0.60 and you added ttheir on what would be tthey accretive effect to adding it on. So what that tend to 17% was accretive to our $0.60, I did not do a pro forma 15 or 14 number, that will be in our proxy. Lee Cooperman Okay. But I assume that it will be an increased pro forma in tthey AFFO and tthey properties you're Injecting debt into tthey transaction, so you're getting so amount of leverage, so it’s fair to assume that AFFO will be higtheyr by some amount? Paul Elenio Well, what I said - wtheyn you mean higtheyr you mean theirtorically on pro forma? Lee Cooperman Yeah on pro forma like you said a dividend pro forma would be able to raise to $0.60, $0.70, I assume that’s because AFFO would also pro forma would be higtheyr. I am not asking for tthey amount. Paul Elenio That’s correct, that’s absolutely correct. Lee Cooperman Okay. And we have a large more diversified entity in some better lines of business that we have had on our own ttheir should lead to a higtheyr ROE, you mentioned 13% to 16%, if I apply 13 to 16 ROE to your 851 or pro forma book value that would suggest if we hit targeted ROEs of 13% to 16%, we have AFFO of like somewtheyre between a 1.10 and 1.40. We’re not getting in tthey forecasting game but over tthey next couple of years you think 13% to 16% ROE a new book value is tthey reasonable target for tthey complexion of tthey business that we now have pro forma of tthey deal? Paul Elenio Let me think about that I think my 13% to 16% we surely saying that tthey business we’re acquiring at tthey price we’re acquiring it, would generate a 13% to 16% ROE basically what I said in my remarks was if we gave a range of what we think of projected income for tthey acquired business would be and ttheyn I just divided that by tthey purchase price obviously you’d have to factor in how we’re paying tthey consideration. I'm not so sure I could tell you that in tthey future it would 13% to 16% on-off total capital basis I think that’s what you’re asking, Ivan I don’t know what your view is on that going forward. Ivan Kaufman Yeah, I think we need tthey time to put tthey proxy to get tthey information and give you tthey right critical data in our modeling to be accurate and although I’d like to speculate through tthey enthusiasm and tthey transaction that would be more specific wtheyn we have tthey right data to distribute. Lee Cooperman Well, it shouldn’t be too far off because of tthey AFFO of 108 was achieved at a book value of 934, so that was like about 11% and since you’re buying better businesses more diversified businesses I would say low end 13% ROE reasonable I think Ivan justifies top selling a book value anyway so that’d be about $1.10 type of recurring earnings and we support even growth of distribution from tthey pro forma 60-60-70. Paul Elenio Yeah I think we as you said we can’t get into forecasting business, but one of tthey things I will say is everything you said was accurate except we do need to understand that in 2015 we did have tremendous AFFO as you mentioned and we had some large transactions and while we do those transactions as part of our critical business, recurring those transactions recurring can be lumpy, we did have some large gains and income from some of our structured investments during 2015. We’re projecting as we mentioned in our comments, an annuity going forward but not as large as tthey income we booked for 2015. It doesn’t mean we won’t have similar items like that but predicting that and wtheyn it will happen is a little difficult for us. Ivan Kaufman Yeah, we don’t put those into our core run rate. Paul Elenio Yeah, that’s right. Lee Cooperman I understand, just remind me of tthey 51 so fully diluted shares pro forma for ttheir deal, how many shares will you own Ivan in tthey 19.23 getting in tthey deal and ttheyn how much you own before? Paul Elenio Well, you’d end up with just over 35% because Ivan has roughly almost 6 million shares. Lee Cooperman So, basically that's pretty good incentive to keep Ivan working, I like that. Ivan Kaufman Yeah. You’re going to keep me young and energized. Lee Cooperman Okay, sounds good. Congratulations and all tthey best. Paul Elenio Thanks Lee. Ivan Kaufman Take care. Operator Thank you. And at ttheir time, I'm showing ttheyre are no furttheyr participants in tthey queue, I would like to turn tthey call back to management for closing remarks. Ivan Kaufman Well, I just like to thank everybody for participating. I know it’s been a long time coming and we’re really pleased to be able to announce ttheir transaction and talk about tthey merits of it and we’re extremely excited. We’ll get tthey information out to everybody as soon as it’s available and look forward to spending tthey time and talking about tthey story. Thank you everybody. Paul Elenio Thanks. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today’s conference. Ttheir concludes your program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.