Arbor Realty Trust (NYSE:ABR) Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2017 10:00 AM ET Executives Ivan Kaufman - Founder, Chairman, President and CEO Paul Elenio - Treasurer and CFO Analysts Jade Rahmani - KBW Ryan John Tomasello - KBW Steven Delaney - JMP Securities Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Arbor Realty Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Terence, and good morning everyone, and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we'll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2017. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I'll now turn tthey call over to Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release, we had a very successful second quarter with tremendous operating results, as we continue to benefit greatly from our significant operating franctheire. Before I turn it over to Paul to take you through our financial results, I would like to focus on our recent progress and significant accomplishments, as well as our outlook for tthey remainder of 2017. We continue to have tremendous success in growing our brand and expanding our market presence through our diverse and dynamic originations platform. We had a very strong first half of tthey year in our agency business, originating $1 billion in loans in tthey second quarter and $2.3 billion loans in tthey first six months of 2017, which represents a 40% increase over our six month production volume for 2016. Additionally, we continue to leverage our significant originations platform and strong footprint in tthey GSE multifamily lending arena to increase our reach and broaden our products, allowing us to garner a larger portion of tthey overall lending market and greatly enhance tthey value of our franctheire. As a result, our pipeline is at an all time high, and we're extremely positive with our outlook for tthey remainder of ttheir year and we are very confident that we'll be able to grow our originations platform significantly above our record numbers from 2016. Tthey tremendous growth and success we've experienced in our agency platform has also been extremely accretive to our core earnings and has allowed us to grow our dividends substantially over tthey last year. Ttheir business has also allowed us to significantly diversify and increase tthey stability and duration of our income streams. In fact, our GSE income represents over 70% of our 2017 income sources to date, over 50% of which is comprised of reoccurring, predictable, long-dated, mostly prepayment-protected servicing income from our $15 billion servicing portfolio with a 47 basis point fee stream. Tthey GSE platform also produces significant interest-earning deposits in tthey form of escrow balances. Currently, we have around $475 million in escrow balances, earning slightly less than one month LIBOR. Ttheyse balances provide a natural theydge against rising interest rates, as it will generate significant additional earnings power as rates increase. So overall, we're extremely pleased with tthey results of our agency platform, and I'm very excited about tthey growth in tthey business going forward. We're also very confident with ttheir business will continue to produce significant reoccurring and predictable earnings with longer duration assets, which will not only allow us to continue to substantially grow our earnings, but will also continue to create more predictable, stable earnings base to support our growing dividend, while minimizing tthey potential impact of our business of capital markets and interest rate volatility. We also had a very active and productive quarter in our transitional balance ttheyyet lending business, with a continued focus on growing our balance ttheyyet, while remaining extremely disciplined in our lending approach and on continuing to improve our non-recourse financing vehicles. We originated $430 million of loans in tthey second quarter and experienced $264 million of runoff, resulting in a net growth in our portfolio of $174 million. Our second quarter's originations had an average yield of approximately 7%, and we generated total returns of approximately 13% on ttheyse investments, including leverage. In addition, our pipeline remains very strong, and we remain confident that through our deep originations network, we will produce portfolio growth in 2017, similar to what we achieved in 2016. We also continue to focus mainly on senior multifamily loans, with 90% of our $1.9 billion loan portfolio comprised of senior debt, with 80% of that debt being multifamily assets, which clearly has proven to be tthey most resilient asset class and product type in all economic cycles. Additionally, approximately 84% of our investment portfolio is comprised of floating rate loans, which will also increase our earnings as interest rates rise. Anottheyr one of tthey keys to our success has been our continued ability to greatly enhance our nonrecourse financing vehicles, which is a critical component of our business strategy. As we discussed last quarter, in April, we closed our seven CLO securitization vehicle, which contain higtheyr leverage and significantly reduced pricing from our -- any of our previous CLOs and also included increasing tthey capacity to finance ottheyr asset classes as well. We have a tremendous amount of experience and capability in tthey securitization arena and continue to be a market leader in ttheir space, cultivating a loyal and growing base of investors in each one of our securitizations that highly value our strong transaction performance and our diverse platform. We now have four nonrecourse CLO securitization vehicles up with approximately $1 billion of nonrecourse debt with replenishment periods going as far out as three years, allowing us to appropriately match-fund our assets with nonrecourse liabilities and generate strong levered returns on our capital. We also are very pleased to have completed tthey full internalization of our management team in tthey second quarter. Ttheir was an important step that now provides a public company with a fully aligned deep and experienced senior management team that furttheyr bolsters tthey value of our franctheire. Additionally, in tthey second quarter, we also successfully accessed accretive capital raising $76 million of common equity with attractive terms. Ttheir was a very important capital raise that allowed us to complete tthey full internalization of our management team, increase our market capital liquidity, expand our shareholder base and fund our growing pipeline of balance ttheyyet investments, which generate mid-teen returns on our capital and will contribute to our -- increase our core earnings going forward. Overall, we're extremely pleased with our second quarter and six month results and ttheyn tthey tremendous success we are having greatly enhancing value of our franctheire. We are also very excited about our ability to continue to grow our brand and expand our market presence, and we're extremely positive about our outlook going forward and in our ability to continue to grow our earnings and dividends, while creating more diversity, stability and predictability to our earning streams that are more long-dated and less sensitive to rate and market volatility. We're a leading multifamily finance company with a complete financial services operating franctheire, which, we believe, sets us apart from many ottheyr lenders and peers in our industry. And as a result, we believe we should not only be trading at a premium top peers, but with over 70% of our income source is coming from our GSE business, that is a more stable and predictable. We believe our GSE platform should be valued based on similar PE ratios as ottheyr public GSE platforms making us a substantial value play for our investors. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Thank you, Ivan. As our press release ttheir morning indicated, we had a very strong second quarter and first six months of tthey year, including tremendous operating results. As a result, AFFO was $17.6 million or $0.22 per share for tthey second quarter and $42.2 million or $0.55 per share for tthey six months at tthey June 30. Ttheir translates into an annualized return on average common equity of approximately 10% for tthey second quarter and 12% for tthey first six months. As Ivan mentioned, we continue to put up record results from our agency platform, which have been very accretive to our earnings. Ttheir has allowed us not only to increase our dividend substantially over tthey last year, but ttheyse earnings have also resulted in more stability and certainty to our dividend. Ttheir is again due to tthey significant portion of our earnings that are coming from tthey agency business that are long-dated, more predictable and recurring and less sensitive to rate and market volatility. We also believe we will continue to produce strong results in ttheir business going forward, which should allow us to continue to grow our earnings and dividends in tthey future. For tthey quarter, we generated approximately $13.5 million of income and AFFO from tthey agency business. We produced very strong originations in our agency platform, closing $1 billion of loans in Q2, which is a 19% increase over our second quarter volume from last year. And as Ivan mentioned, we are very optimistic we will close out 2017 with anottheyr record year. Our second quarter sales volume was $1.2 billion, which was 69% increase over our second quarter 2016 sales, and tthey margin on our sales for tthey second quarter was 1.56%, including miscellaneous fees compared to 1.40% all-in margin on our first quarter sales. We recorded commission expense of approximately 38% on our gains on sales in tthey second quarter compared to 33% for tthey first quarter. We also reported $17.3 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to $1.1 billion of committed loans during tthey second quarter, representing an average mortgage servicing rate of 1.57% compared to 1.74% on our first quarter committed loans. Sales margins and MSR rates fluctuate primarily by GSE loan type and size. Ttheyrefore, changes in tthey mix of loan origination volumes may increase or decrease ttheyse percentages in tthey future. Our servicing portfolio also grew anottheyr 4% during tthey quarter to over $15 billion at June 30, with a weighted average servicing fee of approximately 47 basis points and an estimated remaining life of approximately eight years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a significant predictable annuity of income going forward in excess of $70 million gross annually. Ttheir annuity also significantly diversifies our revenue streams and provides us with long-dated, stable, predictable earnings that are mostly prepayment-protected and less sensitive to REIT and market cycles. So clearly, we had a tremendous first half of tthey year in our agency business. And as Ivan mentioned, we are also very positive on our outlook for tthey remainder of 2017. Now I'd like to talk about tthey second quarter results from our transitional balance ttheyyet lending operation. In tthey quarter, we generated income of $3.9 million and AFFO of approximately $5 million. We had a strong quarter growing our investment portfolio to approximately $1.9 billion or 10% to a very strong originations, and as Ivan mentioned earlier, our pipeline remained strong. Our investment portfolio had an all-in yield of approximately 6.71% at June 30, which was up from tthey yield of around 6.45% at March 31, mainly due to an increase in LIBOR and from tthey yield in our second quarter originations, exceeding tthey yield in our runoff during tthey quarter. Tthey average balance in our core investments was flat at $1.8 billion for tthey first and second quarters, and tthey average yield in ttheyse investments was up 6.60% for tthey second quarter compared to 6.39% for tthey first quarter, again, largely due to an increase in LIBOR. Our total debt on core assets was approximately $1.49 billion at June 30, with an all-in debt cost of approximately 4.69% compared to a debt cost of around 4.51% at March 31, also mainly due to an increase in LIBOR during tthey quarter. Tthey average balance on our debt facilities increased to approximately $1.46 billion for tthey second quarter from approximately $1.37 billion for tthey first quarter, primarily due to tthey closing of our seven CLO vehicles during tthey second quarter. And tthey average cost of funds on our debt facilities increased to approximately 4.60% for tthey second quarter compared to 4.51% for tthey first quarter, mainly due to an increase in LIBOR, which was mostly offset by lower borrowing costs associated with reduced pricing on our new CLO vehicle as well as from tthey full effective interest rate swaps that matured in tthey first quarter. Overall, net interest spreads in our core assets on a GAAP basis increased to 2% ttheir quarter compared to 1.88% last quarter, and our overall spot net interest spreads also increased to 2.02% at June 30 from 1.94% at March 31, mainly due to yields in our second quarter originations, exceeding yields in our runoff as well as from reduced debt costs from our new CLO vehicle that we closed during tthey quarter. Tthey average leverage ratio on our core lending assets, including tthey trust preferreds and perpetual preferred stock as equity, was up to approximately 72% ttheir quarter compared to 67% last quarter, mainly due to tthey timing of moving assets into our new CLO that we closed during tthey second quarter. And our overall debt-to-equity ratio on a spot basis, including tthey trust preferreds and preferred stock as equity, was 1.4:1 at both June 30 and March 31. Our income from equity investments decreased approximately $800,000 compared to last quarter, which is all due to recording a small loss from our residential mortgage banking joint venture due to a change in tthey outlook of interest rate and given tthey current environment, we're now estimating that will break even for tthey balance of tthey year from ttheir investment and expect to generate between $500,000 and $750,000 of income for both tthey third and fourth quarters from our ottheyr equity investments. And lastly, operating expenses were up slightly quarter-over-quarter, excluding commission expense. Ttheir was mainly due to increases in staffing on tthey agency business as well as from certain investments we are making in technology to support tthey significant growth we've experienced and expect to continue to see in our agency platform. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning, and I'll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Terence? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Jade Rahmani from KBW. Your line is open. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. I was wondering if you could characterize investor sentiment, and also speak to tthey mix in your originations between acquisitions and refinance deals? Ivan Kaufman I don't have tthey exact numbers on refinance and acquisition deals, but our outlook relative to tthey refinance market is that a lot of tthey loans in tthey multifamily sector are five, seven and 10 years in duration. A very significant part of not only runoff in our portfolio and recapture, but it's a significant part of tthey business climate that have existing loans constantly refinancing. We're clearly benefiting in 2016, 2017 and 2018 from a lot of loans that were running off from tthey 10-year loans that we've done in 2007 and 2008 and 2006. But since ttheyn, you also have a lot of shorter duration and variable rate loans. So that will remain a very significant part of our business going forward. But we can get you more numbers what tthey mix currently is if Paul doesn't have it on their hand. Paul Elenio Yes, I do have it on tthey agency side. On tthey agency side, tthey $1 billion of volume we did, Jade, we had -- about 60% of that was refinance and tthey ottheyr 40% was new purchase. So that's been tthey mix. It's been around that pretty much steadily throughout tthey year. Sometimes, it may hit 70 to 30 or 65-35, but it's 60-40 right now, for tthey second quarter. Jade Rahmani Thanks. Have you seen any changes in cap rates? And also on tthey lending side, are you concerned at all by spread compression in tthey market? Ivan Kaufman I think that cap rates wtheyn tthey election first took place and rates were starting to rise, we were seeing a little bit of backup with rates being coming back down on tthey tenure. I think cap rates have remained somewhat consistent, maybe slightly tighter, especially since ttheyre is a lot of liquidity in tthey market on tthey equity side. On tthey bridge loan business, no question about it. It's a very, very competitive market. We're very fortunate that we've been able to have far better execution on tthey CLO side. So we've been able to maintain our spreads because we've been able to reduce our borrowing costs as well, to keep up with wtheyre tthey competition is. Jade Rahmani Tthey two loans that went delinquent in tthey quarter, could you give any color on those? I think one was residential and tthey ottheyr was commercial. Paul Elenio Yes, tthey one was small, $2.5 million net loan that we're renegotiating now on an extension. So we don't know that, that will be nonperforming for long. Tthey bigger loan that went nonperforming ttheir quarter, we may have talked about in tthey past, it's a legacy subordinate position, preferred equity position we have on our hospitality asset. It's a $34 million loan that we have written down, so about $31 million, and we entered into a nine month forbearance agreement with tthey borrower. But we are actively looking at brokering in -- with a broker to look at potentially selling that asset. And if we are successful and we think we can be, we think we'll recover all of our net carrying value of $31 million. And I think what's important to point out is, ttheir is a legacy asset that is earning 4%. So if we are able -- if we're successful -- we got a little short-term pain in tthey NPL ttheir quarter, but if we're successful in liquidating ttheir asset and recovering our capital, we'll be able to redeploy that capital into our core business, which will generate 12%, 13% levered returns on our capital. Jade Rahmani And on tthey servicing portfolio, has ttheyre been any change in credit performance sequentially? Ivan Kaufman No. In fact, we do a quarterly review, and in our quarterly review, we're consistently seeing an increase in tthey DSE coverage from tthey originations in our underwriting. So we're pretty comfortable with tthey performance of our portfolio versus wtheyre we originated our portfolio, tthey one we had written. So we're constantly seeing quarter-to-quarter improvements. Jade Rahmani Thanks. I'm going to pass in my colleague, Ryan Tomasello. Ryan Tomasello Thanks Jade. Just given tthey elevating amount of repayments you saw in tthey quarter on tthey structure side. Can you give some color on what percentage of repayments were recaptured via refinance in tthey agency business? Ivan Kaufman Yes, sure. I can. So we had $264 million, with $263 million runoff in tthey quarter, all of it was multifamily. Unfortunately, of tthey $264 million, about $160 million of it were from sales of properties. So as you know, we don't control tthey refinancing of that wtheyn tthey loan is sold. So tthey remainder $100 million, we did get $55 million of that factor of Fannie Mae execution, so that's about a 55% recapture rate. In tthey first quarter, I think it was Steve Delaney who asked that question last quarter, we didn't have tthey numbers. In tthey first quarter, we had $190 million of runoff, $153 million of that was multifamily, and after sales of properties, ttheyre was $116 million of that multifamily that was refinanced. And we recaptured $111 million of that in tthey first quarter. So we had a 96% recapture rate on eligible refinancing multifamily properties in tthey first quarter and $55 million in tthey second quarter, which is to our strategy we've always talked about, that we normally recapture a significant amount of tthey refinance opportunities that are available through our agency platform. Ryan Tomasello Thanks. That was really good color, and in tthey past, you've highlighted an increase in your average loan size, which could potentially lead to lower gain on sale margins, all else equal. Given tthey increase that we saw in tthey gain on sale in tthey quarter, can you give us some color on how loan sizes have trended, and what your expectations are for gain on sale margins for tthey balance of tthey year? Paul Elenio Yeah. I think that's an important -- that's important color ttheyre. We did see a flattening of tthey average loan size during tthey quarter on our agency business originations, and ttheyrefore, our margin was a little higtheyr than we expected. However, I do think if you look at tthey MSR capitalization rate, tthey MSR capitalization rate was down and that's on tthey committed loans, because some of tthey committed loans we did late, did have larger balances, and ttheyrefore, lower servicing fees. So ttheyrefore, although tthey margin was very strong in tthey second quarter, tthey indication should be that we may see a little bit of a smaller margin in tthey third quarter, which is consistent with what we talked about last quarter. We did get a strong margin ttheir quarter because [indiscernible] closed yet that are committed did have larger -- had larger balances and larger servicing fees, and ttheyrefore, ttheyy'll have a little bit of a smaller margin in tthey third quarter. Ryan Tomasello Great. And ttheyn just lastly, can you comment on how theyadcount has trended on a sequential basis or year-over-year basis in tthey agency business? Are you looking to continue to grow that platform via eittheyr M&A or hiring additional brokers? Ivan Kaufman I think we grow our platform on multiple ways. First of all, we grow it organically through a very intensive training program, which takes years and years to nurture people and a lot of our salespeople are organically homegrown. We're always active in tthey market adding salespeople and we've been successful in adding a couple, as we go. With respect to acquisition opportunities, we don't have any, right in front of us, but we are actively always looking to grow our franctheire by strategic acquisition opportunities., but we are not currently engaged in any at tthey moment. Ryan Tomasello And do you have any numbers on tthey percentage increase in theyadcount year-over-year that you can provide? Paul Elenio I don't have ttheym in front of me. We did grow our theyadcount in our agency business, I think, by five people during tthey quarter. I mean, most of that is, you have a formula wtheyn you grow your servicing portfolio, you have a certain amount of capacity each person can handle and you get economies of scale. Obviously, as you grow your servicing portfolio. But we have a set formula, after so many units are added, you have to add maybe one new portfolio manager or one new servicing person. But I don't have tthey numbers in front of me on tthey sequential increase. Ryan Tomasello Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from Steve Delaney from JMP Securities. Your line is open. Steven Delaney Good morning and congratulations on tthey strong quarter. I want to start with tthey transitional business, $438 million, I believe you said on tthey first quarter call, ttheyre was some spillover. But neverttheyless, a big number and looking back, it appears to us it's probably a record quarter for balance ttheyyet lending. I was just curious given that magnitude of loans, were ttheyre any unusually large loans in that mix that may have caused tthey numbers to jump so much? Ivan Kaufman Let me give you a little color first. We are able to do larger loans, and tthey reason we're able to do larger loans is our effective execution on tthey CLO side has been tighter. So with tthey larger loans, which are more competitively bid, we are in a better position to bid on ttheym. In addition with tthey capital raises we've done, we have a stronger balance ttheyyet, so we're more comfortable going with some bigger loans, as opposed to being a little bit restricted. So in tthey past, we were probably comfortable with a $25 million loan, may be stretching to $50 million. Now with tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet and our effective capability on tthey CLO side, both pricing and liquidity, we're very comfortable going to tthey $50 million to $75 million range on a very active basis and competitive. So we're definitely in a better position to grow a high quality book with effective returns. Steven Delaney Okay, that's good color. Tthey average size looks like it was about $20 million. So you think that's a good sort of average for modeling purposes going forward, that something $20 million to $25 million would be appropriate? Ivan Kaufman Paul, do you want to comment on that? Paul Elenio Yes, I think tthey question to Ivan was, what we think we're going to be doing going forward on average loan size. Tthey loan size was on average $20 million for tthey second quarter. We did talk last quarter, Steve, about some larger loans spilling over to April. We had about $100 million of loans that we had targeted in tthey first quarter, that's spilled over to April, some larger loans. We did have several loans, over $30 million during tthey quarter that we originated. But Ivan, I think tthey question from Steve is, that we think that $20 million is a good average going forward, and I guess, we do think we can do tthey larger loans, and we will continue to do. How it blends with some of tthey smaller stuff? I can't say though exactly, it will be $20 million. But I think that's probably $15 million to $20 million probably -- Ivan Kaufman Steve, we're comfortable with that given what's in tthey pipeline and given what we're seeing in tthey market and how we're competing. Steven Delaney Got it. And tthey whole portfolio is 80% multifamily. Are you seeing that consistently? Something in that ballpark I'm sure bounces around, but something, say, north of 70%, 75% is continuing to be multifamily? Ivan Kaufman I think so. I mean, we're definitely opportunistic, and we're -- for tthey right opportunities, we'll lend. But that's a good mix for us. Steven Delaney Got it. Ryan touctheyd on ttheir a little bit. But just to clarify on tthey agency margins. On tthey MSR margin, it went down to 1.57% from 1.74%. We assumed it was more of tthey Fannie Mae, tthey smaller Fannie Mae index. But I think I theyard you say, Paul, it might have something to do with loan size. Was it loan size or a combination? Paul Elenio It's a combination of having more Freddie Mac business overall, as it compared to tthey total. So tthey mix change does impact that number. And ttheyn also, we had some loans that we committed to late in tthey quarter, that have -- larger loans that will lower servicing fee and, obviously, less risk. And ttheyy tend to come with smaller margins. Steven Delaney Got it. And tthey gain on sale margin actually going up, maybe opposite. Was that smaller loans versus first quarter? What would you primarily attribute that to? Paul Elenio Yes, I think we had some larger loans in tthey first quarter that we had sold. And in tthey second quarter, we had -- we didn't have as larger loans that we sold, it's just timing. But we did close a bunch of loans late in tthey second quarter, that were larger that will affect tthey third quarter margin. But again, ttheir will fluctuate, as we've talked about, it will go from 140 to 150 to 160 to 135, it's in that range. It's hard for us to peg it perfectly. But we had a very strong margin quarter. We're happy with that and as I said, we've guided to somewtheyre in that range going forward. Steven Delaney Okay. Great. And just one final thing from me. We're continuing to try to distract roughly tthey amount to put, what we'd call dead or underperforming capital that's just are carryover from tthey legacy days. Just trying to evaluate, what tthey upside earnings potential as those things resolve. Tthey REO is clear, and appreciated your color just now about tthey hotel asset. As far as your loans that have loan loss reserves, which was a count of six loans and your NPL loans are five. Is ttheyre -- are all of tthey NPL loans, which looks like $60 million gross and $34 million net, are ttheyy all included in tthey count of six loans that are classified as with reserves? I just want to know if ttheyre is -- tthey loan loss reserve loans is inclusive of everything in NPL? Paul Elenio Ttheyre is, but ttheyre are loans in tthey loan loss reserve that are not in tthey NPL. So tthey best way to look at it is, ttheyre is $184 million of gross loans that are reserved with, call it, $81 million reserves against it. And that's basically two assets. It's basically tthey hotel asset we just talked about, and I think you commented on our position we have out in Lake Tahoe. Those are tthey two positions that make up that $100 million. Ivan Kaufman Yes, we have a big position out on Lake Tahoe. As you know, tthey Homewood mountain years of entitlement. Now that is entitled. I think ttheyre is -- Paul, you can give tthey round number. But it's basically a non-interest earning asset. We believe we're in a very good position over tthey next 12 months or so to eittheyr do and hold or piece by piece to turn that into an interest earning asset and contribute significantly over tthey next couple of years to our earnings. Steven Delaney Yes, Paul. Go atheyad. Paul Elenio So as to be clear, it's about $71 million net reserves on that, $30 million on tthey ottheyr one, $31 million. So that gives you tthey $102 million, and that Homewood asset that I've been speaking of, is contractually current, but we're not accruing any interest on it. So it's not in tthey non-performing bucket that we've disclosed in our Q, that it's not earning any interest. Steven Delaney Got it. Appreciate tthey color guys. Thank you. Operator And at ttheir time, I am showing no furttheyr questions. Ivan Kaufman Well, I want to thank everybody for ttheyir participation. We had a great quarter and look forward to a very strong balance of 2017. Have a good day everybody. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.