Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call August 2, 2019 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - CFO Ivan Kaufman - President and CEO Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Ryan Tomasello - KBW Lee Cooperman - Omega Advisors Rick Shane - JPMorgan Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Second Quarter 2019 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please begin, sir. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, Norma. And good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we'll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2019. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I'll now turn tthey call over to Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release, we had anottheyr outstanding quarter which continues to demonstrate tthey diversity of our operating platform and value of our franctheire. We are very pleased with tthey growth in our business, which has consistently increased our baseline of predictable and stable earnings allowing us to once again increase our quarterly dividend to $0.29 a share, which represents our second increase ttheir year and reflects annual run rate of $1.16 per share, up from $1.08 per share. Additionally, tthey significant growth we experienced in tthey second quarter continues to increase our run rate of core earnings making us very confident in our ability to comfortably maintain our current dividend as well as grow it in tthey future. And based on our new dividend and yesterday's closing price, we are trading at a dividend yield of approximately 9.5% which we believe is not nearly reflective of our true value. Tthey quality and diversity of our income streams along with a consistency of our earnings clearly differentiates us from our peers, which is why we believe we should consistently trade at or lower dividend yield than our peer group. To highlight our success furttheyr, I would like to talk about tthey growth we experienced in both our business platforms. In our agency business, we grew our servicing portfolio anottheyr 3% in tthey second quarter and 14% over last year, and is now at $19.5 million. Ttheir portfolio generates a servicing fee of 44 basis points and has an average remaining life of nine years, which reflects 11% increase in duration over tthey last two years. As a result, we have created a very significant predictable annuity of income of $85 million growth annually and growing. Tthey majority of which is prepayment protected. And ttheir growth in our servicing portfolio also continues to increase tthey annuity of income from our AFCO [ph] balances furttheyr contributing our growing annual run rate of core earnings. We also had a very strong originations quarter closing $1.3 billion in agency loans. And our pipeline remains strong providing us with confidence and our ability to produce significant origination volumes for tthey balance of tthey year. We are also very pleased in our ability to continue to generate strong margins on our loan sales despite tthey extremely competitive landscape. And ttheyse income streams from our agency platform continues to create significant diversity and high level of certainty in our income sources. With respect to our balance ttheyyet business, we have experienced tremendous growth in our loan book. We grew ttheir portfolio 24% in 2018 and anottheyr 20% already for tthey first six months of ttheir year on record second quarter originations of $1 billion. Our balance ttheyyet portfolio is now a 3.9 billion and significant growth we experienced in tthey second quarter will continue to increase our run rate of net interest income going forward. It is also significant to note almost 80% of our portfolio is in multifamily assets which is clearly one of tthey safest and best asset classes. We also have a very robust pipeline which will allow us to continue grow our loan book for tthey balance of ttheir year. And as a result of tthey strong pipeline, we elected to raise 105 million of fresh capital in tthey second quarter for our common stock issuance which will be immediately accretive to our core earnings as ttheir capital will be used to fund our growth. And again tthey income generated from our loan book is a significant component of our earnings and we remain very confident in our ability to continue to grow ttheir income stream. In tthey second quarter, we closed our 11th and largest non-recourse CLO securitization vehicle with 650 million of assets and significantly improved terms including reduced pricing increase leverage in a three-year replenishment feature. Tthey tremendous success we continue to experience in tthey securitization arena combined with our ability to substantially reduce our debt costs in all of our borrowing facilities has allowed us to achieve significant economies of scale and maintain our margins in a very competitive market. Updating you now on a single-family rental business, we continue to make tremendous progress in developing our platform and building out tthey appropriate infrastructure as we remain committed to becoming a leader in ttheir space. We're very pleased with tthey talent we've been able to attract with tthey continued growth we've seen in our pipeline of opportunities by leveraging off of our existing originations capacity and capabilities. We believe ttheir is a ptheynomenal business with and enormous opportunities in both tthey bridge and permit lending products, and we are confident that will build ttheir out to be a significant driver of yet anottheyr income stream and furttheyr diversify our lending platform. Over tthey past few years, we have outperformed our peers delivering consistent annual shareholder returns of approximately 30%. We are complete operating platform with a significant diversified income streams most of which are long dated included income from our serving portfolio, escrow balances, balance ttheyyet business and single-family rental investments. We are also leaders in tthey CLO securitization arena and continue to generate significant efficiencies from tthey right side of our balance ttheyyet. We feel we are significantly under value given tthey stability and diversity of our income streams and that we should be trading substantially higtheyr than our current market price. And we believe ttheyre is significant opportunity for additional appreciation in our stock price to our shareholders. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, Ivan. As our press release ttheir morning indicated we had a very strong second quarter generating adjusted AFFO of $39 million or $0.34 per share. Ttheyse results reflect an annualized return on average common equity of 15% which continues to demonstrate tthey earnings power of our capital-light agency business as well as significant growth and cost efficiency we're experiencing as we continue to scale our balance ttheyyet business. And as Ivan I mentioned, we are very pleased with our ability to once again increase our quarterly dividend to $0.29 a share reflecting a 16% increase from a year ago and remain confident in our ability to increase our dividend in tthey future as our annual run rate of core earnings continues to grow. Looking at our result from agency business, we generated approximately 20 million of pretax income in tthey second quarter and approximately 1.3 billion originations and 923 million in loan sales. Tthey margin on our second quarter sales was 1.54% including miscellaneous fees up from 1.49% of an all-in margin on our first quarter sales. We also recorded 19 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to 1.3 billion of committed loans during tthey second quarter representing an average MSR rate of around 1.44% compared to 1.68% rate for tthey first quarter mostly due to some large deals that we closed in tthey second quarter which generally have a lower servicing fee. Our servicing portfolio grew anottheyr 3% during tthey quarter to 19.5 billion at June 30, with a weighted average servicing fee of 43.6 basis points and an estimated remaining life of nine years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward around $85 million gross annually, which is up approximately $5 million on an annual basis from tthey same time last year. Additionally, early runoff and our servicing book continued to produce prepayment fees related to certain loans that have your maintenance provisions. Ttheir accounted to $3.5 million in prepayment fees in tthey second quarter, which was down from $5 million in tthey first quarter. Tthey earnings associated with our escrow balances also continue to grow and contribute meaningfully to our recurring income streams. We currently have approximately $885 million of escrow balances, which are earning approximately 2%. And tthey earnings associated with ttheyse balances are up approximately $7 million on an annual run rate as compared to ttheir time last year. And our balance ttheyyet lending operation, we grew up portfolio, anottheyr 15% in tthey second quarter to $3.9 billion. And based on our current pipeline, we remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to grow our balance ttheyyet investment portfolio in tthey future. A $3.9 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yield of approximately 7.34% at June 30, compared to 7.71% at March 31. Tthey average balance in our core investments was up from $3.3 billion last quarter to $3.6 billion ttheir quarter, due to our first and second quarter significant growth. And tthey average yield on ttheyse investments was up to 8.24% for tthey second quarter, compared to 7.84% for tthey first quarter, mainly due to default interest collected on a second quarter loan payoff, as well as more acceleration of fees from early runoff in tthey second quarter. Total debt on our core assets was approximately $3.6 billion at June 30. With an all-in debt costs was approximately 4.96% compared to a debt cost of around 5.22% at March 31, mainly due to lower costs debt from our new CLO that closed in tthey second quarter, as well as from reduction in LIBOR. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was up to approximately $3.4 billion for tthey second quarter from $3 billion for tthey first quarter. Again due to financing portfolio growth, and tthey average cost of funds in our debt facility increased to approximately 5.35% for tthey second quarter, compared to 5.24% for tthey first quarter, due to $1.2 million of non-cash fees that were accelerated from tthey early unwind of CLO IV, which was replaced with our new CLO during tthey quarter with much lower borrowing costs. Overall net interest spreads and our core assets were up significantly to 289 ttheir quarter compared to 260 last quarter, again, mainly due to interest in more acceleration of fees from early runoff in tthey second quarter. And our overall spot and interest spread was down to 2.38% at June 30 compared to 2.49% at March 31, mainly due to higtheyr interest rates on run office compared to originations during tthey quarter. Tthey average leverage ratio on our poor lending assets including tthey trust preferred, and perpetual preferred stock as equity was up slightly to 81% in tthey second quarter, as compared to 79% for tthey first quarter, due to tthey increase leverage we obtained in our new CLO and overall debt-to-equity ratio on a spot basis, including tthey trust preferred and preferred stock as equity was also up to 2.621 at June 30, from 2.4 to 1 at March 31, mainly due to tthey timing of tthey closing of our latest CLO vehicle. Lastly, we also had a very strong quarter from our residential banking joint venture. Ttheir investment generated $2.6 million of income to us in ttheir quarter compared to 800,000 last quarter, mainly due to tthey success we continue to have in building out tthey retail branch network and from tthey current interest rate environment. And ttheir success continues to demonstrate tthey diversity of our income streams and tthey value of our operating franctheire. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. I will now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Norma? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Steve Delaney Thank you. Good morning, guys, and congratulations on tthey strong quarter. I'd like to start with tthey bridge portfolio that record of 1 billion, I mean, that's quite a move up from tthey last record which looks like it was 780 -- 186 million in 4Q, '17. So didn't just skip by a little bit, you nailed it. What I'd like to know is we get an average loan size about $25 million, is ttheyre anything some big lumpy loans, anything really large in ttheyre that cause tthey volume to be so much higtheyr than it had been previously? Ivan Kaufman So, theyy, Steve, thanks for coming. Steve Delaney Yes. Ivan Kaufman It's Ivan. We had one large loan in ttheyre. I think it was -- what was it, Paul, about 250 million? Paul Elenio 265 million. Ivan Kaufman 265 million, which was really a number of multiple properties, but what really happened overall was with our execution and lowering our borrowing costs, [indiscernible] maintain our margins, and be a little bit more competitive in tthey market. And we also made a little bit of an aggressive move, because a lot of our loan book has LIBOR floors, and we felt that we'd pick up a lot of income in tthey future, and have a real nice opportunity if we were a little aggressive in tthey last quarter. And as LIBOR would drop, we would be able to enhance how margins going forward. So it's a little bit of a strategic decision stimulated by tthey fact that we are able to have very good execution in tthey CLO market. Steve Delaney Got it? And is that tthey largest bridge loan that Arbor has ever made? Ivan Kaufman I think it's tthey largest bridge loan that we've made, but it consists of multiple properties, I think… Steve Delaney A portfolio of financing, yes. Ivan Kaufman -- and what portfolio, and for us, it was not just tthey bridge loan what was attractive, what's attractive is that will be executing that portfolio into eittheyr Fannie and Freddie or tthey CMBS market over a 24-month period? Steve Delaney Interesting. Ivan Kaufman So not only we will have tthey opportunity to have ttheir spread income, but we will be able to have potential servicing and gain on sale in tthey future. So it was anottheyr strategic move on our part. Paul Elenio Steve, I've --  Steve Delaney And we noticed. Yes, Paul. Paul Elenio It was our biggest bridge loan and it is collateralized by 56 properties in multiple states. Steve Delaney Wow! Okay. Thank you. That's good color. And obviously, we noticed possibly because of tthey large loan, possibly just because of new loans versus old loans, that tthey weighted average coupon fell by about 37 basis points down to 734, about 494 over LIBOR, spot LIBOR at June 30. Just curious if tthey trend and spreads if you're continuing to see pressure, and if you could comment, sort of on what tthey general range of spreads over LIBOR that you're currently able to achieve on your new bridge loan production? Ivan Kaufman Sure, I think spreads are generally in tthey 275 to 350 range. Steve Delaney Okay. Ivan Kaufman And that's down from maybe 3 to 375. And that's offset by reduced borrowing costs. But as I said, a lot of that is mitigated by having a higtheyr LIBOR floor. I think that spreads probably will make maintain that level, but tthey LIBOR as you know, is dropping. Steve Delaney Yes. Ivan Kaufman And our outlook is -- it's down to about two in a quarter now. I think we wouldn't be surprised to drop to 200 to 175 over tthey next six months. So I think that'll keep spreads a little bit wtheyre ttheyy are. I don't see that much of a tightening, maybe 25 basis points at best. Steve Delaney Got it. And ttheyn just one final thing from me, Chris was looking at ttheir credit risk rating table in tthey 10-Q. And we noted that tthey land bucket appeared to be moved up to special mentioned from a previous weighted average rating of substandard. And on tthey ottheyr hand, tthey self-storage sector was moved down to special mentioned from pass watch, I was just curious you can give us any color on kind of what's going on in those buckets. If ttheyy were any significant movements, ttheyy are in particular loans? Paul Elenio Yes. I don't think. Hey. Ivan Kaufman On tthey self-storage, I can comment on I mean, what you're seeing, which is typical, is anything that can be exited to more permanent financing is being exited. So you're perhaps seeing a movement on tthey self-storage wtheyre, tthey best stuff is moving out, tthey stuff in tthey middle is still maturing and it'll be moved down over time. And I probably just want to trend ttheir on… Steve Delaney I see. Got it. Paul Elenio And on tthey land side, Steve it's just tthey product of that's a weighted average rating for all tthey land deals and we did a land deal I think in tthey first quarter, which is brand new and performing well. So it just picked up tthey weighted average to a better rating for that bucket. Steve Delaney Got it. So just sort of tthey transitioning of stuff and wtheyn you get weighted averages and something large moves, I get it, I get it. So but generally speaking, would you say that in tthey quarter that were, were ttheyre any material new credit problems that you identified that you have some concern about? Ivan Kaufman No, we are quite comfortable. Paul Elenio Yes, not at all. Steve Delaney Thank you both for your comments. I appreciate it. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Your line is now open. Ryan Tomasello Hi, everyone. Ttheir is actually Ryan on for Jade. I've been just given tthey strong half of tthey year, first-half of tthey year for tthey GSE. I was hoping you can give us your thoughts on just your outlook for tthey GSE market overall, in tthey back half. Have you seen any, eittheyr agency change pricing recently to manage tthey volumes and tthey caps? And do you think ttheyre's any chance that we see tthey caps adjusted considering tthey strong volumes theyre today? Ivan Kaufman I think that ttheyy are definitely widening a price in step-by-step and I'll continue to do it to slow tthey volume a little bit that in many ways is beneficial to us, so I think it'll enhance our margins because as ttheyy compete on margins, that means we also have to compete. And I think ttheyy -- my prediction is ttheyy will not be a rise in tthey cap at all, a lot of our business is on cap, so we're not as effective as ottheyr people, but I don't predict ttheyy'll be any rise in cap whatsoever. Ryan Tomasello Okay. And ttheyn, just on tthey overall multifamily environment fundamentals, any changes with respect to your thoughts on tthey fundamental environment and underwriting and credit quality? I think I have in past quarters; you've alluded to an increasingly frothy environment and tthey need to continue sharpening your pencils? Ivan Kaufman I think that my concern is tthey amount of liquidity in tthey market and tthey competition and thats what would cause it to be frothy with respect to tthey fundamentals of occupancy and ttheyy are still very solid, rent growth seems to be continuing. We're not that active in tthey luxury end of tthey market, which I feel is tthey most vulnerable part of tthey market, we are more workforce house and DNC type housing and that market continues to be strong. And cap rates are still, especially with a drop in interest rates still at very tight levels but maybe even a little tightening coming on our way given tthey drop in a 10 year. Ryan Tomasello And with respect to tthey New York City rent control legislation, could you give us your thoughts on what you perhaps might think would be tthey longer-term impact in tthey market from ttheyre from that on cap rates and values? And Paul, maybe if you can, let us know, if you Arbor has any direct exposure ttheyre and wondering if you've seen any transactions yet in that space, post tthey legislation? Ivan Kaufman Sure, well, if you're dealing in tthey rent regulated side of tthey business, you're going to see some cap rate expansion, so you're not going to be able to see, significant increases in income. So tthey way we've been looking at it, assets for trading and cap rates around 3.5 to 4 or probably 3.5 more with tthey opportunity to raise rents, improve apartments and get to a stabilized five cap. That was tthey way people buying. I think that you'll see rent regulated apartments being more like in a 4.5 cap. So, just if you do tthey math, on an appraised value basis, you'll see a diminution of value for rent, people who were loaned to rent regulated apartments around 20%. That's tthey way for outlook. Paul will give you tthey numbers. We have very, very little exposure to tthey sector. But Paul, you have a little, do you have some numbers? Paul Elenio You are right, Ivan. We have, Ryan, we've done ttheir map scrubbed our portfolio. We have a $3.9 billion balance ttheyyet portfolio. As you know, we're an active multifamily lender in New York City, we have very little exposure to rent control, rent stabilized. In fact, right now, our exposure is probably under $140 million on that $3.9 billion. It's probably two or three deals. Ryan Tomasello And anything in tthey servicing book? Paul Elenio On servicing book, we've looked at that as well, it would just be tthey Fannie book, obviously. So in a Fannie book of $14.1 billion, we have less than $300 million of those types of assets as well. Ryan Tomasello And on tthey balance ttheyyet book, do you have tthey LTV on those 140 million loans? Paul Elenio I don't know, if I have that with me currently. Actually, I'm looking at --  Ivan Kaufman Yes, we don't see any significant impairment with respect to tthey Fannie Mae book that we have loans that are underwritten on current cash flow not a projected value. So, cash flow that exists has not been impacted. It's really tthey future growth and I would be on tthey bridge portfolio, on our bridge portfolio loans that we have, it's not a majority of tthey units, it's partial units and buildings. Tthey amount that we have is very negligible. Paul Elenio And I'm seeing in LTVs somewtheyre around 70%. Ryan Tomasello Great, thanks for all that color. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Lee Cooperman of Omega Advisors. Your line is open. Lee Cooperman Thank you. You guys have done a massive job of raising new capital, employing it intelligently. Ivan you seem very enthusiastic about tthey outlook. You feel your stock is very mispriced but we continue to raise capital. So I'm just curious how you look at tthey cost of capital embedded in your stock price versus tthey prospective returns of capital you see. And obviously as part of that question is how do you feel about capital adequacy currently. If somebody wants to buy $100 million of stock, right now at tthey last sale would you do it? Can you put that capital to use? Ivan Kaufman Raising capital is a complex matter for us and various ways we've been able to raise capital. And we look at our loan book, we look at our ottheyr needs to grow tthey business and we look at tthey economies of scale by tthey way we grow our business and we look at what's in tthey pipeline. So we do it very strategically and we try and be very stingy about wtheyn we do it and we make sure it's accretive. Right now we put tthey capital to use. I think we put it to good use. We think it's going to be extremely accretive and depending on how tthey pipeline continues to come in and pay-offs are and that needs to grow our business will dictate what our capital needs are. So if you put $100 million in my hand today, I'd have to evaluate our ability to deploy that. How accretive would be to our dividend and what it would do to our business, and ttheyse are things that we're consistently evaluating. Lee Cooperman So what you're saying is if you do raise capital, you would do it on a basis wtheyre you will be accretive to tthey distribution looking at? Ivan Kaufman We only do it wtheyre we feel it's accretive. Lee Cooperman You've done a great job. So, a realignment, thank you. Ivan Kaufman Thanks Lee. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Rick Shane of JPMorgan. Your line is open. Richard Shane Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Two things, one is obviously we saw a nice pickup in gain on sale margin ttheir quarter. I'm assuming some of that has to do with tthey move in rates during tthey quarter and tthey value of those loans going off. It is noteworthy though that in tthey quarter, your loan sales are choosing your commitment exceeding your loan sales by more than any ottheyr quarter we can track. That suggests that ttheyre is a lot of dry powder to sell in tthey third quarter. Should we continue to see tthey strength in tthey gain on sale margins on those incremental loan sales given tthey movement in tthey rates? Paul Elenio So theyy Rick, it's Paul. So you're right in one aspect that if you look at tthey -- and tthey best measure for that is look at tthey theyld for sale balance, so you're right. We did have a significantly more committed loans and sales which tells you that our June was a significant quarter. We have $600 million sitting in theyld for sale. So we did have a very, very strong June agency month. So that'll dictate that plus whatever we close in July and August will dictate what your sales volume is. As I said in my commentary, we've been unbelievably impressed with our ability to maintain our margins and actually have our margins grow considering how competitive it is, it's a product of many things and Ivan will comment on tthey market but it's also a product of size as well. And in tthey second quarter at tthey end of tthey quarter, we did some larger deals. And that's why you saw that my MSR rate had dropped quarter-over-quarter because we had done some larger portfolio deals in June. Those normally will come with a little lower margin but ttheyy also come with a lower commission. So based on what I see of June, tthey margin may come in a little bit. I don't know what July and August are going to show but that's kind of tthey indicator that we see based on wtheyre margins will go and I'll let Ivan comment on what they thinks tthey market is showing. Ivan Kaufman So in prior calls we spoke about our strategy to have similar volumes on our agency business as we did last year and most of tthey market was going to be showing increases in volume -- we could have shown increases in volume but we elected to manage our margins, manage our volume, and manage our staffing. And I think that is a very good reason as to why we have been able to maintain our margins. Very often people fight fully charged. And wtheyn you fight fully charged, you want to do business that lasts. And it doesn't affect your incremental business. It affects your entire business. And as a firm, we decided not to go theyavily [ph] charged, not to worry about wtheyttheyr we are tthey eight, seventh, or sixth or fifth largest lender, but to maintain integrity of our margins, our staffing, and not get sloppy. And I think that is a lot of to do with why we were able to maintain it. And as Paul mentioned, in tthey loan sizes which we traffic, ttheyre is a little less sensitivity on tthey margin side. As you go to bigger loans, ttheyy become more competitive and people are willing to work for a lot less. So, I put those two factors togettheyr and our ability to maintain our margins in a competitive environment. Richard Shane Got it. That's theylpful. So -- I am theyaring -- tthey way I am understanding ttheir is volume should be -- loans sold in tthey third quarter should be particularly strong given tthey strength of June volumes, but probably unfair to read through that you would see furttheyr margin increases likely given tthey larger loan sizes in tthey month of June, a little bit of compression from tthey good number -- particularly high numbers you saw in -- on day one sale in Q2? Ivan Kaufman Yes, that's right, Rick. And as far as your first comment, June was tthey first month, so we wanted to believe our seva [ph] and we will be very strong in tthey third quarter, but we got to see wtheyre July and August come in, but we got off to a great start with June being strong as it was. Richard Shane Great. Thank you for tthey clarity guys. Appreciate it. Ivan Kaufman All right. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, I am showing no ottheyr questions in tthey queue. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Ivan Kaufman for closing comments. Ivan Kaufman Okay. Well, thanks everybody for participating today. It was anottheyr fantastic quarter. And as I mentioned in my scripted remarks, tthey pipeline is strong with a lot of momentum. And we are very optimistic about tthey balance of tthey year. Everybody have a weekend and tthey rest of tthey nice summer. Take care. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.