Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q1 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call May 4, 2018 10:00 AM ET Executives Paul Elenio - CFO Ivan Kaufman - President and CEO Analysts Ryan Tomasello - KBW Rick Shane - JPMorgan Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Ben Zucker - BTIG Jade Rahmani - KBW Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey First Quarter 2018 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Paul Elenio, CFO. Sir, you may begin. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we'll discuss tthey results from tthey quarter ended March 31, 2018. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today’s call. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release, we started off 2018 with anottheyr tremendous quarter which continues to demonstrate tthey strength of our brand and tthey value of our operating franctheire. As a result, I'm extremely pleased to announce that we increased in our quarterly dividend from $0.21 to $0.25 a share, a $0.04 and 19% increase from tthey prior quarter and a 32% increase so far in 2018. Ttheir also represents our sixth dividend increase in tthey last eight quarters and a 67% increase over that time period. Our dividend is now an annual rate of $1 a share and based on our strong results and outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, we intend to pay $0.25 quarterly dividend for tthey rest of tthey year and evaluate our earnings performance at that time to determine tthey timing of our future dividend increases. Ttheir significant increase in our dividend reflects tthey tremendous success we have achieved from tthey full integration of our agency business acquisition. It has been roughly 2 years since we acquired tthey agency business and during tthey integration of that business, we purposely chose to be very conservative in our approach to growing our dividend until we could fully evaluate tthey significant benefit we would achieve from that acquisition. At ttheir point, as it become very clear that tthey impact of ttheir business has been exponential and extremely accretive comp earnings which is greatly exceeded our own expectations. Now, I would want to discuss tthey reasons why our earnings have been so strong and will continue to grow and wtheyre we can maintain our current dividend and evaluate potential opportunities to increase ttheir in tthey future. We have experienced tremendous growth in our agency originations volume which continues to generate strong margins. We produced record agency originations of 4.5 billion last year which was an increase of 19% from tthey prior year with an extremely strong pipeline. We remain confident in our originations volume for tthey balance of tthey year. Additionally our servicing portfolio has grown 40% since tthey acquisition, while we have been able to maintain a servicing fee of approximately 48 basis points. Ttheir portfolio generates a very significant long dated, predictable annuity of income of around 80 million growth annually and growing which is mostly prepayment for taxes. Ttheir income stream from our servicing portfolio combined with tthey fee income we generate from our originations has created significant diversity and a high level of certainty in our income sources. Due to tthey changes in tthey tax law that have permanently reduced corporate tax rates from 35% to 21%, we will also experience an increase in AFFO of around $0.04 to $0.06 a share annually. Additionally with respect to assets in our balance ttheyyet, we've experienced tremendous growth while our ottheyr lenders have been seeing reductions in ttheyir portfolios. We grew our balance ttheyyet investment portfolio 48% in 2017 and anottheyr 5% in tthey first quarter of 2018. We've also achieved significant economies of scale by substantially reducing our debt cost in all of bond facilities which has allowed us to maintain our margins and generate levered returns in excess of 13% in a very competitive market and outperformed our peers. And tthey income generated from ttheyse assets is a significant component of our earnings and we're confident in our ability to continue to grow ttheir income stream. In tthey first quarter, we also executed a very successful trade issuance $100 million of new five-year unsecured debt on a fixed rate of 5.625%. Tthey proceeds from ttheir issuance we used to repay of 7.375% unsecured debt instrument which will increase our annual AFFO by approximately $0.02 a share. Again, for all ttheyse reasons we are very comfortable with our current dividend and we've done a great job of diversifying our income streams and created certainty and growth within our business. Now I want to tell you why we are extremely undervalued and in great investment opportunity at ttheyse levels. First, from a theirtorical perspective prior to tthey announcement of tthey acquisition of our agency platform two years ago, we were trading at a dividend yield of approximately 9% based on a quarterly dividend of $0.15 a share. Today with a $1 per share annual dividend, if you apply tthey same preacquisition dividend yield analysis, we should be trading at approximately $11 a share. Furttheyrmore, our dividend is even more valuable today after tthey new tax law change that has substantially reduced tthey tax rate on REIT dividends. If you apply ttheir benefit to our theirtorical dividend yield, we should be trading at $12 a share. On top of that, today we are much more valuable company based on a more complete operating franctheire, significant and consistent increases to our earnings, our larger market cap, flow and liquidity and more predictable stable and long dated income stream. We also feel strongly that given a significant operating platform in GSE business we should be valued at a similar P/E ratio to all tthey public GSE platforms such as Walker & Dunlop, which will result in stock price more in tthey range of $13 to $15. We have a highly motivated dedicated senior management team who are fully aligned with over 30% inside ownership. Ttheir is clearly tthey higtheyst level of inside ownership in ttheir space and we're very committed to working extremely hard to continue to increase tthey value of our franctheire and maximize return to our shareholders. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you Ivan. As our press release ttheir morning indicated, we had a very strong first quarter with adjusted AFFO of $23.7 million or $0.28 per share and our first quarter results reflect an annualized return on average common equity of approximately 12%. As Ivan mentioned, we continue to put up record results and we are very pleased to have significantly increase our dividend again ttheir quarter anottheyr 19% to $0.25 a share. Looking at our results from our agency business, we generated approximately $19 million of income in tthey first quarter on nearly $1.1 billion in originations and loan sales. Tthey margins in our first quarter sales were 1.71% including miscellaneous fees compared to a 1.48 all-in margin on our fourth quarter sales largely due to changes in tthey mix and size of our loan products which include more FHA loan sales in tthey first quarter that produce a much higtheyr margin than ottheyr loan products. And we recorded commission expense of approximately 39% in tthey first quarter gain on sale as compared to 38% in our fourth quarter gains. We also recorded $19.6 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to $1 billion of committed loans during tthey first quarter representing an average mortgage servicing rights rates of around 1.88% compared to 1.77% on our fourth quarter committed loans of $1.2 billion. Ttheir is mainly due to some larger loans in tthey fourth quarter that generally have lower servicing fees. Sales margins and MSR rates fluctuate primarily by GSE loan type and size, ttheyrefore changes in tthey mix of loan origination volumes may increase or decrease ttheyse percentages in tthey future. Our servicing portfolio also grew anottheyr 3% during tthey quarter to $16.7 billion at March 31, with a weighted average servicing fee of approximately 48 basis points and an estimated remaining life of approximately eight years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a significant predictable annuity of income going forward around $80 million growth annually. Additionally early runoff in our servicing book continues to produce prepayment fees related to certain loans that have yield maintenance provisions. Ttheir accounted for $3.7 million in prepayment fees in tthey first quarter and $4.9 million in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheyse fees were recorded in servicing revenue, net of write-off for tthey corresponding MSR in ttheir loss. We also continue to increase our interest-earning deposits with nearly 500 million of escrow balances earning slightly less than one month LIBOR. Ttheyse balances provide a natural theydge against rising interest rate and ttheyy will generate significant additional earnings power as rates increase. In fact for every 1% increase in interest rates, ttheyse deposits could earn an additional $5 million annually or approximately $0.05 a share in additional earnings. We did have a large one-time non-cash income item during tthey quarter of approximately $12.5 million related to receiving basis on tthey $50 million of solid financing we repaid which was recorded as a deferred tax benefit in tthey first quarter. And as we discussed on our last call, tthey reduction in corporate tax rates from 35% to 21% will increase our after-tax earnings from tthey agency business and could contribute as much as an additional $0.04 to $0.06 a share to our AFFO for 2018. We also had anottheyr very strong quarter in our balance ttheyyet lending operation. We grew our investment portfolio of 5% to $2.8 billion on $314 million of new originations, net of approximately $191 million of run-off. Ttheir growth continues to increase our core earnings run rate and we remain extremely confident that through our deep originations network, we will be able to continue to grow our balance ttheyyet investment portfolio in tthey future. Our $2.8 billion investment portfolio had an all in yield of approximately 7.28% at March 31, which is up differently from tthey yield of around 6.99% at December 31, mainly due to an increase in LIBOR. Tthey average balance in our core investments increased to $2.7 billion for tthey first quarter from $2.3 billion for tthey fourth quarter due to tthey significant growth we experienced in tthey first and fourth quarters. And tthey average yield on ttheyse investments were 7.08% for tthey first quarter compared to 6.94% for tthey fourth quarter largely due to an increase in LIBOR partially offset by lower rates on fourth quarter originations, tthey full effect of which is reflected in tthey first quarter. Tthey debt in our core assets was approximately $2.5 billion at March 31, with in all-in debt cost of approximately 5.09% compared to debt cost of around 4.83% at December 31 mainly due to an increase in LIBOR. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities increased to approximately $2.3 billion for tthey first quarter from approximately $1.9 billion for tthey fourth quarter primarily due to financing our first quarter growth. And tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities was up to 5.33% for tthey first quarter compared to 4.66% for tthey fourth quarter for that's mainly due to $2.4 million of non-cash fees we expensed related to tthey early payoff of 738 unsecured debt with our new 558 unsecured debt instrument, as well as from an increase in LIBOR during tthey quarter. And as Ivan mentioned earlier, we do expect to replacement of our higtheyr cost unsecured debt with our new low-cost instrument to increase our AFFO by approximately $0.02 a share annually. Overall, net interest spreads in our core assets on a GAAP basis decreased to 1.77% ttheir quarter compared to 2.28% last quarter mainly due to non-cash fees expense in tthey first quarter from tthey early payoff for tthey debt and our overall spot net interest spreads was up to 2.19% at March 31, from 2.16% at December 31, and approximately 88% of our portfolio comprised of floating rate loans we will see an increase in interest income spreads as interest rates continue to rise in tthey future. And lastly tthey average leverage ratio in our core lending assets including tthey trust preferred and perpetual preferred stock as equity was up to approximately 76% in tthey first quarter from 72% in tthey fourth quarter largely due to our new convertible debt offering that closed late in tthey fourth quarter and our overall debt-to-equity ratio on a spot basis including tthey trust and preferred stock as equity was up to 2.2:1 at March 31, from 2.1:1 at December 31, all due to tthey issuance of our new five-year unsecured debt instrument in March, tthey proceeds of which were used to pay-off our higtheyr rate debt in April. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. And I'll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Jade Rahmani of KBW. Your line is open. Ryan Tomasello Ttheir is actually Ryan on for Jade thanks for taking tthey questions, and congrats on tthey strong quarter. Just at a high level in terms of tthey overall CRE market Ivan. How many rate hikes do you think that tthey market can absorb before we start seeing diminishing credit performance and I’m not just talking about for Arbor's portfolio but just your thoughts overall. It seems that we’re seeing a trend of decelerating NOI growth. So I think some are concerned that with tthey rate hikes that tthey market is forecasting we can start to see cap rates widen? Ivan Kaufman So what we have in our portfolio seen a deceleration of NOI is actually tthey NOIs above our underwritten forecasts even for last year. So while we may not see tthey kind of growth that we've seen theirtorically in tthey multifamily sector ttheyre has been a good level of stabilization. Wtheyttheyr that changes in 2018 or 2019, I’m not sure. Definitely we’ve seen a bump in tthey 10 year and ttheyre should be some level of corresponding change in cap rates. We haven't seen cap rates widen at all yet and keep in mind - wtheyre we are at least I am personally and active buyer of multifamily assets in tthey market. And ttheyre's still a lot of pressure on cap rates it hasn’t materially changed. So tthey real question is wtheyn on tthey multifamily sector are we going to see rent softened and vacancies softened, 2018 looks very solid at tthey moment. Tthey rise in interest rates we bumped over three we settled back down on tthey 10 year, that's been offset a little bit by tightening of spreads. I think spreads came in about 50 basis points. So it’s been about a - we estimate about a 50 basis points widening and borrowing costs on fixed rate debt and we haven't seen that much at ttheir point so that’s our overall view. Ryan Tomasello And just in terms of tthey overall market for Fannie Mae in tthey quarter, it looks like, for tthey marketing end, Fannie Mae delivery volumes were a bit soft, particularly in February and March. It looks like that weakness may have been timing related, partially due to tthey outsized January volumes a year ago, due to tthey caps. But just wondering what your thoughts were on tthey outlook for Fannie Mae being more competitive for tthey remainder of tthey year. Ivan Kaufman I think what we saw in tthey first quarter was people were a little bit shock and lot of refis maybe people kicked down tthey road as rates jumped up and were in tthey three level. So that might have stalled volume overall tthey market is extremely competitive. I do believe tthey agencies are going to come in maybe tthey market is 5% to 10% smaller than it was last year. So perhaps tthey agencies will be 5% to 10% less than ttheyy were last year. Ryan Tomasello And just finally can you discuss tthey current liquidity position and how you approach capital issuance and maybe just remind us of what target leverage is. It looks like tthey way we calculate debt to adjusted common equity is around three times today but looking at tthey balance ttheyyet for tthey structured business in particular would imply higtheyr leverage for that business or just wondering what your thoughts are on that and liquidity today? Ivan Kaufman I think we evaluated our pipeline, we’ve a pretty good size pipeline but that changes as we move forward and ttheyn it also changes based on tthey leverage that we’re able to obtain in tthey marketplace. Paul you have any comment on that. Paul Elenio I think that's right. Tthey leverage we’ve been hovering around Ryan it’s pretty much wtheyre we had it, we’ve been up a little bit because of tthey convert we mentioned that we did last quarter, but to me that's more of equity. But I think tthey leverage we’ve been obtaining on tthey borrowing for our assets has been pretty consistent and I think that leverage probably holds. As I think Ivan is right on tthey rest of tthey pipeline is wtheyre it is, we’ve got some big numbers in tthey pipeline and ttheyn it changes as we go. So right now we’re in really good shape from a pipeline perspective and from a leverage perspective we really like tthey leverage we have. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Rick Shane of JPMorgan. Your line is open. Rick Shane Wtheyn looking at our model one place wtheyre we see some variances is in terms of tthey employee expenses in tthey first quarter. Ttheyre was a pretty significant jump sequentially. I’m curious if ttheyre was anything seasonal related to bonuses or stock comp that we need to be thinking about ttheyre as we’ll find those estimates going forward? Paul Elenio And ttheyre was some things that were seasonal but tthey biggest item was that every first quarter of tthey year we do our annual stock grants to our employees and to tthey board. So that hit tthey numbers in tthey first quarter and it ends up in those comp and G&A numbers pretty significantly. And ttheyn also every year at ttheir time you have tthey FICA reset or tthey fringe reset for FICA. So FICA was up a lot in tthey first quarter that we think will settle back in tthey second quarter as people hit tthey FICA cap after ttheyy get ttheyir bonuses after tthey first quarter. So that does run up in tthey first quarter a little bit more than you’ll see in tthey ottheyr quarter. So those are tthey two items that are kind of seasonal and not really reflective in future quarters. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Steve Delaney of JMP Securities. Your line is open. Steve Delaney Ivan I'd like to pick up on your conversation with Ryan a minute ago, and its doesn’t seem unreasonable with GSE agency volumes might be down 5% to 10% but I guess tthey question I would ask to you is, if that’s tthey case do you think your volumes would be down 5% or so or do you think you have tthey ability to gain market share and eittheyr have flat or possibly even higtheyr agency volumes ttheir year? Ivan Kaufman I think that we operate in many different business lines and clearly tthey growth of our structured business is a little atheyad of wtheyre we thought. We're pretty confident wtheyre our pipeline is, we do a lot of small loans which is little bit more resilient to wtheyre volumes are. Our sales force is pretty engrained, its holding tone and possibly growing market share. We've also started sort of new lines of business we started a single family rental program which I don’t know if you saw we’re one of six people that we approved by Freddie Mac and we entering that marketplace. So I think given tthey nature of our business given tthey fact of how organic our sales people are in finance, we feel pretty comfortable with wtheyre our pipeline is even in a shrinking market to be able to outpace tthey rest of tthey market. Steve Delaney And kind of ties into my next question, tthey volume was down a little bit sequentially which you guys actually made more money in tthey first quarter than we you did in tthey fourth quarter and tthey sale margin higtheyr obviously was tthey driver. Tthey FHA business and tthey conduit lending business are those products that you expect some fairly consistent activity in and I am just curious if that activity which we haven’t seen quite as much of in tthey past is just tthey result of any new hirers or programs that you’ve put in place in recent quarters? Ivan Kaufman I mean we put a big investment into our FHA platform. It takes a long time for those loans to go through tthey system. We do expect significant growth on a percentage basis over last year. Tthey CMBS business is not really income driver it’s more on a combination type customers and keeps our sales guys in tthey fray - in tthey business sector that’s not something that ttheyy contribute dramatically in overall business. Getting back to your ottheyr comment, our business with Fannie Mae as a percentage of wtheyre ttheyy were off in ttheyir first quarter wtheyre we're slightly off we’re way atheyad of wtheyre ttheyy were off. So I think ttheyy were off maybe 20%, 25% relative to tthey prior quarter I’ll get those exact numbers. Paul Elenio 35% year-over-year. Ivan Kaufman So if you look at our numbers we are only about 10% so getting to wtheyre your market share is for Fannie Mae we’ve grown our market share with ttheym. So tthey numbers speak for ttheymselves. Steve Delaney And just final thing Paul I had to step away from desk whilst you were talking about escrow balances and if you gave a figure for which your current escrow balances are running, I miss that so if you could share that it will be theylpful? Paul Elenio Ttheyy're running around $500 million right now so and that’s a number we have and we’ve been hovering around ttheyre and we expect that to grow over time. And as we talked about Steve in tthey past, it’s a great natural theydge against interest rate rising because we’re earning pretty much a little bit less than LIBOR and as rates continue to rise that could be a meaningful contributor to our earnings. Steve Delaney No question, we’ll make sure we have linked to 30 day LIBR going forward with a little discount. Thank you both for your comments. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Ben Zucker of BTIG. Your line is open. Ben Zucker I think tthey general consistency in your volumes from tthey seasonally strong fourth quarter to tthey seasonally weak 1Q was pretty interesting. We've always theyard that tthey small balance borrowers much less sensitive to changes in interest rates than a larger loan borrower. So could you comment on what tthey market feels like right now and specifically I much more interested in your thoughts on tthey borrower for your GSE SBC loans rattheyr than your comments on bridge loan demand? Ivan Kaufman Sure I do believe that our delivery to Freddie Mac for tthey first quarter are atheyad of tthey pace that ttheyy were last year. So that business continues to grow and I believe we’re going to do more of Freddie Mac SPLs in 2018 than we did in 2017. So I think it speaks to that bar being little bit more consistent in tthey market, more resilient but more importantly what we’re seeing with tthey growth to tthey bar is that we’re continuing to grow that portfolio and ttheyir loyalty is very, very deep with Arbor. So those clients are growing, we’re growing with ttheym a little less sensitive to interest rate movements ttheyn ottheyr bar. So that's always been our strategy and its payroll for us. Paul Elenio I mean you talk about tthey first quarter from last year and I think we all know tthey first quarter from last year has some spill over from tthey prior year from tthey cash issues. And so to me I look at tthey first quarter versus tthey fourth quarter and ttheyy were almost identical a little bit down. So we're not seeing significant reductions at all right now in tthey volume. So we are actually pretty pleased to wtheyre we are ttheyn if we are able to duplicate ttheir number for tthey next few quarters and time will tell what we do up and down we would come in line may be even above what we did last year. So that’s wtheyre we targeted. Ben Zucker Could you quickly talk about tthey $42 million or so of CRE loans that you originated that were not tthey typical bridge product. I ctheycked tthey 10-Q quickly and I guess ttheyse were preferred equity type investments. But could you just give some color on ttheyse loans or ttheyse standalone preferred equity are ttheyy kind of contiguous with tthey senior loan you guys also provided? Paul Elenio Yes, we do - as we talked about in tthey past we’re probably 90% of our book is senior debt, tthey ottheyr 10% is mezzanine and PE. We did have one loan during tthey quarter that was a PE investment, tthey rest were all bridge loans as Ivan will tell you we do traffic in that space as well and provide liquidity to our borrowers in those areas. It’s not a huge part of our book but it is about 10% of our book so ttheir quarter we had less than that but we had one loan that was PE investment. Ivan Kaufman Ttheyre were still repeat borrower who we doing business with for 10 years and very comfortable with that particular borrower and New York City assets which were pretty pleased about. So it's not something we do every quarter, its part of our lines of business that we do we’re very active with. Ben Zucker Just part of offering tthey full suite of products for your borrowers and ttheyn just real quickly as clean up I feel like I have to ask ttheir but based on tthey new dividend level $0.25 per quarter, would it be fair to assume that on a forward full quarter basis that you would expect to earn at least $1 in FFO and I asked us understanding that tthey GSE business will have its natural fluctuations so tthey earnings trend might not be linear necessarily but just generally speaking? Ivan Kaufman We’re very, very profitable with that on a go forward basis and we still feel ttheyre a lot of different avenues with tthey company just like each quarter we come out with ways that wtheyre we save money wtheyttheyr it be through issuing debt or taxes or whatever. So we're real comfortable with that we’re comfortable with wtheyre our pipeline is we’re four months into tthey year with actually a pipeline. So we kind of know wtheyre we are for tthey next two months which we’ve taken care of half tthey year. So, we wouldn't have done that to be aggressive, we did that in tthey same manner that we raised our dividend theirtorically. Paul Elenio And I want to echo that thought from Ivan that we do not give guidance on our numbers as you know we never would have put tthey dividend at $0.25 if we didn’t feel extremely confident that we’re earnings at least that number if not more. So, we certainly are very, very confident in that number that’s not a number we’re growing into that number we have and so very confident with that. Ben Zucker Well, I think that investors should be very happy to theyar that so congrats on anottheyr strong quarter and impressive dividend increase. Operator And we do have a follow up question from tthey line of Jade Rahmani of KBW. Your line is open. Jade Rahmani Just on theyad count, can you say how that’s trended over tthey past few quarters or a year in both tthey structured and agency side. Maybe how many originators you have on tthey balance ttheyyet business and how many brokers you have on tthey GSE side? Ivan Kaufman Paul would give you tthey numbers but I want to state my overall philosophy what I'd like to accomplish ttheir year. Up until ttheir year tthey whole industry has grown dramatically and we've grown at a rate of at least 20% per year. Ttheir is going to be tthey first year wtheyre tthey rest of tthey industry should be somewhat flat to declining. I am hoping that we should be able to achieve certain economies through not having to chase our people and pay extraordinary amounts to retain people in an environment. So tthey benefit you get to a class of declining industry as tthey opportunity to really take a look at your payroll, take a look at your expenses, and tighten ttheym up but I'll get tthey numbers back to Paul to deal with. Paul Elenio So I think tthey numbers as Ivan said we're really looking ttheir year to generate significant economies of scale we already started that but tthey numbers are on tthey structured side we probably added 8% to 10% increase in theyadcount year-over-year. On tthey agency side it’s more like 12% to 14% but a lot of that has to do with tthey growth in servicing portfolio as well. So I think tthey way we look at ttheir is we're going to get significant economies of scale both in tthey structured business as that portfolio at 2.8 billion grows we will do it obviously with less incremental cost and will get economy of scale ttheyre.  And as our servicing portfolio continues to grow, you don't need add one body for every loan you’re originating. So obviously we’ll get economies of scale ttheyre. So theirtorically ttheyy've been around 8 to 10 on tthey structured, 12 to 14 on tthey agency, but I still think will be able to do better than that going forward. Operator Thank you. And at ttheir time I am showing no furttheyr question. I’d like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Ivan Kaufman for closing remarks. Ivan Kaufman All right. Thank you everybody for participating on our call. And clearly it’s been an extraordinary quarter for us and we look forward to a great year. Have a nice day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.