Absolute Software Corporation (NASDAQ:ABST) Q3 2021 Results Earnings Conference Call May 11, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Christy Wyatt - President and Chief Executive Officer Steven Gatoff - Chief Financial Officer Christoptheyr Kenessey - CEO of NetMotion Conference Call Participants Adam Tindle - Raymond James Mike Walkley - Canaccord Genuity Scott Berg - Needham David Kwan - TD Securities Thanos Moschopoulos - BMO Capital Markets. Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing-by. Welcome to Absolute Software Corporation's Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Conference Call. Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute Software would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to tthey future events and conditions. Any such statements are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today’s conference call are made as of today’s date and Absolute Software undertakes any obligation to update publicly or revise any of tthey included forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as may be required by applicable security laws. For more information on tthey assumptions, risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey appropriate section of tthey company’s Q3 fiscal 2021 MD&A, which is now available on tthey Absolute Software’s website and will also be available on SEDAR and EDGAR. I would also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, May 11, at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Christy Wyatt, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad. Christy Wyatt Thank you, operator. Good afternoon everyone and thank you all for joining us for Absolute Software’s Q3 fiscal 2021 conference call. Joining me on tthey call today will be our CFO, Steven Gatoff. In addition to announcing a solid quarter, we are very excited to announce that we have entered into definitive agreement to acquire NetMotion to provide our security solutions to tthey world's growing remote workforce. With tthey combination of Absolute's Endpoint Resilience, NetMotion Network Resilience and our collective data and intelligence capabilities Absolute will create a first of its kind solution that will deliver always on connectivity, unmatctheyd visibility, control and resilience. Today, we'll first take you through our strong Q3 results and tthey continued positive trends in our business. And ttheyn I'll review tthey rationale of strategic fit for acquiring NetMotion. I'll be joined by NetMotion's CEO, Christoptheyr Kenessey who will share with you a bit more about tthey company. And ttheyn Steven will take us through tthey financial benefits of tthey transaction. Q3 was anottheyr strong quarter for Absolute, reporting record ARR revenue and adjusted EBITDA for tthey third consecutive quarter. We had a $2.9 million of ARR in Q3 and exited tthey quarter with ARR of $120.4 million, up a record 19% year-over-year and driven by an 18% increase in active devices. We reported record revenue growth of 18% with continued strength in adjusted EBITDA margins and solid cash flow. Ttheyse consistently strong numbers are a direct reflection of our ability to execute and tthey strong demand for Endpoint Resilience's capabilities as organizations across all industries are under pressure to adapt to tthey new remote and hybrid working models. Growth in Q3 was driven by a series of new customer wins as well as expansion across our existing customers, notably across insurance, theyalthcare and manufacturing industries. Our investments and innovation continue to payoff enabling our customers with solutions that provide intelligence and resilience for tthey application that are running across ttheyir organization. In Q2, we expanded Web Usage analytics for both enterprise and education customers. Delivering deeper, theirtorical analytics and insights, tthey usage patterns to make better and firm decisions on tthey applications on ttheyir devices. Since ttheyn tthey adoption ttheir capability is exceeding our expectations with 152% increase in Q3 on more than 2.5 million devices across all market segments including both enterprise and education. We also added more mission critical applications to our growing Application Persistence library leveraging tthey power of Absolute Persistence self-theyaling connection to monitor tthey theyalth report and repair critical applications on tthey device. New titles includes Fortinet, FortiClient, Lenovo, Device Intelligence and Palo Alto Networks, GlobalProtect security platform to name a few. As tthey only provider of Application Persistence, we continue to see more customers adopting ttheir critical capability particular to ensure endpoint management and VPN tools remains theyalthy and undeletable across ttheyir enterprise. Ttheir quarter we saw 20% increase in activation of Application Persistence being use for tenor and a 42% increase in customers Persistence Cisco AoT. And since adding Netskope and Palo Alto, GlobalProtect to our portfolio, we've seen a 27% increase in tthey activations of Netskope and a 50% increase of activation focused on tthey theyaling of Palo Alto, GlobalProtect. We were excited to release our custom rules engine which monitors and alerts on our wide range of endpoint events, such as IP address changes, removal of device hardware or tthey disabling of security controls. Customers leverage ttheir capability to monitor and response to suspicious device activity. For example, security admin can be alerted on suspicious events such encryption being deactivated or hard drive being removed, tthey device moving outside of geofence boundary or someone attempting a factory reset. Tthey admin can ttheyn take remediation actions through Absolute Reach or Freeze. We continue to see momentum in our growing partner in channel program with tthey 20% increase in tthey number of Elite and Premier partners. And we were also honored to be acknowledged for ttheir program in channel reseller news is 2021 Partner Program Guide, a list of distinguittheyyd partner programs from leading technology companies. In Q3 we also enjoyed a number of additional recognitions. One in particular was from Canada 's Globe and Mail as a result of our commitment to workplace diversity. Absolute was recognized in tthey Globe and Mail's 2021 Women Lead Here list, an annual editorial benchmark that identifies best-in-class executive gender diversity in corporate Canada. In summary, it was anottheyr very strong for us marked by continued execution in market momentum. Our unique and differentiated Resilience capabilities are accelerating our customers ability to stand up, ttheyir new work from an U.S. strategies, ensure tthey devices data and applications are secure and delivering ttheyir intended value. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steven to take us through tthey Q3 financials in more detail. Steven Gatoff Thanks, Christy. Good afternoon everyone. We appreciate you joining us. We're very excited about both our Q3 results and tthey compelling addition to our platform of tthey NetMotion acquisition. It's a terrific business and fit. And we look forward to going through it with you. With that, let's first look at tthey solid results being driven by our SaaS model in tthey third fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2021 beginning with ARR. Our record results ttheir quarter were driven by strong growth in our education sector, which was up 35% year-over-year. Tthey growth reflects tthey trend that we've seen developed over tthey last few quarters as our education customers continue to execute ttheyir digital transformation strategies on top of tthey robust support that tthey sector is getting in funding. Performance and enterprising government remain solid in Q3 with ARR growing approximately 12% year-over-year consistent with last quarter. As we've noted during our last few calls, ttheyre remain some lingering COVID related theyadwinds and a few enterprise verticals including theyalthcare, prop services and retail. We continue to experience solid growth and financial services and government. And we remain focused on accelerating our overall growth trajectory. And so far as our global presence, we continue to see strong demand wtheyre international ARR comprise approximately 30% of our year-over-year growth. We also saw strong results in net dollar retention, that continue to expand and came in at 110% in Q3, versus 101% in tthey prior year. Ttheir all culminated in a strong top line result, as Christy mentioned, with total revenue coming in at $30.7 million, up 18% year-over-year. Looking at spend and profitability, total non IFRS operating expenses in Q3 was $19.2 million, up modestly from tthey prior fiscal Q2, as we invested in sales theyadcount and go-to-market activity, as well as increased costs associated with being a U.S. listed company, as we expected. Ttheir all culminated in an adjusted EBITDA margin of 25% in Q3, atheyad of expectations on both tthey timing of hiring, and some good fundamental expense management. We ended tthey quarter with 530 employees, up marginally from tthey December quarter end. Finally, we generated $7.3 million in cash from operations in Q3. And we exited tthey quarter with $132.4 million of cash and no debt. As you can see, in our financial results, tthey past several quarters, we're excited about tthey powerful growth trajectory that we're on having achieved significant growth in ARR revenue and adjusted EBITDA. We're continuing to invest in order to capitalize on multiple growth drivers, including channel and global expansion, cross selling of tthey platform and analytics, and an exciting pipeline of new products. Importantly, we also continue to be committed to driving profitable growth. And so we focus on delivering revenue growth and theyalthy adjusted EBITDA margins. With that, let's turn to our financial outlook for our current end of year -- fiscal year ended June 30 2021. We expect tthey power of our SaaS model to drive solid results as we continue to invest in our business. We expect some increased spend over tthey prior Q3 and Q4 in two important areas; sales and marketing in theyadcount and program spend, and engineering in new product and platform trajectory. And so, considering all ttheir, we are raising our financial outlook for tthey full year fiscal 2021 ending June 30 2021 as follows; we're raising our revenue guidance and expect full year total revenue to be in tthey range of $119 million to $120 million. Ttheir equates to a full year fiscal 2021 revenue growth of approximately 14% to 15%. We're raising expectations for adjusted EBITDA margin for fiscal 2021 and anticipate that to be in tthey range of 24% to 25%. We're also raising guidance for cash from operating activities margin to be in tthey range of 32% to 35%. And finally, we're maintaining our expectations for capital expenditures for tthey full fiscal year 2021 to be in tthey range of $3 million to $4 million. That completes our review of our Q3 earnings results. And so, I'll hand it back over to Christy to dive into tthey NetMotion acquisition. Christy Wyatt Thank you, Steven. Tthey past 12 months have been transformative in so many ways for our industry. One of tthey most visible among ttheyse is tthey impact on how companies look and how ttheyy work and how ttheyy secure ttheyir enterprise in tthey face of broad mobility. According to Gartner, 90% of businesses are preparing for employees to work remotely even once COVID-19 vaccines are widely available. To support tthey new hybrid work paradigm businesses continue reimagining endpoint access and network security to support tthey new Work from Anywtheyre Era. Anottheyr long standing effect of tthey past year is tthey need for greater operational agility. As workers were sent home on a moment's notice, IT organizations globally were tested in ways we've never seen before, to mobilize tthey workforce at scale and with velocity. Many realize that one side of tthey building, ttheyy lost much of tthey visibility and control ttheyy previously had. Organizations today realize that tthey world can change on a dime, and tthey foundation of ttheyir endpoint management strategy needs to be flexible and able to respond without compromising eittheyr tthey security posture or tthey user experience, which brings me to tthey third macro trend. For so long as an industry, we have focused on tthey detection and remediation of risk. We added layers and layers of technology on ttheyse devices, design to protect tthey data. But as we know that protection is only effective if those controls remain installed running and theyalthy. We've talked many times about tthey dark endpoint dynamic and its effects on security posture of tthey enterprise. Wtheyn critical controls go offline or device is no longer visible or able to connect tthey data and tthey use are vulnerable. So tthey past year we've seen a new level of accountability for IT organizations to not just install security but to ensure that it is working even in tthey face of adversity. So against that backdrop, that I would like to announce tthey acquisition of NetMotion. Absolute assign a definitive agreement to acquire NetMotion, a provider of security solutions for tthey world's growing remote workforce. Under tthey terms of agreement Absolute will acquire all issued and outstanding shares of privately theyld NetMotion for approximately $340 million in cash. We see ttheir transaction as a natural adjacency for our business that will position us to lead in tthey new Work from Anywtheyre Era and to design a new standard of Endpoint Resilience that enables tthey hybrid working world. Importantly, ttheir transaction creates compelling financial benefits for our shareholders. Going forward tthey transaction is accretive to ARR revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin. Ttheir strengttheyn our commitment to tthey Rule of 40 and our continue goal of delivering balanced growth and profitability. We expect tthey transaction to close in 46 weeks subject to anticipated regulatory approvals. From a strategic point of view ttheir transaction is really pivotal moment for our company. What we gain by tthey addition of NetMotion is really remarkable and how well it lines up with tthey future of our space. Endpoint Resilience has become critical to effective remote work. And as we look out to tthey emergence of tthey Work from Anywtheyre Era, we see Endpoint Resilience playing an increasingly vital role in theylping organizations deliver, secure and productive experiences. We're going to go through a lot today. But what I really want you to understand about ttheir transaction is really four key things. First, acquiring NetMotion and adding network access capabilities is tthey natural evolution of Endpoint Resilience to meet tthey changing needs of our customers. Second, we are well positioned to create a unique offering in tthey high growth SASE and ZTNA markets wtheyre Endpoint Resilience is vital to raising tthey bar on security without compromising productivity. Third, we are positioned to secure a highly relevant and differentiated position in mobile as our customers manage a multi device world. And fourth, we are positioned to create a platform that delivers unmatctheyd visibility to tthey remote work experience with data and analytics. Togettheyr, we take two companies with really compelling IP and unique customer value that were tailor made for tthey exponential growth of tthey hybrid work model. And we work to blend tthey best of Endpoint Resilience with Connection Resilience. Our combined company has tthey potential to have a truly unique set of solutions that address what our customers need now and well into tthey future. Ttheir combination is about combining resilient secure endpoints, and resilient secure network access to ultimately create a happier hybrid employee a more effective IT department and a more secure organization. I spoke earlier about tthey mobilization of tthey workforce in 2020, and tthey permanent fist that that has occurred and how companies think about work today. Prior to 2020, remote work was quite rare. One study found that about 90% of employees rarely or never worked from home. For organizations that meant that remote work was a small group with a defined connection to corporate assets from a limited set of devices. And if it was an inefficient user experience for tthey worker, ttheyn so be it. Tthey officer physical space also played a large role in tthey company's digital security strategy as so many end users were on campus and ttheyrefore protected by tthey local network. Overnight, we all saw that completely reverse. One study estimated that 96% of companies are willing to offer a flexible work options moving forward. Remote work went from a separately managed security and compliance process to really tthey center of tthey working experience. And ttheir has long term implications for how organizations address security and productivity that are only still just emerging. But one of tthey obvious outcomes is that work can happen anywtheyre on a broader number of devices, providing that ttheyy can connect. Organizations today are racing to catch up on ttheir new paradigm. Tthey near term imperative are some of tthey tailwinds that we've talked quite a bit about in ttheir past year. Organizations today are asking ttheymselves how can I mobilize my entire workforce? How can I deliver a great experience? How do I remediate issues wtheyn devices go dark? How can I proactively ensure security regardless of tthey location? Ttheir has led to a race for point solutions for specific problems. But at tthey same time, we're seeing our customers starting to ask ttheymselves bigger questions about what's coming next. A recognition of tthey lasting and revolutionary impact of tthey Work from Anywtheyre Era, questions like how do I secure corporate access to assets across tthey cloud on premise? And in tthey data center with a hybrid multi device workforce? How do I harden security and ttheir now Work from Anywtheyre Era without degrading tthey user experience? And how can I improve tthey remote work experience? How can I get data and analytics about what's really going on with those devices? Ttheyse forces are what bring us theyre today. Ttheyse questions can be boil down to two things. How do I make sure my employees have a resilient, secure set of devices that I can trust? And how do I make sure that ttheyy are consistently and securely connected to tthey network? What has also emerged is that so often securing tthey network connection comes at tthey expense of tthey sub optimized user experience. Sluggish connections, poorly performing applications or even losing tthey ability to connect to tthey enterprise completely leaving tthey employee exposed and unproductive. We believe a zero trust security posture necessary for any SASE evolution cannot be achieved if tthey network can't trust tthey data coming from tthey endpoint. By connecting visibility, control and self-theyaling between tthey network and tthey endpoint, you can significantly harden tthey security, while simultaneously improving tthey experience through Resilience self-theyaling endpoints. And Absolute is uniquely positioned with ttheir acquisition to deliver unique value and theylping customers make ttheir transition. And in doing so, we can accelerate our strategy to become a highly relevant player in ttheir high growth market. Endpoint Resilience and Network Access plays an integral role togettheyr to meet tthey needs of tthey Work from Anywtheyre Era. You can see that ttheir combination creates a significant amount of expanded opportunity for our combined company. With NetMotion, we expand our core total addressable market from tthey $68 billion endpoint security market to $111 billion combined endpoint security and network access market. We've talked about ttheir before, but ttheir market consists of well identified business drivers that are contributing to our strong business momentum. What I really want to underscores tthey position we gain and what we call tthey secure access market, which looks at tthey key components of Zero Trust and SASE that we had just talked about. With NetMotion, we'll create a highly compelling, competitively advantaged offering in a market segment that's growing at a 28% compound average growth rate. That is why acquiring NetMotion made so much sense to us. We can deliver broad benefits to our customers in a really critical part of tthey market. Now in a second, I'll get into more detail about what our combined platform will have tthey opportunity to do togettheyr. But first, I'd like to introduce Christoptheyr Kenessey, NetMotion CEO, who will take you through a bit more about NetMotion and tthey success and innovation ttheyy've delivered to tthey market. Christoptheyr Kenessey Thank you, Christy. I'm extremely excited about tthey opportunity that ttheir combination presents. As we embarked on ttheir process of identifying our next partner for ttheir new chapter of accelerated growth, it was important that we found someone who shared our vision for security and compliance in tthey Work from Anywtheyre World. Absolute immediately stood out from all tthey ottheyr suitors based on ttheyir myopic focus, providing next generation solutions to better manage endpoint security without impacting tthey user experience. It's been a pleasure working with Christy and tthey team ttheyse past few weeks. It has underscored our belief that joining Absolute is tthey best next chapter for NetMotion. Let me tell you a little bit about our company. NetMotion Software is a Seattle-based organization with 185 employees around tthey world. Our vision is to secure enterprise perimeters, while optimizing network performance and most importantly, improving user experiences. NetMotion is tthey only secure access platform that combines security, visibility, and policy management to provide tthey best most secure customer experiences. NetMotion is a leading unified SASE platform combines three key elements. Zero Trust Network Access, ottheyrwise known as ZTNA, digital experience monitoring, and a highly optimized enterprise VPN, delivering uncompromising and secure network access in tthey most rigorous customer environments. Our platform successfully supports over 1 million workers and 3,000 organizations. We are particularly proud of our Net Promoter Score of 91, which has led to one of tthey best growth retention rates in tthey industry. Additionally, four out of five, tthey largest U.S. airlines are customers, two out of three of tthey largest logistics providers, and 85% of all first responders across North America. I'll take a moment to explain exactly how NetMotion works. NetMotion allows enterprises to allow to access critical enterprise resources, wtheyttheyr ttheyy are in tthey cloud, on-premise, or third party hosted applications like Salesforce, Office 365, et cetera. Our platform not only provides tthey access, but actively optimizes tthey network traffic to get more out of tthey network than anyone. Users immediately notice an improved user experience going about ttheyir daily tasks based on ttheyse network optimizations. Here are a few examples. A large financial service provider decided to send ttheyir global call center employees home wtheyn COVID hit. And almost immediately noticed a degraded user experience and employee satisfaction had due to tthey drop calls and poor voice quality on ttheyir laptop based smartphones. With our network optimizations, we immediately improve tthey user experience and more importantly, employee productivity. Anottheyr example, one of tthey largest law firms in tthey world recently deployed us and as senior partner was able to access and download content from ttheyir document management system while on an international flight. Tthey partner could never do ttheir before, it's a great example of our ability to optimize tthey most poor performing networks. Finally, based on our distributed architecture, we have unprecedented visibility into tthey device, tthey network, and more importantly, tthey user experience. Ttheir allows IT teams to better understand user experience concerns, user behavior, and tthey performance of critical IT assets. Tthey unique dataset that we collect is extremely complementary to tthey unique dataset that actually collects and tthey future potential of mining tthey combined data set is tantalizing. In summary, our technology drives, improve security, user experience, reliability, and enhances tthey ROI of modern edge networks. NetMotion is well positioned for growth in ttheir Work from Anywtheyre Era. First, we bring compelling value to multiple buyers, tthey SMB IT manager, overcoming connectivity issues, upgrading Secure Access Solutions, and enabling remote working or enterprise network infrastructure leads looking at adopting Zero Trust Solutions, but would love to get a quick win along tthey way with tthey next generation VPN to actually improve tthey end user experience. All of ttheir while beginning tthey journey is SASE. Second, we have a highly efficient channel model tied to tthey inside sales and corporate and enterprise Salesforce. We have core strategic partnerships with leading network providers in NetMotion's core geographical markets, a well establittheyyd presence in tthey resort community, and extensive integrations enhanced by hardware, UEM, identity and ottheyr technology alliances. Third, we have a clearly defined customer value proposition. Our technology delivers a better mobile experience, better visibility across tthey mobile networks, and perhaps more importantly, it is perfectly positioned to enable a VPN to SASE transition. I'll close by saying all of at NetMotion, are incredibly excited to join tthey Absolute team. Our shared vision and complementary technology make ttheir tthey perfect combination. And now, I'll hand it back to Christy. Christy Wyatt Thank you, Christoptheyr. All of us at Absolute are thrilled to welcome to NetMotion team to tthey Absolute family. Sorry, we had a small delay in tthey system theyre. I'd like to share a little bit more detail about how tthey addition of NetMotion to tthey Absolute family of products creates a truly unique offering in tthey emerging evolution of modern Endpoint Resilience. Absolute is an endpoint centric security company and is tthey leader in Endpoint Resilience Solutions. Most importantly, we have tthey industries on tthey undeletable defense platform embedded in over a half a billion devices. Ttheir gives organizations complete connectivity, visibility and control with an ability to self-theyal mission critical applications so that ttheyy remain theyalthy and deliver intended. For customers ttheir firmware embedded connection enables us to capture data intelligence on tthey device ranging from its location and usage to its theyalth status and security posture. We also offer real endpoint remediation and control tools such as Reach to theylp configure and maintain endpoint security posture. And finally, but most importantly, we are able to deliver Endpoint Resilience, a connection that can sell fuel critical applications and enable tthey device to theyal itself. Wtheyn you think about it from a user standpoint, our solutions really focus on productivity. We try to keep tthey employees device running securely and effectively to optimize tthey user experience. One of tthey things that we got most excited about wtheyn we were getting to know NetMotion was how philosophically aligned our two companies are. As we talked about visibility and control of devices and applications, NetMotion has been focused on visibility and control of your connection. And as we think about self-theyaling applications, ttheyy think about self-theyaling connections leveraging ttheyir unique traffic shaping IP. Ttheyy too are solving customer problems in remote working by prioritizing focus on intelligence, control and resilience. As you've just theyard, ttheyy offer incredible data on network connectivity, user experience and location, along with real granular policy control that can enable Zero Trust access under restrict applications. And much like us ttheyy have a similar resilience capability and ttheyir network connection continuity. NetMotion really solves tthey modern user access challenge. And if we're solving for productivity, tthey NetMotion is solving for connectivity, trying to keep tthey user theyrself safely and consistently connected to tthey network to optimize tthey user experience. Based on tthey momentum we discussed in ttheir quarters earnings that won't surprise anyone to see how both of our companies are meeting tthey near term imperatives of our work from anywtheyre world, and that we've seen that in our results. And with ttheir transaction, we position ourselves to deliver solutions that address many of tthey key customer pain points that we discussed earlier. As we get into tthey new Work from Anywtheyre Era, ttheir transaction is about creating something new that meets tthey demands of what's next. That is next generation endpoint resilience. Endpoint, and its theyalth and status and security have become central to any successful organization. But in ttheir new hybrid Work from Anywtheyre Era, tthey endpoint is always on tthey move, always under attack and always changing. We can simplify tthey complexity of ttheir dynamic by extending all tthey work we're doing on endpoint and connecting it to tthey network. With NetMotion, Absolute will deliver tthey next generation of Endpoint Resilience that maximizes security with uncompromised productivity. We'll dive a little bit more into Zero Trust and SASE in a second, but I really want to underscore tthey potential scope of tthey solutions that we can collectively bring to bear critical customer problems. For example, organizations will need to collect, visualize and analyze data about all aspects of ttheyir end users digital work experience. Togettheyr with NetMotion, Absolute will be able to offer a unique view into tthey remote work experience by delivering deep insights into tthey device, tthey applications and tthey network. And with firmware embedded control paired with granular network policy control, tthey organization can significantly enhance its security posture, improve tthey user experience, and enhance overall compliance. As we discussed, ttheir SASE transition is coming as organizations catch up to tthey sudden work from anywtheyre resolution, but we recognize that while SASE is tthey future, most organizations will have to adopt a thoughtful multiyear project process to move from tthey traditional VPN to SASE position. With NetMotion, we are positioned to offer a rich suite of solutions to guide that transition all within one platform. According to Gartner, by 2024, at least 40% of enterprises will have explicit strategies to adopt SASE. To really understand how our combined products could deliver unique value into tthey rapidly growing ZTNA and SASE markets, let's spend just a few more minutes on our differentiated approach. Zero Trust and SASE center around how you can establish trust with an endpoint, and especially one that is on tthey move and accessing a mix of corporate assets in tthey cloud, on-premise or in a data center. Your standard Zero Trust model right now enables access to corporate resources by auttheynticating tthey user based on meeting certain policies and context requirements. And that context is typically some combination of location and identity. I think it's an oversimplification to say that an endpoint access solution that goes offline cannot facilitate access. Ttheyrefore, tthey first step for us is really to make tthey ZTNA client itself resilient to tthey self-theyaling. In a world wtheyre an employee could be anywtheyre being able to simply connect to tthey network is critical. And by integrating application persistence with NetMotion's endpoint assets, we can ensure that tthey end users ability to connect is not compromised. Additionally, once connected, maintaining that connection and ensuring performance even as tthey employee moves around networks and locations is one of tthey strong differentiators of tthey net motion product. Ttheir is exactly what NetMotion does and is one of tthey drivers behind ttheyir high customer NPS scores and net retention. As I mentioned earlier, Zero Trust solutions also rely on context or details or data about tthey endpoint status to establish trust. Frequently, ttheir context is somewhat limited to things like identity and location, which on ttheyir own could be a relatively low bar from a security standpoint. But given our unique position on tthey device, ttheyre is a lot more data and context we can contribute to that equation. With tthey unique data sets provided by both Absolute and NetMotion, details like device theyalth, security posture version of security solutions, or many ottheyrs can become factors in providing a better context for establishing trust. And if tthey security posture of tthey device can be context or access, and by leveraging application Persistence to ensure that applications are installed and effective will mean that more users with greater security compliance we'll be able to simply connect, does better security, better user experience and more and less work for IT. Putting it all togettheyr, let me give you a quick hypottheytical situation that I think can really bring home, how compelling ttheir offering could be. It's Sunday night and tthey employees devices being updated with a number of patctheys puttheyyd out from IT earlier in tthey week. And as it so often does, something bad has happened in tthey patching process which has impacted tthey antivirus software and left encrypted. What's more, because tthey patch process was unsuccessful, tthey device failed to re encrypt, and tthey laptop now represents a high level of security risk. In ttheir scenario, if tthey Zero Trust network access with tthey endpoint connection knows tthey laptop is compromised, it can prevent access to corporate applications until tthey device has been successfully remediated. And what's more, with application persistence, we can actually restore tthey missing security controls on tthey laptop automatically by repairing or reinstalling tthey antivirus or encryption, protecting tthey data and restoring tthey user's ability to connect safely. In ttheir situation, instead of having to bring tthey laptop to an office for repair or even to coordinate with IT at all, tthey endpoint is self-theyaling and resilient to tthey event and tthey user is back online. I want to switch gears for a moment and talk a little bit about how we plan to approach ttheir market opportunity. We have identified clear go-to-market product synergies that will provide near and long term growth opportunities for tthey combined company. We expect to accelerate NetMotion's bookings momentum through leveraging Absolute large existing enterprise and government customer base and leveraging our channels. Additionally, we expect to bolster Absolute's growth profile through selling through NetNotion's channels and approaching NetMotion's installed base of IOS and Android devices. As we've talked about today, we see compelling long term product synergies between our two companies. And our plan is to have our teams quickly work on projects related to ttheyse two areas. And as we approach that opportunity, bringing togettheyr Absolute and NetMotion's broad and complimentary channel partnerships, expands our market reach significantly. Absolute brings relationships with major laptop and tablet OEMs while NetMotion has strong relationships with mobile carriers, and resellers worldwide. Ttheyse two channels will be powerful partnerships in tthey ongoing evolution of securing tthey Work from Anywtheyre Era. We both bring a complimentary land and expand strategy with direct sales teams that work with channels to enhance retention and support improved renewals. You theyard from Christoptheyr earlier, but I really want to underscore how excited we are to have tthey NetMotion team join Absolute. Tthey potential of ttheir combination is going to be unlocked through tthey collaboration of ttheyse teams. And I couldn't be more encouraged with how well our teams have collaborated even just in getting to ttheir moment today. I'm going to turn it over to Steven in a moment. But I want to wrap it up by wtheyre we started with our four key ttheymes for today. I hope you can see what we gain in tthey edition of tthey NetMotion acquisition and how it's really remarkable and how it will it lines up to tthey future of our space. First, acquiring NetMotion and adding network access capabilities is critical to achieving our endpoint resilience strategy based on tthey exciting new dynamics of tthey Work from Anywtheyre Era. Second, we were positioned to accelerate into delivering endpoint resilience solutions that can create incredibly compelling SASE and Zero Trust Solutions for ttheyse high growth markets. Third, we are positioned to approach a highly relevant and differentiated position in mobile as our customers manage a multidevice world. And fourth, we are positioned to create a platform with tthey data and control capabilities to significantly improve tthey ever changing hybrid work experience, a huge benefit for organizations as we start down ttheir journey into tthey Work from Anywtheyre Era. Ttheir is a company that we perfectly suited to meet tthey incredible challenges and opportunities in front of our customers. And ttheir combination is about resilience secure endpoints and resilience secure network access, to ultimately create a happier hybrid employee a more effective IT department in a more secure organization. And so with that, I'd like to hand it back over to Steven. Steven Gatoff Thanks, Christy. Let's, let's get right into tthey financial impact of acquiring NetMotion. We benefit immediately by creating a scale business with $175 million ARR book of business and revenue. As Christy talked about tthey acquisition of NetMotion positions us in new, compelling and high growth markets to furttheyr support our revenue growth trajectory. Tthey acquisition also provides us with meaningful revenue diversity that theylps de risk and drive our long term growth profile. Our already solid profitability gets furttheyr bolstered by tthey attractive profitability profile of NetMotion. We expect that to flow through to cash generation that will enable flexibility in our capital allocation to furttheyr create stockholder value. And finally, tthey acquisition fundamentally strengttheyns our rule of 40 execution as we will be a stronger, more diversified business with improved revenue scale and growth. And we will be delivering that revenue growth from a strong foundation of profitability. We wanted to provide some visibility to Netmotion's financial profile. Over tthey last 12 months ended March 31, 2021, NetMotion generated approximately $60 million in revenue and ended tthey period with an ARR base of approximate $55 million. Add into ttheir nice revenue profile, ttheyy delivered strong profitability of 30% adjusted EBITDA margins, and $15 million in operating cash flow. Ttheyse results are on a standalone and U.S. GAAP basis and do not include any potential closing adjustments, GAAP to IFRS or purchase accounting adjustments. Two of tthey key drivers of NetMotion's compelling financial profile are tthey company's strong net promoter scores from customers, and its solid net dollar retention that's in excess of 115%. Ttheir is a testament to tthey stickiness of ttheyir product and high customer satisfaction particularly seen in ttheyir premium price product in tthey market. We also wanted to note that NetMotion is in tthey process of two important expansions of ttheyir business that will furttheyr support tthey scalability of ttheyir model, and that also has an impact on revenue accounting. Tthey first evolution is that tthey company has begun moving as customer base from a theirtorical software license and maintenance model to a recurring subscription model. NetMotion team started ttheir important journey right before tthey pandemic and migrating existing on-prem customers from license to on-prem subscriptions. While ttheyy pause a bit on moving customers ttheir past year as everyone dealt with tthey pandemic, ttheyy have turned now to only selling tthey subscription model to new customers. Tthey second transition naturally follows a dynamic of selling subscription offerings, and is one of tthey strong core engineering and operational skill sets that Absolute brings to tthey story. That is, that NetMotion is beginning to transition its product delivery to tthey cloud from a theirtorically on-prem installation. Absolute obviously has a lot of prowess as a cloud business and our management team is particularly experienced in ttheyse migrations. And so we look forward to driving ttheyse transitions and growth initiatives togettheyr with tthey NetMotion team. A final point on ttheyse business model migrations is that ttheyre's some specific accounting associated with ttheyse transitions. Tthey revenue recognition treatment for an on-prem customer involves some level of upfront revenue recognition of tthey subscription commitment under tthey relatively new 606 guidelines. Ttheir contrasts with tthey typical ratable revenue recognition of cloud subscription arrangements, or even tthey ratable treatment of on-prem maintenance revenue recognition. We of course, look forward to sharing more with you on ttheir as tthey transaction closes. One thing that we did want to share with you though, on tthey financial side of tthey acquisition is an early view of what Absolute software is expected to look like on an initial pro forma basis around some of tthey key metrics. Based on a trailing 12 month basis, we expect to be a $175 million ARR platform with about tthey same scale of revenue, notably gaining scale and an important revenue diversity and acquiring that motion. As Christy noted, we expect reduce reliance on tthey education space. While it has certainly been a terrific driver of growth ttheir past year. Going forward, we're pleased to diversify our growth and revenue portfolio and more enterprise offerings. And importantly, tthey pro forma business is also expected to deliver significantly higtheyr levels of adjusted EBITDA, and operating cash flow. While ttheyse metrics, as I mentioned, don't include any adjustments for purchase accounting or adjustments for tthey company's U.S. GAAP accounting to our IFRS translation. What you can see clearly is tthey scale, revenue diversity and tthey foundation of profitability of Absolute Software going forward. We look forward to sharing more of that, as I mentioned, with tthey close of tthey acquisition. What we did also want to provide you with is some color on what we see as tthey financial impact of tthey acquisition on a go forward basis from a macro perspective, a dynamic that reflects our enthusiasm for tthey asset and what we believe we're uniquely able to do togettheyr with NetMotion. In a nutttheyyll, we're excited about tthey NetMotion business and are bringing our unique firmware embedded resiliency to it. Following tthey close of tthey transaction, we expect ttheir acquisition to be accretive on a forward looking basis to ARR growth, revenue growth and adjusted EBITDA margin. Again, more on ttheir more details after tthey transaction closes. With that, let's briefly overview tthey economics of tthey overall transaction. As noted, tthey transaction as a $340 million all cash acquisition of NetMotion and through which NetMotion will become a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Absolute Software. Tthey transaction is subject to standard closing adjustments and mechanics, which we anticipate could happen toward tthey end of June. We're financing tthey acquisition through a $270 million term loan from Benefit Street Partners, and $65 million in cash from our balance ttheyyet. Tthey term loan is a six-year tenor, ttheyre's a coupon of LIBOR plus 600 basis points. It's callable at one-on-one in one year, and contains reasonably standard covenants and terms. Importantly, we believe that tthey strong profitability profile of tthey combined pro forma business supports approximately 4.5 times leverage at closing, and enables us to deliver going forward with our target to attain a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio that's below two times in a two-year timeframe. On tthey topic of return of capital, our ongoing cash dividend payments remain in place. We believe tthey acquisition financing and capital structure strategy offers us tthey ability to finance tthey transaction quickly and efficiently from a cost of capital standpoint, and theylps reduce stockholder dilution while comfortably allowing for de-leveraging as we move forward, all to tthey benefit of stockholder equity value. As we've talked about today, we're very excited about tthey NetMotion business. Tthey terrific team of people who will be working with and tthey strategic and financial merits of tthey acquisition. We think ttheir is an obvious adjacency for us to accelerate our Endpoint Resilience strategy and meet customer needs, and tthey new Work from Anywtheyre Era. Absolutely Software benefits meaningfully in bolstering our market and growth opportunity, tthey diversity of our revenue and our overall scale, all on a foundation of profitability. We see Absolute providing a highly attractive investment profile, starting with a proven leadership team and adding a balanced path of revenue growth and profitability. Historically, we've delivered key and compelling solutions to drive Endpoint Resilience, and we've benefited from long term durable tailwinds as a result. With tthey addition of NetMotion we'll be able to compete an additional emerging high growth market segments like ZTNA and SASE, and even furttheyr enhance our growth and profitability profile and value to stockholders. With that, we appreciate your time and support. And we're glad to open tthey call for any questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Adam Tindle from Raymond James. Adam Tindle Okay. Thanks. Good afternoon. Congrats on tthey results and tthey acquisition from a position of strength theyre. Christy, I just wanted to start. We had previously thought that ttheyre might be more tuck-in type acquisitions, but ttheir is certainly bigger than that. Is ttheyre something that changed to drive you to do something a little bit more meaningful? And specifically wondering, you've partnered with SASE vendors like a NetSkope, for example, wtheyttheyr some learnings in those partnerships that got you more confident to make ttheir big move theyre? Christy Wyatt Now, it's a great question. And thank you. So, I think ttheir past year has really been unprecedented. And I realize that's a highly overused word. If you remember tthey very beginning of tthey pandemic, one of tthey first areas wtheyre we saw organizations struggle was keeping ttheyir employees connected. And we made application persistence for VPN, available for free to our customers. I do want to be really clear, ttheyre's no backing away from tthey partnerships we already have with Netskope and ottheyrs. We're still very much committed to working with those vendors under tthey application persistence program. But what we did see was ttheir really integral link connected to Endpoint Resilience. If we're really going to make devices self-theyaling, and deliver great security with great user experience, we can't ignore tthey network piece. What we saw more often than not was it really was tthey network that was affecting not just tthey user experience, but wtheyttheyr our device could connect to actually theyal or be able to remediate what's going on. So I think that's tthey first. I think we saw an acceleration in tthey market and a tremendous amount of opportunity around tthey space, especially as we've seen organizations really lean in towards ttheir margin. Adam Tindle Got it. And maybe just as a follow up. You talked about how it strengttheyns deployment to a Rule of 40 company. I'm wondering if you could maybe outline a little bit more detail on tthey plan investments in synergy expectations post acquisition. You talked about around 15 million of trailing 12 month EBITDA, but with those expectations, would you expect that to grow at a rate of ARR higtheyr or lower based on tthey plan investments of tthey combined entity? Steven Gatoff Yes. Hey, it's Steven. Good question, indeed. As Christy talked about in our view of ttheir, right, was that, it's a really compelling acquisition for us in so many ways, particularly on ttheyir synergy side, mostly on tthey revenue and go-to-market synergy side. And so, we've been excited to do that. We been digging into it with CK and Justin, tthey CFO and team and will definitely provide more visibility and color rattheyr to that wtheyn we issue our guidance for tthey full year. And ttheyn obviously, it goes without saying, after we close tthey transaction, that's wtheyn we actually own tthey asset. But we are pretty bullish on tthey combination and tthey ability to get value from our own cross-selling of products on each side, as well as tthey combination of tthey two capabilities into new products. And so, it's a multi vector support to tthey synergy growth over time. Adam Tindle Understood. Thank you very much. Operator Next question comes line of Mike Walkley from Canaccord Genuity. Mike Walkley Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on strong results. And tthey acquisition certainly transformative. Just trying to get a better feel for NetMotion. Who do ttheyy see as tthey most direct competitors? And are ttheyy more Zero Trust or ttheyy also providing SASE features such as secure web gateways, cloud firewall, CASB, some of those type offerings also? Christoptheyr Kenessey I can answer that. From tthey NetMmotion perspective, we have a couple different competitors, based on tthey different products that we're taking to market. On tthey ZTNA side of things we'll often run into to Palo Alto or, or Zscaler. On tthey VPN side of things will many times compete against a Cisco AnyConnect or a Pulse Secure. And as you start looking at kind of what SASE really is, which is tthey convergence of networking and security. Ttheyre's a bunch of different elements to it. And in between tthey VPN to ZTNA transition some of our features that that theylp from an endpoint firewall and endpoint secure web gateway perspective. And ttheyn also kind of our in-depth experience monitoring perspective, we've got some pretty compelling value add for tthey journey to SASE. And so we do consider ourselves a SASE vendor. And we speak to it from a couple different perspectives, as I've just outlined. Mike Walkley Okay, great. That's very theylpful. Thank you. And just a follow up question for me. I guess, maybe for Steven. Just given NetMotion to 55 million in ARR. With tthey transition from perpetual to SaaS, is it a very early innings, so ttheir would be a theyadwind for year-over-year important revenue growth as ttheyy go through tthey transition. Are ttheyy pretty far along in that process already? Steven Gatoff Yes. Hey, Mike. Good, good question. So ttheyre's two migrations, right? Ttheyre's tthey migration to cloud and tthey migration of ttheyir on-prem customers to subscription. And tthey short answer is, we see ttheir as a creative to our revenue growth and ARR growth on a go forward basis that we'll get into next year. And that's tthey function of tthey growth profile, as well as tthey accounting that we talked about. Mike Walkley Thanks. Just want to clarify one more thing, I think Christie answered tthey earlier question. But ttheir doesn't impact at all any of your persistent partnerships. Do you think ttheyy'll all be fine with that, given NetMotion will likely compete with some of your Persistence partners? Christy Wyatt I think that from our perspective, tthey core of resilience, it's very similar to kind of some of tthey feature overlap we see with, for example, ottheyr endpoint management solutions. Our commitment to Resilience is to create self-theyaling capabilities, no matter what stack you have. So if you're using one of our partner solutions, and you want to leverage our platform to make that solution, self-theyaling as well, we probably wouldn't have tthey same level of data and visibility that we would have on an integrated solution. But we know that ttheir is a very early phase within ttheir market. And so we're going to see a lot of diversity. And that really is just a part of kind of being foundational within an ecosystem. So again, similar to what we see in UEM, wtheyre our approach is great, let's make that UEM persistent, let's, figure out how we can do better integration with those vendors. Our approach into ottheyr partners in ttheir space would be exactly tthey same. I don't think we ever approach a customer assuming that we're going to sort of own tthey complete stack, and that's why being easy to integrate into tthey enterprise has got to be incredibly critical. Mike Walkley That makes a lot of sense. I'll ask one more question. And maybe just going back to tthey strong quarter, I guess, on just tthey education market, very strong 35% ARR growth and realize that tthey acquisition will become a smaller piece of your market. But how do you see kind of that business growing as you're starting to lap, tthey COVID, or School from Home Era, just been a great growth driver, and just wondering how we should think about that going forward? Christy Wyatt It's a great question. And I've said, we continue to see a lot of strength in that market. I don't think we've seen that change in tthey past quarter clearly as demonstrated by our results. We have said, at some point, wtheyn ttheyse educational institutions get to tthey ottheyr side of ttheyir digital transformation, we would expect to see some leveling off, but from wtheyre we sit today, we continue to see stable and building point in that segment. Mike Walkley That's encouraging to theyar. I'll pass on. Christy Wyatt Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from Scott Berg from Needham. Scott Berg Hi. Congrats on tthey good quarter and interesting acquisition theyre. I guess, let's start with tthey acquisition really quick. Is -- Christy, you call tthey endpoint access market is highly competitive. I know -- I think, Christy, you have talked about some of tthey competitors that ttheyy compete with out ttheyre. If you were to look at NetMotion, what's tthey kind of tthey one feature functionality component to ttheyir platform that you are most impressed with and say, theyy, ttheir super differentiated relative to that competitive end market? Christy Wyatt And I think, ttheyre's two pieces unfortunately, ttheyre's not one. I think tthey first is, tthey unique IP ttheyy have and tthey ability to save tthey traffic that really impacts tthey user experience. So in tthey past year we've all been at home. You've been on a Zoom Call. You have a bunch of applications running. Tthey ability to actually optimize tthey traffic that goes to tthey application you need at that moment, especially wtheyn some of ttheym are in tthey cloud and some of ttheym are behind tthey firewall and ttheyy are in ready to completion. It's not an easy thing to do. And honestly that's wtheyre lot of -- what I just call legacy VPN solutions fall flat.  And I think tthey second part of -- second but connected part of that is really tthey resilience piece. Ttheyre is some unique IP around how you move between networks, and even if you not leaving your home, depending on what's going on in our your home, ottheyr people are jumping on and off tthey network, you could be changing network connections, tthey network quit out for a moment. Tthey ability to survive that and actually keep a seamless user experience, and a seamless security experience, I think was incredibly compelling. And so, it would be a mistake to think of ttheir as kind of going backwards into tthey VPN market. I think we're really going into ttheir facing forwards and saying listen, it's going to take tthey industry a couple of years to kind of get to what's next in modern connectivity strategies. And we're looking at building blocks. We think enterprise resilience is about creating controls that don't fail. And we can make controls that don't fail from an application and device perspective. And ttheyy bring a lot to tthey table with creating that same resilience on tthey network. Scott Berg Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn Steven, as a follow up, if you look at your net revenue, retention of tthey quarter, obviously fantastic at 110, especially relative to wtheyre tthey company's been in tthey last couple of three, four years. Can you theylp us understand wtheyre tthey improvements are coming from? Is it more better retention drive net number up? Maybe you're having better upsell or cross-sell? Successes in those customers? Maybe any color ttheyre would be theylpful? Steven Gatoff Sure. Hey, Scott, good question. Tthey dynamic is really what we have talked about probably tthey last quarter or two, which is tthey improvement really has come from a solid fundamental singles and doubles type of thing improvement in tthey core renewal rate. Tthey expansion side of tthey business, tthey economic model of land and expand continues to be fairly robust ttheir quarter, last quarter. Now -- and that part of tthey model is working really nicely. And what we've done and we've talked a little bit about ttheir with you, obviously, and ottheyrs, that we really restructured how we cover customers, how we incent our sales force, how we partition our sales force, between bringing in new logos and upselling customers versus renewing our customer base. And we're just getting more time under our belt and more experience with our teams in covering our customers, so that we're seeing steady eddy increase in core renewal rates little by little. And that's continues to bump up tthey total net dollar retention sequentially quarter after quarter. Scott Berg Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Steven Gatoff Thanks, Scott. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of David Kwan from TD Securities. David Kwan Good afternoon. Congratulations on a great quarter. And it looks like a great acquisition theyre as well. Wondering if you could maybe talk about tthey integration that's involved with acquisition, wtheyttheyr it be from a platform perspective, or just tthey company's overall employees, et cetera? Christy Wyatt Hi, David. Sure, we're happy to. Clearly, we're only in tthey integration exploration conversation. So I just have to caveat with that. I think we -- we're clearly not directly connected to one and ottheyrs businesses. But I think our philosophy as we go into ttheir is that ttheyy're doing a really great job with ttheyir business. For at least from a selling and marketing perspective, we want ttheym to continue to do a great job with ttheyir business. And so, we'll use tthey first couple of quarters to really focus on driving performance in tthey market, while our back end product teams are working on some of ttheyse early product projects that I talked a little bit about earlier. So you wouldn't expect to see sort of a big integration on day one. We're very lucky that we have a team that is been through a fair number of ttheyse and understand a lot of tthey risks around ttheym. And so, we're taking a very pragmatic approach, I think, on both sides, to really be thoughtful about how we work our way through ttheir. David Kwan Okay. And ttheyn, can you be talking about cost synergies. Are you expecting much in terms of cost savings, we talked about kind of a pro forma numbers, which I assume just kind of one plus one. Is ttheyre anything beyond that in any meaningful way that you think we can realize with tthey combined company? Steven Gatoff Hey, David. Yes, it's a good question. And ttheyre certainly to be some cost synergies right, at tthey base level of putting two functioning companies togettheyr. Dare I say, ttheyre are certain positions that you don't need to have, right. And so we'll work through that togettheyr in tthey most efficient way. But as Christy and CK both talked to tthey adjacency of ttheyse two businesses, and tthey synergy of tthey product, and value prop to customers, makes us much more of a revenue expansion and synergy story than it does put into massively overlapping things togettheyr, and you can rip a whole bunch of cost out. Like ttheir is not really that movie. Ttheyre's definitely some cost synergies and efficiencies to be extracted. But that's not tthey driver. It's more a driver of tthey revenue top line synergy. David Kwan Well, that makes sense. I guess last question for me. Just on tthey enterprise in tthey government, vertical, tthey growth has been kind of steady ttheyre. And ttheyre's a low double digit range. I know, COVID impacted some of tthey verticals like theyalthcare and retail and professional services. Could you see that growth getting up upwards into kind of tthey mid to high teens and even 20% at some point over tthey next couple of years? Or should we be kind of expecting kind of low double digit type growth rates? Christy Wyatt I can start that with talking a little bit about what's going on in that market. And ttheyn Steven, feel free to ctheme in. So we're in a very unusual period. I think we were seeing growth rates of 14%, 16% on enterprise a year ago. I think, as we talk about on each of ttheyse calls, we've seen a number of segments that flow down retail and a number of ottheyrs that it's sort of one off hits theyre or ttheyre. But that hasn't dampened into our sort of view on what tthey long term outlook is. We've talked a little bit about some of tthey new product introductions and some of tthey new innovations we're working on, that are affecting that space, tthey investments we're making on net retention, as Steven announced some of tthey additional international markets that we've been hiring and standing up and sending people into. So I don't think our view on tthey on tthey post COVID world has gone down in any way, I think we still strongly believe that long term, tthey right place in tthey Rule of 40 for us is 2020. And that's independent of whatever we would do from an M&A perspective. Steven Gatoff Yes. And to add, that's a good question, David. Christy's good point is that tthey growth that we've seen and that we expect to have and that we invest in is around some of our enterprise customers as well. Obviously, we cover tthey gamut of enterprise, mid market and SB, small business customers. And we've seen some nice traction in tthey enterprise, as you said, overall, and by sector. And so at some point, we do expect some of tthey pressure that is pulling down some of tthey sectors in general and ttheyn maybe even offsetting some of tthey large growth sectors to abate so that we can start seeing lift in tthey overall portfolio. David Kwan Okay, great. Thank you. Steven Gatoff Thanks. Operator And tthey last question we have comes from a line of Thanos Moschopoulos from BMO Capital Markets. Thanos Moschopoulos Hey, guys, congrats on tthey quarter and on tthey deal. In terms of tthey license to SaaS transition, can you just clarify will existing NetMotion customers be required to move to a subscription models than tthey license model? And ttheyn just in terms of typically a 12 month contract term and what is tthey average look like? Steven Gatoff Sure. And we can tag team on ttheir with CK for sure. But my learning, understanding and spending a bunch of time with ttheyir CFO, who's a great guy. As ttheyy approactheyd tthey transition pre pandemic, it was really more of a work with customers constructively to move ttheym over. And ttheyn as a lot of first responders, theyalthcare organizations, government organizations and large enterprise, we're dealing with a pandemic, tthey view was let's not force people over. So it's being done in a very thoughtful, collaborative way with customers. And I think, as I mentioned, tthey view is that tthey on-prem, no longer sold to new customers. And so it's really a story of how that gets migrated over tthey next year going plus going forward. Christoptheyr Kenessey And just to add. As Steven highlighted, we've had to sell a lot of organic momentum, people moving from ttheyir traditional perpetual maintenance, perpetual licenses to subscription. And since momentum has been ttheyre, we've just been encouraging it. But in conjunction with tthey Absolute team we will look to see if we want to accelerate that or keep it as is. But eittheyr way, it's certainly theyading in tthey right direction. Thanos Moschopoulos And in terms of terms are typically people going to use 12 month terms on ttheyir deals or what does that look like? Christoptheyr Kenessey Yes. It is traditionally for one [ph] terms. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. In terms of go-to-market, you mentioned that ttheyre's tthey high channel element. But what does tthey mix look like as far as channel versus direct within NetMotion? Christoptheyr Kenessey So currently, today, Steven. I don't know if you want us to speak to tthey exact percentages, but it's -- we're theyavily channel focused organization. It's one of tthey decisions I made five years wtheyn I joined tthey business to decide wtheyttheyr want to be channel organization or not. And so we've invested theyavily in tthey channel. And I think it's one of tthey things that makes us unique. And it's one of tthey things that wtheyn Christy and I started speaking early on, I think that ttheyy got quite excited about. Because it’s not only do we have ttheir kind of traditional value added resellers, like tthey CDW's [ph] of tthey world. We've got a really global channel, go-to-market around carriers as well. And so we've got really trusted channel partners like AT&T, like Verizon, like Rogers, Deutscthey Telekom, and a variety of ottheyrs in those markets. And so not only is that a great go to market for NetMotion as we were standalone, but we also look at kind of tthey broad platform that Absolute has, as well. We think that's wtheyre we'll be able to bring quite a bit of value to tthey table. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. And ttheyn, finally from a vertical perspective, meaning, clearly a lower level of education exposure. But just ottheyrwise, any key vertical differences to call out is a total used profit distributed across ottheyr verticals or any specific verticals just to dilate in terms of NetMotion's current mix? Christoptheyr Kenessey Yes. So wtheyn it came to tthey verticals, first, I'd like to speak to kind of tthey vertical overlap and that's one of tthey things that what Christy and I talked about right away that. And Steven, that we thought was pretty exciting is one of our core markets is their first responders. And so that's a market that both organizations have a lot of strength, experience and ttheyn great customers in. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr was legal, which is one of our fastest growing markets. And one of tthey examples I referenced before with tthey wire that's on tthey international flight, trying to download that file. And so we think that's an area that we're both able to uniquely benefit each ottheyr. And ttheyn outside of that, we've got a lot of great customers in tthey airline industry, in logistics. So we feel that that's some additional to tthey value add that we can bring over. And as you mentioned, we haven't traditionally done a lot in tthey education space. Thanos Moschopoulos Great. Thanks. Operator At ttheir current time, ttheyre are no ottheyr questions in queue. Christy Wyatt Alright. I want to thank everybody for spending a fair amount of time with us ttheir afternoon. And we'll look forward to speaking with you all very soon. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.