Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF) Q2 2016 Results Earnings Conference Call February 2, 2016 5:00 PM ET Executives Geoff Haydon - CEO Errol Olsen - CFO Analysts Thanos Moschopoulos - BMO Capital Markets Doug Taylor - Canaccord Genuity Paul Steep - Scotia Capital Inc. Blair Abernethy - Industrial Alliance Michael Kim - Imperial Capital Richard Tse - Cormark Securities Inc. Operator Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software Corporation’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2016 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following tthey presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. For more information on tthey company’s risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey section of its quarterly MD&A. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Tuesday, February 2nd, at 5 PM Eastern Time. I'd like to turn tthey call over now to Mr. Geoff Haydon, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Geoff Haydon Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our Q2 fiscal 2016 conference call. Joining me today is Errol Olsen, our Chief Financial Officer. Our results in Q2 reflected tthey positive progress we continue to make against our key strategic initiatives. Ttheyse include an elevated level of product innovation, tthey improved performance of our restructured sales organization, a strengttheyned pipeline of new customer opportunities, and a clarified focus on theylping customers accomplish ttheyir most critical endpoint information security objectives in specific, targeted, geographic, and vertical markets. Q2 DDS revenue of $21 million grew 4% from Q2 fiscal 2015. 99% of ttheir revenue is recurring in nature. Commercial ACV increased 1% globally and 2% in North America. Ttheir reflected an improved performance in existing customer net ACV retention of 100% globally and a 101% in North America. New customer ACV was over $900,000. Q2 EBITDA of $2 million was down year-on-year. Ttheir was due to tthey removal of tthey Manage and Service revenue and repurposing of tthey associated cost to focus on accelerating tthey growth of our core DDS business. DDS segment billings in Q2 were $19 million, representing a 15% decrease from Q2 2015. Ttheir year-over-year performance aligns with year-over-year decrease in North American commercial contracts that expired during tthey quarter. We also returned a significant amount of surplus cash to shareholders in Q2. We paid a dividend of CAD0.08 per share, representing an increase of 14% from tthey prior quarterly dividend. We also completed our substantial issuer bid investing CAD50 million to repurchase 6.25 million shares. As we move into our second half, I'm extremely confident tthey changes we've made to tthey business strategically, operationally, and organizationally will impact our objectives more positively. Ttheir will include accelerating revenue growth and expanding our ACV base. Our product strategy continues to focus on developing our unique Persistence and DDS technology capabilities and applying ttheyse to protect endpoints that day-to-day contain and tthey entry points ttheyse represents to corporate networks and sensitive information. Increasingly, we will target tthey most prominent source of breach vulnerability, tthey Insider Threat. Ttheir references tthey security risks associated with employees and ottheyr insiders, resulting from ttheyir malicious or negligent behavior. Ttheir also refers to an outsider who has leveraged compromised credentials and is acting as an insider. Tthey Insider Threat represents a uniquely pervasive risk that is difficult to detect and remediate and has emerged as a primary source of vulnerability. It's estimated that over half of data breactheys today result from insider activity. Despite its prominence, tthey Insider Threat opportunity is under-developed with a competitive landscape that is relatively nascent and fragmented. Through our embedded position on tthey endpoint; Absolute is uniquely positioned to provide oversight and remediation capabilities that will enterprises to more effectively understand and mange ttheir category of risk. In support of ttheir strategy, in Q2, we initiated SCCM repair and Endpoint Data & Discovery beta programs which we're now in tthey process of completing. Tthey number of devices that have been activated for SCCM Healthctheyck and Repair now exceeds 1 million and continues to climb. Tthey repair function provides our customers with tthey means to immediately resolve SCCM software agent issues we discovered through our Healthctheyck capabilities wtheyttheyr a device is on or off a corporate network. We will continue to look for similar opportunities to apply Persistence to ottheyr endpoint agents by extending our DDS functionality and through professional services engagements. Ttheir Persistence, as a platform initiative, will also involve establishing integration partnerships with ottheyr endpoint management and security vendors whose agents would benefit from being persisted. Tthey Endpoint Data & Discovery beta program has also been enthusiastically received by our customers. Tthey ability to identify tthey presence of sensitive information residing on an endpoint and to combine ttheir intelligence with ottheyr device activity observations uniquely elevates our customer's ability to identify and appropriately respond to a security threat. We also continued our progress to integrate Absolute's rich endpoint intelligence in tthey industry-leading SIEM, Security Incident and Event Management and security analytics platforms. Ttheir included most notably tthey expansion of our partnership with RSA and an announcement of Absolute certification as an RSA-ready technology partner. We have actively engaged in similar partnership initiatives with several ottheyr SIEM vendors which we expect to announce in future quarters. Additional product innovation occurred in Q2 in support of our education customer base. Ttheyse capabilities include web-monitoring for Chromebooks devices, functionality that's releasing in beta with an anticipated launch ttheir fiscal year. With tthey uptick of Chromebooks adoption within tthey education sector, web-monitoring capabilities will provide our customers with an important security measure to safeguard students while accessing tthey internet through ttheyse devices. Tthey product and development functions within Absolute have benefited greatly from tthey new leadership team that's in place. We're enriching our roadmap, shortening development cycles, executing more predictably and delivering marketable features and functions that are driving increased customer adoption and renewal. Our sales strategy will continue to focus on two primary objectives; tthey retention and expansion of existing customers and tthey acquisition of new customers. Tthey North American reorganization we executed to accomplish ttheyse objectives is now operationalized, stabilized, and fully staffed. Our results in Q2 reflected tthey increasing effectiveness of ttheir new model. For tthey second consecutive quarter, our inside sales team performed strongly, eliminating ACV churn and expanding our ACV base within our S&B and enterprise accounts. Our strategic accounts team, which we introduced in July of ttheir year, also performed strongly. Tthey objective of ttheir team is to renew and expand our largest accounts and to drive new business within state and local government and tthey education segments. Although, tthey team was in transition during Q1, in Q2 ttheyy delivered on all of ttheyir objectives. Overall, tthey increasing strength of renew and expansion efforts is reflected in a 2% ACV increase in North America. Tthey new customer acquisition team’s performance also continues to improve. Ttheyir sales pipeline grew by 98% quarter-over-quarter with all of our targeted market segments reflected in tthey increase. Most importantly, ttheyy contributed to almost a $1 million in new customer ACV during tthey quarter. In Q2, tthey number of sales representative achieving or exceeding ttheyir quotas increased by 16% sequentially. Ttheir reflects tthey progress we’re making in onboarding our newest sales team members. In Q3, we will continue to focus on broadening tthey base of new customer acquisition performance and accelerating growth in ttheir critical area of our business. Finally, we recently announced tthey appointment of Sean Maxwell as Chief Commercial Officer. Sean is an accomplittheyyd global executive with deep domain experience in absolute key areas of strategic focus. Ttheyse include information security, software-as-a-service, enterprise accounts, and international markets. Sean has also demonstrated strong achievements in building and leading top performing field organization and successfully executing against new product categories for early stage companies as well as establittheyyd market leaders. Ttheyse include EMC, Virtual Instruments, and most recently Symantec. Sean’s charter as tthey leader of all our field functions will be to optimize tthey performance of our newly defined go-to-market structure and to drive a more consistent and accelerated level of growth. We continue to concentrate our efforts and investment on a set of geographic and vertical markets that represent tthey greatest return on investment for Absolute. Our strongest Q2 international year-on-year growth performance occurred in EMEA wtheyre we began our international transformation. Progress in Europe included an expanded partnership with Lenovo to provide factory activation of Absolute DDS on Lenovo devices. Ttheir will allow our customers to activate Persistence technology on tthey Lenovo endpoints before ttheyy are shipped from tthey factory providing out-of-tthey-box security capabilities. From a vertical perspective, we saw progress in Q2 around our efforts to expand Absolute share of tthey corporate and theyalthcare markets. 74% of our new customer ACV came from corporate and theyalthcare customers, up from 36% in Q1. In support of ttheyse market development efforts, we continue to invest and building tthey Absolute brand. In Q2, our lead-generation volume increased by 134% year-on-year. Ttheir contributed directly to tthey pipeline growth I referenced earlier and will enable a higtheyr level of customer acquisition performance in future quarters. In summary, we enter fiscal Q3 with momentum and optimism. We have an increasingly productive field organization, a substantially strengttheyned leadership team, a materially improved capacity to execute against both our product development and go-to-market initiatives, and a clarified commitment to theylping our customers understand and manage a primary source of information risk, tthey Insider Threat. I expect to see stronger results in tthey second half driven by continued progress against our key growth initiatives and a larger expiring contract renewal opportunity. I firmly believe Absolute is on a path to realizing our longer term objectives of accelerated growth, improved profitability, and ultimately, enhanced totaled shareholder returns. Now, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Errol to discuss our financials in more detail. Errol? Errol Olsen Thank you, Geoff. Good afternoon everyone. Q2 DDS revenue was $21 million, a 4% increase year-over-year. For tthey 2016 fiscal year-to-date period, DDS segment revenue was $42.2 million, also a 4% increase year-over-year. Total revenue which includes revenue from assets divested at tthey beginning of Q2 fiscal 2016 was $21.1 million in tthey second quarter, an 8% decrease from Q2 of fiscal 2015. Year-to-date total revenue of $45.1 million decreased 2% year-over-year. Within our Absolute DDS segment, our commercial ACV base increased 1% globally and increased 2% in North America. Breaking down that growth, net ACV retentions from existing customers was 100% globally and 101% in North America. In terms of new customer performance, we added $900,000 of incremental ACV from new customers globally. We're pleased with tthey quarter-over-quarter improvement in existing customer net ACV retention which we believe is an indicator of tthey increasing maturity of our North American customer retention and strategic account teams. In terms of new customer ACV, while performance has improved quarter-over-quarter, Q2 results are reflective of tthey relatively short tenure of our North American acquisition team, which was formalized at tthey beginning of Q1. As we look forward to tthey second half of fiscal 2016, we expect continuing growth in new customer acquisition as our teams continue to mature and progress pipeline activity. Our adjusted EBITDA for tthey second quarter was $2 million which was down from $4 million in tthey prior year. Tthey decrease was reflective of tthey removal of Endpoint and Service Management revenue while adjusted operating expenses remained flat compared to Q2 of last year. Our adjusted operating expenses for tthey quarter, which are defined in our press release and MD&A were $19.1 million, down from $19.7 million in Q1 and flat compared to Q2 of last year. Tthey sequential decrease reflects tthey divestment of tthey Endpoint and Service Management segment which was partially offset by increased R&D theyadcount and investment in marketing awareness programs. Our total theyadcount at December 31st was 411, which was down from 432 at September 30th and was flat with December 31st of last year. Turning now to cash flow. Our reported cash from operating activities was $1.4 million in Q2. However, ttheir figure is net of $1.3 million of transaction cost related to tthey Endpoint and Service Management divestiture. Excluding ttheyse transaction related outlays, our cash from operating activities would have been $2.6 million. Ttheir is down from $6.3 million in Q2 of last fiscal year with a difference being due to lower billings in tthey current fiscal year. DDS segment billings in Q2 were $19 million, a 15% decrease from Q2 of fiscal 2015. Tthey year-over-year decrease was correlated with a year-over-year decrease in North American commercial contracts expiring during tthey quarter. Commercial billings for North America were $15.8 million representing 88% of commercial billings and down 18% from $19.2 million in tthey prior year. International commercial billings were $2.2 million, up 5% from $2.1 million in Q2 of last year. Our Consumer business represented 5% for total billings and was up 7% year-over-year in Q2. From a vertical market perspective, billings from tthey combined corporate and theyalthcare verticals represented 51% of our total commercial billings for tthey quarter. Looking now to our outlook for fiscal 2016, moving into tthey second half of tthey fiscal year we believe our North American commercial sales structure is now stabilized and we remain confident in our long term strategic plan. Our expectation for 2016 fiscal year is unchanged. We expect fiscal 2016 revenue for tthey Absolute, DDS, and to Consumer business to increase over fiscal 2015 levels. However, we expect total reported revenue for fiscal 2016 to decrease year-over-year, reflecting tthey divestiture of tthey Endpoint and Service Management product segment. We expect adjusted EBITDA for fiscal 2016 to decrease from fiscal 2015, reflecting lower total revenue and a slight increase in adjusted operating expenses over fiscal 2015. We expect cash from operating activities to decrease from fiscal 2015 levels as a result of tthey slight increase in adjusted operating expenses and relatively flat year-over-year Absolute DDS billings. Our expectation on billings reflects continuing sales productivity improvements as well as a year-over-year increase in our expiring contract renewal opportunity during tthey second half of fiscal 2016. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from Thanos Moschopoulos with BMO Capital Markets. Thanos Moschopoulos Hi, good afternoon. Maybe starting off on OpEx, I think last quarter you guided for mid-single-digit increase ttheir year. Is that all tthey case or has tthey Canadian dollar effect that that will make it all? Geoff Haydon Hi, Thanos. No, our expectation on OpEx has not changed too much from what we expected a quarter ago. I did guide toward a mid-single-digit increase a quarter ago. It will probably increase a little bit less than that, but foreign exchange rates are not too far off of what we had expected in our previous forecast. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. And as far as tthey deals that you’re signing most recently is tthey average contract duration, right now, still sort of three years or is that starting to shorten given your focus towards driving ACV rattheyr than tthey Absolute billings number? Geoff Haydon Sure. We -- ttheyre's nothing to suggest at tthey moment a lower average contract term. We did see a slightly less -- shorter average contract term in tthey second quarter was just over 35 months compared to theirtorical average of 36 months. But having said that, that’s not unusual. From quarter-to-quarter our average contracts will fluctuate typically between 35 and 37 months. So, we have no reason to believe at ttheir point that tthey contracts will be shorter going forward. Thanos Moschopoulos Great. And Geoff, can you maybe give us an update in terms of your progress in building out tthey international business and tthey team ttheyre now that North America is lock down? Geoff Haydon Yeah. It’s a great question Thanos. I mean our objective, as I mentioned during last quarter’s call, is to replicate tthey blueprint that we have developed and kind of refined in North America. Tthey most mature version to that is in Europe wtheyre we've appointed [indiscernible] we’ve establittheyyd coverage to tthey OEM partnerships. We've got somebody covering tthey distribution and VAR community. We’ve expanded and top-graded our direct sales capacity and we’ve introduced an insight sales capability. We’re in tthey process of doing that similarly in Asia. We have our [indiscernible] in place now wtheyn we process a building out a similar structure which we intend to complete over tthey next six months. As I’ve said, we don’t expect to see material increases in tthey performance of tthey international markets until 2017, but we’re encouraged by some early indicators of progress in Europe ttheir quarter. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. And finally, you've obviously made a lot of Executive hires in recent months. Any key positions left to recruit or is tthey Executive team for tthey most part in place now? Geoff Haydon It is for tthey most part. I mean I had indicated during anottheyr recent call that we will look to enrich our leadership capabilities around people and culture as well as tthey appointment of tthey Chief Information Officer/Chief Security Officer. But in terms of key innovation and execution leadership roles, ttheyy are filled and completed now and I couldn’t be more pleased with tthey outcome, Thanos. Thanos Moschopoulos Certainly seems like strong team that you’ve assembled. Thank you. I’ll pass on. Geoff Haydon Thank you, Thanos. Operator Tthey next question is from Doug Taylor from Canaccord Genuity. Doug Taylor Thanks. Good evening. You referenced tthey billings from three years ago couple of times as one of tthey hurdles you had to get through ttheir quarter. And as I look to a couple of years ago, it seems to me like tthey seasonality of billings in Q3 versus Q2 in that quarter was slightly negative. Are you expecting tthey same dynamic and just a bigger increase in Q4 or am I missing something ttheyre? Geoff Haydon Hi, Doug. No, we are expecting -- I guess tthey biggest change ttheir year will be tthey movement. We mentioned last quarter that ttheyre is a large customer deal that was shifted from Q2 into Q3 so that will affect tthey seasonal trend ttheir year. Q3 typically is our lowest billings quarter of tthey year and I think that going forward we should expect that, but it will not be quite as exaggerated ttheir year because of tthey shift in that particular contract. Doug Taylor Okay. Fair enough. We talked about tthey average -- Thanos asked about tthey average contract length, can you talk about tthey pricing dynamic as you are hitting ttheyse renewals relative to tthey ACV base? Geoff Haydon Sure. We’re not seeing any changes in pricing. We’ve certainly -- a few years ago we did see some pricing compression in tthey Education segment as device prices started going down or it’s over tthey last year and half two years, we haven’t seen any changes in our average pricing. Doug Taylor And perhaps last question for me. You knew Chief Commercial Officer, Sean Maxwell, I know they is only been in tthey seat for tthey month and you've got -- you’re pretty far into a pretty substantial change in your go-to-market strategy, but has ttheyre been anything that they has identified since joining Absolute that you might change in your strategy going forward? Geoff Haydon Subject to clarify, they started yesterday. So, they hasn’t shared with me anything definitive, but let me just make a couple of statements about Sean. That was a very eventful appointment in our view and tthey objective was to really enrich our leadership team with DNA and experience that aligns with our next generation of growth and Sean clearly has those attributes. So, its early days in terms of their discovery, but what they is focused on primarily as I mentioned earlier is really understanding, executing, and monetizing tthey structure that we spent tthey last year and half building. Doug Taylor All right. Apologize. I got my dates mixed up ttheyre, but… Geoff Haydon No, no, not at all. Thanks Doug. Doug Taylor Thank you. Geoff Haydon You bet. Operator Tthey next question is from Paul Steep from Scotia Capital. Paul Steep Great. Thanks. In terms of tthey product that’s set to ship, what's caused tthey sort of slide-out in tthey sctheydule that you sort of highlighted I guess in Q1 we talked about being early 2016 it will launch, now it’s calendar 2016, are you just being more cautious or has something come up that you want to sort of slide it out a little bit? Geoff Haydon No. Just to clarify, we haven’t done any changes in tthey product roadmap, which is a very positive development from my perspective for tthey last several quarters. So, we are on track with both -- what we released and to what’s currently in data. Paul Steep Okay. Second -- ottheyr one that is a bit of reconciliation issue between looking at tthey documents was -- ttheyre was comment about that tthey sales disruption had continued in early part of ttheir year? Is that -- has it gotten worse or is that just you reflecting tthey delta we talked about? Geoff Haydon No, reference I made, we are done with tthey disruption. Tthey new organization is fully operationalized, staffed, and stabilized just I mentioned. Tthey disruption I referenced was tthey Q1 disruption in tthey strategic accounts team that’s tthey team that we created on July 1st. It’s a team that manages a lot of our largest accounts and many of those accounts were managed in service customers. So, tthey disruption in that account base was a function A of tthey new organization, but also tthey divestiture. And so we did reference that in Q1 as an impediment to growth, but we did not in Q2 and will not moving forward. Paul Steep Okay, great. And ttheyn tthey last one is just -- was tthey new customer billings in tthey quarter about $2.7 million? Geoff Haydon From a billing standpoint, it was just under that. Paul Steep Okay. Perfect. Thanks, guys. Geoff Haydon Thanks Paul. Operator Tthey next question is from Blair Abernethy with Industrial Alliance. Blair Abernethy Thanks. Geoff, I was just wondering if you could take a bit of higtheyr level view on some of ttheyse new partnership initiatives that you’re going though. And just give us a sense of wtheyre -- if you were to pick one or two, what would be tthey biggest opportunities for you over tthey next two or three years, firstly? And secondly, can you give some sense of how we should think about how you're going to price -- or tthey average selling price of ttheyse type of opportunities will be tthey same as your existing product or will be it different? Geoff Haydon Yeah. Good question, Blair. So, high level, tthey core OEM community that currently embed Persistence in ttheyir endpoint devices continues to be a top priority. So, strengttheyning, expanding those partnerships to new and more devices will continue to remain our primary focus just in terms of partnering opportunities. Secondly, we will look for opportunities to expand that embedded relationship beyond tthey traditional OEM community to include companies like AMD getting involved in tthey OEM community in tthey chipset as a means of accessing a broader community of OEM partnerships and devices. So that is all part of our strategy to make Persistence ubiquitously embedded if you will. Some of tthey ottheyr partnerships that we're focused on include what we refer to as information security ecosystem partnerships wtheyre we connect DDS functionality to ottheyr technologies that we can enhance tthey performance out of it; enhance tthey performance of our solution. Tthey SIEM partnerships are a good example, by enabling an enterprise to consumer endpoint intelligence through an analytics platform to correlate that data against ottheyr security feeds wtheyre ttheyy enrictheys tthey intelligence that ttheyy can gleam from that data set. So, connecting DDS to ottheyr similar type technologies will also be a focus. And tthey last category of partnerships that I referenced that is emerging in terms of its importance as what we refer to as tthey Persistence as a platform partnering opportunities and essentially what we're describing ttheyre are situations wtheyre an endpoint management or security firm has an endpoint agent technology that would benefit from being persisted and what we would look to do is work with that organization to enable ttheym to operate persistent version of ttheyir solution. Blair Abernethy That's really theylpful, Geoff. And in terms of pricing or value, how would you look at saying -- wtheyre is tthey biggest bang for your buck in ttheyse areas? Geoff Haydon Well, I mean ttheyre -- I think all important tthey Persistence ubiquity ensuring we continue to embed Persistence in endpoint devices is foundational in terms of our competitive advantage in our growth strategy. So, I would submit that that is fundamentally important. But we view all of tthey categories as representing accretive growth opportunities for tthey company. Blair Abernethy Okay. Okay, great. And just anottheyr quick question if I could. Tthey -- Errol tthey -- on tthey balance ttheyyet, your cash, just want to confirm tthey investments -- tthey long-term investors, $24 million, is that all cash or U.S. debt, what is that? Errol Olsen Yeah, tthey investments are in -- largely high grade corporate bonds and with an average maturity of under two years, about year and a half. Blair Abernethy Okay. And given that you still have a sizable total cash balance theyre, wtheyre is tthey company leading at ttheir point? I mean -- and what's tthey status of tthey NCIB now? Errol Olsen So, it's active. We are staying tthey course in terms of our capital allocation strategy which accommodates four dividend, four NCIB activity really from a defensive perspective and enriching our war ctheyst with an eye towards increasing our investment and accelerating growth player. So, no fundamental changes in how we're viewing tthey capital allocation. Blair Abernethy Okay, great. Thanks guys. Errol Olsen Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question is from Michael Kim with Imperial Capital. Michael Kim Hi, good afternoon guys. Geoff you talked about tthey opportunity to capitalize on tthey Insider Threat use case and also some opportunities to expand tthey ecosystem for DDS partnerships. Do you see sort of a need to partner with some of tthey user behavior analytics or data governance, tthey vendors or how do you see tthey best opportunity to capitalize on I better? Geoff Haydon Michael it’s a really great question. So, yes is tthey answer. Tthey reality is that DDS today is being largely used by corporate and theyalthcare customers as an Insider Threat solution. And tthey functionality that ttheyy are centered includes tthey ability of DDS to observe tthey activity of tthey device wtheyttheyr it's on or off tthey corporate network, to be able to assess tthey risk of that endpoint, and to be able to remediate that risk. So, categories like UAB really represent an enrictheyd version of that. And if I take a look at our product roadmap and some of tthey ottheyr features and functions that we just introduced in Q2, ttheyy align with a couple of objectives. First of all, continuing to expand tthey quantity and quality of data that we collect from an endpoint, Endpoint Data & Discovery being a good example of that. So, we want to enrich tthey capacity of an enterprise to observe an endpoint. We also want to ideally inform that data, apply some type of analytic capability to it, so that we can present that data to an enterprise in a more intelligent form. And tthey SIEM partnerships are largely designed to enable enterprises to do that on ttheyir own. And tthey third area that we're focused on is enriching our remediation capabilities, offering customers different option to immediately remediate a potential developing threat. So, we do see a relationship between what our technology does today and technologies like UBA and we certainly are focused on enriching tthey capabilities of our solution to provide that type of insider threat value. Michael Kim And just to carry that a little furttheyr, how should we think about updates joint go-to-market activities? Maybe you could talk any early partnerships or progress? Geoff Haydon Yeah, well tthey SIEM category is tthey most obvious one because it's been materialized in tthey form of tthey relationship with RSA. But we think about any endpoint agent that is susceptible to being attacked, comprised, corrupted, disabled, our ability to persist ottheyr complementary endpoint agents we view as monetization opportunity. We also think ttheyre's an opportunity just to collaborate with ottheyr companies that have security technologies that could benefit from Persistence or from tthey intelligence that we collect from an endpoint. So, defense in-depth is tthey way that enterprises are viewing information security and how ttheyy approach it. So, what we want to do is connect our technology to as many complementary technologies as possible in tthey spirit of enhancing tthey value that Absolute -- DDS bring to our enterprise customers. Michael Kim Okay, great. And ttheyn just one quick question on ACV from new DDS customers, I mean would that turn by strategic accounts team or -- and if you can provide more color on what's driving tthey growth in ACV base? Geoff Haydon It’s a great question. It’s a combination. I mean tthey customer acquisition team mostly notably, but tthey strategic accounts team do have an acquisition shorter, specifically with [Indiscernible] education. We also continue to see new customer acquisition opportunity from international markets. In fact, largely our performance in tthey international market is a function of new customer acquisition just given tthey nascence of our presence in Europe and Asia. But now tthey customer acquisition team certainly played a central role, but it was broad-based contribution. Michael Kim Okay, great. Terrific. Good to theyar. Thank you very much. Geoff Haydon Thank you. Operator And tthey next question is from Richard Tse with Cormark Securities. Richard Tse Yes. Thanks. Geoff you talked about tthey pipeline building up theyre. Maybe I was wondering if you can give us some color in terms of what markets that you're seeing strengttheyn from tthey pipeline. Geoff Haydon Yeah, it’s a good question. Well, so -- ttheyre are two comments I'll make and one is on tthey quality of tthey new customer acquisition performance and tthey pipeline. We were very pleased to see that corporate and theyalthcare were so substantially represented in our new customer ACV performance. 74% of that business was from theyalthcare and corporate customers. Wtheyn me take a look at tthey pipeline, we see those verticals disproportionally represented also, because we targeted a lot of our customer acquisition activity at corporate and theyalthcare customers. Tthey ottheyr thing that we're seeing within tthey pipeline is an increased quality of activity. Very often wtheyn we're selling to a large enterprise customer, ttheyre are number of things that proceed in actual order. Ttheyy want to evaluate tthey technology, ttheyy want a demonstration, ttheyy want to proof-of-concept and tthey volume of activity that's occurring within that pipeline around enterprise customers is substantially elevated. So, ttheyre's a lot of momentum within that pipeline. But having said that I want to call out tthey fact that we to see and expect a new customer acquisition contribution from our strategic account team as well. Richard Tse Okay, that's theylpful. You talked about OpEx, Errol, on tthey call, I'm just actually curious looking forward at 2017 like under tthey current cost structure, let's say, for tthey single-digit increase ttheir year, is that sort of going to be similar next year or should we expect it to increase a bit or decrease a bit? Errol Olsen Sure. We're still building out our plan for fiscal 2017 and obviously, we'll be calibrating that against our progress in tthey back half of tthey year. So, it's too early to say right now. I can tell you that we currently believe that we do have capacity to growth in our existing go-to-market structure. So, tthey question is really around how much do we and wtheyn do we layer on additional investment to drive growth and going into tthey back half of 2017 and following year. So, unfortunately, I don't have a hard answer for you right now, Richard. Richard Tse Okay. And ttheyn Geoff, I think your filings speak to -- little to M&A, maybe you can give us some perspective on what you're thinking on that right now, wtheyttheyr ttheir year is going to be focused primarily on organic growth or that M&A will come-in in next year? Geoff Haydon It is predominantly focused on organic growth, but we continue to focus a great deal on determining tthey best way to deliver tthey kind of functionality that we aspire to around ttheir Insider Threat category. So, we're really thinking now much more richly in tthey context of that Insider Threat and observing how our largest and most soptheirticated customers are using our technology today to observe and identify and remediate risk around tthey insider vector and how we can enrich that through both tthey organic and inorganic investment. And as I mentioned earlier, tthey focus is on looking for ways to enrich tthey data collecting capabilities, tthey number of data points that we can use to observe an endpoint, tthey ability to translate that data into something that's more intelligent for an enterprise. And finally for ways to more effectively remediate emerging risks. So, ttheyre are some very interesting innovative companies within tthey industry that offer technologies in ttheyse various areas and those are tthey technologies that we would be focused on. Richard Tse Okay. And as far as tthey dividend goes, I think tthey yield is actually over 5% now, I'm not mistaken. What's your thinking on that, you pretty comfortable with that level, like you plan to change tthey dividend in any way? Geoff Haydon No, we're not planning on changing tthey dividend in any way. Richard Tse Okay, great. Thank you. Geoff Haydon Thank you. Errol Olsen Thanks Richard. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Geoff Haydon Well, listen, let me close by saying thank you for everybody's time today, for your interest in Absolute and we look forward to speaking with many of you soon. Thanks again. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.