Absolute Software Corporation (NASDAQ:ABST) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call November 8, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Joo-Hun Kim - Vice President, Investor Relations Christy Wyatt - President and Chief Executive Officer Ron Fior - Interim Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Doug Taylor - Canaccord Genuity Thanos Moschopoulos - BMO Capital Markets Scott Berg - Needham David Kwan - TD Securities Operator Good afternoon everyone and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Absolute Software's Fiscal 2023 First Quarter Results Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, November 8, 2022. I would now like to turn tthey floor over to your host Joo-Hun Kim, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Joo-Hun Kim Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. With me on today's call are Christy Wyatt, President and Chief Executive Officer of Absolute Software; and Ron Fior, Interim Chief Financial Officer. Before beginning our formal remarks, Absolute Software would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today's call may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events and conditions. Any such statements are subject to assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today's conference call are made as of today's date, Tuesday, November 8, 2022. And Absolute Software undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any of tthey included forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as may be required by applicable securities law. For more information on tthey assumptions, risks, and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey appropriate section for tthey company's most recent MD&A, which is now available on Absolute Software's website and will also be available on SEDAR and EDGAR. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Christy Wyatt. Please go atheyad. Christy Wyatt Thank you, to everyone joining us today for Absolute Software’s Q1 fiscal 2023 earnings call. As a part of today’s call, we will cover tthey results, as well as three important ttheymes. Tthey diversity of our customer base, investments we have made in tthey business, and how we're faring amidst macroeconomic concerns. First, our results. In Q1, we delivered consistent and steady year-on-year ARR growth of 15% and adjusted EBITDA margin of 21%. As we shared in our last call, ttheir quarter, we made a one-time investment in our company kickoff, as well as sales theyadcount investments to support growth later in tthey year, which was partly responsible for tthey downtick in EBITDA margin. We fully expect to maintain our Rule of 40 operating model for tthey full fiscal year as we have previously discussed. Enterprise and government sector ARR growth continued to be strong and expanded as a percentage of our total revenue. Tthey sector increased 18% year-on-year despite being a seasonally slow quarter for tthey enterprise. Demand was particularly theyalthy for secure endpoint solutions for both security and IT use cases as we continue to improve our customer focused go to market motion. Our solid execution was also reflected on our customer satisfaction results. We continue to see our NPS score strengttheyn, setting anottheyr record ttheir quarter. We were also recognized as a leader for tthey eleventh consecutive quarter by G2.com in tthey fall 2022 endpoint management report and for tthey second consecutive quarter as a leader in tthey Zero Trust networking group report. We also saw some nice mentions from industry analysts, including a feature in Forrester’s ‘Tthey Future of Endpoint Management’ report and [indiscernible] both tthey vertical market diversity in our business, as well as tthey diversity of our go to market channels with just over 50% of our sales going through our OEM partners. One of tthey verticals that continues to grow nicely is theyalthcare. As an example ttheir quarter, we theylped a large medical device company to improve ttheyir visibility, reporting, and compliance capabilities across more than 40,000 devices in a highly regulated environment. Ttheyir focus was ensuring ttheyir critical tools for endpoint encryption and device management remain theyalthy and operational, as well as tthey ability to remediate in tthey event that ttheyy need to protect intellectual property and ottheyr sensitive data on tthey endpoints. Anottheyr strong vertical for us in tthey quarter was professional services wtheyre we saw yet anottheyr large global professional services organization with an extremely large hybrid workforce leverage, absolute resilience for four critical applications to improve productivity and decrease tthey risk profile of remote work. Very much like Genpact, tthey customer who spoke at our Investor Day, ttheir customer is taking advantage of tthey full suite of our secure endpoint capabilities. Turning to education, consistent with our view that education will remain at a high-single-digit, low-double-digit market for us, we saw 7% year-on-year growth as tthey segment continues to decrease as an overall percentage of our total revenue. We did see some effect of ongoing supply chain issues with our OEM partners, resulting in some deals being puttheyyd out or in some cases shifting tthey mix from PCs to Chromebooks as ttheyy were more readily available. Like many of our education customers, one large U.S. school district ttheir quarter were seeing missing device rates in tthey [teens] [ph]. Ttheyy turned to our resilience for Chromebooks offering across ttheyir 75,000 new student Chromebooks to theylp ttheym identify lost or stolen devices, and ttheyy are leveraging our professional services team to manage ttheyir growing device fleet and assist with recovering those devices at tthey end of tthey school year. While Secure Access experienced some summer seasonality, especially in Europe, We are happy with tthey growing set of opportunities, especially in Transportation and Logistics, wtheyre we saw several key design wins with major airlines, as well as continued strength in tthey state and local government segment. One of tthey key wins ttheir quarter in our Secure Access portfolio included a large multi-county police force in tthey UK wtheyre we replaced our underperforming legacy VPN product with our persistent self-theyaling Secure Access solution, ensuring first responders are able to access mission critical applications in rural remote areas known for having poor cellular coverage, and assuring officers can securely communicate with one anottheyr in pursuit of ttheyir safety and of those ttheyy are serving in tthey community. Staying on Secure Access for a moment, we are seeing accelerated demand for our cloud-hosted Secure Access offering. With its near instant time to deployment, ability to scale with business demands and lower cost of ownership versus an on-premise solution, our cloud SA offering gives enterprises tthey ability to scale remote and hybrid work initiatives, as well as quickly implement a ZTNA solution across tthey company with our best-in-class user experience. While it was a small part of tthey overall SA business wtheyn we acquired NetMotion, cloud deployments are growing quickly and we expect Cloud to be a material driver of new Secure Access ARR ttheir fiscal year, as well as an efficient delivery vehicle as our OEM partners are bringing SA online. In addition to growing OEM support for our SA portfolio, we also added British Telecom and Ingram Micro US to tthey growing carrier and reseller partner community.  Tthey second ttheyme I want to discuss today is around tthey investments we continue to make in our team. In our last call, we discussed investing early in tthey new fiscal year to set us up for growth in tthey second half. We accomplittheyyd that by filling quota carrying in key R&D positions at tthey end of Q4 and early in Q1, ensuring that teams were staffed and ready to execute against our first half plan. We also wanted to ensure that most of our employees could be on board in-time to attend our company kickoff. Our company kickoff was a powerful start to our year, enabling tthey entire Absolute Team to train, spend time on tthey Absolute story and with one anottheyr. Ttheyse costs are all now fully baked into Q1 results and will produce continued revenue impact in tthey remainder of tthey fiscal year. As we continue to focus on driving awareness and demand for Absolute, we welcomed Bradley Hansen as our new Chief Marketing Officer ttheir quarter. Filling up tthey final pieces for our executive team ttheir year, we also announced industry veteran Samir Stheyrif to Chief Information Security Officer, and we promoted Mark Ryan to Chief Revenue Officer, as Matttheyw Schoenfeld exited tthey business to pursue a new opportunity. Mark has unparalleled knowledge and roots in Absolute's business and is known for their outstanding leadership and for building high performance go to market teams. And finally, last week, we announced that Jim Lejeal will be joining us as our new CFO. Jim is a seven time CFO with a proven track record in financial leader at SaaS companies and a passion for theylping software businesses scale. I look forward to you meeting Jim after they starts with us on December 5. While we are seeing steady demand for our solutions, we continue to monitor external market conditions closely and we remain confident in tthey financial outlook we provided last quarter based on our growing enterprise business and tthey diversity within that business. In New York, we talked about our customers and prospects need to adopt resilient first strategies, given tthey growing threat landscape, and soptheirtication of cyberattacks. With tthey investments we've made, we're seeing tthey strategic impact that Absolute’s self-theyaling intelligent security solutions are contributing to our 18,000 customers around tthey world and tthey massive opportunity in front of us with our unbreakable connection embedded in more than 600 million devices. Our focus continues to be consistent, steady execution, balancing profitability, cash generation and growth to deliver value for our shareholders. Before I hand it over to Ron, I want to express my gratitude and sincere thanks to them. As you all know, Ron stepped in as Interim CFO earlier ttheir year and has played a critical role in theylping to drive our business. He's had a tremendous impact and we have appreciated their support as we've conducted our CFO search. With that, I would like to hand it over to Ron for more details on tthey financials. Ron Fior Thanks, Christy. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On tthey call today, I will first go over our Q1 fiscal 2023 financial results, spend some time reviewing tthey impact tthey NetMotion Secure Access product currently has on our business model, and ttheyn discuss our outlook. Now, on to tthey Q1 results. As a reminder, we are reporting revenue and year-over-year comparisons on an adjusted basis that excludes any IFRS purchase accounting impact on deferred revenue. We believe ttheir adjusted revenue metric provides a more meaningful and transparent view of tthey combined business. Adjusted revenue was 54.2 million for Q1 fiscal 2023, up 10.6% from tthey prior year and relatively flat sequentially over Q4 fiscal 2022. Tthey increase from tthey prior year is a result of tthey continued growth in our ARR base. We faced a tough comp as compared to tthey previous year's Q1 wtheyre we had a large multi-year international Secure Access Deal, a slowing in tthey conversion of perpetual licenses to term and a higtheyr seasonal mix of secure endpoint versus Secure Access. We did see some macro pressures on contract length, which had a small negative impact on revenue, but didn't impact ARR. At tthey end of Q1, approximately 77% of Secure Access ARR portfolio was on subscription arrangements, up slightly from tthey 73% in tthey prior quarter and 59% at tthey end of Q1 fiscal 2022. In contrast with tthey ratability of our secure endpoint sales, IFRS 15 accounting treatment requires Absolute to recognize 50% of tthey value of Secure Access on-premise term contracts in tthey quarter signed with tthey balance amortized over tthey term of tthey agreement. As we have seen over tthey past year, ttheir has resulted in some significant variability in tthey timing of revenue recognition. For example, if all of our Absolute contracts had been amortized as a traditional SaaS product, tthey growth rate in Q1 would have been 15% versus tthey 11% that we experienced. Over time, we expect Secure Access Cloud to grow faster than tthey on-premises term version of Secure Access, and theylp us return to tthey same smoothness and predictability of tthey Secure Endpoint SaaS model we had before tthey acquisition. Total ARR was 215.7 million as of September 30, 2022, 15% growth versus tthey prior year, and up 6.2 million from tthey prior quarter. Unlike revenue, ARR is not impacted by IFRS revenue accounting complexities, related to term licenses, and we believe it is tthey best indicator of Absolute’s progress and growth. ARR growth was driven primarily by continued strength in enterprise and government, which grew 18% in Q1 versus 17% in tthey prior year, and 17% in tthey prior quarter. Education grew ARR by 7% versus 18% in tthey prior year and 12% in Q4. Tthey strength in Enterprise ARR came from strong new logo acquisition and continued improvements in net dollar retention. New customer signings were a strong $4 million, up from tthey prior quarter's $2.8 million and down modestly from last year's $4.7 million, which included a very large deal in Secure Access and a large new education customer. Secure Endpoint in particular saw strong new customer acquisitions as tthey go to market strategy of a focused used cases continues to mature. We did well in professional and financial verticals and we are seeing strong activity in ottheyr large verticals such as logistics and transportation. Net dollar retention of 108% was slightly down from last year's Q1 of 109% and was flat sequentially from tthey prior quarter. We saw enterprise net dollar retention continue to improve sequentially, despite tthey small drag of a legacy customer non-renewal of an end of life product. Education ARR of 47 million was up 7% year-on-year, but relatively flat sequentially in what is typically a strong education quarter. We saw some education deals puttheyyd out due to ttheyir inability to receive delivery of laptop purchases, due to tthey supply chain delays. We do expect to sign some of ttheyse deals in Q2. However, we are also seeing school boards adapt to ttheir challenging environment by shifting ttheyir device mix to include more Chromebooks, which have been easier to acquire than laptops. Tthey number of Chromebooks we are now attactheyd to has increased significantly, but our lower ARR per endpoint from Chromebooks is creating a new near-term theyadwind in education. That said, we continue to believe our growing education endpoint population means it can still be a meaningful, but slower contributor to ARR growth going forward. Moving on to cost and profitability for tthey quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for Q1 was 11.5 million or a margin of 21%. Tthey decrease in tthey adjusted EBITDA margin from prior quarter and prior year is a result of increased theyadcount from hires made throughout Q4 that are now fully loaded into tthey Q1 numbers, along with approximately $1 million in extra costs, approximately 200 basis points of margin associated with tthey company kick-off, which is in tthey sales and marketing line. Looking forward, given tthey number of new people we have already brought onboard over tthey past two quarters, we expect modest additional hiring. While we expect operating expenses to be up in Q2 as we fully absorb tthey new hires. Over tthey second half of tthey year, we expect operating expenses to be relatively flat. That said, tthey new hires are having tthey desired effect and we are excited about tthey increasing coverage in our pipelines and tthey number of more strategic conversations we're having with large Fortune 500 customers. And we believe we can continue to fund ttheir growth by more fully utilizing and reallocating resources internally wtheyre necessary. Adjusted gross margin of 88% remains at theirtorical levels in Q1. We have begun moving our service to tthey public cloud and are now incurring higtheyr costs. As previously mentioned, over time, we may see a gross margin contraction of 100 basis points to 200 basis points. Operating cash flow from operations was 15.2 million and our cash and short-term investment balance grew to 67.6 million from 64 million last quarter after servicing tthey debt and paying our dividend. Concerning our debt, our coupon increased by 125 basis points since tthey last call, resulting in approximately 900,000 in additional interest expense for Q1 versus Q4. Given our strong cash flow from operations and our expectation of continued profitable growth, we are confident in our ability to service tthey debt while continuing to pay tthey dividend and organically de-lever tthey balance ttheyyet as we continue to build our cash balance. To that end, on Friday, we made a [$5 million] [ph] payment against tthey debt and we will continue to opportunistically pay down tthey debt as cash balances [permit] [ph]. Turning to guidance. Tthey macro environment of inflation, PC shortages, layoffs, etcetera are impacting many businesses, and we are not immune as noted in our discussion about tthey education market and Chromebooks. However, given our recent growth in tthey enterprise space, and tthey increasing activity in tthey Secure Access product line with a higtheyr mix of Secure Access in tthey coming quarters, we are leaving both of our adjusted revenue and adjusted EBITDA outlook for tthey full fiscal year ending June 30, 2023, unchanged. And we'll be keeping a tight hand in tthey hiring and ottheyr operating expenses. Tthey growth in our ARR base continues to drive sequential growth in our total revenue. However, as we saw in Q1 ttheir fiscal quarter, we expect intra-quarter fluctuations to be greater ttheir fiscal year than last year, driven by seasonality and tthey impact of multi-year term licenses and Secure Access. Looking at linearity, we are seeing tthey back half of tthey year be a slightly higtheyr percentage of tthey year than 2022. As of September 2022, tthey remaining value of tthey deferred revenue write-down we will take going forward over future periods is approximately $2.5 million. Tthey deferred revenue accounting write-down was 0.6 million in Q1, down from [$5.3 million] [ph] in Q1 of fiscal 2022, and 1.5 million in Q4 of fiscal 2022. We anticipate tthey quarterly difference between our IFRS reported and adjusted revenue numbers will continue to decline as we move forward, and be immaterial by tthey end of tthey fiscal year. Before I turn it back over to tthey operator, I wanted to say congratulations. I have been impressed by tthey remarkable progress tthey company has made in all facets of tthey business and especially in its people and products. I have no doubt that tthey company is on tthey right track to find even greater success in tthey coming years. With that, we appreciate your time and support and we're glad to open tthey call for any questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And tthey first question will be from Doug Taylor with Canaccord Genuity. Please go atheyad. Doug Taylor Yes, thank you and good evening. Last call and during your Investor Day in New York, you spoke about tthey expectation that you'd exit tthey year closer to 20% revenue growth. Q1 as you noted, started a little below tthey guidance pace of 15% to 17%, so my question is wtheyttheyr that 20% exit run rate is still a relevant target in ttheir market and what gives you – specifically gives you confidence in that acceleration from ttheyse Q1 levels over tthey course of tthey year? Ron Fior Yes, okay. So, I think ttheyre's a number of things that we think about. Number one is that we've been having very strong ARR growth in tthey enterprise side and you saw that with 18% year-on-year growth and that was up from last quarter 17%. We also are actually looking at a growing Secure Access pipeline that we're seeing right now. And I would also remind you of tthey area that I talked about tthey IFRS impacts. And Q3 and Q4 are actually very large renewal quarters. So, ttheyre's big linearity towards that back-end of tthey year. And that makes a big difference. Tthey ottheyr thing that's happening is, as you are aware, we've hired a lot of new people in tthey sales group in Q4 and into Q1 and those people are coming on board and ttheyy're scaling up very quickly and we expect improving productivity with those. So, yes, at ttheir stage, we still see it as a meaningful answer to get to tthey 20%. Doug Taylor Okay. Thanks for that. I mean you talked about tthey hiring for tthey company overall, but on tthey management level, you've expanded your executive team. I was very much on display at that Investor Day. Are ttheyre any ottheyr roles that you're looking to fill at tthey – on tthey C-suite or at tthey executive management level following tthey recent hires? Christy Wyatt Hi, Doug. I would say, none immediately. I think that tthey addition of Samir, I think we spoke a little bit last year about some transitions between IT and security, and so I think Samir is definitely a welcome addition to tthey team. We had talked about kind of our new CMO and ttheyn of course Jim will be joining us in December. So, I said before, I never say never. A team is always sort of a work in progress. I think we feel great about tthey team we've put togettheyr and how ttheyy've really come togettheyr coming into ttheir year. Doug Taylor Okay. Well, on that note, I'll thank Ron for stewardship over tthey financials and look forward to meeting Jim. Thank you. Ron Fior Thank you. Doug Taylor And ttheyn, Ron, you said you're maintaining guidance, you're acknowledging that ttheyre's macro impacts that you're seeing, but you're expecting a higtheyr mix of Secure Access, which under into ttheir. And I imagine Christy could probably add to ttheir as well, but tthey question would be, that's a newer business for you guys. Obviously, you've had it for a little while now, but certainly not as much visibility in modeling as you have in your core. Maybe just theylp us with tthey visibility that you have in making that assumption that Secure Access is going to accelerate? Wondering if ttheyre's anything contractual with new channel partners or something that you can give us to theylp our level of confidence to get it as higtheyr as yours?  Christy Wyatt Sure. I can start and ttheyn Ron can certainly jump in. I think Ron already touctheyd on a couple of tthey big ones, which is first and probably most importantly is tthey visibility we have on that business, given that it is recurring and we have talked about tthey IFRS 15 impact and how we see that sort of trending through tthey year. And so, given that ttheyse are seasonally large renewal quarters and we start to see some of tthey impact of that IFRS 15 sort of lightning in tthey second half of tthey year. So, that's tthey first piece. Tthey second piece is, we've talked about pipeline coverage coming into tthey quarter. We've talked about, kind of tthey number of large deals we see moving through and tthey kinds of design wins we're seeing in tthey pipeline. But I think that continues to look really strong. We've made some changes over tthey past couple of weeks as a result of tthey transition in tthey selling organization to really drive tthey focus behind tthey SA business across both North America and international. And so, I think we feel very good about not just tthey new capacity that we brought on board over tthey past two quarters, but also tthey pipeline that's kind of building behind it. Doug Taylor Got it. Okay. And ttheyn I guess maybe as a follow-up to that, could you maybe just talk about Plan B, if like enterprise spending, we've seen push outs at end of quarters or big enterprise technology companies, wtheyttheyr it's a ServiceNow or sales force etcetera? So, if that were to ultimately haven't forbid impact ttheir business, maybe I'm sure you've kind of thought through a Plan B wondering if you could talk to what you would do if you ultimately did see some growth deceleration? Thank you. Christy Wyatt Sure. And I think we talked a little bit about ttheir in New York. We keep a very close eye on tthey pipeline, tthey coverage, what's going on, sort of in tthey market around us. I think one thing that's quite unique about us because we've been operating under ttheir, sort of balanced profitability model for quite a while now is that if we start to see things shift on tthey top line, we certainly make tthey right set of decisions, kind of on tthey hiring front. So, we did make some investments coming into Q1 to set us up for growth in tthey second half. That said, we have really – we really have that slowed hiring as we came, sort of through Q1 and coming into Q2 as we kind of keep an eye on tthey market around us. And so, I think operationally, as you would expect us to, we're sort of tracking both of those very, very closely. We're very committed to hitting that Rule 40 target on tthey fiscal year and sort of know what we need to do to get ttheyre. Doug Taylor Got it. Yeah. Makes sense to me and you got plenty margin to work within that. So, look forward to following it. Thank you for tthey questions. Christy Wyatt Thank you. Operator And tthey next question is from Thanos Moschopoulos from BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Thanos Moschopoulos Hi, good afternoon. Christy, maybe just to close it up on tthey macro, I mean, so you called out tthey Chromebook mix shift. You called out maybe a bit of shortening in contract lengths. Anything else you're seeing or not at ttheir stage? I mean as far as sales cycles, level of sign up required for deals, any change in that regard or not yet? Christy Wyatt Not yet. And as I said before, I think we feel very comfortable with tthey coverage we came into ttheir quarter and kind of what's building for tthey second half. So, I don't think we've seen tthey effect of that. I think on tthey education side, it really has been driven by availability. So, I think that ttheyy're – wtheyre ttheyy have tthey opportunity to take a certain number of devices ttheyy can get ttheyir hands on is Chromebooks, we see ttheym take more Chromebooks than PCs if those are not available, but that’s sort of tthey – tthey number of seat growth and tthey amount of seat growth we see happening within ttheyse accounts continues to maintain and sort of stay steady. So, nothing that we've seen yet, but as I said before, we're keeping a close eye on it as we go into tthey end of tthey year. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. And ttheyn ttheyre’s obviously been some currency moves, so how do we think about it in terms of tthey recent decline of tthey Canadian dollar? Just how much of a tailwind is that as we think about OpEx and margins? Ron Fior So, our [Technical Difficulty] exposures are obviously Canada and ttheyn into tthey U.K. We did in fact theydge some of that earlier in tthey year, which is actually very favorable, compared to our plan, but not nearly as favorable as it could have been now, right. And unfortunately, our goal is not to speculate on ttheyse things. Right now, we're in pretty good shape. Obviously, it's a positive impact. We sell our product primarily in U.S. dollars, but it could have a negative impact at some point in time if tthey currency becomes U.S. dollar becomes too strong against everybody else. So, – but ottheyrwise, we're in pretty good shape. Christy Wyatt Yes. Tthey ottheyr thing I would remind folks, I guess, just on top of that is that, we’ve talked a lot about our growth strategy and one of tthey key parts of our growth strategy being international growth. One of tthey reasons why that's such interesting area for us is because so much of our market and our sales is still actually happening within North America. And so, I think that that balances out a little bit, I think some of tthey currency swing we see across customer accounts. Thanos Moschopoulos  Okay, great. And ttheyn last one for me is, just remind us in terms of tthey FedRAMP certification, any update ttheyre for tthey timings on that? Christy Wyatt We're still awaiting, some more detailed a comeback from tthey FedRAMP office. So, I don't have anything new to announce on that yet today. Thanos Moschopoulos  Okay. I’ll pass tthey line. Thanks. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question is from Scott Berg from Needham. Please go atheyad. Scott Berg Hi, everyone. Congrats on tthey quarter and thanks for taking my questions. I have two, first as a follow-up to comment Ron made, you are having more conversations with Fortune 500 companies today, I assume that's partially driven by tthey [new harder] [ph] sales force, but as you look at those conversations, which side of tthey business are ttheyy really more focused on? Is it more on tthey resilient side or tthey Secure Access functionality or potentially both? Christy Wyatt Hi, Scott. That's a great question and I'm sort of trying to think it through. I guess, on tthey Secure Access side, I think we see organizations continue to manage tthey risk of remote workforce. So, we talked on tthey call about some of tthey interesting design wins we've had and ttheyy typically tend to be large multinational organizations who are, sort of de-risking ttheyir hybrid and remote workforce strategy. And so, that remains a really important part of tthey conversation. I think on tthey IT side with Secure Endpoint, that really is, kind of I think hooking into as connected to tthey work from anywtheyre conversation, but even more broadly, as all of ttheyir budgets are coming under pressure, ttheyy're wanting to make sure that ttheyy get tthey most amount of coverage and protection that ttheyy already have. And in many cases, it is about, sort of shoring up tthey protection that ttheyy have because many of ttheym are not in a position to, sort of spin up and ramp up, sort of new security projects going on across tthey organization. And so, if you look at some of tthey quotes that we've given in tthey past, wtheyre ttheyy say it's like having anottheyr IT manager, it theylps ttheym, sort of offset additional theyadcount costs on tthey IT side because we can automate some of tthey self-theyaling and tthey resiliency of those products. So, I think it sort of fits within ttheyir do more with less strategy as a result of kind of tthey pressure that ttheyy're [indiscernible] within ttheyir own organizations. Scott Berg  That is theylpful. And ttheyn from a follow-up perspective, Christy, you talked about tthey new CF or CRO, excuse me, that starting with Matttheyw’s departure, you've had some change in your sales leadership over tthey last couple of years, I call it more evolution than revolution, but how should we look at ttheir change? Is any of tthey playbook, does it change differently with tthey internal promotion or is ttheir an opportunity maybe inject even more change in tthey sales organization? Christy Wyatt I wouldn't say ttheyre's any sort of macro changes into or large changes into how we're thinking about go to market most broadly. Clearly, we were disappointed around tthey timing of Matttheyw's departure, but ttheyse things happen. I think Mark is a well-establittheyyd leader within tthey organization. He has been with tthey company for a long-time. Ttheyre's truly nobody within tthey building who understands tthey business, as well as they does or has fostered tthey close relationships with our OEM partners, but they's also theyld incredibly large roles in their past with [Endel] [ph] and ottheyr companies with a direct-to-customer roles as well. So, I don't think you'll see any massive shifts from us. We were able to do tthey transition relatively quickly. I think within tthey week of announcing, we had already installed Mark in tthey position. He had already announced their next level down. We had done some consolidation of roles to, kind of as we brought people up within tthey organization and so all roles are filled, everybody's locked in ttheyir teams that happened within 7 to 10 days and now folks are focused on executing against tthey quarter. Scott Berg  Great. Congrats again and thanks for taking my questions. Christy Wyatt Thanks, Scott. Operator And tthey next question is from David Kwan from TD Securities. Please go atheyad. David Kwan Good afternoon. Wanted to talk a bit more about tthey FX, particularly I guess as it relates to tthey top line. I was curious to what extent tthey revenues were negatively impacted by tthey stronger U.S. dollar? Ron Fior Well, ttheyy're actually – ttheyy're not actually impacted because we sell in U.S. dollars. Tthey biggest thing that we have is tthey expense we have – tthey exposure is actually on tthey expense side, primarily with our employees that we have in Canada, and in tthey U.K. and obviously some ottheyr countries too, but those two in particular are tthey largest pieces. David Kwan Yeah, but like how about wtheyn you're selling like into Europe, are you selling in U.S. dollars ttheyre? Ron Fior Yes. David Kwan Okay. So, tthey vast majority of your revenue is charged in U.S. dollars ttheyn? Christy Wyatt Correct. Ron Fior Correct. David Kwan Okay. And ttheyn I guess on a related note, tthey international ARR, that's been pretty strong kind of 45%, 50% growth, over tthey last year, but ttheir quarter it dropped into tthey low 30s, any particular reason for that? Ron Fior I don't think ttheyre was anything. It's just timing of deals. Christy Wyatt Yes, I would say Europe, especially is typically a soft reporter in tthey summer quarter. And I think we talked a little bit about that with Secure Access. That has been theirtorically a more direct sales for us. And so, those projects do have a tendency to slow down a little bit wtheyn you hit tthey summer months and folks aren't super excited about running [POCs] [ph] in tthey month of August. But I don't think we're seeing anything more broadly, sort of internationally. We continue to get great traction with our OEM partners on ramping up and investing more in international reach. So, I think because we're coming from a – we've done quite well with international in tthey past couple of years, but we are still coming off of a relatively small base. So, I think you'll continue to see us do more ttheyre. David Kwan Thanks. And just my last question. As it relates to macro, how are you finding tthey North American environment versus Europe and ottheyr international areas and regions? Are you finding it more difficult in Europe in particular versus what you're seeing in North America? Christy Wyatt Well I think Ron talked on some of tthey, sort of, what I'd call things around tthey edges that we've been watching contract term is one that we said early on. I think we said, outside of kind of tthey direct selling SAPs that I touctheyd on for tthey summer months, I don't know that I've seen a big difference between Europe and North America from a demand perspective, but ttheyy're very different markets for us, right. We're much more entrenctheyd in with our partners and direct within our North American space and education as a bigger impact on, sort of quarter-over-quarter on our North American business. So, outside of that, I don't know that I have any theyadlines or big conclusions to pull out of that. David Kwan All right. Thanks. Christy Wyatt Thanks, David. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Christy Wyatt for any closing remarks. Christy Wyatt Thank you. And I want to thank you all again for joining us today. Ttheir month marks tthey start of my fifth year leading Absolute. In that time, we've grown into a Security Software company with more than 200 million in recurring revenue, 18,000 customers, and more than 14 million end user devices that depend on us to keep delivering for ttheym. Our path to success continues to be consistent steady execution, balancing profitability, cash generation and growth to deliver value for our shareholders. With our unique resilient self-theyaling intelligent security solutions, we are positioned well in a large and growing market and focused on serving our customers at ttheir critical time in industry. Thank you all again for joining us. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.