Absolute Software Corporation (NASDAQ:ABST) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 10, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Joo-Hun Kim – Vice President-Investor Relations Christy Wyatt – President and Chief Executive Officer  Ron Fior – Interim Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Adam Tindle – Raymond James Mike Walkley – Canaccord Genuity Michael Rackers – Needham David Kwan – TD Securities Operator Good afternoon everyone and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Absolute Software's Fiscal 2022 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, we will have a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today Tuesday May 10, 2022. I would now like to turn tthey floor over to your host Joo-Hun Kim, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Joo-Hun Kim Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. With me on today's call are Christy Wyatt, President and Chief Executive Officer of Absolute Software; and Ron Fior, Interim Chief Financial Officer. Before beginning our formal remarks, Absolute Software would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today's call may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events and conditions. Any such statements are subject to assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today's conference call are made as of today's date, Tuesday May 10, 2022. And Absolute Software undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any of tthey included forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events, or ottheyrwise, except as may be required by applicable security look. For more information on tthey assumptions, risks, and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey appropriate section of tthey Company's most recent MD&A, which is now available on tthey Absolute Software's website and will also be available on SEDAR and EDGAR. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Christy Wyatt. Please go atheyad. Christy Wyatt Thank you, Joo-Hun, and thank you to everyone joining us today. I am pleased to share our strong quarterly results for fiscal year Q3. Ttheir quarter we broke tthey $200 million annual recurring revenue or ARR mark driven by record enterprise and government ARR growth. We also saw record operating cash flow and delivered our seventh consecutive quarter of Rule of 40 performance. Total ARR growth was 16% driven by record ARR growth in enterprise and government segment across product lines of 18%. Education ARR represented 22% of tthey total ARR and grew by 7% year-over-year, which is consistent with seasonal education purchasing and is also a function of tthey normalizing demand of COVID peak during tthey last March quarter. We continue to see strong levels of engagement as we enter tthey seasonally strong summer months. Adjusted revenue grew by 18% to $54.5 million and adjusted EBITDA margin remained strong at 25%. Strong operating cash flow margin of 31% drove cash from operations of $17 million. International continued to contribute to our solid quarterly performance following theyavy investments in our global go-to market over tthey past year. As a part of that expansion, we added Nuvias as our DACH distributor to assist us in reaching customers in tthey Benelux region and more recently Orca technology in Australia and New Zealand. Tthey strength in our business is a result of two key industry trends. Tthey first is a continued shift within tthey enterprise customers away from legacy network and security solutions toward endpoint security and increasingly Zero Trust models. Tthey second key trend is tthey permanent or ongoing support of hybrid and remote work that is driving towards endpoint and cloud-centric security strategies. As a result, we exited tthey quarter with 13.6 million active endpoints connecting to our cloud services, an increase of 2 million devices year-over-year. Before I move on, I want to quickly touch on tthey tragic situation in tthey Ukraine. Our core business was not directly affected as we have no operations in eittheyr Ukraine or Russia. We have been active in supporting customers, who may have employees in tthey region, and we hope for an early end of tthey conflict. Ttheyse horrific events and tthey escalating cyber events that surround ttheym are a reminder that now more than ever enterprises need to be vigilant about ttheyir security posture and ensure that all critical security controls are in place and effectively protecting tthey enterprise. Tthey value of self-theyaling Endpoint Security has never been clearer or more relevant. Since it has been about a year since tthey announcement of tthey NetMotion acquisition, I thought I would provide an update on tthey critical development work happening across tthey two key product segments within our business. Absolute secure endpoint, which is how we now reference our Absolute Visibility Control and resilient products and Absolute Secure Access our VPN and ZTNA solutions previously known as NetMotion. Let me first start with Absolute Secure endpoint. We've talked on previous calls about tthey investments we've been making in intelligence and data analytics based on our unique telemetry. Ttheir quarter, we launctheyd Insights for Endpoints offering IT and security teams, tthey ability to leverage ttheyir absolute data, to assess devices, applications, and data inventory performance and security trends across ttheyir entire device population. One of our customers, a financial institution in Texas, acquired Insights to monitor and manage tthey theyalth and compliance of critical security controls, including SentinelOne, Tenable and CrowdStrike. Tthey ability to analyze ttheir data is enabling ttheym to understand tthey context around ttheyse endpoints and to better understand ttheyir security posture. You may recall last quarter I shared with you details about one of our customers who experienced a ransomware attack and how we were able to leverage our unique connection to tthey device, even while it was in a compromised state to remediate tthey risk and restore tthey device without requiring a rebuild of tthey system. Ransomware attacks continue to rise with some sources reporting that ttheyre will be a ransomware attack every two seconds in tthey next decade. Ttheir quarter, we launctheyd a new offering called Ransomware Response, anchored by our patented self-theyaling technology that can communicate with and control tthey endpoint to restore theyalth and assist in recovery. We've seen strong customer interest, including one new customer who was previously hit by an attack in which ttheyy were unable to quickly recover. And ttheyy are now looking to Absolute, to monitor and maintain tthey theyalth of ttheyir critical endpoint security solutions and to respond if or wtheyn a second attack occurs. A critical part of ttheir solution is tthey application persistence capability within our absolute Resilience product to restore and theyaled critical security controls. We continue to invest in tthey rapid expansion of our application persistence catalog, which today lists 81% more persistent titles than ttheir time last year. And in parallel, we are enabling new Application Persistence as a service partners with tthey ability to integrate ttheyir applications independently with tthey Application Persistence platform, which leads me to my second update on Absolute Secure Access. In our Secure Access portfolio, we have completed our integration with tthey Application Persistence platform, making it tthey industry's first and only BIOS-enabled, self-theyaling, resilient ZTNA solution. By resilient ZTNA we mean that it is not only integrated with APAS, but also that it has a resilient deployment architecture, and expanded network in ZTNA policy intelligence. In tthey first few weeks of availability, we had more than 50 customers activate tthey self-theyaling feature. And early feedback has been very compelling. One large construction firm that specializes in standing up major infrastructure projects is leveraging our resilient zero trust capabilities to ensure access permissions are being validated as employees move between networks and as a result, ttheyy are eligible for cybersecurity insurance discounts. We also have a sovereign government customer whose requirement is to split tunnel traffic and only enable access to highly confidential information which tthey user can successfully re-auttheynticate. And finally, our customers are sharing ttheyir appreciation and ttheyir reviews with us. With one international military training organization saying it's like having anottheyr IT person. Our Secure Access portfolio also achieved two critical security certifications, SOC 2 and Common Criteria EAL 4+. By achieving ttheyse certifications, we are conveying to our customers even more confidence that ttheyse capabilities have gone through rigorous standards based testing and review. We are very pleased with tthey progress of ttheir integration, as well as tthey momentum we are seeing across tthey industry. In Q3, we were recognized in Gartner's Market Guide for Zero Trust Network Access. Absolute was also recognized for tthey ninth consecutive quarter as a leader by G2.com in tthey Spring 2022 Endpoint Management report. And finally, we were honored to be recognized in G2's 2022 Best Software Awards for tthey Best Security Products list in tthey Endpoint Security category. With that, I would like to welcome Ron Fior, our Interim CFO. Many of you may be familiar with Ron as they was an advisor for Absolute a couple of years ago, and was instrumental in tthey success of our NASDAQ listing. Ron has been a CFO of both public and private software and technology companies for more than 30 years and brings a wealth of experience and stability to Absolute. He will be leading all aspects of finance, tax and accounting while we complete tthey search for our permanent CFO. I will now turn tthey call over to them to review tthey financial details. Ron Fior Thanks, Christy. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us. On tthey call today, I want to cover two important topics. First, I will go over our Q3 fiscal 2022 financial results. Ttheyn I will provide some color on our current period and update guidance for tthey fiscal year.  Now onto tthey Q3 results. As a reminder, we are reporting revenue on an adjusted basis that excludes any IFRS purchase accounting impact on deferred revenue. In addition, our year-over-year comparisons are based on an as-if combined basis that concludes tthey net motion results of a year ago period in fiscal 2021, but does not factor in any U.S. GAAP to IFRS adjustments. You can find tthey pro forma combined fiscal 2021 financial results in tthey business acquisition report that we filed in September of 2021 available in tthey Investor Relations section of our website on SEDAR and on EDGAR. We believe ttheir adjusted revenue metric provides a more meaningful and transparent view of tthey combined business and theylps evaluate tthey progress that we're making over time. Adjusted revenue was $54.5 million for Q3 fiscal 2022, up 18% from tthey prior year on an as-if combined basis from Q3 fiscal 2021. Tthey strong revenue performance was driven by continued growth in our total ARR base. And some customer migrations from on-prem perpetual licenses to on-prem subscription agreements. At tthey end of Q3, approximately 70% of tthey secure access, ARR portfolio was on subscription arrangements up from about 66% at tthey end of Q2. Total ARR came in at $202.9 million as of March 31, 2021 16% year-over-year growth on an as-if combined basis. Recall that unlike revenue, ARR is not impacted by tthey IFRS revenue accounting requirements and is free from tthey complexity and periodic distortions found in revenue. Tthey solid overall ARR growth was driven primarily by continued strength in enterprise and government, which grew a record 18% year-over-year on an as-if combined basis. Ttheir was partially offset by lower growth in education ARR that came in at 7% year-over-year in Q3. We are seeing strength in enterprise and government as we continue to execute on our integrated strategy in terms of product development and tthey increasing effectiveness and breadth of our go-to-market. We see ttheir being reflected in improving enterprise new logo ARR growth and net dollar retention, which I will talk about in more detail shortly. I will also note tthey strong ARR growth came from both secure access and secure endpoint portfolios. Now turning to education, if you recall, Q3 of 2021 marked tthey high point in COVID-related surge spending and saw education ARR growth of 35.3%, that period. Needless to say that is a tough comp. That said as Christy discussed earlier, deal activity in education remains at or above pre-pandemic levels. And ttheyre is still significant funding available for K-12 education. As we enter tthey two seasonally strong education quarters and see normalized comparisons, we expect to continue to see stable ARR growth in education. New logo ARR was a solid $3.2 million, up 5% on an as-if combined basis from a year ago. And net dollar retention was 107%. New logo ARR growth was driven by strong enterprise and government growth tempered by relative softness in tthey educational growth. Net dollar retention was relatively flat sequentially and down from tthey 110% in tthey prior year. Again, tthey year-over-year decline is largely a function of tthey tough compare in education. Enterprise and government business now almost 80% of our ARR has net dollar retention that is well above that corporate average. Moving on to cost and profitability for tthey quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for Q3 was $13.8 million, a margin of 25% of adjusted revenue. Tthey better than anticipated result was driven by a combination of discipline and operating expenses slower than anticipated hiring and theyadcount growth and a benefit in tthey top line from secure access customer migrations that we mentioned earlier. We had record operating cash flow from operations have $17 million driven by strong adjusted EBITDA and strong cash collections that led to an operating cash margin of 31%. As a reminder, cash collections generally lag ARR growth by a quarter. That said, we expect operating cash margin to continue trending above adjusted EBITDA, though, ttheyre will be seasonal fluctuations between tthey quarters. Taking a look at tthey balance ttheyyet, we ended tthey March quarter with $69 million in cash, up $8 million from tthey prior quarter based on our strong cash flow from operations, including debt service and dividend payments. Turning to guidance. We are raising both our adjusted revenue and adjusted EBITDA outlook for tthey full year fiscal 2022 ending June 30 as follows. We are raising adjusted revenue guidance from a previous range of $206 million to $208 million to a new range of $209.5 million to $210.5 million. Ttheir implies adjusted revenue growth of 14.9% to 15.4% versus 13% to 14.1% previously. Adjusted EBITDA margin guidance for full year fiscal 2022 is being increased from our previous range of 22% to 24% to 24.5% to 25.5%. With respect to operating expenses, we continue to increase our investment in product development and our go-to-market capabilities to take advantage of tthey growing opportunities to work from anywtheyre and ZTNA. Absolute plans to remain aggressive in hiring through tthey balance of ttheir quarter before things naturally slowdown in tthey summer. In addition, as we get back to a more normalized work posture, we are budgeting for higtheyr travel and trade show related expenses, as well as higtheyr office and facilities related costs. Tthey strong growth in our ARR base continues to drive sequential growth in our total revenue. However, as we have discussed in previous calls, adjusted revenues in tthey first three quarters of fiscal 2022 have benefited from tthey accounting treatment of maintenance to subscription migrations that destroyed tthey revenue ramp. Absent ttheyse migrations, adjusted revenue guidance call for continued sequential increases to revenue in line with tthey growth in our ARR base. Please recall that our adjusted revenue growth rate guidance for fiscal 2022 and our ottheyr year-over-year growth metrics are presented on an as if combined basis and are calculated based on tthey combined company fiscal 2021 financials, and do not include any adjustments for purchase accounting or GAAP to IFRS conversions. As of March 30, 2021, tthey remaining value of deferred revenue write-down that we will be taking going forward over future periods is approximately $4.6 million. We anticipate tthey quarterly difference between our IFRS reported and adjusted revenue numbers will continue to decline as we move forward. Tthey deferred revenue write-down was $5.3 million in Q1 fiscal 2022, $3.9 million in Q2, and $2.5 million ttheir quarter, and will drop significantly as we enter fiscal 2023. With that, we appreciate your time and support, and we’re glad to open tthey call for any questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Ladies and gentlemen, at ttheir time, we’ll begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Adam Tindle from Raymond James. Please go atheyad with your question. Adam Tindle Okay. Thanks. Good afternoon. And Christy congrats on tthey $200 million ARR milestone. You talked about tthey shift to zero trust as a number one driver of tthey business theyre. And I wanted to ask question around that. You could maybe first just speak to how ttheir is changing tthey nature of conversations at tthey customer level. I imagine you’re tettheyring to things like funded projects around that. So tthey nature of tthey conversations at tthey customer level, what you’re doing to aid tthey sales force, I know you made some changes ttheyre to capitalize on that. And ttheyn, ultimately, how that’s going to translate to financial metrics as you become more strategic. Christy Wyatt Hi, Adam. Thank you. So tthey combination of tthey two products is actually theylping us in both directions. We’ve talked a lot about tthey increased spending around zero trust, but that whole shift is actually shifting a lot of focus on endpoint security as a whole. And so what we’re finding is that tthey opportunity to go in and talk to customers about funded zero trust projects, things that we know are in ttheyir roadmap in tthey next 18 to 24 months. It means that we get tthey opportunity to fit into an already funded project, but also demonstrate tthey power of resilience. And I think that’s why, ttheyse are such – ttheyre’s such a nice sort of complementary nature to ttheyse two pieces in using self-theyaling resilient ZTNA, ttheyy also see tthey ability of self-theyaling security. And ttheyn start to think about tthey application of resilience onto ottheyr products, and ttheyn vice versa in customer areas wtheyre we’re actively already engaged with ttheym on theyaling ttheyir VPN or ottheyr ZTNA solutions, we can show ttheym a better path. So I think it does give us a significantly more strategic position in tthey conversation with our customers. And as we all know, that is a rapidly growing market. I think Gartner says, it’s going to go from $820 million in spend ttheir year to something like $1.6 billion in tthey coming years. What we’ve done to enable tthey sales force, we’re doing – we continue to do a lot of training around force management. We’ve continued to build out both tthey demand generation function, as well as kind of putting togettheyr tthey integrated customer story. Ttheir is – as we kind of go into Q4, it’s a nice moment for us, because we have all of tthey connecting to tthey platform and we start to be able to tell that bigger picture story about how resilience and resilience ZTNA can also work togettheyr. And ttheyn we, as always, have a number of strategic initiatives going on with our OEM partners. As many of ttheym have zero trust in ttheyir strategic initiatives in tthey coming years – coming 12 to 18 months as well. And we have tthey opportunity to talking to those. So we’ve seen some nice lift, I think, in both tthey pipeline as well as in some of tthey results. It’s still very early days. I mean, I think if we take a look at tthey opportunity atheyad of us, we see so much more, as we move into – closer into FY2023. Adam Tindle Very theylpful. And maybe just as a quick follow up for Ron, obviously, nice to see cash flow in tthey quarter, raising revenue and EBITDA guidance. Just curious, I think you had some comments about cash flow I may have missed, but how to think about cash flow for rest of tthey year and bigger picture on capital structure, just how you’re thinking about options that you’re considering in servicing tthey debt. I understand that you’re in tthey interim CFO position, but it’s a question that we often get from investors in terms of right type of capital structure in servicing tthey debt. Any comments would be theylpful. Thank you. Ron Fior Sure. Thank you, Adam. Well, in general, obviously we feel pretty good about our ability to generate cash. I mean, you’ve seen it very consistently over ttheir last year or so. And even before that we generate a lot of cash on a regular basis and continuing as tthey company continues to grow, we expect that amounts to in fact, increase. We feel we’ve been doing a lot of analysis on ttheir and we’ve been – we feel pretty comfortable in our ability to service tthey debt. I mean, our coverage ratio is declining pretty significantly just on a naturally – just as a natural function of our growing EBITDA and our growing cash flows. So at ttheir stage, we’re obviously going to keep an eye on it. We’re going to be very careful and with tthey interest rates rising and everything else like that, but that’s really wtheyre we are right now today. Christy? Christy Wyatt Yes. If I wanted to add a moment to that, I think we started out at tthey beginning of ttheir year talking about tthey flexibility that we wanted, but also saying that we were very comfortable with our ability to service tthey debt and continue to generate cash and invest in growth. And I think as we’ve gone through tthey year, we’ve demonstrated our ability to be able to execute across all three of those. And so, maybe longer-term wtheyn we’re in a less volatile environment, we could look at ottheyr more creative ways. But right now we feel very good about our trajectory. We’re sort of atheyad of plan and we feel like right now it’s tthey time to focus on executing and managing leverage within tthey business. Adam Tindle And for Q4 real quick, I know it’s typically a seasonally strong cash flow quarter, but is ttheyre anything that would be different ttheir year? Ron Fior No, not that we’re aware of. Adam Tindle Got it. Thank you very much. Ron Fior Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Mike Walkley from Canaccord Genuity. Please go atheyad with your question. Mike Walkley Great. My congratulations also on crossing tthey $200 million ARR in tthey cash flow. I guess, Christy, just curious, you’ve been calling out ransomware incidents and how you’ve theylped some customers dealing with ttheir. Could you just talk about how ttheir is driving your persistent business pipeline or changing discussions with potential customers? Christy Wyatt Absolutely and thank you, Mike. Good to theyar from you. So I think while we’ve talked a lot about self-theyaling security and tthey capabilities of tthey platform, ransomware was an interesting opportunity to really put it in context of something that customers are struggling with each and every day. And so, I think I mentioned a little bit earlier that today we see a ransomware attack happen almost maybe once every 11 seconds, we predict that it’s going to accelerate to something like once every two seconds. And so it is happening across every organization and across every industry. And so while people think of us as sort of self-theyaling security, really theylping ttheym understand what having that undeletable persistent connection to that device can mean. What it means is wtheyn that device is frozen and it’s unresponsive to anything else. We can still kind of get in ttheyre and start manipulating. We can theyal tthey ottheyr security controls and put ttheym back online. We can remediate some of tthey risk and we can oftentimes get that device kind of back into a theyalthier state wtheyre it can start taking care of itself again without having to rebuild it from iron, which is something that nobody really wants to do, especially wtheyn users are remote. And so it really has shown a bright light on tthey power of self-theyaling, tthey power of Absolute reach and our scripting capability and having that lifeline to those devices. And so being able to kind of package that up very neatly and being able to go and have that conversation with customers large and small, I think ransomware response as a very horizontal product. Ttheyre isn’t really a vertical market or a customer size who isn’t thinking about how ttheyy’re going to recover wtheyn ttheyy eventually get hit. And so we do see it as a significant opportunity and we’re working quite broadly across our partner base as well to figure out how we can integrate it within ttheyir offerings as well. Mike Walkley Great, thanks. And just with tthey strong enterprise quarter, just wanted to clarify was both, I guess, secure endpoint and secure access, above expectations. And ttheyn how is tthey salesforce progressing and maybe some nice cross sell opportunities between tthey two? Christy Wyatt So, we’re still very early on in cross sell, because as I said, ttheir is tthey first quarter we have tthey platform integrated with Persistence. Although I think, we feel very good as we sort of look at tthey pipeline as it’s combining in front of us. Tthey salesforce is structurally, nothing has changed. We still have secure access operating as a specialist team within North America, it’s more integrated internationally. But we are seeing a lot of customer interest, and I would say we see that accelerating as we come through tthey second half of tthey year, wtheyre customers are really leaning in and wanting to understand from whictheyver side of tthey business, ttheyy started on tthey capabilities of tthey ottheyr side. And again, really being able to leverage tthey self-theyaling ability within tthey previous NetMotion client, tthey secure access products is a really great way of showing tthey power on both sides. And so, I mentioned in my script, we’ve had over 50 customers already turn it on within tthey NetMotion side that really sort of gets ttheym thinking, okay, so now what if tthey rest of my security applications could also be self-theyaling? What else could I do? And so it really is a nice way to launch into a new chapter with those customers. Mike Walkley Okay. Thanks. Last question for me, I’ll jump into queue. I know education’s a smaller part of tthey business now, and it’s lapping some tougtheyr growth comparisons. How should we think about maybe ARR growth for ttheir business going forward? Is ttheir single-digit kind high single-digit grower, or maybe 10% grower? Just how are you thinking about trends in that business to theylp us model longer term? Christy Wyatt I mean, I think that’s about in tthey right neighborhood, I think in ttheir particular. And we’ve said that for a while, right? We don’t see – we see education turning into a nice run rate business. We don’t see it maintaining tthey really high spiky growth that we saw last year. I think Q3 of fiscal year 2021 was tthey peak of that activity. So ttheir was a difficult comp year-on-year. And so, but I think, we continue to see a lot of demand. We continue to see a lot of growth, and that is somewhat unique to us as well, with some of tthey new restrictions on tthey ECF funding. It really delineates what you can spend on hardware versus what you can spend on software? And I think one of tthey benefits of Absolute is, we’re actually in tthey hardware. And so ttheyre is some flexibility for customers who are looking to take advantage of that funding and continue to use Absolute. And so we’re not all tthey way through it. We are theyading into tthey busier months within tthey education buying season. But again, I think we see it turning into a nice run rate, theyalthy business. So, we don’t see it turning back to tthey pre-pandemic state. We definitely don’t see it staying in tthey high double-digit growth wtheyre it was last year eittheyr. Mike Walkley Great. Thanks. Take my question. Operator Our next question comes from Scott Berg with Needham. Please go atheyad with your question. Michael Rackers Yes, everyone. Ttheir is Michael Rackers. I’m on for Scott Berg. Thanks for taking my question today. Just one quick one from me. Could you maybe talk about, I guess tthey next steps with tthey integration of NetMotion, wtheyn you expect it to be kind of fully integrated and ttheyn maybe a bit more color on tthey early success with tthey sales team selling both products? Thank you. Christy Wyatt Sure. Hi Mike. So on tthey product integration initially I think we’ve sort of laid out a path for, I’ve talked about wtheyre we see tthey first three touch points being, tthey first of which is what we’ve already accomplittheyyd around tthey integration with tthey Persistence platform.  Tthey second we've talked about is really, how tthey user experience starts to touch one anottheyr and you shouldn't really think of that as a single common console or sort of one, we don't need to integrate tthey solutions top to bottom, but being able to look at tthey data holistically so we can think about risk holistically. We can think about tthey different pieces of telemetry that coming from tthey various different parts of tthey platform from tthey bios, tthey operating system, tthey applications on both sides and being able to sort of view a or have a view of risk, and ttheyn being able to take action against that risk. And so that's really tthey third step, which will be how do you invoke action and set up rules that are enforceable across all of tthey different places wtheyre we have tthey opportunity to influence tthey device of tthey behavior. We can influence tthey network. We can influence tthey specific applications or tthey device as a whole. And so we have a lot of flexibility in terms of how we match kind of that broad intelligence view that we've talked so much about with kind of tthey – what I call tthey enforcement piece, right? Tthey rules engine and those will be tthey next two pieces that you'll see us working on. Tthey data piece is a particularly exciting one to me. We've talked a lot about tthey investments we've been making around insights and intelligence and tthey data insights product that we announced earlier ttheir quarter. And you'll start to see more interesting milestones as we go through next year, along that sort of data strategy and roadmaps that we've talked about for quite a while now. On tthey selling team, I think one of tthey interesting pieces is really being able to use tthey data to tell that story. So I've talked a lot about how tthey sales teams are structured and organized. We're spending a lot of time right now thinking about how we set up tthey structure for tthey coming year as we go into to Q1 of next year. But I think we were –we've had two years now down ttheir intelligence path wtheyre we've talked a lot about tthey telemetry we collect and tthey unique things we see about tthey theyalth and tthey security posture of that device. And so being able to use that data and really visually demonstrate to tthey customer what is tthey status of a device or your security posture with Absolute and without. And if you do get a chance to sort of take a look at one of tthey – I think it's in tthey company overview, that's on tthey website right now, and it'll be in our upcoming investor presentations. We've been starting to actually demonstrate some of that data modeling real time wtheyre you can really see tthey difference between tthey overall security and compliance of tthey device that has AP turned on versus not turned on. And that's a very powerful tool for tthey selling organization, both in dimension as well as in introducing some of ttheyse new use cases to our existing customers. Michael Rackers Great. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from David Kwan from TD Securities. So you go atheyad with your question. David Kwan Yes good afternoon. I was just curious, you've obviously seen a fairly significant bump up and you tested EBITDA margin guidance since tthey start of tthey year. I think it was 18%, 20% initially. Now we're in tthey mid-20s. How much of that impact is due to say tthey increased revenue guidance and just some of tthey operating leverage versus tthey tight labor markets impacting your turnover in higtheyr activity versus anything else? Ron Fior Well, I mean, it's all part of it. Tthey big part of it obviously is tthey improving revenues on tthey gross margin that's flowing down. That makes a big difference, obviously. But we've also been hiring we've continued to hire throughout tthey year. It has been harder than anybody anticipated. Ttheyre's no doubt about that. But ttheyn we've also we've been spending money to invest in making sure tthey companies are fitting togettheyr properly. So yet we're also taking, we're looking for efficiencies at tthey same thing. We're going to look for more things like that. In ttheir last quarter, we will obviously, as we become more normal and ttheyoretically more normal, in our office posture and those kind of things, if people are coming to tthey office, we're going to have to spend a little bit more on office issues and things like that. And ttheyn also on T&E as we are starting to make trips out to tthey East Coast and back and sales calls et cetera. That seems like that's gone an upward trend, so we're going to continue to be balanced, but we expect a good solid 20% plus EBITDA margin. David Kwan No, that's theylpful. Thanks, Ron. And ttheyn one last question on capital allocation, ttheyre's a prior question on kind of tthey debt. And also with rates going up theyre, I believe tthey debts a variable rate, is it do you guys have interest and trying to lock it in at a fixed rate and ttheyn as well as just generally with what's going on in tthey overall markets and also your share price, is an NCIB also part of tthey consideration as you look at capital allocation. Ron Fior So on tthey interest rate, we do it is adjusted every quarter. We look at it on a quarterly basis. We have a quarterly, and we can in fact, look at locking it in over, shorter periods of time over, six months a year and do things to do that. But right now it is a variable rate loan yes, right now tthey interest rate is 7% and for ttheir next quarter. And so a half – full percentage point of change would be tthey equivalent of $2.7 million on a full year and so a 0.5% is going to be, roughly half of that 1.3, 1.4. So we feel pretty comfortable that we can, handle those things at ttheir point in time, but we'll obviously look for opportunities to see what makes sense. David Kwan Excellent. And ttheyn just on a share buyback is that something you guys would consider given wtheyre tthey shares are right now? Christy Wyatt It's very tempting wtheyn you take a look at tthey share price. But I do think, tthey market being as volatile as it is, I don't know that we have any immediate plans right now. I think, right now we're very much focused on driving tthey business forward and continuing to invest as we wrap up tthey year and go forward. So I would say nothing in our immediate future. David Kwan Thanks. That's it for me. Operator And our final question today comes from Thanos Moschopoulos from BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad with your question. Unidentified Analyst Hi, it's Steven Mickelson [ph] on for Thanos. I just have a couple quick questions. First on tthey international ARR growth, how much of that is coming from some of your initiatives to really grow your partner base? Christy Wyatt It's a great question. So thank you, Steven. I think that it's coming from both our investment of direct sellers, as well as our expansion with our partners. We are continuing to invest and continuing to build up and you'll see us do even more as we go into next year and building out tthey channels and tthey direct selling capability in, all our international ttheyaters with a number of our strategic partners and also resellers. And so I think we have part, a couple of tthey announcements we made on tthey earlier in tthey quarter was some new distribution partners, a more traditional distribution, especially within EMEA. And so we see all of those as opportunities. And ttheyn tthey piece we haven't talked too much about yet is some of tthey opportunities we see around carriers. And ttheyre is some part of that that we talked about wtheyn we did tthey original net motion acquisition, and some of ttheyir distribution agreements of carriers. So we are starting to see some of tthey early rewards from those investments. And I'd like to believe you're going to continue to see more of that from us as we go into next year. Unidentified Analyst Okay, good to theyar. Are ttheyre any particular countries or verticals in tthey international that you want to call out for sort of driving tthey growth? Christy Wyatt I don't think ttheyre is any new ones ottheyr than what we've spoken about before we're doing quite well in EMEA. We are quite active in UK. One of our announcements earlier ttheir quarter was about some new distribution in Dach and Benelux. We are also doing a little bit more in APAC starting to invest in regions like Australia, we're doing quite well in Japan, Latin America has always been strong for us and continues to be strong. So, I would say it is still very focused. It sounds quite broad because we are in fact a global organization, but we are quite focused wtheyn we think about tthey ttheyaters we want to go into and which partners we're going in with. So I think you'll continue to see us be quite thoughtful about that as we go into tthey next year. Unidentified Analyst Okay. No, that sounds good. And I guess tthey final question is now that you're year into to NetMotion, with all of tthey turbulence that's going on in tthey public equity markets, like are ttheyre any M&A opportunities like maybe smaller tuck-in ones that might look appealing right now, or is that just off tthey table? Christy Wyatt I never say never, but I don't think that's really our focus right now. We're always taking a look at tthey technology landscape and wtheyttheyr ttheyre is interesting partnerships for us, or aqua hires, or interesting tuck-ins that would grow our technical capability. So we're always looking, but we do primarily look at tthey next year as one of increasing investment into our roadmap. Ttheyre is so many cool things going on within both tthey Secure Access and tthey Secure Endpoint portfolios right now. And so much we're doing to kind of bring those to our partner community that, I think, we have quite a lot on our plate right now. So I never say never, but that's not my immediate vision right now. Unidentified Analyst No, that that sounds good. Thank you. That's all for me. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll be concluding today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey floor back over to Christy Wyatt for any closing remarks. Christy Wyatt Thank you. And thank you all for participating in today's call. A year ago, we shared with you tthey strategic rationale around our acquisition of NetMotion to leverage our unique persistence and intelligence platforms into a new, large and growing market. And in doing so, we saw tthey opportunity to create more resilient endpoints that can always connect in a highly secure way. Here we are a year later and I'm very proud of tthey great progress tthey team is making. Tthey core of what we do uniquely well is found in our self-theyaling persistence platform that is embedded into tthey hardware of over a half a billion devices. And from that platform, we have a unique intelligence and data platform, which customers can now access through our Insights products. On ttheir space we've built a portfolio of self-theyaling security solutions that started with our security endpoint or secure endpoint offerings and now also include secure access. And in parallel, we continue to build out tthey ecosystem through our Application Persistence-as-a-Service and our channel partners. We're very pleased. We just broke through tthey $200 million ARR mark and delivered our seventh straight quarter of Rule of 40 financial per performance. We believe we're delivering against our goals and we're very confident in our ability to continue to deliver. Thank you so much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, with that we'll end today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.