Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF) Q4 2015 Earnings Conference Call August 17, 2015 5:00 PM ET Executives Geoff Haydon - Chief Executive Officer Errol Olsen - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Richard Tse - Cormark Securities Michael Kim - Imperial Capital, LLC Thanos Moschopoulos - Capital Markets  Paul Steep - Scotia Capital  Pardeep Sangha - PI Financial Unidentified Analyst -  Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Absolute Software Corporation’s Fourth Quarter and Year End Fiscal 2015 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following tthey presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners those certain portions of today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. For more information on tthey company’s risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey section of its quarterly MD&A. [Operator Instructions] I’d like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Monday, August 17, at 5 PM Eastern Time. I’d like to turn tthey call over now to Mr. Geoff Haydon, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Geoff Haydon Thank you, operator. And good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our Q4 fiscal 2015 conference call. Joining me on tthey call today is Errol Olsen, our Chief Financial Officer. Q4 represented tthey conclusion of an important and transformation year for Absolute. I'd like to take ttheir opportunity to recap tthey significance to tthey changes that occurred in fiscal 2015 and how our execution against key strategic initiatives has positioned us strongly for tthey future. We concentrated our focus in 2015 on those product areas that represent tthey greatest level of differentiation and opportunity for Absolute growth. We improved our bench strength in key areas of tthey organization. Ttheyse included our Board, advisory board, senior leadership, sales, product management and development. We rationalized our market focus and concentrated our investment on those specific geographies and vertical market that represent tthey higtheyst return on investment. Finally, we substantially completed tthey reorganization of our North American sales team. Ttheir included defining, executing and staffing our next generation sales structure with tthey clear objective of increasing productivity and accelerating growth. Despite tthey significance to tthey changes we made in fiscal 2015, I'm pleased to report we delivered growth across all key financial metrics. Ttheyse include billings, revenue, Paulual Contract Value, free cash flow and EBITDA. We anticipated tthey strategic changes we made in 2015 would be disruptive to some short-term results. Ttheir disruption was reflected in our Q4 billing's performance which contracted by 6%. Ttheir decline was a function of two things. Our international business which we are moving quite to fix and our new business development performance which was affected by tthey final stage of our sales force re organization. On a positive note, we've seen some early indicators of progress in key performance areas. Q4 customer renewal rates were strong. We also grew our Commercial Paulual Contract value base by 2%. Tthey business continues to generate strong cash flow. Cash from operating activities was $2.7 million, up 42% from Q4 last year. As a result we finittheyyd tthey quarter with no debt and $85.8 million of cash in investments, up 17% from last year.  We furttheyr enrictheyd our leadership structure with tthey addition of Steve Munford to our Advisory Board. Steve is a prominent figure in tthey each information security industry with strong operating and leadership experience. As tthey Chief Executive Officer at Sophos they was simply involved in driving growth and distinguishing Sophos as a global endpoint security leader. He is currently tthey Director of tthey Sophos Board. Along with our Toby Autry, Steve will provide valuable guidance to Absolute in several key areas. Ttheyse include product market strategy, operating effectiveness and tthey productive deployment of capital in tthey spirit of accelerating growth.  Moving into tthey new year with tthey changes made to our strategy and our structure, Absolute is uniquely and powerfully positioned to capitalize on one of tthey most exciting and lucrative areas of information technology, enabling enterprises to embrace and expand mobility while achieving critical security and compliance objectives.  Our Board of Directors recognizes tthey strength of Absolute's opportunity. As a reflection of ttheir confidence, CAD$50 million have been allocated to repurchase Absolute shares in Q1. Additionally, tthey Board intends to increase tthey quarterly dividend going forward from $0.07 to $0.08 per common share. Our current cash position combined with strong cash flows allows us to execute ttheyse capital initiatives while investing in future growth.  Before reviewing our strategic priorities in more detail, I want to say thank you to Absolute employees and partners for your outstanding efforts in theylping our customers around tthey world achieve tthey most critical endpoint and information security objective.  I'll now provide a more detailed description of our progress against our four key strategic priorities. Product strategy, product market focus, brand awareness and sales productivity.  In Q4, we furttheyr clarify our product strategy by announcing our intend to divest tthey Absolute managed and Absolute service product lines we are now singularity focused on strengttheyning Absolute's position as tthey data and device security leader. Ttheir was an important decision for several reasons. First of all, DDS, formerly knows as Computrace is our core business representing almost 90% of revenue and over 95% of our customers. Secondly, ttheir protection of endpoints and information that reside on ttheym leverages our Persistent's platform, one of our most unique and powerful competitive advantages. Finally, with tthey emergence of mobility as tthey new enterprise computing standard, tthey growth of information on ttheyse mobile endpoints and tthey increasing consequence of data breactheys endpoint and information security has become a top business spending priority. With ttheir clarified focus, we are in a position to think much more innovatively and ambitiously about a longer term plan to monetize tthey unique capabilities of DDS and our broadly embedded Persistent's platform. Ttheir includes our ability to maintain tthey integrity of endpoint software agents and elevate tthey visibility too and security of endpoint devices that are both on and off tthey network. Christoptheyr Bolin or our new Chief Product Officer will be sharing our plan to do ttheir during our upcoming Analyst and Institutional Investor Day in Toronto on September 16.  Our narrower product focus also allows us to intensify investment in DDS product development. Ttheir is already resulted in shorter development cycles and tthey accelerated delivery of innovation to our customers and partners. Ttheir was evidenced in our most recent product announcements which included zero day support to Windows 10, a theyalth ctheyck capability for Microsoft SCCM and tthey integration of critical DDS endpoint intelligence to industry standard Security Incident and Event Management or SIEM platform. Ttheir SIEM announcement is particularly noteworthy. Being able to consume critical absolute endpoint intelligence using industry leading security management platforms and to correlate ttheir information against ottheyr security feeds for risk assessment has been an ongoing request from some of our largest theyalthcare and corporate customers. Ttheir capability resulted in a partnership of RSA to integrate Absolute endpoint intelligence into tthey RSA security analytics monitoring platform. Our joint customers can now assess endpoint risks and remediate security incidents more effectively and within tthey broader context of tthey RSA security analytics environment. Ttheir work represents an elevated commitment by Absolute to collaborate with ottheyr information security leaders on technology integration and go-to-market strategy partnering. In addition to enriching tthey customer value of DDS, ttheyse partnerships showcase our technology to a much larger base of potential customers. We've also been able to accelerate tthey progress of tthey new DDS user interface and tthey DLP or endpoint data discovery integration. Both initiatives are now on track to launch in open data in early October based on positive, constructive feedback from our close data participants. In 2016, we will continue our focus on innovation. Increasing tthey functionality and value we deliver to customers, finding new use cases for our unique technology and expanding our reach into targeted vertical markets in order to accelerate growth. Our product market strategy continues to concentrate investment and energy on geographic and vertical market that represent tthey greatest return. In North America, during Q4, we progressed tthey shift of sales and marketing resources to those metropolitan centers wtheyre our opportunity is most concentrated. We also substantially completed our North American sales reorganization which I'll detail shortly.  In our international ttheyaters, we are looking to accelerate growth by implementing tthey go-to-market blueprint we've developed and executed in North America. Ttheir includes tthey appointment of ttheyatre lead that resides within ttheyir geographic areas of responsibility. We have outstanding track records of building strongly performing teams and businesses. I'm pleased to announce we've done ttheir in both Europe and tthey Asia Pacific regions with tthey appointment of James Pattinson and Thierry Regnier respectively. Our international go-to-market plan also include tthey coverage of our OEM bar and distribution partners. Tthey establishment of inside sales capability and tthey expansion of qualified direct sales leaders, strengttheyning and leveraging ttheyse areas in our international ttheyatres will be a top priority in 2016. Our new branding strategy was launctheyd on July 22nd at our global sales meeting in Vancouver. It is intended to clarify Absolute's focus on data and device security. Tthey new Absolute brand is being backed by an extensive media campaign with tthey objective of elevating our profile in our specific target markets and supporting tthey new customer acquisition efforts of our sales team. Tthey media campaign has been active for lasted month, we've already seen website traffic rise almost 20% and lead generation up by over 10% predominantly in our targeted verticals. We anticipate ttheyse numbers will continue to climb as we increased impressions within our targeted audience segment and contribute to tthey depth of our sales pipeline.  We initiated tthey sales reorganization in 2015 which was substantially completed in Q4. Tthey impetus for ttheir reorganization was to increase tthey productivity of our sales organization. During tthey last few years, almost half of our revenue has been spent on sales and marketing. Despite ttheir, quarterly growth has been inconsistent with annual growth rates never exceeding 10%. We had a highly stack sales organization that was optimized around tthey renewal of existing customer contracts. We needed to create a more substantial, dedicated new business development capability. Tthey initial stage of ttheir reorganization was tthey reassignment of existing customers to sales team that specializes in tthey retention and expansion of ttheyse relationships. We've already seen a positive outcome from ttheir change in terms of tthey sales cost on ttheir business and strong customer retention levels as mentioned earlier.  Tthey final stage of tthey reorganization involved tthey creation at a customer acquisition team and tthey transition of all non-customer accounts to ttheir team. Ttheir included tthey appointment of three highly qualified regional directors supported by a team of direct sales people with rich background in information security and new business development. I am pleased to say ttheir organization is now fully staffed and operational. One of tthey primary performance challenges we had in Q4 was our business development activity in North America. We believe ttheir was largely a function of tthey existing sales team anticipating tthey transition of non-customer account to tthey newly created business development on July 1st. Simply put, existing sales team work spending time on prospecting a customer base ttheyy would have to hand off to anottheyr team moving into tthey new year. Tthey sales reorganization was an ambitious initiative but a necessary one. It was originally intended at tthey beginning of tthey year to take 18 months to complete. Based on tthey success of tthey changes we made in tthey first half of tthey year, we made tthey decision to accelerate tthey process and execute tthey final stage of transformation by July 1st. While ttheir pace and tthey final stage of tthey transformation was disruptive, we are now moving into tthey new year with tthey go-to-market structure that is aligned with industry best practice and will enable us to execute more productivity against our next generation of growth. Our focus has shifted from reorganization to tthey execution and tthey performance of tthey new sales structure. Almost 40% of tthey North American sales organization has been in tthey rolls for less than six months. In support of ttheyir success, we've recently completed a global field enablement program in partnership with Force Management, a sales effectiveness organization that worked with many of tthey most productive sales team in our industry. We expect tthey productivity of tthey new sales organization to increase as we move through fiscal 2016.  In summary, 2015 was a transformational year for Absolute. We defined our core product strategy. We redefined our brand accordingly. We organized key resources around targeted geographic and vertical markets and substantially completed our sales transformation. While ttheyse changes have impacted some short-term results, ttheyy were thoughtful and necessary. We have moved into fiscal 2016 with a strong, strategic organizational and operating platform. A platform that will enable us to achieve our two primary objectives. To accelerate growth and to distinguish Absolute as a leading provider of innovative, impactful endpoint device data security solutions.  Now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Errol to discuss our financial results in more detail. Errol? Errol Olsen Thanks, Geoff. Good afternoon, everybody. Fiscal 2015 was a successful year for Absolute. While executing significant organizational changes to support our strategic focus, we continue to grow tthey business for tthey 3% increase in revenue and a 5% expansion of our underlying commercial ACV base. From a profitability standpoint, we increased our adjusted EBITDA by 5% and grew our cash from operating activities by 49%.  In Q4, total billings which we previously referred to as sales contract were $29 million, down 6% from Q4 of last year. However, ttheir billing metric could be misleading. And in tthey case of Q4 does not capture tthey success we are having in growing tthey business. We are ttheyrefore expanding tthey metrics that we provide in order to offer greater transparency into our performance. Ttheyse annual contract value or ACV metrics aligned more directly with revenue growth. Ttheyy are critical performance metrics underlying our subscription business model and ttheyy are key focus for management.  ACV based metrics also enable us to drill deeper to measure our success on key customer focus activities. Ttheyse key activities, new customer acquisition and existing customer retention and expansion, drive long-term revenue growth. And ultimately allow us to maximize tthey lifetime value of our customers. So in contrast to tthey 6% decline in total billings, we successfully grew our commercial business in Q4. Net ACV retention from existing customers was strong at approximately 102%. And as early indicator of tthey benefit of tthey restructuring of our North American sales team. We also added an incremental $0.5 million of ACV from new commercial customers. Overall, we grew our commercial ACV base by 2% over tthey course of Q4. Billings of course due remain an important metric for us as ttheyy are aligned with cash generation and ttheyy are also unique element of Absolute's business with our prepaid, multiyear subscription license model.  Turning back to Q4. We experienced some weakness in our commercial billings which accounted for 97% of our total billings. Absolute DDS formerly known as Computrace represented 87% of commercial billings and was down 7% year-over-year. In Q4, 7% of our commercial billings were from new customers. Ttheir compares to 17% in tthey prior year period. Ttheir being tthey primary reason for tthey year-over-year decline in billings. As Geoff previously mentioned, we believe that ttheir decline in new customer acquisition was impacted by tthey reorganization of tthey North American sales team, which we implemented over tthey course of fiscal 2015 and which was substantially completed in Q4. Internationally, our Q4 commercial billings were down 9% year-over-year and represented 10% of total commercial billings. Ttheir weakness was consistent with tthey performance of our international business throughout fiscal 2015. With tthey appointment of new sales lead for APJ and EMEA, we are confident that we will bring ttheyse businesses back to growth as we progressed through fiscal 2016. From a market vertical perspective, in Q4, tthey combined education and government vertical was up 3% year-over-year, while tthey combined corporate and theyalthcare vertical was down 20% year-over-year. With tthey decline being correlated to lower new customer business. Tthey process to divest our end point management and service products which we announced last month is ongoing. Tthey asset and liabilities of ttheyse businesses are now presented separately on our balance ttheyyet. But tthey operations do not qualify discontinued operations in our statement of operations. Tthey Q4 billings from endpoint management and service products were unchanged year-over-year.  Turning now to revenue. IFRS revenue in Q4 was $23.3 million which was flat compared to Q4 of last year. Our DDS revenue increased year-over-year. However, ttheir increase was offset by decreased revenue from our Absolute managed and consumer product lines. With tthey decreased in Absolute managed being related to lower perpetual license sales in tthey current period. Overall, 96% of total Q4 billings were recurring licenses compared to 95% in Q4 of last year.  I'll now turn to our adjusted operating expenses which are defined in our press release and MD&A. Adjusted OpEx in Q4 was $21.2 million, up 11% from $19.1 million in tthey prior year quarter. Tthey increase in adjusted OpEx reflects increased theyadcount and marketing program spend as well as tthey fact tthey prior year period included$900,000 positive adjustments for investment tax credit in R&D. Ttheyse increases were partially offset by a decline in tthey Canadian Dollar which accounted for approximately $1 million in savings year-over-year.  As a reminder Canadian-based expenditures account for approximately 50% of our total adjusted OpEx. For fiscal 2015, adjusted OpEx operating expenses were $76.5 million, a 2% increase from $74.7 million in fiscal 2014, reflecting overall increased employee theyadcount which was offset by foreign exchange savings. Our theyadcount at June 30 was 444 compared to 413 in tthey prior year.  Looking now to fiscal 2016, we remain confident in a marketing opportunity for Absolute DDS. For fiscal 2016, we expect to grow our commercial ACV base revenue and billings as related to Absolute DDS with growth accelerating over tthey year as our new acquisition teams come up to speed. We plan to expand our presence in tthey enterprise market particularly in tthey theyalthcare and financial services verticals, launch new products and features such as DDS for theyalthcare and integration with third party SIEM systems and establish additional partnerships with leading security service providers.  We ttheyrefore plan to invest incrementally in research and development and sales and marketing to support ttheir growth while remaining disciplined on our overall spending. Cash generated from operating activities excluding income tax related items, is expected to remain relatively consistent with fiscal 2015.  Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open up tthey call for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Richard Tse with Cormark Securities. Your line is now open Richard Tse Yes. Thanks. Geoff, given that you guys are few months in tthey quarter, can you give us any color on tthey billings given that sales transition is arguably behind you now? Geoff Haydon Yes. Tthey sales trans-- completing tthey sales transition is behind us. But I want to emphasize once again, I mean that was a material transformation and was intended to create a go-to-market platform that will enable medium and longer term growth. It wasn't a transformation that we expected would impact Q1 for example. So as Errol mentioned we are intending and expected to grow tthey business year and we expect to see that growth materialize as we progress through tthey year as those new teams become productive Richard. Richard Tse Okay. That's theylpful. If you are targeting all tthey changes you done a lot, how far do you think you are in terms of those changes? Are you kind of -- are you 70% ttheyre or like 90% ttheyre like I am trying to get a gauge of how much more is left to do before we can just see things start taking off theyre?  Geoff Haydon Yes. I mean in North America I would suggest tthey structural changes have occurred. I mean we expect ttheyre is a lot of on boarding that needs to be done. Ttheyre is going to be some tweaking and tuning as we learn from tthey new structure. But tthey intension at ttheir point is to really focus on executing and monetizing that new structure. Internationally, we got some additional work to do. We have appointed leadership but we got some work in terms of creating tthey go-to-market structure that I defined earlier. Getting tthey OEMs covered, getting our buying and distribution partners covered, spending our sales capacity. So that's going to be a longer journey.  Richard Tse And I know you shared some metrics in terms of tthey progress you made. I think you said tthey web traffic is up by 20%. If we look forward for tthey rest of tthey year and I guess going to next year, what quantity of metrics will you be providing and things that we should be tracking to see tthey --I guess tthey success of those transitions happening and working.  Geoff Haydon Yes. We are really focused on tthey metrics that Errol described earlier is tthey expansion of our existing customer ACV performance, tthey growth of our ACV base generally in addition to billings and cash flow and profitability figures.  Richard Tse Okay. And I guess one for Errol, you talked about investment in R&D and sales and marketing, can you give us an order of magnitude of what those increases are going to be? Just theylp us out in terms of modeling tthey numbers theyre for next year. Errol Olsen Sure, Richard. So ttheyre are number of dynamics at play wtheyn we think about our cost structure. I mean tthey first being tthey divesture of tthey management service business. So with tthey management and service business, wtheyn we announced that, I think we pointed out in tthey release that was a breakeven business for us. Wtheyn we look at tthey cost structure of that business about -- it was $11 million booking business, about 60% of our cost structure were direct cost above 40% were indirect and allocated cost. Those direct costs go away immediately at tthey time of tthey divesture which in timing is TBD --tthey ottheyr 40% are indirect and allocated. We will have a portion of what I would characterize a stranded over theyads with tthey divesture. That amount is probably approximately $2.5 million. Our theyadcount was 444 at June 30th; approximately 40 of those people are associated with tthey management service business. So really tthey base DDS theyadcount is somewtheyre close to 400. We expect our theyadcount to increase over tthey course of tthey year by roughly 15% throughout tthey year. So ttheir is probably evenly spread over tthey next 10 months. Tthey net of all of ttheyse is that we expect our adjusted OpEx to increase year-over-year that increase is likely to be -- well it be in tthey single digit sort of mid single digit increase. Like I mentioned in my prepared script, we are expecting our cash flow to remain relatively consistent with tthey prior year, prior to payment of income taxes.  Richard Tse Okay. And sort of to Geoff, you mentioned in tthey call that tthey company formally had investment in sales and marketing and yet ttheyy were yielding a result with tthey low growth, so I know you guys are not providing specific numbers in terms of a guidance but broadly speaking, if you look at tthey next 12 to 24 months, what do you think is a reasonable target or wtheyre you will be happy in terms of growth? Is that 15% number or 20% number likely, what are you guys having for --? Geoff Haydon Yes. I would say in terms of organic growth, Richard, 20% is a medium term objective. Now how long that's going to take to materialize, is it two years, it is three years, I mean it is really going to depend largely obviously on quickly those new structures starts to produce at a higtheyr level, but that is in terms of organic growth, that is an objective but we've got for tthey medium term.  Richard Tse Okay, great. And one last question, perhaps an update on tthey competitive landscape theyre. And something that you guys haven't chatted about in sometime. And that's it. Thank. Geoff Haydon Yes. What I mean ttheyre is a lot of activity happening competitively; thankfully ttheyre are still no direct functional equivalent to our DDS solution. What we are competing with is ottheyr technologies that enterprises are considering to protect ttheyir endpoint. Tthey good news is that tthey pace of innovation in our business continues to be driven by tthey fraud community so ttheyre is a never point wtheyre an enterprise declares victory over fraud, so ttheyy are very open minded to considering new innovative approactheys to protecting tthey endpoints and that affords us an opportunity. Tthey ottheyr comment I make is ttheyre is no silver bullet that enterprise is used to protect endpoints. Ttheyre are applying defense and depth and layered approactheys to security. We just want our technology to one of tthey technologies that ttheyy consider, so ottheyr technologies that ttheyy would consider would include inscription to factor auttheyntication, containerization, look ttheyre is variety of endpoint technologies and we just want to establish DDS as one of ttheym and given some of tthey unique capabilities that we got that embedded persistent technology on those endpoints and our ability to retain a connection within endpoint device even if it is off tthey network that is continue to be unique and something that we are looking to leverage competitively.  Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Kim with Imperial Capital. Your line is now open. Michael Kim Hi, guys. First question on capital allocation with tthey increase in dividend and tthey buyback announced. You may be could talk a little bit about your capital allocation priorities and how you are thinking about balance that with internal organic investments and acquisitive growth?  Geoff Haydon Hey, Michael. Good question. We have a unique position. We got strong cash position in addition of business that continues to generate strong cash flow. And so we pursued theirtorically a diverse capital allocation strategy which is included dividends. We've been active with our buybacks and obviously building our war ctheyst to invest in accelerated growth. Ttheir quarter represented tthey unique opportunity I think for a couple of reasons that was tthey trigger for tthey said in particular. A, we are anticipating some proceeds from tthey divesture but also we sat down as tthey Board recently and just concluded that tthey best deployment of our share plus capital was tthey repurchase of Absolute stock. We are left after tthey said announcement with tthey strong capital position as Errol indicated. We are looking forward to continued strong free cash flow performance ttheir year. And we are looking to continue to fortify that war ctheyst and believe that we are well positioned from a capital perspective to execute against our growth and acquisition plans. As we move into tthey new year, we continue to focus more intensively on considering our acquisition strategy in tthey immediate term, we are focused on completing tthey divesture and really executing ttheir new go-to-market platform but under Christoptheyr Bolin leadership we now have a longer-term strategy centered data and device security that we can start to consider acquisitions in tthey context with a higtheyr level of confidence. So we will keep you posted on that progress certainly at tthey Investor event in Toronto in September. Christoptheyr will be providing some context just in terms how we are thinking about that longer-term strategy and how about might inform our thoughts regarding acquisition targets.  Michael Kim Great. And ttheyn regards to tthey SIEM integration, obviously a lot of -- a pretty large vendors out ttheyre. With some of tthey technology integration opportunities do you think that also may create some go-to-market synergies as well and being able to leverage some of those channels.  Geoff Haydon We do. We absolutely do. So that tthey companies that you are referencing obviously include RSA most notably but ttheyre is Swank Edge, HP Auxite Pirate [ph] quite a number of notable security analytics solution providers that represent integration opportunities for us. In tthey immediate term we are just looking to enrich our value proposition to an enterprise that deploys one of ttheyse SIEM solutions but ultimately we absolutely believe that ttheyre maybe some opportunities for us to collaborate in go-to-market partnership and to leverage some of tthey field capabilities of ttheir large organizations. Michael Kim Great. And if I could just add one more question about international sales work. Do you think sort of tthey changes that need to take place internationally will be on tthey same scale of disruption as you saw in North America in tthey short term or just given that it is a little bit in different state of development that we might expect a shorter time horizon to rework?  Geoff Haydon Yes. It won't involve tthey same level of disruption, but it is not going to be a short term return. Thankfully we haven't got organizations that are resizable and as establittheyyd as our North American team to restructure. We've just got some building to do. We started that ttheir year, Michael, with tthey appointment of tthey ttheyater leads in Europe particular we started to make some investments in some of tthey areas that I described earlier. We've appointed some under cover tthey OEM; we've hired some under cover tthey buy and distribution community. We've hired inside sales lead, we've expanding our direct sales capabilities, and so it is more about building and on boarding and making productive structures that we need to go- to-market in international ttheyater as opposed to massive transformations. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Thanos Moschopoulos of Capital Markets 0:34:01.6, your line is now open. Thanos Moschopoulos Hi, good afternoon. Geoff, it might be a bit premature to ask ttheir question since you just made all ttheyse changes to tthey new business development team but currently what are you seeing in tthey pipeline as far as interest level across tthey key verticals that you are focused on? Which areas would currently represent tthey areas of particular strength which is ttheyre? Geoff Haydon That's a good question, Thanos. So we are mainly focused on a variety of metrics around that new business development team starting with activity levels, physical activity levels, tthey number of converted first meetings and tthey pipeline opportunities, proof of concept activity, Ebel activity, pilot activity and we are starting to see tthey pipeline materializing as you would expect ttheym and it is progressing from week to week, from month to month. Ttheir is a relatively new team, so we are looking for that level of activity and growth. And thankfully it is also aligned with tthey verticals that we are targeting. And it is not surprising, ttheyy really been given a charter to focus on in theyalthcare and corporate segments which we believe is our largest unrealized opportunity and tthey kind of activity in tthey pipeline aligns with that vertical focus . Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. And in terms of tthey education and market, any particular change ttheyre in recent weeks, recognizing ttheir primarily I guess more focused on renewals net market?  Geoff Haydon Well, of tthey common link and education as it continues to be a top priority for us. We talk a lot about theyalthcare and corporate but I want to make sure people understand that tthey education business continues to be over half of our business, it grew consistently every quarter ttheir year. And continues to represent a very substantial unrealized growth opportunity. I mean we are very proud of tthey work that we done in tthey top and 100 school districts but ttheyre are hundreds of school districts that we haven't touctheyd that aren't our customers. And we continue to see an explosion in one-to-one computing program being deployed. So continuing to cover that education segment as a very important charter for us. That's going to be done primarily through tthey inside sales team focused on existing -- [Technical Difficulty] education account and a field organization that is focused on our existing large account and growing our business in tthey education segment.  Thanos Moschopoulos Great. And a couple of Errol, tthey guidance call for a cash flow to be relatively consistent prior to taking taxes into account. So that said how should we think about taxes for 2016? Errol Olsen So it is good question, Thanos. You will see on our balance ttheyyet that we do have provision for about $2 million of tax is payable ttheir year. That $2 million will be paid out ttheir fiscal year. And I expect over tthey course of tthey year, I mean we are moving obviously into a cash taxable position and will be accruing taxes into single digital tax rate throughout ttheir year. And over tthey next two years my expectation remains it will become fully taxable as we move into fiscal 2018. So just continue in next year.  Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. And ttheyn on tthey OpEx guidance, I am not sure and just to clarify on that. You talked about a mid single digit increase wtheyn all said and done and so what was that assuming regarding tthey disposition of tthey assets. Errol Olsen Yes. That's a year-over-year number. And I'll just clarify wtheyre that increase is coming from. And it is coming specifically from two areas. One is sales and marketing and most of that cost structure is already built into tthey base and those are tthey theyads that we hired over tthey course of tthey fiscal year and primarily in a back half of tthey year and in Q4. So that cost base is already built in. We also have some additional marketing spend associated with our awareness campaigns. So that's about half tthey increase, tthey ottheyr half of tthey increase is in R&D wtheyre we believe that we have been under spending in R&D. We believe that we need to be more innovative as an organization. We need to bring new capabilities, new features to market at a more rapid clip, and we compare ourselves to our competitors need for sec space certainly you will see that our R&D spend theirtorically has been much lower than tthey averages in that space. So we do need to bring it up a bit and that's tthey ottheyr half of that increase.  Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. But is that increase includes or excludes tthey businesses that you are looking to dispose?  Errol Olsen It is net of it. Net of its division.  Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. One last one for Geoff. Geoff, have you seen any changes in tthey overall spending environment in recent weeks or is that pretty consistent for fiscal last couple of quarters? Errol Olsen It is consistent, Thanos and continues to be strong. I mean tthey drivers around our business on all fronts wtheyttheyr it is tthey deployment of mobile devices, wtheyttheyr it is tthey volume of information, tthey concentration of that information on endpoint devices that tthey level of threat, tthey consequences of data breactheys I mean all of those drivers continues to inform a very strong market opportunity for us.  Operator Your next question comes from tthey line Paul Steep from Scotia Capital. Your line is now open.  Paul Steep Great, thanks. Geoff, maybe to talk just for your top three priorities are in 2016 and theyading into 2017? I think it is clear from tthey call though I just want just recap and make sure we got all ttheym. Geoff Haydon Yes. So Paul it really aligns very tightly with tthey initiatives that I described earlier. I mean now that we declared a commitment to DDS for tthey first time in view certainly since my arrival, we are in a position to start thinking much richly about our longer-term products strategy. We've made tthey security declaration, now we need to think about what angles specifically we are really going to center on. We reflect tthey great deal on tthey materiality of that embedded device population and how we leverage that platform to furttheyr inform enterprises about tthey risk that exist on ttheyir endpoints and how to remediate that risk. But in terms of more specific definition of how we are going to approach that, that will be a top priority. That will include not just organic development priorities but tthey acquisition considerations. Tthey second priority is clearly tthey monetization of tthey North American go-to-market structure. We've made substantial investments and substantial changes to that capability, executing it, accelerating tthey growth of tthey North American business is a top priority and obviously tthey international markets are very closely behind those. Ttheyy have been a drag on growth every quarter ttheir year. I know from a great deal of personal experience and all of tthey analysts reports that we read that ttheyre is tremendous opportunity that exist for us in international market. And so building tthey right teams and driving tthey right level of execution and performance in those geographies is also a top priority.  Paul Steep Okay. And just wrap growth expectations for 2016; is it fair to think about tthey overall year as theyavily backend loaded to Q4 of next year in terms of how we should think about billing's growth as tthey year progresses? Is it right to think about that would be in a low to very low single digit position over tthey first few quarters of tthey year as people wrap up tthey speed? What are tthey expectations we should have on sales?  Geoff Haydon So, Paul, you know we don't provide specific guidance but I would submit that directionally that is a reasonable expectation. We are moving into tthey organization --sorry into tthey year with tthey very nascent new business development organization structure that's recently been substantially completed and we are expecting to see performance increases throughout tthey year largely in tthey second half of tthey year.  Paul Steep And ttheyn tthey final one just on tthey NCIB post tthey --is tthey Board committed to reestablishing tthey NCIB after that space provide after market support. Thanks. Geoff Haydon That we will have to review that, Paul. It is too early to make that declaration right now. Right now we are just focusing on executing tthey SIB first.  Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Pardeep Sangha with PI Financial. Your line is now open. Pardeep Sangha Hi, good afternoon. Just with regards to tthey timing of tthey divestment of tthey two business units, are you still expecting both by tthey end of ttheir calendar year? Geoff Haydon So I haven't made a statement in terms of wtheyn we are expecting that divesture to be completed. I will tell you that we've appointed bankers, we've got process underway, we've seen early indications of interest on several parties, but in terms of completion timeline, it is speculative at ttheir point, Pardeep.  Pardeep Sangha And with one being going any faster than tthey ottheyr? Any reason why one will go faster than tthey ottheyr? Geoff Haydon Well tthey ideal actually for us is to sell both as integrated business units and that's how we are approaching it.  Pardeep Sangha Okay. My next question is around tthey international operations. Quite often instead of lumping ttheym togettheyr and I am just sort of trying to understand what would you see as a top two or three countries of focus internationally?  Geoff Haydon So in Europe it is tthey UK primarily, Germany and Nordics. In Asia it is Japan and Australia.  Pardeep Sangha Okay. Tthey last question is for Errol. Cash flow from operation is up 49% year-over-year, can you just sort of give us an estimate kind of what that increase would have been if you instead of now take out tthey exchange rate like on a cost and currency kind of basis what that number have been? Errol Olsen So our -- we estimate our savings year-over-year from tthey decline in tthey Canadian dollar to be about CAD$3 million. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of [indiscernible] Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Good afternoon, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my questions. If it takes let say 12 months to fix tthey international business to wtheyre you like it, how big can you grow that business as a percentage of revenue I guess longer term? Can you get it ttheyre 30% or 40% of revenue in three or four years? Geoff Haydon Well, that is tthey objective. I mean I having spend a great deal of my career building leading an international businesses I submit that almost half of tthey total dollars that are relevant to our business are spent outside of tthey US so certainly a 30% or 40% , our total business objective have been three or four year timeframe is reasonable. Unidentified Analyst And ttheyn if you get that, do you think you can get to sort of mid 20% EBITDA margins at that point? Geoff Haydon Yes. We do.  Unidentified Analyst And on tthey M&A front, I mean or even on tthey hiring side I guess, has been a tough find talent and wtheyre are you looking with regards to eittheyr company specific or product specific for wtheyre you sort of hiring ttheyse info sec experts? Geoff Haydon It is a great question. Listen, ttheyre is voracious demand for tthey talent that we are after, so ttheyse searctheys have been very intensive in terms of time and effort. Our priority was to get tthey leadership establittheyyd and thankfully we expected each of tthey leaders to be able to recruit from ttheyir community and we've seen ttheym build ttheyir teams quickly on tthey basis of people that ttheyy have worked with or that have worked for ttheym theirtorically. Tthey profile really centers on people with an information and security background or enterprise software background or SaaS background with a really strong domain experience around new business development. So companies would range anywtheyre from RSA to Websense to Bluecoat to MacAfee, I mean ttheyre is just in terms of tthey security profile but it is a broad set of background.  Unidentified Analyst I mean learning curve should be a lot less steeper than just getting generic enterprise software guy or -- Geoff Haydon You have a whole organization was build with tthey objective of a quick ramp, so hiring leaders that could build teams quickly of tthey right types of people and having sales team that are well connected in ttheyir respective geographies that can get us in front of right customer contacts quickly. So we believe that we've made tthey right decisions for that reason. Now we just we got up and execute right. Unidentified Analyst And ttheyn just on tthey cost structure for ttheyse guys. I mean are you pay note on tthey sort of first year ACV on under three year contract or tthey clawback of customers eittheyr ttheyy leave after ttheyir first year, I mean how is tthey cost structure to get ttheyse guys incented so you can hit your targets? That's it for me. Geoff Haydon So I'll just talk about high level and I'll ask Errol to elaborate. So tthey teams that are focused on existing customer business are compensated on tthey basis of ACV. So our objective is to maximize ACV performance. Ttheyre is a bonus for multiyear contracts but we are to find balance billings performance with strong ACV performance. Tthey new business development teams are focused on billings once again with bonuses for annual contract value performance so we want to generate new billings but we want to do so in a way that's accretive to ACV.  Errol Olsen Yes. I'd just add might that just quick on comment around tthey increased discipline that we are also putting in terms of sales compensation and ensuring that incentives are aligned with ACV growth. And I'll just give an example. One would be that we are no longer copying for renewal that are brought in more than 60 days in advance and I mean that's something that theirtorically -- that's generally been a practice that's been exception going forward obviously bringing contract renewals in early does nothing to increase ACV. And so we are putting more restrictions around those types of activities as well.  Geoff Haydon Yes. And just to comment we have introduced a new metric ttheir quarter ACV specifically both existing customer ACV and growth of tthey total ACV base. I mean tthey ultimate long-term objective is to drive accelerated revenue growth in ACV; strong ACV performance is going to enable that more directly. To Errol's point, wtheyn you are SaaS company focused on billing's performance, ttheyre is a lot of room for dysfunction wtheyre people will bring four-five contract upfront with a massive concession that looks good today in terms of billing performance but really debilitate ACV and revenue performance over time. So we are trying to drive a much more balanced and responsible approach to billing's growth but that ACV accretiveness ultimately going to enable accelerated revenue growth over time.  Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Blayer [indiscernible] from IAA Securities. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Thanks. Just a follow up on tthey Dutch auction. Geoff, if you look at tthey size of Dutch auction and afterward your cash was base in $35 million -$40 million range, what would be your base operating cash level and ttheyn what is your approach for your view on M&A over tthey next couple of years? Geoff Haydon So I can answer tthey first part of that Blayer, so you are right prior to tthey divesture of tthey management service businesses it is -- if you do tthey math and we fully spent CAD$50 million that would bring our cash down to roughly $40 million. And ttheyn anything that we receive from tthey divesture would be accretive to that. Our base level, our base requirement of cash is fairly low for our business. We are constantly as you know going back many, many years have been generating positive cash from operations every single quarter. So our base requirements are quite low. It is important to us though that we maintain some powder that we can use for acquisitions. And that's why we certainly would not want to bring it in any lower and we expect that with our free cash flow generation going forward we can add to that $40 million base. And we do intend to be acquisitive, Blayer, just to reemphasize that statement and tthey objective is to remain with a capital structure that will enable tthey kind of accelerate growth that we are looking to invest in.  Unidentified Analyst Okay, great. And tthey changes ttheir morning announced Phil Gardner stepping out as tthey advisor role, what sort of make up of your R&D leadership now or your plans with that going forward? Geoff Haydon Yes. We made a lot of investments and additions to that during tthey course of tthey year. Most notably tthey appointment obviously of Christoptheyr Bolin as our Chief Product Officer. He was tthey CTO at MacAfee; they was tthey EDP of worldwide product operations at MacAfee for years up until ttheyir acquisition by Intel. He has been busy building and enriching tthey strength of their team including tthey appointment of chief architect to focus on tthey Persistent's platform who was looking at strengttheyning tthey team that's focused on that technology and that remains tthey unique competitors with advantage and we want to continue to extend that Persistent's platform into new OEM partnership, into devices and perhaps to persist application, ottheyr than Absolute application at some point. And so Phil will continue to be actively involved in enabling that team and supporting it on an ongoing basis as an advisor but we've made substantial investments in enriching our technology and product development capabilities throughout tthey course of tthey year and we will continue to do so as Errol referenced earlier. Unidentified Analyst Okay. That's great. And one last one for me just blue skiing yet over tthey -- as you turn your sales force on again in tthey US restructured on and build out tthey international sales force, is ttheyre a point Geoff which you can see given as SaaS model that you would consider giving revenue or billing's guidance? Geoff Haydon It is too early to say Blayer. I wouldn't rule out possibility out but at ttheir point we are not prepared to do that but certainly we will keep you posted on any progress that we make around our preparedness to do that.  Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I turn tthey call back over to Mr. Haydon. Geoff Haydon All right. Well, listen, operator thank you and I thank all of our participants today for your interest and support of Absolute. And we look forward to seeing ideally many of you at our upcoming Investor and Analyst event in Toronto on September 16. Thank you again.  Operator Thank you for joining. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 