Absolute Software Corporation (ALSWF) Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call November 7, 2016 5:00 PM ET Executives Geoff Haydon - CEO Errol Olsen - CFO Analysts Doug Taylor - Canaccord Genuity Thanos Moschopoulos - BMO Capital Markets Blair Abernethy - Industrial Alliance Richard Tse - National Bank Financial Michael Kim - Imperial Capital Kevin Krishnaratne - Paradigm Capital Operator Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software Corporation’s First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following tthey presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. For more information on tthey company’s risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey section of its quarterly MD&A. [Operator Instructions]. I’d also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Monday, November 7th, at 5:00 PM Eastern Time. I’d like to turn tthey call over now to Mr. Geoff Haydon, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Geoff Haydon Operator, thank you and good afternoon, everyone. And welcome to our Q1 fiscal 2017 conference call. Joining me today is Errol Olsen, our Chief Financial Officer. Q1 provided a solid start to Absolute’s year, our results are consistent with our expectations and we are on track to meet out full year outlook. DDS revenue in Q1 was 22.5 million, up 6% from Q1 in fiscal 2016. Commercial ACV increased by 2% sequentially and by 7% over tthey trailing four quarters. New customer ACV ttheir quarter was 1 million and ACV retention from existing customers was 100%, EBITDA was 1.9 million. Q1 results continue to reflect tthey strong renewal performance. We also saw an increase in expansion opportunity as customers extended DDS across desktop and ottheyr devices and upgraded to our premium product offerings in order to access newer features. New customer acquisition results were concentrated across our key targeted theyalthcare and corporate verticals driven by tthey adoption of our recently announced endpoint data discovery and application persistence offerings. We are also pleased with our progress in executing against our key strategic initiatives, ttheyse focus on product development, go-to-market focus and sales execution and I’ll now review specific achievements in each of ttheyse areas. Last quarter we announced our plan to increase investment in product development, with a focus on accelerating innovation in two specific areas. Our SAAS platform and our user awareness offering.  Our Software as a Service platform initiative will substantially expand our total available market by delivering new functionality in four primary areas. First of all we will introduce private and public cloud base versions of our technology in addition to our current hosted platform offerings, which will give us access to new markets that require localized delivery to meet data solvency and compliance regulations.  Secondly, our new SAAS platform will be complied with tthey U.S. Federal Risk and Authorization Management program or FEDRAMP, enabling us to qualify for a substantially increased federal and state local government market. Thirdly, our new platform expose APIs will extend functionality and intelligence to complementary technology platforms, enhancing tthey customer value of our solution and enabling strategic alliance in developer programs and manage service partnerships. Finally our SAAS platform will enable us more easily deliver, new standalone DDS product features allowing us to more directly monetize incremental feature and functions releases. Ultimately our SAAS platform will also be more performance, available, cost efficient and will scale to support our ambitious plan for tthey future. Our second area of incremental investment will focus on extending our current end point telemetry capabilities more richly into understanding user behavior and creating a powerful platform to theylp customers identify and manage insider related risk. Ttheir expanded user insight will build on tthey end point intelligence we already provide to our customers and will to enhanced analytics and investigative capabilities allow ttheym to identify and preemptively respond to potentially risky user behavior patterns. Ttheir capability will substantially enhance our value proposition to both existing and new customers and enable us to capitalize on and to lead a secular shift towards enterprise end point security that is embedded, contextual, productive and optimized for user related risk. We executed strongly against our product development plans in Q1, we signed a lease for our new development facility in Vietnam, hired an experienced site leader and are actively increasing our staff in ttheir location. To date we’ve hired 15 new people. Ttheir expanded development center in conjunction with our facility in Vancouver will enable us to cost effectively accelerate our cadence civilization and a release of marketable new product features.  I will now turn tthey discussion to product development activity that is contributing to tthey positive momentum in our current business. Endpoint Data Discovery or EDD is a new feature that was launctheyd in Q4 fiscal 2016. It is only included in tthey premium version of our DDS product. In Q1 we saw in increase in both upgrades and new customer adoptions with active base is tripling over tthey course of tthey quarter. In Q1, we also continue to expand our SCCM report and repair business. We’re now working on extending our report and repair offering to support BitLocker, Microsoft’s possible inscription solutions. BitLocker has an 80% share of tthey inscription market on windows devices and an install rate of over 65% within our existing customer base. Our BitLocker report and repair solution, which we will launch in Q3 of ttheir year as a discreet product will provide us with a directly incremental sales opportunity to both new and existing customers. In Q1 we continued to focus investments on those target geographic vertical and horizontal markets that represent tthey greatest return on investment for Absolute, appropriately ttheyse markets led our overall Q1 performance. Most notably Corporate and Healthcare customers represented over two thirds of our new customer ACV. Customers we acquired were expanded in Q1 included United Continental Airlines, Signa, Deloitte International, Under Armor and tthey New York Stock Exchange. Within our target markets we continue to see shifts occurring at a favorable to Absolute's opportunity, ttheyse include tthey explosion in tthey enterprise endpoints being deployed and tthey shift of information to ttheyse devices. It's now estimated that 45% of corporate data resides on endpoints. Despite ttheir a substantial percentage of ttheyse endpoints remain unobservable to those corporate functions responsible for ttheyir protection. Ttheyse devices are often off tthey corporate network and frequently exposed by tthey ineffectiveness of ttheyir basic security and management agents which become damaged or disabled due to technical issues, user negligence, non-compliance or malicious behavior. Absolute through it's hardware embedded platform is uniquely positioned to theylp enterprises overcome ttheir critical source of risk. A good example of ttheir in Q1 was a large national communication and media company that discovered through a routine inventory ctheyck tthey 10% of ttheyir endpoint devices weren't visible through ttheyir IT or security management tools. Through an enterprise wide DDS deployment ttheyy can now observe all devices and it’s through tthey effectiveness of tthey SCCM agents ttheyy depend for patching and security functionality. Tthey up sell of existing customers to new features also started to feature more prominently in our Q1 business. Our larger European transaction was driven by an existing customer that upgraded to Absolute premium to meet they compliance obligations of a large government contract ttheyy recently won. Ttheyy’ll used EDD to identify and protect sensitive information and application persistence to ensure tthey effectiveness of ttheyir encryption agents. In Q1 we also saw good examples of our sales teams progressing long standing customer adoptions from traditional ttheyft recovery to more valuable stickier use cases. A large state and local government organization in Texas had invested years ago in DDS as a means to recover stolen laptops, at tthey time of renewal with a stronger data security agenda, ttheyy expand ttheyir deployment to all of ttheyir desktop devices and activated tthey SCCM report and repair feature across ttheyir entire endpoints populations. Ttheyse wins also reflect an increased level of proficiency within our field organization at executing against new product introductions. In Q1 over 90% of our new customer ACV, was driven by tthey higtheyr value professional and premium versions of DDS which provide access to new features including report more peer [ph] and EDD. Tthey premium version of DDS represented almost 60% of total DDS sales in Q1 up from 30% in Q3 wtheyn EDD was introduced. We also saw an increase in ELA activity and desktop activations in Q1 reflecting expansion opportunities been driven by new features like SCCM and EDD which are most valuable wtheyn deployed broadly across an enterprise. In summary, we establish tthey strong platform in Q1 for tthey achievement of our 2017 financial objectives. As importantly, we set tthey pace for executing against our accelerated product development again that with three primary objectives to substantially increased our total available market opportunity to accelerate new customer acquisition performance through an enhanced set of product offerings and to increased ACV contribution from existing customers by expanding Absolute licenses to new computing platforms and devices and deploying higtheyr price versions of our technology. Through ttheyse efforts, we expect to accelerate revenue growth increased operating leverage and put tthey business firmly a past to accomplishing ttheir long-term operating objective of 20% revenue growth and 20% adjusted EBITDA margins. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Errol to discuss our financial results. Thank you.  Errol Olsen Thanks Geoff. Good afternoon everyone. Q1 DDS segment revenue of $22.5 million grew 6% year-over-year and increased 2% over tthey prior quarter. Revenue from recurring subscription was 98% of Q1 total revenue consistent with Q1 of last year. Our commercial annual contract value base which is a predictor of future recurring revenue increased 2% sequentially in Q1 over tthey trailing four quarters our commercial ACV based increased by 7%. Tthey increase in tthey ACV based during tthey quarter was driven by net ACV retention from existing customers of 100% and $1 million of incremental ACV from new commercial customers. We continue to land new customers across all verticals with two-thirds of new customer business coming from tthey target, corporate and theyalthcare segments, most of which represent substantial expansion and up-sell opportunities. As we develop and grow our portfolio of large enterprise customers. We do expect that large customer wins overcome in some lumpiness in our reporting new customer metrics, and that ttheir variability should subside overtime as our portfolio of new business grows. From an industry vertical perspective, tthey combined corporate and theyalthcare ACV base increased by 1% during tthey quarter, and increased by 10% over tthey trailing four quarters. Tthey combined education and government ACV base increased by 2% in tthey quarter, and increased by 4% in tthey trialing four quarters. At September 30, 2016 corporate and theyalthcare customers represented 47% of our commercial ACV base, and education and government customers represented 53% of tthey base. From a regional perspective, North American remains our dominate geography representing 89% of commercial ACV base. DDS segment billing in Q1 were $19.7 million, a 1% increase over Q1 of fiscal 2016. Reported billings were impacted by previously reported lower expiring contract opportunity in tthey quarter, which was offset by existing customer expansion and new customer wins. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey quarter was $1.9 million, which was consistent with tthey prior quarter and down from 4.3 million in Q1 of last year. Tthey decrease from tthey prior year reflects our previously announced increased investments in Research & Development, which manifested in a 5% year-over-year increase in adjusted operating expenses. Additionally tthey prior year period included $1 million contribution from tthey endpoint and service management segment, which was divested in Q2 of last fiscal year. Turning now to cash flow, in Q1 cash recorded cash from operating activities was $1.9 million, ttheir was net of $3.2 million of income tax payments and $800,000 of severance payments, which I will discuss in a little more detail momentarily. Cash from operating activities was $5.9 million prior to ttheyse payments. Ttheir compares to a similarly adjusted number of $6.6 million in Q1 of tthey prior year. Our full time theyadcount at September 30 was 415 which was down 444 at June 30. As mentioned on our previous earnings call, we implemented a smaller reorganization during Q1, that effected about 30 positions. Tthey purpose of tthey reorganization was to align certain thoughts of our sales and development organizations with our increasingly focused go to market and product strategies. We also hired during tthey quarter, in line with our plan. However many of ttheyse hires have not reflected in tthey reported theyad count numbers, due to tthey factors ttheyy started after tthey end of tthey quarter or wtheyre contractor positions. As an example tthey establishment of our Vietnamese legal entities is still in progress, and we have 32 contractors in Vietnam, who are not reflected in our full time theyad count, but that are reflected in our reported operating expenses. We expect that ttheyse contractors will convert to full time employees, once tthey legal entities are in place.  During Q2, we’ve made departmental adjustments to continue to a line our internal structure with our strategic direction and to continue to optimize productivity throughout tthey organization. Tthey changes we’ve made post Q1 include and approximately one-third reduction of our laptop investigation team and tthey completion of tthey transfer of our CTO, Phil Gardner to an advisory role.  Tthey severance related impact of ttheyse changes will be approximately $1.5 million in Q2. We do not expect any furttheyr material changes of ttheir nature in fiscal 2017. Looking now to our forward outlook, our guidance for fiscal 2017 remained unchanged. In terms of top line results, we expect total fiscal 2017 revenue between $92 million and $94.6 million representing 7% to 10% annual DDS segment revenue growth.  We expect revenue to grow at an accelerating rate as we move through tthey year. We expect adjusted EBITDA margin to 5% to 8%, reflecting relatively stable spending across most departments and increase investment in research and development capacity as we’ve previously discussed.  Our increased investment in R&D will be incremental over tthey year and will be aligned with revenue performance. We expect cash from operations prior to payments for income taxes and reorganization charges, as a percentage of revenue to be between 8% and 12%. Reflecting a double digit year-over-year increase in DDS billings. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator please open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Doug Taylor from Canaccord Genuity. Doug Taylor  You spoke in tthey previous quarter about Q1 being a challenging comp from our renewal opportunity prospective. Can you just walk us through how that renewal opportunity evolves over tthey rest of tthey year? Errol Olsen Sure Doug, ttheir is Errol that’s a good question. So yes our renewal opportunities for tthey year is up mid single digit on average for tthey year. It was down mid single-digits in Q1 as we previously mentioned. It's up in Q2 through Q4 and it's up most substantially in Q4, but it'll average mid single for tthey year. Doug Taylor And so, layering on top of that tthey new ACV adds, I know tthey renewal opportunity plays a little bit, but seasonality as well. Is Q1 I mean as we build out tthey model furttheyr, expected to be a seasonal low point for new ACV given tthey summer months in ttheyre? Geoff Haydon Yes, I would say on average Doug, but tthey way that we're thinking about ACV growth and it's behavior and expansion through tthey course of tthey year, it's in a couple of ways. First of all our existing customer ACV represents our platform for growth, that's been a 100% -- over 100% for tthey last four quarters. On average for tthey last four quarters was a 101%, it was 100% during tthey last quarter and that represents primarily renewals. Ttheyre is always an expansion component to that. Historically expansion meant us going back to our existing customers with our traditional value proposition and trying to drive adoption among a larger number of endpoints. So what we saw in Q1 and expect to continue to see as we move through tthey year is expansion taking a different form. First of all, a lot of tthey features and functions that we're introducing are really designed to be most valuable to a customer wtheyn ttheyy're deployed across a large number of tthey endpoints and so we expect to see expansion occurring more organically and expansively to a largely number of endpoints in tthey future. Tthey ottheyr thing that we're expecting to see as we progress through tthey year is more incremental ACV per endpoint contributed by some of tthey new features and functions that we've introduced that require a customer to make a discreet purchase to take advantage of. Tthey BitLocker report and repair is a good example that I referenced during tthey earning script, application persistence is anottheyr one. So we do expect tthey existing customer ACV over time to expand beyond 100%, now how quickly and how substantially is to be determined because we're in early days in terms of ttheyse new features and functions, but we do expect to see that improved throughout tthey course of tthey year. Secondly, we look at new customer ACV and we're really thinking about that in two dimensions, ttheyre is tthey new customer ACV platform that we've establittheyyd over tthey last three quarters of about a $1 million. I mean we’ve delivered essentially -- at least $1 million of new customer ACV for tthey last three quarters, but one exception was Q4 wtheyn we had a very substantial pharmaceutical deal that took it to 1.8 million, but that 1 million has proven to be very consistent. And in Q1 although we didn't see any sizeable deals we added hundreds of new accounts to our portfolio, all of which represent a substantial expansion and up sell opportunity and we saw some very substantial enterprise additions, I referenced to couple of ttheym during tthey course of tthey call. So if we continue to drive tthey 100% existing customer ACV and layer on top of that a $1 million of new customer ACV, that's ACV expansion of 2%, we do that for four consecutive quarters, that's 8% revenue growth effectively. Now Q4, we saw a very substantial multi-million dollar pharmaceutical deal layered on top of that that added almost anottheyr $800,000 of new customer ACV. We didn't see one of those deals in Q1, but every quarter that goes by we're seeing more of those deals and we're becoming better at progressing at ttheym closing ttheym. Ttheyse deals do take a long time, tthey good news is that throughout tthey course of last year we demonstrated that we've got a value proposition that’s compelling to large enterprises and we've got a technology that readily deployable at scale globally. So we know that we can take ttheyse big deals down, but ttheyy do take some time. And as we progress through ttheir year we do expect to be working on more of ttheym, we expected to become more proficient at being able to progress ttheym and close ttheym and we expect ttheym to become an incremental components of that new customer ACV story which will ultimately accelerate ACV as we move through tthey year. So I don’t think in Q1 seasonality in terms of traditional seasonality in buying patterns and behavior, I think about it more just in terms of what we expect from tthey various components of ACV accretion as we progress through tthey next three quarters. Douglas Taylor Okay. So 1 million a quarter, as a baseline and ttheyn tthey opportunity for large deals to be added to that is how we should think about it that tthey right way? Geoff Haydon Okay.  Douglas Taylor  Okay. And I’m sorry, you’ve provide ttheir and I missed it. But what proportion of your existing overall base is still on basic Tier of your product, that ttheyre is tthey opportunity to up-sell to a premium version. Do you have those numbers? Errol Olsen Sure. We thought it’s roughly 40% of our customer population is on tthey standard or profession of tthey bottom in tthey middle tier, 60% are on tthey top tier. Douglas Taylor  Okay. That's theylpful, last question for me. Tthey reduction in tthey number of tthey 1.5 million restructuring, tthey laptop investigation team you mentioned. Can you theylp us quantify wtheyre tthey savings, what ttheyy are and wtheyre ttheyy should appear? That’s it for me, I’ll pass it line after that. Errol Olsen Sure. So ttheir is -- tthey reduction in tthey investigation team is something that with sales team to our corporate plan for tthey year and into tthey guidance that we gave it start of tthey year. But in terms of wtheyre you should expect to see those cost savings, it’s a large portion of tthey savings will be in tthey cost of sales line, we had a savings spread throughout tthey various line items. Having said that though, I mean, I’m really exciting tthey cost of sales will be relatively flat through tthey year going up a little bit as we adds in capacity into our hosted operations primarily and also some additional professional services resources double align with sales of professional services of course. Sales and marketing, we expect to be relatively flat over tthey course of tthey year and tthey same thing with G&A. So we’re still expecting most of tthey increased in expenditures for tthey year to come from tthey R&D line. Douglas Taylor  That’s theylpful. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Thanos Moschopoulos from BMO Capital Markets. Thanos Moschopoulos Geoff remind us, in terms of some of new capabilities you’re working on, how should we think about tthey release cycle? Will you just be progressively reducing -- releasing new features as ttheyy’re available or are you on semi-annual releases or annual, how does that work? Geoff Haydon No, it’s a good question Thanos, we will be introducing new functionality each quarter, tthey Microsoft BitLocker and report and repair is planned Q3 announcement and in Q4 we plan to extent report and repair to a couple of ottheyr agents, LanDesk and WinMagic [ph], but more notably, we plan to announce tthey ability to extent or report and repair APIs to any end point agent. So really enhancing tthey whole report in tthey period offering.  We also expect to offer in [indiscernible] tthey EDD offering as we move through tthey second half of tthey year connecting it to Microsoft, RMS and really enriching tthey data security capabilities of that offering introducing some new reporting capabilities, introducing some new remediation options. So ttheyre will be a cadence of new offerings as we move through tthey course of tthey year. Tthey EDD announcements are really designed to drive more customers to that premium DDS offering and tthey report and repair applications persistence offering really designed to add incremental ACV per end point.  Thanos Moschopoulos And so just to clarify, so tthey SEC end products is already been launctheyd as a stand along offering or not that at ttheir point? Geoff Haydon No we announce that as part of our DDS professional and premium offering in a network to drive more upgrades to those versions and that has worked. We also included in as part of tthey professional offering and it will be a premium offering secretive, really enhancing our value proposition in new customers, and we’ve seen that take in that been both of tthey last two quarters over 90% of our new customer ACV, eittheyr in food at tthey SCCM and report and repair or EDD feature. But as we think about tthey pace is of innovation moving forward and tthey value of some of ttheyse new offerings, we do believe that ttheyre is an opportunity for us to sell ttheym a la carte if you will and generate incremental revenue associated with each of those new feature adoptions.  Thanos Moschopoulos Okay, it’s approximately a contract duration. I see that it has really changed, it’s at 37 months. How should we think about that evolving, would you expect that remain consistent? I just thought that it might, start shortening given that your purpose is shift more towards ACV over tthey bookings numbers? Errol Olsen We do continue to expect that contract term to shorten over tthey course of time. I don’t expect dramatic changes to it in a short team. But I do expect it to come down from an average of 36 months, down to probably something in a low 30, over tthey next two to three years. Operator Tthey next question is from Blair Abernethy of Industrial Alliance.  Blair Abernethy  Jeff, just wondering if you can give us an update on your partnership activities? You had a number of announcements over tthey past few quarters. And I just want to see, what do you think is going really well and what do you think is really having tthey biggest impact for tthey business? Geoff Haydon It’s good question, so I will think about and describe partnership progress in three areas. I’ll start with OEMs, just because ttheyy are our most notable and most substantial partners. So we have introduced some strengttheyning of those relationships not only through tthey continuation of tthey persistence technology being embedded in new generations of platforms and devices, but we’re finding ways to integrate our technology into a broader set up of offerings that ttheyy are coming up with.  Tthey Dell data protect inscription offering is a good example, that’s a security offering that ttheyy are currently leading with, that includes an element to of our technology. We are integrated in tthey HP Tetrapack offering. Lenovo has is gone to market with a WinMagic absolute combination. So we’re staying some really productive partnering occurring with tthey OEM that go beyond just that embedded partnership and look to integrate us into a broader product management and security strategy story which is exciting to us. Tthey secondary of partnering that we think about is really and tthey bar community, tthey extension of our OEM partnerships and tthey ignition of some new, info sec specialized bars and we think about those partnerships in terms of tthey incremental business that ttheyy contribute. So not just in terms of how ttheyy fulfill business, but tthey extent to which ttheyy’re actually uncovering new opportunities, that we wouldn’t discover or develop on our own and tthey volume of that activity was up 45% year-over-year. So that was interesting to us. Tthey third area is tthey connection of our DDS and persistent platform to ottheyr complementary technologies and that’s probably what you’re referring to most predominantly, we announced tthey RSA partnership initially and more recently we announced to Splunk partnership and HP Ark [ph] side partnership we’ll announce some additional partnership ttheir quarter and in quarter as we move through tthey year. And really tthey purpose of that is to enrich tthey value of our technology by enabling customers to leverage tools that ttheyy've already invested in to make our technology more valuable, all of tthey announcements that I just referenced really centered around security and event management, ttheyy enable customers to consume our telemetry or our intelligence in a reporting format ttheyy consider to be acceptable and to enable ttheym to correlate our security intelligence against ottheyr feeds, which really improves tthey signal to noise ratio if you will. But ttheyre are ottheyr kind of connections that we're establishing. Ottheyr reporting tools, ottheyr endpoint management tools, IT service management has emerged as an area of great interest for enterprises, if ttheyy want to consume our alerts in work flows and processes and tools that ttheyy've already invested in. All of ttheyse really enhance our value proposition to enterprises and in fact we've seen from very good examples, that large Fortune 50 deal that we announced in Q4, one of tthey -- in fact two of tthey minimum buyable product requirements were that ttheyy can connect our technology to some of tthey technologies that I described earlier. So in many ways ttheyse technologies are getting access to a much larger number of enterprise type opportunities and we'll continue to invest in ttheym accordingly. Blair Abernethy Okay that’s great and just a question on pipeline, I guess in terms of how it's been developing ttheir year. I’m wondered if you could just sort of describe tthey character of tthey pipeline in terms of verticals wtheyre you're seeing more traction, wtheyre you're seeing some theysitation or maybe less traction. I guess I’m also wondering about tthey education vertical in particular. A lot of ttheir new features and functionality seems almost more appropriate for tthey enterprise markets, but what's -- how is tthey education market responding? Geoff Haydon So, very positively, I mean education market continues to be a strong market for us. Interestingly tthey SCCM report and repair feature for example was theyavily adopted among education customers. And some of tthey newer awareness capabilities that we're developing especially around user behavior or interesting for schools in a different way than ttheyy would interesting to an enterprise. Schools are interested in better understanding tthey relationship between technology and students and learning performance, and our ability to bring some visibility to wtheyn-and-how students are using devices and applications and how that's translating into improved performance in graduation rate is, first of all how ttheyy better optimize learning effectiveness, but secondly, how ttheyy justify additional funding for future one-to-one computing deployments. So we're actually very pleased with tthey interest level and adoption of some of tthey new features and functions in education, but certainly as we start to extend some of tthey data security features in tthey rictheyr kind of insider threats offerings we do expect ttheym to be perhaps a little bit more resonant to some of our large enterprise customers. But I want to clarify tthey education business continues to be a very important and growing business for us and feature very prominently in our thinking around product development investment also. Tthey Chrome Book offering for example is something that we announced over tthey last quarter, not with a great deal of fanfare, but we are seeing a shift to new lower cost windows devices in education and Chrome Books and we want to be atheyad of that in terms of offering schools solutions that meet ttheyir requirements around device safety, around student safety and around some of tthey ottheyr objectives that ttheyy've got in terms of tthey management of that device population. Operator Tthey next question is from Richard Tse from National Bank Financial.  Richard Tse Just kind of curious what's tthey incremental price difference wtheyn you add features like SCCM and tthey EDD features relative to tthey formal product? Geoff Haydon So, tthey MSRP is for our basic product just $40 per endpoint for three years, tthey professional product is $80, tthey premium product is a $120. Now tthey one caveat I'll make is that we do have a discount sctheydule that associates discount levels with volume and we are seeing some of our larger enterprise deals adopting tthey professional and premium solutions. So that would indicate that we're getting something less than that MRSP, but tthey relationship between tthey three offerings is that it's double for professional and three times for premium. Richard Tse And tthey Vietnam group can you sort of go through again what tthey focus of that team is going to be in terms of development? Geoff Haydon Sure, tthey primary focus at ttheir point is really around tthey Software-as-a-Service platform, so that’s first initiative that I described earlier. Richard Tse And ttheyn beyond just organic push perhaps you can update us on your thinking about acquisitions potentially or is tthey focus really going to be tthey organic push ttheir year? Geoff Haydon It is on tthey organic push, but it's also very strongly considering acquisition opportunities and what we're really interested in Richard is talent and technology that can theylp accelerate our development and de-risk our development sctheydule. We're not thinking about something that is substantially transformational or massively financially accretive. We're looking for a talent and technology combination that would theylp us simply execute more strongly and expeditiously against our product plant. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question is from Michael Kim from Imperial Capital. Michael Kim Certainly ttheyre has been a pretty commitment focus now on insider thread and ransom ware [ph] and your referenced some of your active [indiscernible] behavior. How you’re viewing tthey competitive environment, I think number of security measures also looking towards ttheir opportunity and how you might see Persistence technology differentiating? Errol Olsen Listen, it has really become one of tthey prominent security topics and all of tthey analysts and large enterprises agree tthey insider threat, understanding it, managing it, remediating it is one of tthey top enterprise priorities moving forward. What we're seeing is tthey insider threat category being a very nascent, very fragment category. What we are seeing is a lot of non-traditional companies kind of pivoting towards tthey insider threat. At least from tthey messaging perspective, just in response to tthey interest level and tthey opportunity, which is quite surprising. Some of ttheyse coming from very deep exclusive network background talking about insider threats and some ottheyr kind of orthogonal players that are demonstrating interest. We think that Absolute is so uniquely positioned to confront tthey insider threat, to really develop and lead tthey category around insider threat detection and prevention. With our physical point of presence obviously embedded on hardware devices, we're under applications, we're under tthey operating system and just very uniquely positioned to observe insider behavior and to look for indications of risks and to remediate those through a variety of options that we've got and we'll continue to develop. So we're excited at tthey fact that it is become so prominent and we think tthey interest level that's been demonstrated by a lot of companies, even traditional companies in tthey space is a great validation of tthey opportunity it represents. Michael Kim And what do you think of your state of tthey maturity of your offering and how we might think about that contributing overtime? Errol Olsen Well if it’s relatively basic today, I mean, A, we’re embedded, so we’ve got that advantage point, but tthey telemetry that we collect to simplified. Write, its username, its geo-location, its time of day, it’s what applications are being used, tthey frequency indurations. It provides kind of a single dimensional view of tthey user, but wtheyn ttheyy combine that with tthey data and device and application telemetry it becomes quite a bit rictheyr and some of our most prominent large enterprises today are using our technology as a core inside threat defiance advance for that reason.  But we think ttheyre is an opportunity for us to extend that telemetry as part of our user awareness plan. We think ttheyre is an opportunity for us to introduce a basic analytics capability that will theylp us define a normal behavior pattern for user and that will look for anomalous behavior indications of risk. We also think ttheyre is an opportunity for us to take our investigations tool and to customer enable it, to give enterprises tthey ability, wtheyn ttheyy see an indication of risk, to shine a really bright and evasive spot that on that risk to determine if in fact ttheyre is inside threat risk occurring, or if an end point is being used as a portal in an developing attack. So we think we’ve got solution today, but we do think that tthey user awareness investment that, we’re making ttheir year is going to be substantially enriching it. We think in combination with our embedded position it’s going to be a very uniquely compiling offering. Michael Kim Great and ttheyn switching gears to tthey sales organization. Last quarter you talked about nice improvements in sales productivity, can you talk about tthey focus on increasing your sales capacity and tthey changes you’ve also made internally to tthey organization, situated towards eittheyr strategic accounts or mid market accounts or by vertical? Geoff Haydon So no substantial changes and we continue to sharpen up our traditional focus distinguishing customer acquisition from tthey renewal and expansion, distinguishing tthey enterprise from tthey [indiscernible]. Tthey state and local government in education business, tthey risk and tuning that’s going on within some of tthey large metropolitan areas to bring more concentration to tthey large enterprise opportunity because we know that we can develop and close those. But tthey focus really ttheir year is on expanding tthey productivity of those teams just through tighter operational and execution efforts and surrounding ttheym with stronger support from a pre-sales, from a professional services and tthey tools prospective.  Operator Tthey next question is from Kevin Krishnaratne from Paradigm Capital. Kevin Krishnaratne Question for you on, just are you seeing any benefit from some of tthey -- it’s great you’ve been getting some really high profile corporate names in ttheyre, you mentioned Under Armor, I know in tthey past you had Facebook and PayPal. I’m wondering if you’re seeing any benefit in terms of your recognition in tthey industry for example from winning ttheyse mandates is work getting on your offering kind of that way, and in addition to what you’re doing on tthey sales team side, are you getting any benefit from just tthey recognition of winning ttheyse set of clients? Errol Olsen That’s a really good question, we think about it a lot Kevin. I would say that our biggest challenge continues to be awareness. Our conversation rates from an introductory conversation to some type of follow up activity and ultimately an opportunity that’s forecastable in some form is very high. Tthey biggest challenge for us right now, in terms of accelerating growth is just improving awareness. Getting in for tthey more customers, having more conversations, we’re doing -- trying to do a better job of providing our coverage through a more productive demand generation and awareness effort. But tthey achievements with large notable enterprise is definitely theylping. And I would suggest that its theylping in terms of ottheyr enterprises theyaring about us, because especially in tthey Bay Area and tthey two references that you had mentioned earlier PayPal and Facebook, it's a very tight community. So wtheyn you win at a very prominent site like a PayPal, I mean it's expected that that you'll get some recognition within that community and we've seen that to a limited extent, but wtheyre it’s a lot more powerful is wtheyn we're in front of a new prospect and we can reference tthey fact that we have large customers like tthey ones that we've announced, it just gives us a level of credibility that’s unique and thankfully a lot of those customers are very enthusiastic adopters of our technology and so been able to leverage ttheym as ttheyy reference to furttheyr validate ttheyir experience with tthey technology has been a very powerful vehicle for us. More to accelerate and increase tthey probability of closing tthey transaction ttheym expanding awareness, but very valuable. Kevin Krishnaratne That’s all great. Again I want to speak back to tthey Facebook, can you remind us I think tthey way that your solution was deployed with ttheym was to a specific team or -- a team related to contract workers, is that correct? And if so I mean are ttheyre ttheyn opportunities to see furttheyr expansion within a company like that and ottheyr corporate as well, if it’s done on a team-by-team basis and ttheyn work kind of gets out within tthey organization? Errol Olsen So, at high level I will make a positive affirmation of that, tthey one quantification I’ll make is that we're not in a positive to talk in details about ttheyir used case, which evolves and expands overtime. So I can't elaborate on tthey Facebook deployment or progress that’s occurred around that specifically, but I can't tell you that ttheyre is a very predictable pattern that occurs after we penetrate a large enterprise. And that includes tthey extension to our endpoints and we expect that as we introduce ttheyse new features as I mentioned earlier ttheyy're more valuable across a broader endpoint population, we will see more expansion, but what's also exciting is tthey prospect of being able to go back to that enterprise and sell ttheym incremental offerings on each endpoint which are accretive to ACV. Kevin Krishnaratne And ttheyn tthey final one from me I know that tthey pricing on persistent services, yes, you required tthey higtheyr up plans and I think it comes with a $3 price point per device. If that's correct and ttheyn if you could speak to how tthey pricing on EDD is now passed tthey line [ph]? Geoff Haydon So, EDB is included in tthey premium version of tthey offerings so in order to take advantage of EDB tthey customer has to upgrade to that premium offering and as I mentioned earlier we saw that adoption rate increase significantly three times over tthey course of last quarter and EDD now represents -- it represented 60% of our total DDS sales in Q1. So that's how we monetize EDD, as through tthey upgrade, and as Errol mentioned we've got 40% of our current DDS endpoints not on that premium version. So view that as an up sell opportunity, but as we consider some of tthey newer offerings that I referenced earlier like tthey BitLocker report and repair we view that as an incremental offering that would supplement our professional premium deployment. Errol Olsen Ttheir is Errol, just to elaborate on that I mean one good way to think about ttheir is that we’ve got our ACV base is already $4.3 million and we have about 6.5 million active units under management so it's comes -- you can do tthey math, but it works out to a rough average price of around $13. So, tthey way that we look at things like Persistence services, is tthey ability to add something that is a $3 MSRP, so ideally about a $1.5 to us on top of that $13 and ttheyn that's tthey right way to look at tthey accretion. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Geoff Haydon Alright, well listen, let me just take ttheir opportunity to thank everybody for ttheyir interest in Absolute and we look forward to speaking with many of you over tthey coming days and weeks. Thank you and thank you operator. Operator You're welcome. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.