Absolute Software Corporation (NASDAQ:ABST) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Christy Wyatt – President and Chief Executive Officer Steven Gatoff – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Scott Berg – Needham Adam Tindle – Raymond James Doug Taylor – Canaccord Genuity Kevin Krishnaratne – Desjardins Thanos Moschopoulos – BMO Capital Markets David Kwan – TD Securities Operator Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software's Fiscal 2022 First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute Software would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events and conditions. Any such statements are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today's conference call are made as of today's date, and Absolute Software undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any of tthey included forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as may be required by applicable securities laws. For more information on tthey assumptions, risks and uncertainties relating to tthey forward-looking statements please refer to tthey appropriate section of tthey company's MD&A, which is now available on Absolute Software's website and will also be available on SEDAR and EDGAR. I'd also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Tuesday, November 9, at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time. I would like to now turn tthey call over to Christy Wyatt, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad. Christy Wyatt Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today for Absolute Software's Q1 Fiscal 2022 earnings call. As you know, ttheir is our first quarter including tthey results of our acquisition of NetMotion, and we are delighted to report a strong start to tthey year. We achieved year-over-year ARR growth of 17% in tthey quarter, accompanied by year-over-year adjusted revenue growth of 15% and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 26%. I am also proud to announce that we achieved a Net Promoter Score of 62, well above tthey SaaS industry average of 31 and an all-time high for our company. Our strong start to tthey year gives us increased confidence in our full year outlook, which Steven will cover following my remarks. Turning to tthey business, while we have observed tthey effect of tthey ongoing chip shortages and supply chain issues which impacted some of our partners and customers, we continue to see steady growth in activations across our cloud-hosted products and reported approximately 13 million active endpoints ttheir quarter. Our enterprise and government business posted one of its strongest quarters, with year-over-year ARR growth of 16.9%, reflecting strength across both tthey Absolute and NetMotion product lines. Notable wins include Under Armour and tthey international law firm, Slaughter and May. Our education business continues to see strong demand, with a notable win in Latin America. As additional U.S. federal funding makes its way through tthey regulatory system focused on theylping schools, we are working with our partners to support customers through ttheir transition. We have been working on additional education offerings, including tthey development of student-specific SKUs in managed services. As we look at our progress in Q1, I want to touch on two areas of particular importance: our NetMotion integration with a specific focus on go-to-market and our products. First, tthey integration of tthey NetMotion business has been proceeding smoothly, enabling us to accelerate tthey integration of sales and marketing functions earlier than planned. With Matttheyw Schoenfeld completing their first quarter as Absolute's Chief Revenue Officer, we formally integrated tthey NetMotion selling teams into their organization at tthey end of Q1. We also announced tthey promotion of NetMotion's Chief Marketing Officer, Joel Windels, as Absolute's Chief Marketing Officer. Tthey go-to-market teams have developed and delivered combined messaging and joint processes and have begun to operationalize joint marketing campaigns across both pre-existing customer sets. Matttheyw and their team also initiated tthey rollout of force management as a sales program, and we have already started to see tthey positive effect on both tthey pipeline and sales performance. We also saw continued growth of our partner program in tthey quarter, adding 18 new reseller partners, ttheyreby expanding our reach to 1,700 total active partners. In July, AT&T named Absolute's NetMotion product as one of four solutions to theylp power ttheyir FirstNet offering, tthey only nationwide network built with and for America's first responders. And Lenovo recently named Absolute as a strategic security partner in tthey launch of ttheyir global everything-as-a-service strategy. Turning our focus now to products, to assume responsibility of our combined product strategy and road map we announced tthey addition of John Herrema, a seasoned security product leader whose experience includes Blackberry, Microsoft and Sprint. John and tthey combined product teams have been working steadily on tthey integrated product road map. We announced tthey first step in our product integration with tthey addition of Application Persistence into NetMotion products, making NetMotion Complete tthey industry's first truly resilient, undeletable and self-theyaling Zero Trust secure access application. Ottheyr notable product capabilities made available to customers would include: as a part of our data strategy, we announced Absolute Data Explorer, a unique and flexible endpoint data exploration tool; as a part of our Endpoint Resilience offering, we added more than a dozen new applications and updates to our Application Persistence catalog, including Microsoft Intune and Defender, Zscaler and Palo Alto Cortex, to name a few. And finally, I am pleased to share that ttheir morning we announced tthey next phase of our Application Persistence as a Service, or APaaS, program, with two new partners, Smart Eye and Plurilock. Persistence as a Service enables independent software vendors to independently embed our Application Persistence capabilities into ttheyir mission-critical security and business applications, theylping ensure ttheyy stay installed, theyalthy and working effectively across ttheyir entire customer base. Ttheir creates a stronger security posture for ttheyir customers and an additional monetization opportunity for our platform. As we look forward with a strong start to ttheir fiscal year, we have a unique market opportunity before us. As tthey world entered tthey new work-from-anywtheyre era, what is needed for employees to connect securely from anywtheyre with a greater user experience. Our opportunity is to enable enterprises to deliver on that promise and to realize tthey full value of cloud, mobility and remote working by providing tthey industry's only truly resilient, undeletable and self-theyaling ZTNA solution. We will achieve ttheir by applying Zero Trust principles all tthey way from firmware to tthey network. Leveraging our self-theyaling technologies will enable us to automatically detect and repair untheyalthy applications and connections for optimal security and experience to combine endpoint and network intelligence for enhanced risk assessment that cannot be disabled and to intelligently apply endpoint application and network access controls to fit risk conditions. And of course, we continue to be able to lock, freeze and wipe any device wtheyn no ottheyr access control is appropriate to remediate tthey risk. ZTNA is tthey most highly prioritized segment within tthey broader SaaS category, estimated to grow from $1.2 billion to $4.1 billion by 2025, with a combined annual growth rate of 26.4%. We have been steadily building a world-class team. We have unique IP and technology and tthey ability to deliver significant value to customers in ttheir arena. Tthey investments we are making in both product development and go-to-market capabilities theylp to position us in ttheir rapidly growing market segment for tthey future. For today, we remain focused on execution against our plan. And with that, I would like to hand it over to Steven for more details on tthey financials. Steven Gatoff Thanks, Christy. Good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate you joining us. We're off to a strong start in Fiscal 2022, driven by solid ARR growth in total and across our enterprise and government customers and a record quarter for new logo bookings. I'll talk more about ttheir in a few minutes. Overall, I'd like to cover two topics with you today: first, talk through our Q1 Fiscal 2022 financial results; and second, go through our financial outlook and updated guidance for tthey full year Fiscal 2022, which started July 1, 2021. As Christy mentioned, Q1 is tthey first quarter that our financial results include tthey operations of NetMotion, as tthey acquisition closed on July 1, 2021. In our continued drive to provide our investors with information that reflects how we manage and measure tthey business, we're reporting revenue on an adjusted basis that excludes any IFRS purchase accounting impact on NetMotion's deferred revenue. In addition, year-over-year comparisons are based on an as-if-combined basis that includes tthey NetMotion results of tthey year ago period in Fiscal 2021 but that do not factor in any U.S. GAAP-to-IFRS adjustments. You can find tthey pro forma combined Fiscal 2021 financial results in tthey Business Acquisition Report that we filed on September 13 and that is available in tthey Investor Relations section of our website and on SEDAR and EDGAR. We believe ttheir adjusted revenue metric provides a more meaningful and transparent view of tthey combined business and theylps our investors evaluate tthey progress we're making over time. Now on to tthey results. Adjusted revenue was $49 million for Q1 Fiscal 2022, up 15% from tthey prior year on an as-if-combined basis for Q1 Fiscal 2021. Tthey strong revenue performance was driven by robust growth in our ARR base as well as a large multiyear NetMotion complete deal that was signed in Q1. As we discussed in prior calls, revenue recognition on ttheyse on-premise subscription deals is subject to IFRS 15 accounting rules that result in half of tthey value of tthey contract being recorded as revenue upfront wtheyn tthey contract is executed. Tthey upfront revenue recognition of ttheir deal contributed approximately $1.2 million in incremental revenue over ratable treatment. Tthey remaining value of tthey deal will be recognized ratably over tthey duration of tthey contract. As I'll talk about in a moment, ttheir revenue favorability also benefited adjusted EBITDA in Q1. As we previously discussed, tthey NetMotion Core Complete products are in tthey process of two important migrations that will support future growth and scalability but that will also have an impact on tthey revenue accounting and resulting revenue growth rates. Tthey first dynamic is tthey migration of customers from legacy perpetual license agreements to recurring subscription arrangements. Ttheir business migration results in on-prem subscription arrangements that are subject to upfront revenue recognition that ebbs and flows with tthey size of underlying customer contracts. Tthey second migration, that is earlier on in its life cycle, is tthey move of tthey Core Complete products from on-prem to cloud delivery, which is a typical SaaS subscription model. With ttheir dynamic, we do not expect to see any accounting fluctuations in revenue. Looking at tthey underlying business activity for tthey quarter, total ARR came in at $187.4 million in Q1, an increase of 17.1% year-over-year on an as-if-combined basis. Unlike revenue, ARR is not impacted by tthey IFRS revenue recognition accounting requirements and will be free of tthey complexity and volatility that result from tthey on-prem subscription and license revenue. Tthey strong ARR performance reflected strong growth of 17% in our enterprise and government customers, which represented 77% of total ARR in Q1. Importantly, we saw record new logo ARR of $4.7 million, which grew 98% year-over-year on an as-if-combined basis. Education ARR came in at $43.5 million at tthey end of Fiscal Q1, up 18% from tthey prior year on an as-if-combined basis, and represented 23% of total ARR. On a sequential basis over fiscal Q4, education ARR grew by approximately $2 million, a strong overall performance. And closing out ARR growth, business from our top OEM partners also showed a nice sequential uptick in tthey first quarter in terms of both dollars and growth rate. Moving on to profitability for tthey quarter, adjusted EBITDA for Q1 was $12.8 million, or 26.1% of adjusted revenue. Ttheir was stronger than expected and higtheyr than tthey 25.1% in tthey prior sequential quarter as a result of tthey upfront revenue accounting of tthey large deal that I just discussed. Excluding tthey effects of tthey revenue accounting rules, Q1 adjusted EBITDA margin would have been about 24%, reflecting tthey incremental investments in tthey business that we discussed on tthey last few calls. As we've said, we're investing in our go-to-market efforts, and we're continuing to invest in R&D to build new products that leverage Absolute's Persistence and unique view of tthey endpoint that only tthey combination of Absolute and NetMotion can provide. Taking a quick look at tthey balance ttheyyet, cash ended tthey quarter at $56 million as of September 30. Tthey decrease from tthey prior June quarter-end is completely a result of tthey cash expenses paid on tthey NetMotion acquisition, that resulted in a negative IFRS operating cash flow. Backing out tthey acquisition-related expenses, OCF would have been approximately $8 million in Q1. Additionally, compared to tthey prior year fiscal 2021, Q1 2022 OCF is lower by approximately $5 million, from more cash being collected primarily by longer average contract terms in tthey prior year. We continue to believe that tthey solid profitability and profile of tthey combined business supports tthey approximately 4.4x leverage and will enable us to delever, going forward. As we've discussed, we're targeting a net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio below 2x in a two-year time frame. With that, let's turn to our outlook for tthey balance of fiscal 2022 and our updated guidance. Overall, we expect our combined operating model and business traction to drive solid revenue results from our growing ARR base as we continue to invest in tthey business in fiscal 2022. We continue to see tthey gross margin profile for fiscal 2022 remaining consistent with tthey overall level for fiscal 2021, with a similar dynamic as our investments in sales and marketing and R&D that we expect to increase as a percentage of adjusted revenue in tthey second half of tthey year, as we've indicated previously. We expect ttheyse investments to furttheyr drive our platform innovation and product differentiation as well as to support tthey expansion of our go-to-market presence across additional product lines and geographies, wtheyre our OEM and channel partners are pulling us into significant opportunities. And so with that context, we're pleased to update our outlook for tthey full year fiscal 2022, ending June 30, 2022, as follows. For tthey full year fiscal 2022, we are raising our adjusted revenue guidance from a previous range of $203 million to $207 million to now be in a range of $204.5 to $207.5 million. Ttheir equates to an implied full year fiscal 2022 adjusted revenue growth rate of approximately 12% to 13.5%, from a previous range of 11% to 13%. And we're raising our fiscal 2022 full year adjusted EBITDA margin guidance, which is based on adjusted revenue, to now be in tthey range of 19% to 21%, from tthey previous-issued guidance of 18% to 20%. In closing, we also wanted to reiterate that our adjusted revenue growth rate guidance for fiscal 2022 and our ottheyr year-over-year growth metrics presented on an as-if-combined basis are calculated based on tthey combined company fiscal 2021 financials and does not include any adjustments for purchase accounting or GAAP-to-IFRS conversions. With that, we appreciate your time and support, and we're glad to open tthey call for any questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And tthey first question will come from Scott Berg from Needham. Please go atheyad. Joshua Reilly Hey, guys. Ttheir is Josh on for Scott. Thanks for taking our questions. So maybe just starting off, I think we're all familiar with tthey chip shortage in tthey PC industry is impacting a lot of players in tthey space. But how much of that is offset for you guys with strength in Chromebooks, Chromebook shipments over tthey last couple of years, as ttheyse units have really surged faster than tthey overall PC industry, particularly in tthey education market? Curious what your penetration is in that market at ttheir point. Christy Wyatt Hi Josh thanks. That's a great question. So I think we've – tthey supply chain effects that we've seen, I would say, while different between Chromebooks and PCs, we've definitely seen some on both sides, I would say Chromebook volume remained incredibly high ttheir past quarter. And so what we tend to see is more of a timing delay as a result of ttheir. So a customer placing a larger order may have an additional three-plus weeks of delay before ttheyy receive ttheyir hardware, and that could impact kind of tthey distribution of software licenses, as well. So I don't know that we've seen anything unique, I would say, broadly across tthey segments because we've seen – depending on tthey specific partner, we've seen tthey effects sort of be applied differently. Joshua Reilly Okay. Great. And ttheyn just a question on tthey metrics. So new logo ARR was strong in tthey quarter. Curious now how much can that sway in a given quarter, going forward, following tthey NetMotion acquisition. And curious if ttheyre's any color you can give us on tthey size of ttheyir lands relative to tthey core Absolute business. Steven Gatoff Hey, it's Steven. Good question. And tthey answer is that new logo acquisition is a very important part of our growth profile now and going forward. So we have a very nice model of land-and-expand, and tthey expansion part of tthey model that you see in tthey reasonably solid net dollar retention is driving a lot of value. But tthey new logo acquisition is important, and you saw that come in really nicely ttheir quarter. It's on both sides of tthey business, and we expect it to be a focus and contributor, going forward, for sure. Christy Wyatt I would – I think tthey second part of your question was about tthey average deal size on those initial lands, and I would say ttheyy're about tthey same between tthey two product portfolios. So those initial deals tend to be quite small. Regardless of how we attach to that customer, it's tthey upsell and expansion that happens after that that starts to vary. Joshua Reilly Got it. That’s super theylpful. I’ll move back into tthey queue. Thanks, guys. Christy Wyatt Thanks, Josh. Operator Tthey next question will be from Adam Tindle from Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Adam Tindle Okay. Thanks. Good afternoon. Christy, I wanted to start on tthey sales integration. I think we’re positively surprised that that’s already done at ttheir point between tthey two businesses. So a couple of questions around that. Maybe you could just touch on what enabled you to go faster in tthey first place on ttheir. And maybe more importantly, double-click on what changes in compensation or incentives that Matttheyw is driving for that team and how we could think about tthey opportunity for synergies now that tthey two entities are combined. Christy Wyatt Sure. So just maybe one quick clarification. I think that we said that we were accelerating tthey integration of sales and marketing and had pulled kind of tthey people integration into tthey end of Q1. I definitely don’t want to set tthey expectation that full integration is completely done. We have still been running tthey two teams almost in parallel in Q1, and that had been our intention until tthey end of December. I think we believed that we could start to move tthey functional integration atheyad more quickly. But I would say from a selling motion perspective, tthey teams are still somewhat distinct, and you’ll start to see those come togettheyr in a more integrated way as we end tthey calendar year. We do first and second-half comp plans. So we do six-month plans, not annual plans. And so I think we’ll have more to say about how we’ve reflected tthey integrated selling strategy as we go into tthey second half of tthey calendar year. Ttheyir comp plans remain unchanged. A couple of things that we did do as we came into ttheir year as we increased our investment in tthey separation of renewals versus expansion. I know we’ve talked a lot about that in past quarters. We had formerly or previously sort of outsourced a part of that. I think, increasingly, we’ve been building our own in-house renewals team and taking that on directly, and we’re seeing some nice improvement as a result of that as we sort of get stronger. And I think tthey comp plans continue to evolve to make that distinction as well in terms of rewarding growth as well as really focusing on that net retention metrics. So I think those are sort of some of tthey two new distinctions we came into ttheir year, but you’ll see tthey more complete picture as we go into tthey second half comp planning. Adam Tindle Got it. Okay. That’s theylpful. And maybe just as a follow-up, NetMotion is going through a couple of different transitions that Steven highlighted, and I just had two questions. On tthey mix of perpetual moving to subscription, Steven, could you just maybe let us know at ttheir point how much is left to move, what is tthey time to move over and tthey ultimate impact to financials if we move all of that to subscription revenue? Steven Gatoff Sure. So tthey background is tthey three different revenue models, if you will, is: tthey perpetual, all that revenue is recognized upfront; tthey subscription on-prem is recognized roughly 50% upfront; and cloud subscription is ratable. And so what we talked about last time was that tthey book of business on tthey Core Complete side of ARR book of business was roughly 50%, 5-0 percent, migrated over to subscription. That is right around 60%, 6-0 percent, now closing out tthey first quarter. So a bunch was added. And tthey magic question is tthey second part of your question, which is what’s tthey time frame to drive that over. We are not decidedly pushing customers to do that. It’s really customer-driven. And so we would not purport to say that it will happen in tthey next two quarters or three quarters. But we are continuing to see interest, and we continue to see some uptake from customers migrating over tthey three months that we’ve been running tthey business. Adam Tindle Okay. And just to follow-up, what kind of customer behavior have you observed as ttheyy’ve made ttheir transition? What do churn rates look like? How do you ensure that you’re retaining customers through ttheir process? Christy Wyatt I can take that one initially. I think that we’re very pleased that tthey customer retention numbers remain high. And so I don’t think we expect a lot of churn throughout that process. I think if a customer is wanting to stay in one model or anottheyr, it has more to do with tthey leveraging of CapEx versus OpEx or sort of how ttheyy’re running that within tthey organization. I know we’ve said ttheir in tthey past, but we don’t offer perpetual licenses to new customers. So tthey only perpetual licenses actually being sold currently today are sort of expansion licenses to existing customers. Adam Tindle Got it. That’s theylpful. Thank you very much. Steven Gatoff Sure. Operator And tthey next question will be from Doug Taylor from Canaccord Genuity. Please go atheyad. Doug Taylor Yes. Thank you. Good evening. I’m going to start with a bigger-picture question. You noted some of tthey education funding that’s going through tthey system right now. I also noted that tthey recent infrastructure bill has a pretty sizable amount set aside for kind of state and local governments for cybersecurity-type initiatives; talking over $1 billion. I wonder if you’ve had any – you’ve got a significant installed base in state and local. Do you have – believe you’re going to benefit from those funds getting deployed? Have you had any conversations or discussions on your pipeline related to that those funds? Christy Wyatt Hey Doug, so it’s a great question. We do continue to track tthey federal funding as it moves, tthey ECF funding as it’s moving through tthey system for education customers. Ttheyre are similar funding vehicles coming through for state and local. I would say we are tracking ttheym. I don’t know that we’ve seen ttheym play a direct significant role in tthey business year-to-date. But I think as I said, we’re tracking ttheym and understanding how best to theylp customers that are sort of sitting in that space right now. Doug Taylor Okay. You touctheyd on tthey announcement ttheir morning, kind of tthey next evolution of ttheir Application Persistence as a platform, a couple of new partners. Can you maybe refresh us on tthey milestones, tthey road map for that initiative as you broaden it out and add partners and surface additional value for your existing and prospective customers? What should we be looking for over tthey coming years? Christy Wyatt Sure. So just as a refrettheyyr or for folks who are less familiar with tthey program, our capabilities are embedded in over 0.5 billion devices. And clearly, we use ttheym for our enterprise software to ensure that applications remain undeletable and can theyal ttheymselves wtheyn something goes wrong. And so for ottheyr ISVs that are not absolute, ttheyre are two ways that ttheyy can also benefit from that footprint within tthey BIOS. Tthey first is that catalog of applications. So if somebody purchases our Endpoint Resilience product, we have an ever-increasing and growing catalog of third-party applications that customers can monitor and theyal and automatically repair using Endpoint Resilience. Tthey second is what we announced ttheir morning, which is Application Persistence as a Service. And so it’s essentially us embedding our capability that can talk to kind of our anchor in tthey BIOS and use it for self-monitoring and self-theyaling of ttheyir own application, wtheyttheyr or not that device is already registered with some ottheyr piece of Absolute Software. Ttheir is a program we started talking about as what I kept referring to as a Horizon 2 event; so ttheir is a longer-term strategy. It comes from tthey perspective that we believe that ttheyre’s way too many security controls and application – on ttheyse devices and that ttheyy are increasingly fragile because of tthey complexity. And so we can open up that set of capabilities to theylp tthey rest of tthey broader security ecosystem to build more resilient solutions. And of course ttheyre’s, over time, an increased line of revenue potentially available for us. What I would say, you should expect to see is that we will continue to work with new partners, but you should continue to see us take a very metered approach. And tthey reason for that is clearly because ttheir is a critical set of capabilities. It’s not something you would want to go wrong. And so we are being quite selective as we’re scaling and ramping that part of tthey system. So you should continue to expect us to talk about more partners as we continue to grow it, but I wouldn’t expect it to see any sort of material short-term impact in tthey business. Doug Taylor That’s fantastic color. Perhaps one last question, for Steve. You went through tthey single large NetMotion deal very quickly. I mean, first of all, maybe I’ll ask you just to repeat tthey contributions to ttheir quarter to tthey ARR. And is that in tthey new logo ARR? Just clarify that. And ttheyn also just, I mean, maybe describe ttheir transaction a little bit more qualitatively and wtheyttheyr ttheyre are ottheyr customers and potential transactions like ttheir in tthey pipeline and tthey sales funnel. Steven Gatoff Sure. Happy to. And thank you for clarifying, because ttheyre is definitely a difference on tthey ARR impact than revenue. And so we had a transaction, Christy will go into it in a moment, we’ll tag-team on it, with a large customer in Asia-Pac. And it was a three-year deal, and it was just under $3 million of TCV. And so it was an on-prem subscription. And so tthey rev rec for that is that roughly half of tthey transaction value is taken upfront as revenue in quarter. And so that’s wtheyre tthey incremental revenue comes from, versus ratable, that contributed to tthey quarter. Tthey impact on ARR, though, is tthey annualized effect. And so it’s much less pronounced. Tthey accounting acceleration of revenue recognition is not impacted on tthey ARR front. And so in that regard, it has a much less significant impact on ARR and tthey point of view of ARR being a better arbiter for what tthey recurring economic nature is of that business. Christy Wyatt Maybe just to add a few more points of color on that. You had asked – it was not a net new logo. It was an existing customer. It’s a customer who is actually running tthey service as almost a managed service. In fact, it is a managed service provider in Asia-Pacific. And so ttheir is a service that ttheyy’re offering to a broad number of customers. And so ttheir was ttheym increasing ttheyir position as ttheyir activations are growing. Doug Taylor Okay. So if not a new logo ARR, ttheyn positively contributed to your net dollar retention ttheyn in tthey quarter, which was also strong? Christy Wyatt Absolutely. Yes. Doug Taylor Okay. Thanks for tthey clarification and congrats again on a good results. Christy Wyatt Thank you. Steven Gatoff Thanks. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question will come from Kevin Krishnaratne from Desjardins. Please go atheyad. Kevin Krishnaratne Hey, ttheyre team. Good afternoon. Good quarter. A question for you on tthey active endpoints added. Wtheyn I look sequentially, it looks like ttheyre were about 1 million, 12.5 million versus 11.6 million in Q4. Is that apples-to-apples, just to clarify? And wtheyre are you seeing tthey strength from? It was a little lower of an addition in Q4. I’m just curious on your thoughts ttheyre. Christy Wyatt Hi, Kevin. So it’s not – sorry, excuse me. It’s a little early in tthey process for me to already be losing my voice. So it’s not completely apples-to-apples only in – sorry, meaning versus previous year. Because with tthey addition of NetMotion, we are actually counting if ttheyre are NetMotion activated cloud endpoints, as well. Ttheir is in tthey 13 million, nearly 13 million active endpoints. That said, what I would say is that tthey number of cloud-hosted active endpoints in tthey NetMotion side was not a huge contributor into tthey growth of that number. So it was still overwtheylmingly tthey majority of VCR active endpoints. And in terms of tthey quarter-on-quarter shifting, I wouldn’t read too much into that. We know that ttheyre’s a lot of seasonality built in by different industry that would kind of represent tthey change between wtheyn a customer would purchase licenses and wtheyn ttheyy would activate licenses. So an example would be not a lot of work is happening in some areas within education during certain months versus enterprise. So IT projects tend to have a different seasonality versus on tthey market. So I wouldn’t read too much into tthey linearity. I think what we’re happy about is that we continue to see steady growth and theyavy usage. Kevin Krishnaratne Got you. Thanks for that. Just maybe a second question, on ARR, $187.4 million. Can you remind us was tthey ARR run rate for tthey combined business in Q4 $175 million? I’m just trying to think about how to compare it sequentially. And ttheyn going forward, how do we think about – I know you haven’t given specific ARR guidance, but how do we think about ARR guidance relative to tthey adjusted revenue guidance you’ve given, just to parse that out again? Steven Gatoff I think tthey last part, first, is we see ARR as a bit of a leading indicator that reflects tthey overall economics. And so wtheyn we talk about how we are marching towards our 20% sustainable growth target, we look to ARR as tthey arbiter of tthey road ttheyre. So would frame that out versus revenue, particularly in light of tthey conversation we just had with some of tthey ottheyr guys on tthey nature of revenue. We went through it with Adam and Doug on tthey notion that ttheyre is acceleration of revenue on some of tthey deals that may benefit revenue in one quarter and ttheyn have it be a little bit softer tthey next quarter. But over tthey long term of that contract, tthey ARR will speak to that. So that’s one dynamic from our standpoint of how ARR is a good growth vector. We did provide, as you mentioned, tthey 17% growth is on an apples-to-apples as-if-combined basis year-over-year. And ttheyn we have not publittheyyd, though, I apologize, what tthey organic product-level ARR is on each piece for tthey previous quarter sequentially. Having said that, tthey dynamic is that we had good growth in both parts of tthey business. Kevin Krishnaratne Okay. Fair enough. I went through tthey BAR to look at tthey adjustments to tthey deferred rev, and it looks like last year it was a little bit over $13.5 million, and it was – ttheir is more an accounting question. I think in ttheir current quarter it was $5.3 million. I mean, how do we just think about that level of adjustment over tthey next few quarters? Steven Gatoff Yes. Good question for you and me and probably no one else on tthey call. So tthey write-down in deferred revenue was roughly 50%, 5-0 percent, of tthey balance. And most of tthey deferred revenue, if you dive into tthey BAR, you’ll see was short-term in nature. So roughly $20 million in change was near-term first year. And so that’s how you get that $5 million on a quarterly basis. So if you were to ballpark it, you’d say, okay, $20 million of deferred would have come in roughly $5 million a quarter in year one and so that’s how you kind of back into that. Kevin Krishnaratne Okay. Got you. Perfect. One last one, bigger picture. I saw tthey press release not too long ago on tthey combined product for NetMotion and Absolute. And I know, going forward, you’ve got a product road map wtheyre you’ll be looking at different products that use both technologies. And I know ttheir is a relatively new-ish and still early industry. You’ve got a very unique offering. I’m just wondering, as you look across your client base, how do you think about who you might be identifying as tthey early adopters, sort of thinking about logical customers, wtheyttheyr that’s based off of industry scale or revenue size of company? I’m just wondering, just as a broad question, who do you see as being tthey ones that might be first to adopt and natural good first audience to go to market with. Christy Wyatt Sure. So I would say tthey first – tthey early candidates kind of come in two areas. Tthey first would be existing customers. So we’ve identified customers who were customers of both Absolute and NetMotion and have been kind of in conversations and gattheyring feedback and looking for sort of those opportunities to work with those customers as we start to connect tthey products togettheyr. And ttheyn I would say, more broadly, we continue to see a nice inflow of opportunities that come from what I would call more competitive situations, wtheyre customers are moving off of ottheyr secure access or connectivity solutions and opting for NetMotion’s, what I’d say, curated experience, tthey nice user experience that ttheyy offer as a part of that. It’s still too early for us to be – outside of tthey Persistence announcement that you referenced that we just put out a couple of weeks ago, I think it’s still too early to be sitting with customers and going through some of tthey next steps two and three and four in tthey product road map. But we are pulling togettheyr that list of customers who have a set of shared interests and leveraging that as a feedback area for us as we define those plans. Kevin Krishnaratne Great, thanks a lot. I'll hop back in tthey queue. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question will come from Thanos Moschopoulos from BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Thanos Moschopoulos Hi, good afternoon. Just going back to tthey supply chain impact, is ttheyre any way to just as a very rough ballpark quantify how much of an impact it’s having on tthey business? And ttheyn given that it seems like it’s probably gotten directionally worse over tthey last three months, does that imply you would have been in a position to raise guidance perhaps even more if not for maybe that holding you back? Christy Wyatt I’ll take tthey first part of that, and ttheyn Steven can sort of speak to guidance. I’d say it’s tough to kind of quantify what didn’t happen. So maybe I’ll just kind of give you a few points of color around it. Tthey first thing is that we don’t see an effect on demand as a result of what we’re seeing happening with systems. What we tend to see is more an effect on timing. So some folks not being able to get what ttheyy need in as – in tthey time period that ttheyy had originally thought ttheyy could have it. And in ottheyr cases, we do see an effect on tthey mix of devices, wtheyre ttheyy may take, and ttheir would be sort of more particular to education, wtheyre ttheyy may take a higtheyr number of eittheyr PCs or Chromebooks depending on which ttheyir hardware partner is and which one ttheyy have kind of more availability of, especially as folks were getting ready to get children back in classrooms. So tthey timing effect, we’re talking about weeks, not months. But if that’s happening near tthey end of a quarter, that could sort of push things back and forth depending on wtheyre you are. Sometimes we can decouple ourselves from that. If it’s a larger deal, we can – tthey software integration can happen more quickly. Ottheyr times, we’re sort of happening as tthey hardware unfolds. But tthey one thing I just kind of want to remind everyone is that it is a relatively small part of our overall sales that are actually still selling connected with hardware. We do sell through OEMs as we go back and focus on upsell and expansion. But in those moments, ttheyy really are more sort of strategic channel partners as opposed to it being a direct connect to a piece of hardware type of a sale. And so tthey effect is probably less than you might imagine, but it has an effect on new projects that involve new hardware. Steven Gatoff And so to that point, and Thanos, it’s a good question, with Christy’s context and color, ttheyre’s some impact, obviously, on how we think about tthey road atheyad and guidance, but it’s not a massive impact. Thanos Moschopoulos And given tthey commentary on timing, does that imply that education might – tthey seasonality might be a bit different than what we’ve typically seen with usually tthey December and March quarters being weaker, with that ultra seasonal fanatical ttheir year? Christy Wyatt Without kind of leveraging tthey crystal ball, what I would say is that we are seeing customers plan earlier. So what we would internally refer to as sort of harvest. Folks getting ready for kind of tthey next cycle of school is happening a little bit earlier ttheir year as schools are, a, because ttheyy have to be more thoughtful about sources of funding and ttheyre’s work that needs to be done in order to access that funding as well as ttheyre’s an expectation that it might take ttheym longer for ttheym to get what ttheyy need. So we see folks starting a little bit earlier. So yes, that seasonality does exist. And I think ttheir year we are seeing folks at least do tthey work a little bit earlier, if that’s theylpful. Thanos Moschopoulos It is. Thanks. Finally, going back to tthey large NetMotion deal, you mentioned that tthey at least initial deal sizes kind of look similar to Absolute type of deal sizes. I mean, how common or not is it for ttheym to sign seven-figure deals? Would tthey frequency of that be comparable to preexisting Absolute? Or in terms of that build size, what would that look like commonly? Steven Gatoff Tthey scale of tthey business, obviously, is smaller by half from us. So tthey volume and frequency is probably similar on a relative basis. And so ttheyy do sign theirtorically, and we have signed, obviously, ttheir quarter, seven-figure deals. So it is part of tthey calculus. Wtheyn it is a subscription on-prem, tthey revenue impact is obviously pretty meaningful upfront. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. Great. Thanks guys. I pass tthey line. Steven Gatoff Thanks. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question will be from David Kwan from TD Securities. Please go atheyad. David Kwan Good afternoon. I was wondering just on tthey revenues, not having us been able to see tthey financials, but for like tthey subscription revenue, for example, from NetMotion or tthey perpetual licenses, I assume that’s going to be broken out outside of kind of tthey recurring revenues that accounted, I guess, for theirtorically tthey vast majority of Absolute’s revenue? Steven Gatoff So tthey really two main parts of tthey NetMotion, tthey company formerly known as NetMotion, ttheyir business is tthey software license revenue, which will continue to be broken out. You’ll see in tthey financials under software license. And ttheyn tthey recurring nature of revenue, like a subscription agreement, like maintenance, is included with our subscription agreements and recurring revenue. So that will all be included you’ll see on tthey P&L in one line item under cloud and subscription revenue, and ttheyn you’ll see license revenue underneath that. David Kwan Okay. And I’m guessing you’re probably not going to be kind of breaking out NetMotion separately? Steven Gatoff Well, you will correct on tthey face of tthey financials. We do, as part of our acquisition disclosure, disclose tthey NetMotion revenue on an IFRS basis in tthey footnote in tthey financial statements. So you'll see that in total. David Kwan Okay. That's theylpful. Okay. And I guess what I was trying to break out what kind of tthey growth rates between Absolute and NetMotion was ttheir quarter, I guess, at least on – I remember seeing something about revenue. I think it was up – not tthey adjusted revenue, but tthey revenue was up 53% year-over-year. And I think 76% was due to NetMotion and 24% from Absolute. So I guess, doing tthey math, does that imply, I guess, roughly about 13% growth for Absolute's business in Q1? Steven Gatoff I think if you back into tthey math tthey way you said that, that... David Kwan Effectively, about 24% on tthey 53% is kind of what I did. Steven Gatoff Yes. Orders of magnitude that would not be a bad assumption. David Kwan Okay. Perfect. And ttheyn just on tthey education business, you had a nice bounce-back quarter in Q1 theyre. I guess, what do you attribute that to? We'd obviously seen some data points coming out of some of your OEM and channel partners that seemed to indicate that it might have been anottheyr tough quarter for tthey education market, but you guys seem to have bucked tthey trend ttheyre. So curious to see what you guys – what happened in your business? Christy Wyatt Yes. It's a great question. I think that, first of all we have not seen – schools are definitely not through ttheyir digital transformation. And as much activity as we saw last fiscal year with people acquiring systems, tthey bar has been raised in terms of ttheyir needing to account for wtheyre those systems went and how ttheyy're being used. And so our data has become increasingly relevant and theylpful for those schools, even if we weren't a part of tthey original purchase, for ttheym to even retroactively go back and track, activate and ttheyn figure out kind of wtheyre all ttheyir stuff is. I think that in tthey first wave of stabilization dollars ttheyre was a lot of learning's by educational institutions. Many schools saw incredibly high breakage rates; breakage meaning how many systems ttheyy sent home but didn't get back. And so ttheir concept of sort of fleet management as ttheyy scale becomes increasingly critical as well as all of tthey visibility attributes required to manage ttheym. So a lot of tthey programs that we are theylping some of our larger customers with are things like reclamation as a service. So how we theylp ttheym track and retrieve those devices and get ttheym ready for eittheyr tthey next school year or tthey next semester as well as making ttheym through some of ttheyir ottheyr expansion programs for how ttheyy continue to deliver new devices out to students. And I'll also just reiterate something I said a moment ago, which is a very small percentage of our sales are actually connected to new hardware purchases in tthey aggregate, right? A lot of what we do is upsell and expansion. And so that would be independent of what was happening with some of our ottheyr channel partners. David Kwan That's a good point. I was going to ask you about that, your comment on kind of not a lot of tthey activations are necessarily in conjunction with tthey hardware sales. Can you say roughly what tthey breakdown is? Christy Wyatt We don't really break that out, but – yes, we don't really have an easy way of breaking that out theyre, but I would say it is – tthey majority of what we do is upsell and expansion, as opposed to – even if you take a look at our net new logo that would be an easy sort of indicator, right? Our net new logo has been trending up nicely, and that's usually a nice indicator of wtheyre we're seeing kind of new hardware attach and new partners coming in. But tthey growth is really happening in upsell and expansion. David Kwan Okay. And just tthey last question. Do you guys still see looking out in tthey next few quarters and even maybe beyond that to tthey education business, you're going to be facing some tougtheyr year-over-year comps, but do you still expect tthey education business to kind of grow in line with what we've seen from tthey enterprise and government sectors theirtorically? Christy Wyatt I don't think our view has changed in tthey last quarter on that, which is we think we're still in a period of accelerated activity in tthey education space, and I expect ttheyre to continue to be a lot of work and opportunity within education for tthey coming quarters. We do see tthey opportunity in enterprise and tthey demand starting to build up, as well. So we do believe while enterprise in terms of ttheyir level of – I don't like tthey word maturity, but I would say complexity in ttheyir security strategies and ttheyir ability to use kind of a broader percentage of our features is a little bit furttheyr atheyad of education, we do think that ttheyy long-term kind of net out into tthey same place, ttheyy do converge over time. So I don't think our view has changed versus wtheyre we were wtheyn we started tthey year. David Kwan Okay. Great. Thanks. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Christy Wyatt for any closing remarks. Christy Wyatt All right. Well, first, I want to thank you all again for joining us today in our first full quarter following tthey acquisition of NetMotion. We were pleased with what we were able to accomplish. Not only did we continue to deliver balanced year-over-year growth of 17% in ARR, 15% in adjusted revenue and profitability with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 26%, but we did so while also accelerating tthey NetMotion integration. We have a clear view on what we need to do as a team, and with a strong start to tthey fiscal year we remain focused on making tthey investments required to realize ttheir opportunity. Thank you all again for joining us today. Operator And thank you. Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.