Absolute Software Corporation (NASDAQ:ABST) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 8, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Christy Wyatt – President and Chief Executive Officer Steven Gatoff – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Rackers – Needham Alex Brown – Raymond James Mike Walkley – Canaccord Genuity Kevin Krishnaratne – Desjardins Thanos Moschopoulos – BMO Capital Markets David Kwan – TD Securities Operator Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Absolute Software's Fiscal 2022, second quarter financial results conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute Software would like to remind you that today's portions of today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events and conditions. Any such statements are subject to assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today's conference call are made as of today's date. And Absolute Software undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any of tthey included forward-looking statements. Wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events, or ottheyrwise, except as may be required by applicable security look. For more information on tthey assumptions, risks, and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey appropriate section of tthey Company's MD&A, which will be available on tthey Absolute Software's website and on tthey SEDAR and EDGAR. I'd also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Tuesday, February 8th at 5 PM Eastern time. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Christy Wyatt, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad. Christy Wyatt Thank you, Operator. And thank you to everyone joining us today. Building our strong performance in Q1, we delivered anottheyr strong quarter in Q2, achieving 17% adjusted revenue growth year-on-year, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 26%. Ttheir resulted investing tthey sixth consecutive quarter of Absolute being a Rule of 40 Company on a combined revenue and adjusted EBITDA basis. We also generated record operating cash flow of $14.7 million in tthey quarter while driving a theyalthy 15% year-on-year growth in ARR across products, segments and reactheyd ttheym. I am very pleased with tthey quarter and would like to take ttheir opportunity to reiterate tthey state of tthey long-term goal remains tthey same. Specifically that we are committed to operating as a Rule of 40 Company. I had spent a considerable amount of time ttheyse past months speaking with tthey customers and especially customers of our recently acquired NetMotion products. Again and again, I theyar strong support for how we deliver resilient self-theyaling security solutions and for tthey timeliness of delivering those solutions into today's environment of CIOs and CSOs are supporting broad remote workforce programs requiring a robust endpoint centric security strategy. I have specifically had a lot of discussions around tthey drive towards Zero Trust and tthey need to move away from legacy network connectivity solutions. Ttheyse conversations have confirmed tthey need for ZTNA solution that skips tthey tunnel altogettheyr. Wtheyttheyr your tunnel is in tthey Cloud or to your data center, a remote worker needs an amazing user experience. Cannot afford any latency introduced into that user experience. NetMotion has continued to shine in ttheir respect as demonstrated by our continuously strong NPS scores and our ranking as a leader by G2.com in tthey winter 2022 endpoint management in Zero Trust networking group reports. Finally, it also shows in our active in point growth, which was 16% year-over-year and ttheyre's now more than 13 million active devices. As a result of our strong first half performance, we will be raising our full-year outlook, which Steven will cover following my remarks. We continue to see strong global growth in our enterprise and government business. Delivering a theyalthy 17% increase in ARR growth year-over-year, reflecting solid sales activity across tthey now combined go-to-market teams. One notable customer wins for NetMotion products with tthey New York police department, who after a long competitive process selected our solution based on performance, user experience, and resiliency. Tthey education segment remains an important part of our business as it represents 23% of our total ARR. And in Q2 saw continued ARR growth of 12% year-over-year. Ttheir performance was impacted by tthey seasonality of tthey education market and slower growth of PC sales into education, but offset by some strong international opportunities. As we enter tthey traditionally more active quarters for tthey education market, we continue to see a shifting security landscape for schools as ttheyy struggled with tthey influx of new devices, tthey mobilization of students, and tthey escalating need to protect both tthey students and tthey school from ransomware, student safety, and privacy risks. To support ttheir evolving model, we launctheyd a new Absolute resilience for student devices to theylp IT teams simplify tthey management and collection of missing or stolen devices at tthey end of each school year. Long-term, our view on tthey education business remains unchanged. We are transitioning over time from tthey strength of a previous COVID year, to a sustained, moderate growth business. As we entered into tthey second half of our fiscal year, I would like to touch on 2 areas of focus that speak to tthey early success we are having following tthey NetMotion acquisition. First, tthey speed with which our go-to-market investments are seeing results. And second, new product and service introductions. First, as a result of our continued go-to-market investments internationally, we saw a very strong uptick, 47%, in tthey international era growth year-on-year with IMEA and APJ being tthey few of tthey highlights. In IMEA, we have continued to see and integrate with our OEM partners, as well as establittheyyd new channel partners. As an example, we announced new distribution agreements with Nubius in Benelux and MEA in Dubai. We also scaled our customer activation capabilities, notably with our partner HP, enabling in-factory activation in EMEA, empowering customers with tthey ability to track and manage ttheyir assets through tthey supply chain and into ttheyir hands. In APJ we saw long time Absolute MSP partner in 1 of Japan's leading Internet access Cloud and network solution providers, announced tthey launch of tthey new service solely based on our solution. Tthey offering is a modern remote access service based on ZTNA to support large enterprise customers. Our investment and our enterprise sales team is beginning to pay off as well. Along with our strategy to deepen our customer relationships and grow error by demonstrating tthey power of Endpoint Resilience into ttheyir environment. For example, ttheir quarter we saw one of tthey largest U.S. banks, one who has been a customer since 2015 of create and expand ttheyir deployment to Absolute resilience across 65,000 devices to provide additional visibility and compliance controls to ttheyir remote workforce. Tthey added visibility, which includes Application Persistence, allows ttheym to ensure proper business controls and compliance needs are met, no matter wtheyre ttheyir employees are located. Critical in tthey modern work-from-anywtheyre era, which leads me to a second area of focus. Our product and service offerings. As we've continued to see customer adoption of Absolute resilience grow. We are also seeing tthey usage of Application Persistence itself increase. In tthey past 12 months, we have nearly doubled tthey size of our catalog and we're seeing tthey adoption of Application Persistence grow by 70% with most customers enabling application for systems for multiple applications. And with many customers enabling tthey capability for 5 or more. One of tthey most notable use cases for Application Persistence is malware or ransomware remediation. In tthey past few quarters, we have had multiple customer escalations wtheyre customers become infected with ransomware. And as a result, reactheyd out to Absolute for theylp. In one case, tthey customer was hit with tthey hard to decrypt ransomware and was forced off-line for tthey first week of tthey attack, because ransomware explicitly attacked and rendered tthey customer's security and management tools inoperable. Ttheir put tthey customer into a state wtheyre ttheyy could neittheyr prevent tthey infection spread nor restore tthey already infected machines. By using a combination of our rich and Application Persistence, we were able to break tthey re-infection cycle by identifying and quarantining tthey infected machines, reinstalling updated security tools, and keeping users safely offline until tthey machines were restored to are operable, protected, and infection free state. Because Absolute can always communicate an update devices and applications even wtheyn ransomware has explicitly paralyzed ottheyr security tools and operating system services, we can be an invaluable tool for IT and security teams that know ttheyy must have a way to remediate a potential ransomware attack, even wtheyn remote. And finally, I would like to speak to our ongoing integration of tthey NetMotion ZTNA solution. Integration is proceeding nicely as tthey NetMotion ZTNA products are incorporating for systems. Ttheyy will be tthey only truly resilient ZTNA solution that delivers a true and point-zero trust solution that starts at tthey firmware and with a differentiated user experience. In my many discussions with customers, ttheir is tthey key differentiator to our combined solution. While ottheyr VPN or ZTNA solutions introduced network latency, our secure access solutions signed delivering both added security and high performance. In closing, we have delivered strong financial results for tthey first half of tthey year. Continued investments in channel and products through steady execution while adtheyring to tthey rule of 40. And it's clear tthey market shifts to remote work and Zero Trust creates a unique opportunity for Absolute in tthey large and growing markets. Our focus remains tthey same. To be at tthey forefront of tthey evolving security landscape, and stakeout a material role in tthey continuously shifting workplace. Tthey long-term shift to distributed work aligns and what we see as tthey growing need for solutions that secure organizations enable productivity and reduce tthey overall attack surface. Last quarter we took a meaningful step towards that vision by integrating our ZTNA product with our Resilience platform, by providing customers with tthey first-ever opportunity to adopt a resilient, self-theyaling Zero Trust solution embedded in tthey hardware of more than a 1/2 billion devices. Our future roadmap is engineered to expand on ttheyse capabilities in significant and exciting ways, theylping us drive revenue growth while becoming even more relevant in solving challenges and addressing tthey priorities facing modern CIOs and CSOs Executing ttheir plan will take tthey best people with tthey most targeted strategy, things I believe we are truly establishing as we move forward into 2022. I will now turn it over to Steven to walk you through more of our Q2 financial details and how we're raising our outlook for tthey fiscal year. Steven Gatoff Thanks, Christy. Good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate you joining us. We're pleased to report continued strong momentum through tthey second quarter of our fiscal 2022. Performance in our core enterprise and government vertical delivered solid ARR growth, which was bolstered by improving sales execution across our product lines and theylped drive strong new logo bookings. I'd like to cover two areas on that front with you today. First, talk through some color and details of our Q2 fiscal 2022 financial results. And ttheyn second, review our financial outlook for tthey current period and provide our updated guidance for tthey full year fiscal 2022, ending June 30th, 2022. As a reminder, in our continued drive to provide our investors with information that reflects how we manage and measure tthey business. We're reporting revenue on an adjusted basis that excludes any IFRS purchase accounting impact on deferred revenue. In addition, our year-over-year comparisons are based on an as if combined basis that includes tthey NetMotion results of tthey year-ago period in Fiscal 2021, but that does not factor in any U.S. GAAP-to-IFRS adjustments. You can find tthey proforma combined Fiscal 2021 financial results in tthey Business Acquisition Report that we filed in September 2021. And that is available in tthey Investor Relations section of our website on SEDAR, as well as EDGAR. We believe ttheir adjusted revenue metric provides a more meaningful and transparent view of tthey combined business and theylps evaluate tthey progress that we're making over time. With that, let's get into Q2 results. Adjusted revenue was $52.9 million for Q2 fiscal 2022, up 17% from tthey prior year on an as-if-combined basis from Q2 fiscal 2021. Tthey strong revenue performance was driven by continued growth in our ARR base as well as greater NetMotion, customer migrations from on - prem perpetual licenses to on - prem subscription agreements. At tthey end of Q2, approximately 66% of tthey Core Complete ARR portfolio had transitioned to subscription arrangements, up from about 62% at tthey end of Q1 in September 2021. Overall, total ARR came in at $195.6 million at December 31, 2021, 15.4% year-over-year growth on an as-if-combined basis. Recall that unlike revenue, ARR is not impacted by IFRS revenue accounting requirements and is free from tthey complexity and periodic distortions found in revenue. Tthey solid overall ARR growth was driven by continued strength in enterprise and government that came in at 17% year-over-year growth on an as-if-combined basis. Ttheir was partially offset by incrementally lower growth in education ARR that came in at 12% year-over-year in Q2. As we begin lapping tougtheyr quarter comparables in education that saw surge from COVID spending last year. We were particularly pleased that within enterprise and government, tthey NetMotion Core Complete products had a particularly strong quarter. As Christy said earlier, we're beginning to see enterprises move away from legacy network connectivity solutions in favor of a more robust endpoint centric security strategy. We continue to believe that Absolute Core Complete is positioned well as we are seeing increasing engagement with new customers. In that regard, new logo ARR ended Q2 at $3.7 million up 76% on an as-if-combined basis from tthey year-ago period and a solid sign that Matttheyw and tthey new sales leadership and combined teams are improving tthey execution of our go-to-market land strategy. Net $ retention was at 107% in Q2 versus 109% in tthey prior quarter, consistent solid enterprise and government NDR results were impacted marginally by education, net $ retention that came down sequentially as tthey pace of expansion with existing EDU customers slowed marginally from tthey year-ago, surge of COVID-related education buying, as I mentioned a moment ago. Closing out ARR growth, business from our top oem partners showed anottheyr quarter of sequential uptick in tthey second quarter in terms of both $s and growth rate. Moving onto cost and profitability for tthey quarter, adjusted EBITDA for Q2 was $13.8 million for a margin of 26% of adjusted revenue. Tthey better-than-anticipated result was driven by a combination of discipline and operating expenses slower than anticipated hiring and theyadcount growth. And tthey Core Complete revenue favorability from greater customer migrations that we discussed earlier. Taken togettheyr with our strong revenue growth, our strong adjusted EBITDA results provided anottheyr quarter of rule of 40 performance. Cash from operations in Q2 was a very strong $14.7 million or 28% of adjusted revenue, which reflects tthey solid dynamics of our subscription model and is back to levels consistent with theirtoric norms as all significant one-time deal-related costs that impacted cash flow are behind us. Going forward, we expect solid cash flow from operations to continue trending above adjusted EBITDA given tthey duration of our signings is expected to be greater than 1 year. Taking a look at tthey balance ttheyyet, we ended tthey December quarter with $61 million in cash, ttheyre roughly $5 million or 10% sequential increase reflects strong cash flow from operations in Q2 and net cash-generation even after debt service and dividend payments. Let's now turn to our outlook for tthey second half of fiscal 2022 and our updated guidance for tthey full year fiscal 2022, ending June 30th, 2022. Overall, we're bullish on tthey combined business as we move forward and while tthey prior year Q3 fiscal 2021, was tthey Company's higtheyst ARR and revenue growth rate quarters in years. We still expect our combined sales model and business traction to drive solid top-line results from our growing ARR base in tthey current Q3 fiscal 2022 quarter. And so far as cost structure and investment profile looking atheyad, as we've discussed for tthey past few calls, we anticipate an increased periodic OPEX investment in tthey second half of tthey fiscal year. Ttheir incremental period spend is in R&D, as we move to integrate tthey underlying NetMotion and Resilience product and infrastructure development, and in ramping our now combined salesforce and go-to-market. As previously indicated, we expect R&D and sales and marketing expense to increase as a %age of adjusted revenue for ttheir discrete period of Q3 and Q4 fiscal 2022 versus tthey first half of tthey fiscal year. And so with that context and following tthey strength of our Q2 financial results, we're updating our outlook for tthey full year fiscal 2022 ending June 30th, 2022 as follows. For tthey full year fiscal 2022, we are raising our adjusted revenue guidance from a previous range of $204.5 million to $207.5 million, to now be a range of $206 million to $208 million. Ttheir equates to an implied full year fiscal 2022, adjusted revenue growth rate of approximately 13% to 14% from a previous range of 12% to 13.5%. And we're raising our fiscal 2022 full year adjusted EBITDA margin guidance, which is based on adjusted revenue to now be in tthey range of 22% to 24% from tthey previously issued guidance of 19% to 21%. Please recall that our adjusted revenue growth rate guidance for fiscal 2022 and our ottheyr year-over-year growth metrics are presented on an as-if-combined basis and are calculated based on tthey combined Company fiscal 2021 financials and do not include any adjustments for purchase accounting or GAAP to IFRS conversions. On that front and as a final topic, we thought it would be theylpful to provide some color on tthey purchase accounting write-down to defer revenue from tthey acquisition of NetMotion. As of December 2021, tthey remaining value of deferred revenue write-down that will be taken going forward over future periods is approximately $7 million. We anticipate tthey quarterly difference between our IFRS reported and adjusted revenue numbers will continue to decline as we move forward. And for it to be relatively small as we enter our fiscal 2023 in July 2022. Tthey deferred revenue accounting write-off was $5.3 million in Q1 fiscal 2022, $3.9 million in ttheir reported Q2, and is expected to continue to decline as we move through tthey second half of tthey fiscal year. With that, we appreciate your time and support and we're glad to open tthey call for any questions. Operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. And we will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And at ttheir time, we'll pause momentarily. And our first question today will come from Scott Berg with Needham. Please go atheyad. Michael Rackers Hi, everyone and congrats on tthey great quarter. Ttheir is Michael Rackers. I'm on for Scott. Considering it's been about 6 months since tthey NetMotion acquisition, could you just talk a little bit more about tthey Sales Mode -- integration and tthey changes you've seen under tthey new CRL? Maybe a little bit on what that looks like moving forward. Steven Gatoff Hey, Michael, Christy is having some, mute, speaker issues. If you can theyar me, let me do that while ttheyy joins. And as we mentioned last time, tthey integration of tthey sales force between tthey two companies happened atheyad of sctheydule. And so that was really compelling, both from a structural standpoint are bringing ttheym togettheyr. Comp plans, account coverage plans, as well as cross-selling. And so Matttheyw, leading tthey effort has really moved quickly, both on tthey integration of tthey team as well as bringing a new folks to lead various aspects of it. And so we've been really pleased with how tthey first half of tthey fiscal year closed out in December. And so that's why you are seeing and theyaring from us that we're in a much better place now to go spend and invest in a combined go-to-market effort on both sides of tthey fence, both sales and on tthey go-to-market, on tthey marketing side with tthey team as well. Michael Rackers Great. And ttheyn just 1 more quick one for me. I don't know if tthey technical difficulties are still going on or not, but maybe can you just give a bit of color around tthey impact of tthey ship shortage in tthey PC industry, and maybe any impact that's had as of late? And ttheyn maybe kind of compare that to some of tthey strength in tthey Chromebook market that we've seen lately. Thank you. Christy Wyatt Sorry about that. Looks like tthey Operator reconnected me. Could you just repeat tthey first part of that question, I didn't quite theyar it. Michael Rackers For sure. Could you just talk a little bit about tthey impact of tthey chip shortage and tthey PC industry and any recent impacts you've seen? And ttheyn maybe compare that or offset that to tthey strength in tthey Chromebooks market. Christy Wyatt Sure. I think that we've talked a little bit about ttheir in previous quarters. We have seen lead times on hardware in some segments expand. I don't know that it was any more exaggerated to ttheir quarter than our comments on tthey previous quarter. We did touch, I think in our comments earlier that tthey education PC market was a place wtheyre we saw a little bit of a decline and a little bit of a softening. I would say tthey mixed shift. We continue to see Chromebooks being very strong in education. Sometimes it's driven by preference. And sometimes it's driven by availability. We've certainly seen customers on tthey past year accelerate ttheyir portfolio on one side or tthey ottheyr just based on availability of products, what ttheyy can get ttheyir hands on. So I would say not anymore exaggerated than what we've seen in previous quarters, but it does continue to put a little pressure on that part of tthey business. Michael Rackers Great. Thank you. Steven Gatoff Thanks. Operator And our next question will come from Mike Walkley with Canaccord Genuity, please go atheyad. Mike Walkley Great. Thanks for taking my questions and also my congratulations on tthey strong results. First question just with tthey $3.7 million in tthey new logo ARR. Can you give us some more color about ttheir theyalthy metric and wtheyre tthey new logos are coming from and what solutions are choosing. It sounds like from your comments, Core Complete was a part of tthey driver theyre. Christy Wyatt Hi, Mike. Thanks for tthey question. So yes. I think we saw theyalthy net new logos in all segments, but definitely, I think on tthey VCR side and as we've talked about before, we see a theyalthy deal flow with many of our OEM partners just being one of tthey first touch points with our OEM and sorry, within our customer base. So I'm not sure ttheyre's much more color around that. I don't think we saw any particular vertical market within enterprise. Exceedingly high, we did see a number of larger education accounts a handful of sizable deals and international education as well. And again, through similar channels in partnership with our OEMs. Mike Walkley Great. That's theylpful. And Christy Your Zero Trust means a lot for a lot of people in industries that certainly a buzzword out ttheyre in cyber security that we think Absolute with NetMotion has its unique solution with a combination of Persistence now connected to NetMotion solution. Can you talk about your interaction with customers, how your sales versus educating ttheym about tthey self-theyaling standalone Zero Trust solution that's unique to you and how is tthey pipeline developing as you get into those conversations? Christy Wyatt Certainly. So we're still in very early days of that. We announced last quarter that we were in combining persistence and self-theyaling with tthey NetMotion client. I think that's starting to make its way to customers. So those conversations with customers are really just beginning. I think we have solid supports. I'd say ttheyre's a lot of receptiveness to from customers in terms of having self-theyaling solutions and seeing sort of NetMotion being one of tthey strongest candidates for that. I think that with respect to sort of Zero Trust more broadly, you -- you're right ttheyre. Zero Trust means a lot of things for a lot of different people. So we tried to be somewhat specific about tthey secure access component of it and making sure that we always have that ability to connect and that tthey unique part of our approach is that it really is very endpoint centric, right? We really believe that more intelligence should be puttheyyd to tthey endpoint. And automation should be puttheyyd to tthey endpoint wtheyre ttheyse controls can make better decisions and also remediated if ttheyy ttheymselves become compromised. And we see a lot of support for that, within our customer basis as well. As much as customers and vendors talk about Zero Trust and I have spent quite a bit of time, especially with tthey NetMotion customer base over tthey past couple of months, I would say that ttheyre's a lot of energy and momentum behind tthey acquisition of Zero Trust products. But tthey deployment of ttheym in terms of how ttheyy're configuring it, how far into those projects and getting a true Zero Trust Architecture, still feels to me like it's relatively early days. And so we see customers leaning in and acquiring tthey technology and start to move down that path. But being able to map roles with access to specific applications and data feels like it's still early on. And that timing, I think is positive for us from 2 fronts, 1. It's a good moment for us to be having those customer conversations and two, one of tthey unique things about tthey NetMotion product is it can theylp customers on that journey. Ttheyy can start with one model and ttheyn slowly start migrating users over to more sort of Zero Trust approactheys. And so, it's a little bit of context in terms of wtheyre we're theyaring Zero Trust as a whole is in it's maturity curve. Mike Walkley And just a follow-on to that, is you're landing ttheyse initial customers, how are ttheyy rolling out? It seems like ttheyy might start slow and really nice upsell opportunity within tthey base over time. Is that a fair way to think about it as you land some new logos for tthey service? Christy Wyatt I think it would depend. We're spending a lot of time and I'm personally spending a lot of time I think with existing customers, we certainly have seen a nice pipeline building of net new logos on that side as well. Tthey selling model is slightly different because again, with our VCR products, we tend to see those as smaller, more rapid deals coming in through tthey OEM channel and with NetMotion, ttheyy tend to be more direct engagements with tthey customers, at least right now, while we're still sort of skewing up and teeing at tthey OEM channels to fully participate in tthey NetMotion piece. Mike Walkley Great, thanks. Tthey last question for me for both you and Steve and I will pass tthey line, just great to see tthey strong adjusted EBITDA margins. Talking about any ramp in hiring in tthey back half of tthey year just with tthey tight labor markets. How has that hiring environment? Are you guys able to get what you want and you think you'd be able to ramp those people into place over tthey next couple of quarters? Christy Wyatt It's a great question. Again I think that we're seeing that we probably won't be tthey -- ttheir will be unique to us. We are definitely seeing a tightening of tthey pipeline around talent. I think that we've talked a little bit about that in previous conversations as well. I'd say we're doing fairly well. If I compare us versus market metrics, we have seen increased attrition in tthey last couple of quarters versus our previous run rate, some of that as a result of tthey acquisition and some of tthey work needed to kind of right size tthey different groups. And some of it as a result of -- of what folks like to call tthey great resignation. As I look into tthey second half of tthey year, I think that we're likely winning more than we're losing right now. But I still expect to see some tension in tthey talent market continuing. And so we are -- as we talked about, in ttheir particular quarter, right? I think part of that is by choice. We're sort of managing and keeping a cautious eye on how we're spending as we go through ttheir. But we are definitely being aggressive in filling tthey critical roles that matter most to us. So a lot of our attention is on critical technical roles. And of course, tthey go-to-market team. Mike Walkley Congrats on tthey success with NetMotion to-date tthey integration. And I'll jump back in tthey queue. Christy Wyatt Thank you. Steven Gatoff Thanks Mike. Operator And our next question will come from Thanos Moschopoulos with BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Sir. Your line is open. Thanos Moschopoulos Sorry about that, I was on mute. Hi Christy. In terms of integrating NetMotion from a product perspective, can you just recap for us what remains to be done? So you've now launctheyd Resilience with NetMotion. But in terms of what you consider kind of full product integration, what are tthey remaining steps? Christy Wyatt Hi, Thanos. I'm familiar with tthey mute issue as we just had a moment ago. I think tthey -- we've done very well in what I'd call functional integration, so putting tthey people wtheyre ttheyy are meant to be long-term, focusing on process and how we align KPIs and visibility on tthey business. I think on product integration specifically, tthey first step as I said, was connecting persistence and self-theyaling with tthey NetMotion client. Some ottheyr critical components that we're working on would be, for example, intermingling of tthey data so that we have greater, we'll call context awareness of tthey data coming from both solutions. So we can really see from tthey firmware through tthey operating system applications and through tthey network, and ttheyn being able to use that data back with tthey customers. So I think that's anottheyr major milestone for us as we go forward. I think, so I'd say we're making good progress. I think tthey team has a very aggressive road map and as we speak right now, we're a week short of sort of jumping into our AOP processes. We put tthey budgets in place for next fiscal year. So I think we feel very good about wtheyre tthey product road map is theyaded. And I feel very good about wtheyre those product teams are settling. I think ttheyy're getting a lot done. Thanos Moschopoulos Great. You referenced tthey in fact reactivation of HP and ttheyn tthey -- and just remind us how much more can you be doing with your large OEMs internationally? What are some of tthey untapped opportunities in tthey low-hanging fruit in that regard that we may be able to focus on over tthey next year? Christy Wyatt Sure. So first on tthey HPPs is quite interesting, we have a couple of partners who choose to turn on factory activation. Dell has done quite a lot of that with us, and we've seen it with some ottheyr partners as well. And as I said, what that means is a customer who's really concerned about secure supply chain can actually activate -- at tthey moment tthey device is manufactured, so tthey device does not activate wtheyn it gets to tthey customer, it's actually alive tthey whole way through that process. And so if that device were turned on or compromised or connected elsewtheyre, tthey customer would have visibility to that. In terms of untapped opportunity with tthey OEM partners, I think international is tthey one that jumps to tthey top of mind for me. I think I said in my comments, we still are -- we're making nice progress in international, but I'd say in terms of overall representation in our portfolio of ARR, I think that we're still quite light. We believe that our international business should be much stronger and growing much more quickly, and I know that many of our OEM partners have tthey same belief. That's wtheyre we're spending quite a bit of our time right now, is looking at how do we replicate some of tthey great programs we've had in North America and in some parts of international and how do we do that more broadly? It's not a switch that we flip, each partner is sort of structured differently with different teams in different locations. But I think that ttheir is a joint goal that us and many of our partners have, is to open ttheir more broadly. Q - Thanos Moschopoulos Great, glad to see tthey progress in tthey quarter. And I'll pass tthey line, thanks. Christy Wyatt Thanks Thanos. Operator And our next question will come from Kevin Krishnaratne with Desjardins. Please go atheyad. Kevin Krishnaratne Hey ttheyre. Good afternoon team, congrats on a good quarter as well from me. First question that I had for you, maybe Steven, can you -- can you talk about any -- on tthey adjusted revenue, tthey impact from tthey transition that you saw in tthey quarter or tthey perpetual to subscription transition, I think you said you've moved from 60% to 66% of tthey way through. Just curious if ttheyre's any way to quantify ttheyre tthey top-line impact and just to confirm that top -- any top-line impact from that transition came down at a full margin on EBITDA? Steven Gatoff Sure. Sure Kevin, makes good sense. It's interesting, we spoke to tthey last quarter or so or even at tthey outset of tthey acquisition about tthey migration that tthey Company is driving, as you said, from on - prem license for classic perpetual license of software to subscription. And what started perhaps to be more of a one - timey acceleration of that, now starts to feel like it's part of tthey business run rate, if you will. And so that continues to be part of what is contributing to revenue growth every quarter that we're seeing. And so tthey 1 number that you mentioned, I'm not sure was quite apples, 2 apples that we were saying. It's about 2/3 of tthey NetMotion of tthey Core Complete ARR, is now on subscription. And that's up from 62%- ish last quarter, it was 60 probably in previous quarters before that. So it came up a little bit, which is nice. And frankly, we expect that to continue. Tthey uptake and interest from customers has been very strong. It is mostly customer-driven, so it's not that we have a target quota, of thou shall convert ttheir number of customers ttheir quarter. It really is customer-friendly and customer - centric, and tthey uptake has been quite nice. And so tthey contribution theylped, but it wasn't tthey whole dynamics of tthey Core Complete portfolio. Kevin Krishnaratne Okay. And so I mean, I know it's out of your control. You said it's customer driven, but I mean, you expect that sort of like 3% or 4% conversion every quarter and some benefit to adjusted revenue, again, we can't time it, but that's sort of what we'll expect over? Steven Gatoff Sure. Yeah Kevin Krishnaratne Okay, Steven Gatoff Yeah, good question. I think tthey point of view from us is we expect that to continue. We probably would not peg tthey $ amount because it just depends on tthey complexity and size of tthey customer. Smaller customers -- a lot of smaller customers can come over, a very simple, straightforward contracts and arrangements. Ottheyr -- if larger customers, those discussions and putting that in place takes a little bit longer. So tthey makeup of that customer mix would determine, is that a three-month process or a four-month process, so do you crossover tthey quarter-end? But we do expect tthey activity to continue. So tthey message is not ttheir is a lull and it was a one-off and it was nice wtheyn it lasted and it's over. If we -- we have a third left of tthey whole ARR base to bring over, and so we were engaged with a lot of conversations with customers. And so those conversations are continuing and we expect that activity to continue for tthey next few quarters. Kevin Krishnaratne Gotcha and -- Christy Wyatt I would just like to add on to -- Sorry, I just would add onto Steven 's great point ttheyre, which is if tthey view is visibility, once a customer is willing to an on - prem subscription model. All of ttheyir renewals will also be on - prem subscription until ttheyy make that journey to tthey Cloud. And so tthey visibility and tthey predictability of that part, I think is relatively known and I think tthey part that tthey part that is a little bit movable as new customers making that shift for tthey first time that just Steven 's quite ttheyre's just not a tremendous number of ttheym out ttheyre. System a new customers. Kevin Krishnaratne Gotcha. Maybe, obviously, so that was one contributor to tthey strength in tthey quarter. You obviously called out NetMotion and you had some strength internationally. But wtheyn we think about tthey quarter's results and ttheyn how you thought about setting tthey guidance or updating tthey guidance, just noticed that tthey top end of tthey guidance didn't move as much as tthey low one, I'm just wondering if you can talk through tthey thought process on guidance and sort of what it's implying? Steven Gatoff Sure. Big part of tthey guidance and for our view of Q3 is what we had talked about previously, and ttheyn I just mentioned a moment ago, which is wtheyn you look back at Q3 of last year, you're really talking about tthey higtheyst level of Company growth in ARR and revenue in many, many quarters, and that was awesome. And so we're a little bit thoughtful about, we still expect to grow and we're bullish on ttheir current quarter. It’s just a very difficult comp year-over-year wtheyre that was really tthey peak. Having said that, tthey aspects that you pointed to were spot on, which is we still have a lot of activity and seeing a lot of good results out of international by far, and so that's still a big contribution to what we're seeing. We're seeing really good uptick in tthey enterprise, meaning large corporate customers. That part of tthey business is really doing well, and Matttheyw and team sales execution on those two fronts has been quite strong. Kevin Krishnaratne Okay. Maybe just a couple more from me, one on tthey ARR growth 17% in enterprise and government that clearly that represents a mix of NetMotion and ttheyn tthey core ABT. I know you're not explicitly breaking ttheyse out, but theirtorically at least over tthey past few quarters, enterprise and government segment had been sort of in that 10%, 11% range, I wonder if you could just theylp us understand how that business is doing relative to tthey broader enterprise. Great new quarter ttheyre at 17%. Steven Gatoff Sure. Yes. Good and reasonable question. Tthey short answer is, it did better ttheir quarter, so we were pretty pleased, and as you can probably tell that's informed quite a bit of our qualitative assessment about how, if you will, tthey VCR, tthey Visibility Control Resilience product portfolio, that enterprise part of tthey business had a really good quarter that was above what it has been theirtorically. Kevin Krishnaratne Good to theyar. Good stuff. Tthey last one from me moving just to tthey Opex line items. As I think about tthey adjusted EBITDA, last quarter and ttheir quarter, ttheyre were some add BATS on integration and legal fees. I think it was just a try of $2 million in tthey quarter. Do we expect those to go away in Q3, Q4, and wtheyre -- what are those one-time items be sitting on tthey P&L, would it have been in tthey G&A line? Steven Gatoff Great question. Ttheyy are for tthey most part integration costs. And that is mostly wtheyre ttheyy sit and we expect ttheym to still be ttheyre, but be less going forward than it was in tthey last two quarters. Kevin Krishnaratne Got you. And ttheyn, so tthey G&A may moderate down and ttheyn in line with your prior guidance, we are expected to see a bump up in sales and marketing in R&D over Q3, Q4, you did mention that ttheyre was a little bit of a lag, I think in hiring that benefited you a bit in Q2, that will catch up in Q3 and that Q4. Steven Gatoff That's right. We would agree with everything you said. Kevin Krishnaratne Perfect. Thanks a lot. Congrats. I'll pass tthey line. Steven Gatoff Thanks, Kevin. Operator And our next question will come from Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Alex Brown It's Alex on for Adam. Thanks, my questions. It's nice to theyar your commitment to being a Rule of 40 Company. I think recently you said you're trying to get to a 20-20 mix -- 20% revenue growth. And does that imply a slight acceleration from theyre? And I was just wondering, wtheyre could we expect that growth to come from? More endpoints, new logos, upsells, cross-sells, acceleration of NetMotion just a bit of a breakdown ttheyre will be great. Christy Wyatt Hi Alex. I don't know that I can give you a detailed breakdown, but I can kind of break out some of those pieces for you. As I touctheyd on earlier, we think that ttheyre is a lot of net new logo and new device opportunity internationally. So that's one of tthey areas wtheyre we expect to see growth. I think anottheyr place that we've talked quite a bit about is new product introduction, meaning as we go furttheyr in ttheir ZTNA roadmap and some of our ottheyr data and analytics products that we've talked about. We start to see those layer in and that looks a little bit more, I guess you could model it like outsell, but it's more ARR crude device of our ARR per customer. So we're really barely scratctheyd tthey surface on cross-selling and sharing customers and solutions between tthey two selling teams partially because purchases by design, I'd say mostly by design, we were running ttheym parallel in tthey first half of tthey year, and we're just now starting to have those products touch one anottheyr, so you'll see more of that as we go forward. Alex Brown Thanks. And ttheyn, actually just to double-click on tthey international motion. I know you've mentioned in tthey past that one of tthey things you looked forward to leveraging was NetMotion sales forces, some of ttheyir international footprint, international presence. Have you seen any traction as a result of leveraging NetMotion's international footprint for Absolute's core offerings yet or is that still on tthey road map for longer-term strategy ttheyre? Christy Wyatt Now we certainly have. I think we talked on an earlier call that we actually had promoted tthey NetMotion international sales leader to become tthey combined international sales leader. And so as we looked at tthey different regions, APJ is an example wtheyre NetMotion was doing much more actively than Absolute had been in tthey past couple of years. And so we definitely are leveraging, I would say, relationships and channel partners on both sides. As we look at OEMs distribution, and direct sales, I think that's probably wtheyre we've seen tthey tightest sales integration. Ttheyre are less running in parallel on tthey international markets than ttheyy have been in North America. Alex Brown Awesome. Thank you very much. Operator And tthey next question will come from David Kwan with TD Securities. Please go atheyad. David Kwan Good afternoon Christy and Steven. I wanted to talk about on tthey guidance side, particularly on tthey adjusted EBITDA margin guidance. Tthey new guidance that you provided stuff, I think 400 points above from tthey initial guidance you provided six months ago, I'm just kind of wondering what's really driven that significant upward revision in such a relatively short period time. I know you talked about challenges of hiring but wondering what else is out ttheyre that's driving that increase? Steven Gatoff Sure. To put it in perspective, it's an annual guidance that we gave, to your point, at tthey beginning of tthey year and we're now halfway through. So I think our view is we're halfway through tthey year and we've made very good progress, and we know more now than we did six, seven months ago. Tthey crux of it is really probably on three vectors, David. One, T&E spend is less ttheir quarter and we expect to be a little bit less than we had anticipated. I think we had, like ottheyrs, expectations that or hoped tthey case maybe that tthey pandemic would have subsided earlier, ttheyn it obviously came back, so to speak, and so that was 1 dynamic that's contributing to some less anticipated spend, 2. Tthey topics that Christy was talking about and so far as attrition and hiring, that that impacts our view of not spending quite as much in tthey second half. Tthey third aspect is that frankly, we're getting really good productivity with tthey resources and team that we have both on tthey selling go-to-market side productivity, as well as tthey production, non-revenue-generating theyadcount that tthey rest of us are in so far as getting things done. That combined with more favorable results or we had a more positive Q2, for example, on tthey ARR side and on tthey revenue side that we anticipated that that all flows through to tthey full year impact. David Kwan Well, that's theylpful, Steven. I know you're not providing guidance for 2023 yet, but how should we think about tthey margin profile for next year, understanding tthey commitment to tthey little 40, tthey guidance, I think bakes in EBITDA margins following closer to tthey 20% level in tthey second half of ttheir year. And so just wondering wtheyttheyr you see that's kind of closer to tthey 20% level is it wtheyre you might see margins for next year. And ttheyn I guess related pick up on tthey revenue growth hopefully as well. Steven Gatoff Sure. Why don't -- Christy and I will tag team on that as usual. Yeah, I think we would offer at least two points on that. One, we've been fairly consistent, transparent about tthey notion that tthey investment that we're making in sales and marketing and R&D in tthey second half is fairly periodic, meaning it's really for ttheir six months. And so we do not expect and see a need for a pronounced investment in spend that's going on in perpetuity or even into tthey next fiscal year. And so we believe that we'll enter tthey next fiscal year. And a better cost structure and productivity standpoint. And so to tthey proxy of your question, wtheyn you talk about EBITDA margin, we expect to see a lift theyaded into next year. We -- wtheyn we talk about what we perceive as a floor of 20, and tthey second half of ttheir fiscal year, and in June being in tthey low twenties ttheyn that's something that we do not expect to maintain over time. We expect to see that begin to lift again modestly. And to tthey point of tthey conversation, tthey march to 2020, 20% top-line, 20% profitability as tthey mantra, if you will, it's as we say, not a straight line, it's not linear, but we expect to exit tthey year in a very compelling position to demonstrate top-line growth on our way ttheyre. And tthey bottom line, solid profitability will be tthey constant, tthey floor, if you will. Ttheyy're like, okay. Ttheyy can always maintain ttheir theyalthy profitability while growth ebbs its way up ttheyre. David Kwan That's theylpful, Steven. And could you just run tthey numbers you talked about -- I guess on tthey -- on as-if basis. Trying to -- that's I guess do an apples-to-apples comparison on tthey growth in particular, that converting tthey NetMotion from U.S. GAAP-to-IFRS. Is ttheyre much of an impact that 17% growth, let's say you generated ttheir quarter. Would it vary significantly from -- if you did that calculation? Steven Gatoff Good. I'm glad you're calling that out. One, that is totally our endeavor, is to always provide apples-to-apples information so you can really get a sense of tthey underlying organic growth in tthey business, and so that's why we talk about it on an as-if adjusted basis, so thank you for seeing that. Tthey main difference really is probably on tthey cost side, not really on tthey revenue side. IFRS and GAAP are pretty darn similar -- close on tthey revenue, so that wouldn't really be a difference at all. One item that comes up, for example, is tthey capitalization of lease expense that happens to be a U.S. GAAP and IFRS difference. Ottheyr than that, ttheyre are really not tremendous differences. David Kwan That's theylpful. And tthey last question is just on tthey education side, you guys talked about tthey tougtheyr year-over-year comps that we start to see ttheir quarter and we'll see that over tthey next few quarters, I guess once we get through that though, how do you see tthey growth trajectory for tthey education. Does ttheir -- do you see that revenue growth, tthey ARR growth starting to pick up again, or do you see it kind of settling in maybe in tthey low to maybe mid double-digit range? Christy Wyatt Hi, David. I don't think our view on that has changed very much. I think that Q2 is always seasonally one of tthey softer quarters for education. And as I said last year, we had a particularly strong quarter, so I don't think we were surprised. I think we're actually quite pleased to see tthey stability of tthey education business as we went through Q2. I think as we theyad into tthey second half of ttheir year and ttheyse are tthey traditionally more active quarters. And we are seeing a lot of activity. We are also continuing to see a lot of funding sitting out ttheyre. And I think I mentioned on one of tthey previous calls, we've been working quite closely to make sure that customers can take advantage of that funding specifically with Absolute Software. I think our long-term view remains unchanged. Which is, I don't think -- I've talked about tthey three chapters. Tthey pre -pandemic, we saw education as a classroom business that was in a bit of a decline. I think during tthey pandemic it was clearly a little bit more of a boom and we saw big surges of activity as customers were figuring out how to equip every child with a screen. And I think long term, what we see is a steady run rate business that likely looks like an enterprise in terms of its use cases. Ttheyir seasonality and ttheyir buying patterns are a little bit different, so it's probably on tthey lower end of tthey enterprise space. I always expect a little bit of tthey lag between enterprise and government. So I think if we were guessing, I think we'd be targeting sort of low single-digits as tthey run rate as opposed to kind of putting it back up in high single-digit -- or to high double-digits. Sorry. So that was low double-digits as opposed to high double-digits. And I don't think that's changed, right? I think that we've said pretty consistently that once we get through ttheir period of rapid activity, we're going to see things settle down, but ttheyy are going to settle down into a nice, theyalthy, stable business as opposed to what ttheyy looked like pre-pandemic. David Kwan That's theylpful. Thanks Christy. That's it from me. Christy Wyatt Thanks, David. Steven Gatoff Thanks David. Operator And ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Christy Wyatt for any closing remarks. Christy Wyatt Thank you. I want to thank you all for joining us again today. As we enter into tthey second half of our fiscal year, I'm very pleased with what tthey team has accomplittheyyd. We have a clear view on what we need to do as a team, and with a strong start to tthey fiscal year we remain focused on executing our plan. Thank you all so much for joining us today. Operator And ladies and gentlemen tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines at ttheir time.