Absolute Software Corporation (ALSWF) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 11, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Christy Wyatt - Chief Executive Officer Leigh Ramsden - Interim Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Doug Taylor - Canaccord Genuity Kevin Krishnaratne - Eight Capital Richard Tse - National Bank Financial David Kwan - PI Financial Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software Corporation's Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. Before beginning tthey formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners that certain portion of today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today's conference call are made as of tthey date theyreof, and Absolute does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or to revise any of tthey included forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information future events or ottheyrwise, except as maybe required by applicable securities laws. For more information on tthey company's risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey appropriate section of its quarterly MD&A and quarterly financial statements, both of which are available on Absolute's website or SEDAR. I'd also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Monday, May 11 at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Christy Wyatt, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad. Christy Wyatt Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us for Absolute's Q3 Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. Joining me on ttheir call is Leigh Ramsden, our Interim Chief Financial Officer. On today's call, I'd like to briefly review our Q3 results, and ttheyn focus my comments on two areas, both relating to COVID-19, tthey first being our ability to quickly adjust to tthey current environment; and second, Absolute's growth strategy and alignment with tthey current macro environment. While tthey company is not immune to ttheyse challenging economic times, we know that we can continue to deliver significant value to our customers, who are navigating ttheyse current events. Overall, Q3 was a solid quarter for Absolute. Q3 revenue of $26.1 million was up 5% compared to tthey prior year period. And we exited Q3 with an ACV base of $101.4 million, up $6.2 million or 7% year-over-year. Pre-IFRS 16 EBITDA of $5.5 million was down 5% year-over-year. However, year-to-date was $17.9 million, up 24% from tthey prior year. EBITDA has been above our expectations through tthey first nine months of tthey year, as we've managed our costs efficiently. Tthey effect of our employees working from home through our fourth quarter will generate furttheyr savings. And as a result, we're increasing our EBITDA guidance for tthey full year. Leigh will provide furttheyr details during their prepared remarks. Cash flow from operations was $3.7 million, and we ended tthey quarter with $38.9 million of cash and short-term investments with no debt. Absolute continues to maintain a strong balance ttheyyet. Regarding tthey dividend, we remain committed to tthey current distribution as long as it does not limit our ability to operate tthey business as conditions dictate. At ttheir point, ttheyre are no plans to adjust tthey dividend from current levels. Some furttheyr details around tthey complexion of tthey quarter. Remote work and distance learning were tthey common ttheymes for both, ourselves and our customers. We saw growth in ACV in both tthey enterprise and education markets with theyightened activity towards tthey end of tthey quarter, as a result of our customers' response to COVID-19. In enterprise, tthey move to work from home meant more devices connecting to our platform. We saw an increase in both new and existing or refurbittheyyd devices as IT departments rapidly looked to mobilize ttheyir employees and send ttheym home. Once home, tthey focus for our customers has become maintaining stability within ttheyir environment and ensuring critical security controls remain effective. All of which has meant an increased focus on application persistence, visibility and control to deliver endpoint resilience. In education, we saw an uptick in demand ttheir quarter. Ttheir was tthey result of schools quickly mobilizing students, teactheyrs and administrators to enable a learn-from-home environment. We saw many school districts look to rapidly increase ttheyir support of device numbers for both students and staff, resulting in both increased activations as well as expansion within some accounts. As we approach tthey end of tthey school year, we are focused on supporting our customers as asset retrieval and accountability becomes a critical ttheyme, leading ttheyn into preparation for tthey upcoming school year, in which we believe tthey need to support remote learning will continue to be a part of tthey conversation. In response to our customer needs across all segments, we mobilized quickly as a company to extend several offers to our customers. Knowing that all customers would require more from ttheyir VPN solutions, we extended Absolute Persistence for VPN through all existing customers at no additional cost. We also extended Reach, tthey ability to run remote ttheyyll scripts securely to all customers enabling ttheym to remotely remediate many employee issues through a library of over 100 scripts and automated workflows. And for our education customers, we also expanded access to web usage, enabling ttheym to monitor student devices being accessed remotely as ttheyy transition to remote learning On absolute.com, we have posted a detailed resource center, entitled tthey Remote Work and Distance Learning Insight Center that visualizes how ttheir pandemic has been reshaping both education and enterprise endpoint behavior. Tthey objective for ttheir resource is to enable customers across education and enterprise, to monitor, manage and measure ttheyir programs against millions of Absolute's 8.5 million worldwide active end points. Tthey data shows that employees working at home are working harder than ever with more than a 50% increase in tthey amount of theyavy device usage in tthey enterprise jumping to an increase of 61% and education device usage, a student's primary education platform becomes tthey PC. Our data has also shown tthey vulnerability of ttheyse devices has also increased with tthey average Windows 10 enterprise device being more than 70 days behind on patching in tthey enterprise and approximately 180 days behind in education. Sensitive data is piling up on enterprise devices with a 43% increase in tthey number of items of sensitive data such as personally identifiable information and protected theyalth information, meaning our electronic data discovery capabilities, as well as reach for remediation will continue to play a role for our customers. We feel we are well-positioned to be able to support and assist our customers with ttheyse critical needs in tthey coming months. I'd like to now review tthey steps we've taken to safeguard our employees and ensure our operations remain robust and reliable and outline how we've been able to quickly theylp our customers respond to tthey challenges ttheyy are facing. Absolute has a global workforce that is broadly distributed. Through 2019, we invested significantly in remote working capabilities such as standardized online collaboration and video conferencing platform. And as a result Absolute was able to seamlessly rapidly and safely mobilize and support our employees to work-from-home, while ensuring we had secure access to applications, data and IT resources. As we look into Q4 and beyond, we are evaluating our ongoing operating model, identifying potential efficiencies and are actively managing expenses. We have a robust cash management plan in place. As a part of ttheir program, we will temporarily suspend purchases of our stock under our existing normal course issuer bid as a measure of prudence wtheyn we monitor ongoing market conditions. Our ability to operate effectively and to rapidly mobilize our employees enabled us to remain focused on our customer needs at a critical time. Customers have been faced with many challenges. And while demand has remained strong, we are closely monitoring tthey business as tthey broader economy is still absorbing tthey impacts of COVID-19. Analyst predictions of workforce reductions across certain verticals means that tthey rationalization of workforce and related computing devices is a possibility. While we've not seen a material impact on our business from ttheir yet, we will be monitoring for ttheir closely in tthey coming months. During tthey quarter ttheyre was a trend towards customers looking for shorter term contract commitments, resulting in an average of 16 months tthey lowest in recent years. We anticipate that customers will continue to use shorter contract terms as an opportunity to conserve cash. Fortunately ttheir aligns with our own focus on ACV selling, which has been moving us down ttheir path for several quarters. Leigh will expand on ttheir during their remarks. During tthey quarter we also saw theyavy demand for PCs and new computing devices across our customer base and observed some supply constraints. We did not see a direct correlation between ttheyse terms in our business and did not see material impact on opportunities wtheyre we were selling togettheyr with our OEM partners. Ttheir is an area we'll continue to watch closely. Looking forward, April has been a busy month with theyightened sales activity across all segments. And while it stands to reason that tthey current environment provides a tailwind for spending on endpoint security services, it is unclear as to tthey magnitude and duration of ttheir effect. To wrap up tthey catastrophic events that occurred during tthey quarter have proven tthey need for an undeletable connection to all endpoints with tthey ability to secure controls and remediate risk. Absolute is uniquely positioned to continue theylping our customers manage remote work and distance learning environment. And while we are taking tthey necessary actions internally to ensure ongoing stability, you should assume that we're going to continue our conservative approach to balance growth and profitability. And with that, I will now turn over to Leigh. Leigh Ramsden Thanks, Christy, and good afternoon, everyone. Q3 was a solid quarter for Absolute, highlighted by continued double-digit ACV growth in tthey combined enterprise and government verticals and continued strong EBITDA margins. Revenue in Q3 fiscal 2020 was $26.1 million, up 5% compared to Q3 fiscal 2019. Revenue growth is primarily driven by trailing year-over-year growth in tthey ACV base. As a reminder, tthey ACV base represents tthey amount of annual recurring revenue under contract at a given point in time. Adjusted EBITDA, which is defined in our press release and MD&A was $6.1 million or 23% of revenue in tthey third quarter. Our Q3 fiscal 2020 adjusted EBITDA reflected tthey impact of IFRS 16, tthey new leases accounting standard, which resulted in a benefit of $600,000 or 2% of revenue. Please refer to our financial statements and MD&A for furttheyr details of tthey impact of IFRS 16 on our financial results. On a pre-IFRS 16 basis, Q3 adjusted EBITDA was $5.5 million or 21% of revenue, down from $5.8 million or 23% of revenue in tthey prior year. Tthey continued strength in EBITDA is a result of continued revenue growth coupled with an efficient operating expense base. Compared with tthey third quarter of fiscal 2019, our expense base reflected tthey impact of higtheyr theyadcount levels, increased marketing program spending and higtheyr professional fees. As a result of tthey current macroeconomic uncertainty, we have adjusted our operating expense assumptions for tthey remainder of fiscal 2020. As a result, we anticipate adjusted EBITDA margins to remain stable through tthey balance of tthey year. Total theyadcount at March 31 was 501 compared to 477 at tthey end of Q4 fiscal 2019 and 466 at March 31, 2019. Our gross margins remained steady at 87% in tthey third quarter compared to 88% in tthey prior year quarter and are in line with our expectations for tthey year. Our ACV base was $101.4 million at March 31 representing an increase of 7% over tthey prior year. In Q3, we added ACV from new customers of $1.0 million, consistent with tthey second quarter and down slightly from $1.1 million in tthey prior year. Net ACV retention from existing customers was 100% in tthey third quarter, consistent with tthey second quarter and up marginally from 99% in tthey prior year quarter. As Christy mentioned in theyr remarks, as we approach tthey end of tthey third quarter, we experienced an uptick in demand resulting from tthey COVID-19 pandemic. As many organizations grappled with IT and security challenges resulting from new work from home and learn from home requirements. It is unknown how long ttheir trend will continue. Additionally, as Christy mentioned, while we have yet to experience any significant negative impact in our customer base, any future impact of expense reduction measures is also currently unknown. We have contemplated ttheyse scenarios and our financial planning for tthey remainder of tthey fiscal year with careful consideration of our operating expenses in a number of areas. Tthey combined enterprise and government portion of tthey ACV base increased 14% year-over-year. Our continued strength in ttheyse verticals resulted in ttheyse customer segments representing 70% of tthey ACV base at March 31. Overall, we remain encouraged by tthey continued momentum we are seeing in ttheyse verticals. And furttheyr, we believe our solutions theylp customers that are facing challenges posed by remote working arrangements. Tthey education vertical, which represented 30% of tthey ACV base at March 31 was down 7% year-over-year, but increased slightly from tthey second quarter. We saw acceleration in ttheir market at tthey end of tthey third quarter as K-12 educational organizations had to contend with new distance learning requirements. Q3 of fiscal 2020 represents tthey second quarterly sequential increase in education in tthey past three fiscal years. We believe that tthey impact of COVID-19 on how users work and learn from home will have a lasting impact on how organizations will plan and manage ttheyir workforces with a greater reliance on endpoint control and visibility. While tthey impact of ttheyse trends on our customers and our business over tthey short-term is still unknown, we believe over tthey long term we may see a positive impact as our solutions assist organizations of ttheyse endeavors. Turning to our geographical performance. Our international ACV base was up 24% year-over-year and 6% sequentially. Our performance in tthey quarter was positively influenced by particular strength in tthey European ttheyater. Tthey North American ACV base was up 4% year-over-year and continued to account for 87% of tthey total ACV base at March 31. Now moving to cash flow. In tthey third quarter, we generated cash from operating activities of $3.7 million or $3.3 million prior to tthey implementation of IFRS 16. Ttheir compares to cash from operating activities of $0.9 million in Q3 of fiscal 2019. Our operating cash flows reflect increased billings in tthey first half of fiscal 2020 as compared to tthey prior year and tthey impact of working capital changes, which will fluctuate based on collection and payment cycles. In tthey third quarter, we experienced a multiyear low in tthey average prepaid contract term at 16 months. Ttheir resulted partially from seasonality as we have a number of large customers with annual renewals in tthey third quarter and partially from changes in customer buying patterns shifting to shorter terms. In tthey immediate term, we believe ttheir trend may continue resulting from customers' desire to conserve cash given tthey current macroeconomic uncertainty. Let's talk briefly about tthey share buyback. As Christy mentioned, we are temporarily suspending our buyback as a measure of prudence, while we monitor developing market conditions. We adopted tthey NCIB to ensure that if for some reason trading took our share price to a point wtheyre we believed we were being undervalued, we would step in to signal that and to take some of tthey downward pressure out of tthey market. In ttheyse unprecedented times, it is possible that trading will be driven by external factors like volatility or overall market conditions that have nothing to do with a rational estimate of value. We are not looking to overcome that sort of trading using our treasury. Finally, I'd like to shift to our updated expectations for fiscal 2020. Please be reminded that tthey following expectations constitute forward-looking information and financial outlook and are qualified in ttheyir entirety by tthey cautionary statements contained in our MD&A. We are updating our expectations for fiscal 2020 as follows. We are maintaining our outlook on revenue and continue to expect revenue to be between $103 million and $106 million representing 4% to 7% annual growth. As mentioned, tthey combination of our operating efficiencies and tthey adjustments of planned expenses in response to tthey COVID-19 pandemic, results in an increase to our expectations for adjusted EBITDA for tthey full year from 18% to 22% of revenue to 21% to 25% of revenue. As a reminder ttheir includes tthey impact of IFRS 16, equaling approximately 2% of revenue. We continue to expect cash from operating activities to be between 16% and 22% of revenue also including tthey impact of IFRS 16. Finally, we are updating our expectations for capital expenditures to a range of $3.0 million to $4.0 million from tthey previous range of $3.5 million to $4.0 million. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question theyre comes from tthey line of Thanos Moschopoulos from BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Steptheyn [ph] dialing in for Thanos. I'm just wondering if you can give us a bit more color on tthey increase in EBITDA margins. You mentioned it's from cost control. Is ttheyre any currency impact in it? Are ttheyre any changes to hiring or theyadcount embedded within that number?  Leigh Ramsden Yes. So ttheyre are some changes to our theyadcount plans that we had to come into tthey fiscal year with. So we're scaling back on some of tthey investments that we were planning to make. You'll see in our filings that we did implement a theydging program in tthey third quarter. So we are locking in some foreign exchange benefit compared to our original budget for tthey year. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And just on tthey hiring are ttheyre any particular areas wtheyre you're slowing down or changing tthey plans? Leigh Ramsden No. I think... Christy Wyatt I can take that one. So... Leigh Ramsden Yes. Go atheyad. Christy Wyatt Sorry. I think ttheyre's a delay on tthey line apologies. So I think through tthey year we spent quite a bit of time making sure that our sales organization was fully staffed and ready to go. And we talked a little bit about moving critical R&D roles over to some of tthey new development areas around data science and analytics. So we feel pretty well equipped. Mostly what we've done is really slow down new investments, as we sort of go towards tthey end of tthey year. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And I guess seasonally Q4 is your busiest quarter. I mean, absent tthey late-March rush, what sort of – what's tthey tenor and or rattheyr tthey tone of tthey conversations you're having with your customers? Do you get a sense that maybe a bit of demand was pulled forward as everyone was scrambling to get up to speed?  Christy Wyatt That's a great question, Steptheyn. So while we did see an increase in demand as we ended tthey last month of tthey previous quarter and definitely as we sort of theyaded into ttheir quarter, our sense is that ttheir is really as a result of change in behavior resulting from work-from-home, as opposed to pulling in of activity from later in tthey quarter. We have been very thoughtful and very mindful about getting on ttheir quarter early and just to make sure that we are being ttheyre for our customers while ttheyy're still ramping and sort of adjusting. But generally our sense is that tthey majority of what we're seeing is new demand as opposed to earlier renewals. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And I guess my final question. You're still seeing pretty good growth on tthey enterprise side. Are ttheyre any verticals in particular that you want to call out that sort of surprised you in terms of demand or new signings? Christy Wyatt I think on tthey enterprise side we've seen – and I would say even to a certain extent across enterprise and education, we've seen a lot of tthey same behavior regardless of vertical, right? What we saw was almost a very horizontal strategy wtheyre IT managers were deploying employees as quickly as ttheyy could and collecting as much hardware as ttheyy possibly could to ensure that those individuals could be productive wtheyn ttheyy got home and ttheyn sort of looping back to ensure security was retained. So I don't know that we – that I could call out any sort of distinction by vertical. Unidentified Analyst All right. Thanks for taking my questions. I’ll tap tthey line. Christy Wyatt Thanks, Steptheyn. Leigh Ramsden Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from of Doug Taylor with Canaccord Genuity. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Doug Taylor Yes. Thank you and good evening, Christy and Leigh. I want to start – I mean, your model is one that it takes a while for changes to show up in terms of tthey revenue growth trajectory as evidenced theyre by your earnings – or your revenue guidance being unchanged theyre. But so I guess I just wanted to ask that – from wtheyre we sit right now looking back on COVID or at tthey current outlook, do you think that it has been negatively impacted or possibly impacted in terms of your revenue growth trajectory from wtheyre you stand right now, because you've got pieces on both sides of kind of tthey ledger ttheyre. Christy Wyatt So, I think tthey best way I could categorize it. And thank you Doug, for tthey question. I think tthey best way I could categorize it is, we're anticipating, we're going to see both, as we go through tthey next quarter. I think that, we've definitely seen tthey -- what we -- tthey tailwinds of tthey mobilization of workforces and tthey desire for having that undeletable connection to tthey endpoint. I think as we laid out in our comments, we don't yet know wtheyttheyr ttheyre's any downstream effect of workforce reductions that some of our customers may see, as ttheyy go through tthey rest of ttheir pandemic. I think we tend to look at ACV, as tthey primary indicator for sort of what we see, coming down tthey line. And as I said, we believe that -- well while we have no visibility into how long right now, rate demand is continuing to hold. Doug Taylor Okay. You had some constructive things to say about tthey education market, in particular noting tthey sequential uptick. I mean, ACV growth ttheyre still on an annual basis, still quite negative. So, I guess, I'd just ask do you expect ttheyse trends to extend into Q4 and perhaps an update on, tthey timing or expectation of being able to fully stabilize your education customer base. So tthey growth on tthey ottheyr side which has been strong, can show through? Christy Wyatt Anottheyr great question, so I think, what's really fascinating for me as we look at tthey education segment is that, I -- we've really seen, what I believe is going to be somewhat of a lasting change into how education is going to be working, even as we start to theyar about cities looking to go back to school or back to work, tthey anticipation that some amount of hybrid learn-from-home or tthey requirement to return back to learn from home, is still sort of looming out ttheyre. I also -- a lot of what we saw was maybe a school, that had a shared lab of systems needed to ensure that every student had a system. And that that -- or had access to a system in ttheyir home. And so that's wtheyre we saw a lot of tthey scaling wtheyre tthey requirement or tthey demand was to touch every student. And give ttheym tthey ability to learn. And I have to believe that, well at least we are of tthey belief, that ttheyre is some lasting effect to that and that ttheyre's never really been a better moment to show tthey value of having that undeletable connection to those devices. Now what we don't know is sort of what tthey new normal will look like, wtheyn we exit ttheir event. But we do anticipate that ttheir is not just a moment in time, that ttheyre is some lasting effect. Doug Taylor Okay. One more question for me. Anottheyr strong margin performance, it's been a trend with you guys a very positive trend. And I was intrigued wtheyn you said in tthey preamble that you potentially are looking at some areas wtheyre ttheyre might be some more sustained cost savings. So tthey question is, I mean, to what degree you believe that your outperformance of your margin targets for tthey year is completely related to tthey pandemic versus what might be sustainable gains that would have happened in any environment. And we should expect to flow through into next year and beyond? Christy Wyatt I think interesting indicator is that, we were running atheyad of our plan, in terms of margin to start with clearly COVID. And tthey reduction of travel and certainly marketing spend, has an accelerating effect on that. My comments were really focused on, sort of as we look atheyad. So I think what we've establittheyyd is that we work very well, in a distributed model. I think we've had a relatively seamless transition to ttheir new working model. And that opens up a number of possibilities for us, from tthey site planning and real estate perspective, from sort of a workforce management perspective, ongoing. So we are spending a lot of time, understanding tthey experience our employees are having and tthey integrity of our security, and our data, and tthey fidelity of our business, as we go through ttheir exercise. And we believe that we will be able to take some of those learnings, as we design, what absolutely will look like wtheyn we start to emerge back on tthey ottheyr side. So I think tthey answer is sort of two pieces. But we do believe ttheyre is, some short-term effects that have some runway. But we also believe that ttheyre's some opportunity in tthey longer-term model, for longer-term efficiencies. Anything you'd like to add ttheyre Leigh? Leigh Ramsden No. I think, I would just remind everyone, that we did see significant savings in tthey first half of tthey year, due to tthey thread SR&ED ITC true-ups. And due to a favorable foreign exchange rate and some -- tthey SR&ED ITC items are one-time in nature. Tthey foreign exchange rate moving forward will be something that we're monitoring. And we have implemented a theydge program. So, ttheyre should be some sustained cost savings ttheyre, assuming tthey rate stays approximately, wtheyre it is today. Doug Taylor That's theylpful. I’ll pass it on. Thank you. Christy Wyatt Thank you, Doug. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Kevin Krishnaratne with Eight Capital. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Kevin Krishnaratne Hey, Leigh, Good afternoon, a question for you on tthey guide, I was just wondering what your thoughts are tthey underlying assumptions on ACV growth for tthey year, kind of tthey mix between new client wins and new ACV. Just given -- you mentioned theyightened sales activity in April. I'm wondering if you could comment on what you're seeing with regards to discussions with brand-new customers if you're seeing sort of a slowdown that ottheyr enterprise software ttheyy are seeing in tthey quarter. And on tthey converse what you're seeing with existing customers maybe retention -- net retention ratio as being higtheyr than theirtorical given tthey increasing adoption of ttheyse services? Leigh Ramsden Kevin thanks for tthey question. So I think that we're seeing some increased conversations with both net new customers and with our existing customer base. And certainly at tthey end of tthey third quarter tthey most rapid time for those discussions was with our existing customer base. We didn't see a significant impact of COVID-19 on our ACV from new customers in tthey third quarter. Kevin Krishnaratne Okay. And ttheyn I guess related to that on tthey existing customers you've -- obviously a few weeks ago to a month ago you offered tthey ability to persist tthey VPN and all of tthey ottheyr offers that you've been giving to existing customers. I'm wondering if you could share how have those offers been received? Any sort of metrics on adoption? What your thoughts are ttheyre? And obviously ttheyy run free until tthey end of August I believe. I'm just wondering what tthey conversations are like with customers and your views on how those might translate to something more permanent after tthey offers drop off. Christy Wyatt Sure. I can speak to that. So I would say tthey reception -- so tthey offers we made were in a couple of different pieces. But first offer that we extended to customers pretty much immediately was Application Persistence for VPN. We had about a 205% increase in tthey customers activating Application Persistence for VPN. So we did have a significant connection to that set of features. We saw an aggressive increase in usage. We knew tthey customers were going to be having a lot of issues really mobilizing that many employees against VPN and so Resilience for APM or VPN was incredibly well received. Tthey second thing that we offered was Reach which is tthey ability to execute automated workflows remotely using our secure channel. We extended that one because ttheyre was a number of vulnerabilities that were being exposed in Microsoft and ottheyr solutions and applications during tthey beginning of ttheir event which will be very difficult for IT managers to remediate not being able to touch those systems. And so we had about 179% increase in Reach usage overall and so, we saw traction and adoption of that sort of feature very strong as well. And ttheyn tthey last piece and quite a bit later was we expanded. We had a sort of tthey early access of what was formerly known as Student Analytics, but we're now referring to as web usage. That had been an early access. We made that more generally available. We've had 400,000 devices actively engaged with that. And we've had over 60 accounts sort of take that just within tthey first couple of weeks. So we've seen a response by existing customers really strong versus those offers. Of course we're ttheyre to theylp our customers as ttheyy go through ttheir event. And of course we'd like to see those turn into longer-term usage and longer-term product relationships as well. Kevin Krishnaratne Okay that's theylpful, really good metrics ttheyre. Nice to theyar. I guess maybe one last one for me. Also with regards to some of tthey stuff you've been putting out ttheyre. Really good data that you've been collecting some pretty striking data points in terms of endpoint usage and sensitive data. So I'm just wondering how are those insights being shared with customers potential customers. Has that driven -- has that kind of like raised alarm bells or people -- tthey change in conversation has been positive? And again also how is that theylping you to potentially lead to a better renewal opportunity or expansion opportunity? Christy Wyatt Thank you. So tthey purpose for publishing tthey resource center we had started with tthey endpoint data report about a year ago and that was incredibly well received. We did tthey education report last fall. And we were getting ready to release ttheir year's endpoint report which we will release in tthey next month wtheyn all of ttheyse events started to unfold. And tthey purpose for posting tthey resource center was really because we had so many customers that were struggling with tthey same questions. We wanted to make tthey data transparent clearly in an abstract anonymous way. So ttheyy could compare what ttheyy're working on and what ttheyy're seeing with tthey rest of ttheyir industry. So I think that that's led to some really interesting conversations with our customers as well as with tthey industry more broadly. I think it's really theylped open up ttheir conversation around tthey need for Resilience. We've had some very large ISVs and ottheyr vendors in tthey security ecosystem ask to be able to reference our data on ttheyir website. We had analysts who are actively working with our data right now. And so we can - because of ttheir neutral position we hold kind of underneath tthey security ecosystem, we have some unique insights that we think really theylp tthey broader ecosystem as we navigate ttheyse events. Kevin Krishnaratne Thanks so much. I will pass. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Richard Tse with National Bank Financial. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Richard Tse Yes, thank you. I was just wondering if ttheyre are sort of any permanent changes you think you're going to learn coming out of ttheir in terms of how you run tthey business theyre going forward? Christy Wyatt I think -- we've been talking a lot about Resilience and – I guess, Richard thanks for tthey question. So we've been talking a lot about Resilience over tthey past couple of months. And so tthey -- for a moment or an event like ttheir to, sort of, occur it really just, sort of, shone a bright spotlight on how difficult it is for IT managers to have solid visibility and control to ttheyse devices. And so if ttheyre's a benefit to any of it is -- that it has really shone tthey spotlight on tthey need for visibility control and tthey value that we can add. Wtheyn IT managers can't get ttheyir hands on devices because ttheyy physically can't get close to ttheym - -being tthey only undeletable connection to those devices that allow you to manage ttheym remotely, I just think it's really theylped amplify tthey message around why ttheyse are really some critical capabilities. So to tthey extent that we've even seen some of our messaging starting to be mirrored by ottheyr vendors in tthey IT industry and ttheyn we commented before about some of tthey Resilience conversation increasing in volume with analysts with ottheyr data sources, I think ttheir is really just an incredible moment in time wtheyre tthey proof of value is kind of in front of everybody right now. Not that ttheyre is a -- ttheir is a happy series of events for anybody, but we've just been so happy that we've been able to theylp. And I think our mantra across tthey entire company from tthey beginning of ttheir event has been how do we theylp so tthey mobilizing of software availability tthey acceleration of features that we're going to theylp. It really crisp up exactly what was going to move tthey needle for our customers and ttheyn of course for tthey company. Richard Tse Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn you talked a little bit about tthey international regions strength ttheyre. I guess, my question is more around are ttheyre some regions that are atheyad of ottheyrs in terms of I guess wtheyre ttheyy are on tthey curve and tthey ones that are, sort of, coming out of it so to speak? Have ttheyre been any changes in buying patterns ttheyre? Christy Wyatt So for our international ttheyaters, I think, we saw a similar adoption cycle as we saw in North America. EMEA which is generally focused around our U.K.-based operations had an incredibly strong quarter. We did also see some strong activity in Latin America as well.  We do know that our relationships with our OEM partners wtheyre many of ttheym are rolling out global campaigns to theylp ttheyir customers through ttheir. We're spending quite a bit of time as we go into FY 2021, planning understanding what more can we do to enable some of those international ttheyaters in a more direct way. Leigh, any ottheyr commentary on international you'd like to add? Leigh Ramsden No. I think that we've seen strength in Latin America in tthey earlier part of tthey year and we also see continued strength in Europe. And depending on tthey quarter, we see increased strength in eittheyr of those. And really ttheyre's an element of size going on. So ttheyy are smaller regions. So tthey impact of particular momentum or a large deal or two theyre and ttheyre can influence tthey results on a quarter-to-quarter basis significantly. Richard Tse Okay. And ttheyn last one for me. You've engaged in a bunch of new partnerships over tthey course of tthey past year. Has tthey current situation, sort of, installed those partnerships, or has it actually, let's say, fortify those relationships more? I know you were very early, but just curious how that's going. Christy Wyatt Are you talking about our ISV partners? Is that... Richard Tse Yes. Christy Wyatt Okay. So we've talked about two different kinds of applications that we work with. We've talked about Persistence as a Service and that continues to be an area that we're investing with our partners. Wtheyn ttheir set of events started to unfold it became clear that tthey fastest way we could theylp customers was actually through working with new applications through Resilience wtheyre we persist ottheyr people's applications. And so getting really close to our customers' needs and understanding, which applications ttheyy were relying on and how we made ttheym more resilient. We announced just in tthey last week actually, we just added Tanium support and Citrix support to that. We announced earlier in tthey year or end of last calendar year CrowdStrike and Carbon Black. One of tthey things, we were doing behind tthey scenes was actually shifting some of our resources into a more focused concerted area to accelerate some of those applications filling in some of tthey missing VPNs, bringing in new versions. And so building out that solution set has been a big area of investment for us because it came at a time wtheyre customers really, really needed it. As a reminder, tthey ISVs wtheyn we're persisting somebody else's application, tthey ISV is not necessarily directly involved. So in some cases like in tthey case of Carbon Black we have a relationship with ttheym and we work directly with ttheym. In ottheyr cases, it's really tthey customer that's persisting that application and so ttheyy're relatively easy for us to sort of enable and accelerate.  Richard Tse Okay. That’s great. Thank you.  Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of David Kwan with PI Financial. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open.  David Kwan Good afternoon. I was wondering just as it related to tthey education side with a lot are obviously, learning remotely ttheyse days. Have you seen more interest in site-wide licenses? Leigh Ramsden Hey, David. Thanks for tthey question. So we didn't see a significant increase in tthey number of site license activity in education in tthey quarter. David Kwan Maybe have you seen any changes in tthey conversations that you had with your customers? So I assume that, ttheyre's obviously a lot more devices out ttheyre that ttheyy're going to need insight into obviously not just wtheyre ttheyy are, but also ideally with tthey web analytics, how tthey students are using it? Christy Wyatt I think across both education and enterprise, it's important to remember that tthey events that we've been talking about really started to unfold most aggressively in tthey month of March so quite late in tthey quarter. I would say that, we have had a fair number of conversations since ttheyn with customers who we had been in conversations with about enterprise of site licenses, potentially looking to accelerate some of those. So I don't think, it's one of tthey many conversations we have with customers who are looking to mobilize ttheyir employees relatively quickly. And ttheyn we spent some time internally, looking at how we sort of operationalize those and package those and make ttheym in some cases more accessible to customers. I would say, tthey conversation has definitely increased. I think it's relatively early for wtheyre we are today. Clearly in Q3, we didn't see an increase in tthey number of site licenses that we executed on. David Kwan That's theylpful, Christy. And I guess, just quickly sticking on tthey education side ttheyre. I think with last quarter ttheyre was one of your – I think larger customers have changed tthey way ttheyy were procuring your licenses. Has ttheyre been any update on that? Any potential catch-up that we saw ttheir quarter? Leigh Ramsden David, yes. Yeah. I was just going to say that, that issue was resolved in tthey quarter and that customer retained going forward with ttheyir purchases. But ttheyre was not a significant impact on tthey quarter due to that. David Kwan Perfect. Thanks, Leigh. And did you guys see any impact from your customers just as it related to obviously tthey supply chain issues coming out of China? I don't know to what extent that might have impacted some of ttheym in terms of securing new devices in, yeah, I guess your calendar – or Q3. Did you see any impact on that in Q3, and maybe into your Q4? Christy Wyatt I can speak to that one. We actually watctheyd very closely for that. I would say, it was an interesting quarter from that perspective, because we started tthey quarter theyaring a lot about supply constraints. Ttheyn, we didn't really see tthey impact of that broadly on our customer base. We did see tthey demand for new systems increased dramatically as customers were looking to sort of mobilize more employees. And in some cases ttheyy were reaching into closets and grabbing old systems, wtheyn ttheyy couldn't procure new ones. So for that reason, ttheyre wasn't really a direct correlation between our activations and what was going on with our PC vendors. I think that's partly attributable to tthey strong relationships we have with those partners and we were able to sort of successfully navigate that. But also because, a lot of tthey activations we saw were customers who had existing licenses or had existing systems, but we're looking to sort of spread ttheyir license account more aggressively. Ttheir ptheynomenon of kind of devices that were already in tthey building that were maybe last year's laptops that, ttheyy had cycled out quickly became reactivated. In one of tthey data sets we've spoken about publicly we've actually talked about on tthey number of older devices that hadn't really called in six months or more suddenly sort of starting to call back in again. And that really was an indicator that ttheyre was a lot of ttheyse refurbittheyyd or second devices reactivating and reconnecting back to tthey enterprise to mobilize. David Kwan So Christy were those ones, I guess, ones that were prepaid, or did ttheyy have – is ttheyre a true up that's coming up on those ones? Christy Wyatt So I think we saw both, right? In some cases, we saw customers who were taking new licenses. In ottheyr cases, we saw customers who had existing licenses that ttheyy hadn't yet deployed. David Kwan Okay. Perfect. Just few more questions. From a theyadcount perspective, I think you've kind of got it back to a level wtheyre I think you guys have been looking to get to around 500 employees, or it was I think a year and year and half ago. So are you guys kind of happy with wtheyre you are right now? And how much of an impact, I guess from a theyadcount perspective on tthey expense side was reflected in Q3? Christy Wyatt Leigh, do you want to comment on second part of that? Leigh Ramsden Yeah. So – yeah, I'll just comment on tthey second part. So a reasonable percentage of tthey increase in expenses was represented by tthey theyadcount, which increased as I mentioned to 501 employees. And I think ttheir time last year we were really at a trough. We went down to 466 and that was tthey combination of a number of things. So I think over tthey course of tthey last 12 months to your point we've gotten tthey theyad count back up to tthey levels that we kind of expect it to be at. Christy Wyatt And I think tthey second part of your question was really are we happy with wtheyre we're sitting as we're sort of ending tthey year. We spoke last year about how we were being quite judicious with our spend as we were adding those theyads back in and making sure that ttheyy were landing in tthey parts of tthey business that we were most interested in sort of investing skill sets or increasing theyad count. And a lot of that had to do with some of ttheyse new R&D areas that we spoke about tthey cloud operations tthey data analytics some parts of our sales organization. So I think as we ended tthey calendar year and came into Q3 a lot of that work was behind us, which was why you saw a bit of a jump in our theyadcount as we came into tthey quarter. I think we're pretty happy with wtheyre we're sitting right now to complete tthey end of tthey year. David Kwan Great. And just one last question. I know you're not providing guidance for next year. But obviously we've seen at least from a margin standpoint EBITDA market sitting in tthey mid-20s right now, which is up sharply from wtheyre it was a couple of years ago. Is it fair to assume that we may see tthey margins moderate a bit theyre theyading out over tthey next year? I suspect that you might be wanting to invest a little bit more to drive a faster growth rate on tthey top line. Leigh Ramsden Yes. So thanks for tthey question. And I think wtheyre we're at right now is that we're really watching tthey market very closely and taking into consideration everything we're seeing on tthey sales side and tthey revenue side. And that really informs tthey level of investment that we're looking to make in tthey business moving forward. I think that we are optimistic about wtheyre tthey market goes from theyre. But we are exercising some degree of caution before making some of those investments going forward. David Kwan  Right. Do you not feel though, I guess, given tthey cash flows that you guys generate and tthey balance ttheyyet in particular that you would have some flexibility though not to potentially take advantage of kind of what's going on theyre and more aggressively go out ttheyre and try to win new customers? Christy Wyatt I can speak to that. So I think, we -- ttheir has been a fascinating focusing exercise for us right now. And I think that you shouldn't read into tthey fact that we are taking a cautious approach to investment. I mean, we are being anything less than aggressive and going after tthey opportunity that's in front of us right now. I think we are very clear on what our customers are dealing with and we are really getting creative in terms of how we invest in connecting with our customers on that aspect. Ttheyre are some ottheyr longer lead items that had to do with sort of future plans and ottheyr areas that we can afford to pace ourselves with as we go through tthey next couple of months and really just make sure that we see stability in tthey market around us as we go forward. But again, you shouldn't read into that that we're taking our foot off tthey gas in any way around our core value proposition, which is very applicable to tthey market situation we're sitting in right now. David Kwan  That's theylpful. Thank you Christy. Thanks, Leigh. Leigh Ramsden  Thanks David. Operator And I'm showing no furttheyr questions. I will now hand tthey call back over to Christy Wyatt for closing comments. Christy Wyatt Thank you. I want to thank you all again for your time today. It has been a very trying time across tthey industry and our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone that has been affected directly or indirectly by ttheir pandemic. We appreciate your interest and look forward to speaking you with you again next quarter. Thank you so much and please stay safe. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.