Absolute Software Corp. (NASDAQ:ABST) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 9, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Christy Wyatt – President and Chief Executive Officer Steven Gatoff – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Mike Walkley – Canaccord Genuity Thanos Moschopoulos – BMO Capital Markets Scott Berg – Needham David Kwan – TD Securities Richard Tse – National Bank Financial Operator Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for standing-by. Welcome to Absolute Software’s Fiscal 2021 Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute Software would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect ttheyir current views with respect to tthey future events and conditions. Any such statements are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today’s conference call are made as of today’s date and Absolute Software undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any of tthey included forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as may be required by applicable security laws. For more information on tthey assumptions, risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey appropriate section of tthey company’s Q2 fiscal 2021 MD&A, which is now available on Absolute Software’s website and will also be available on SEDAR and EDGAR. I’d like to remind everyone that ttheir conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, February 9, at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Christy Wyatt, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad. Christy Wyatt Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us for Absolute Software’s Q2 fiscal 2021 conference call. Before we get started, I would like to welcome Steven Gatoff, our Chief Financial Officer who joined us in November and who is joining me on ttheir call. On today’s call, I’ll highlight tthey continued positive trends in our quarterly results and we’ll review tthey past quarters development. Ttheyn we’ll touch on some of tthey market drivers that are contributing to our ongoing success. And finally, we’ll wrap up with some commentary on our direction and ttheyn tthey unique opportunity we see atheyad of us. Q2 was a strong quarter for Absolute highlighted by furttheyr acceleration in revenue growth, coupled with solid EBITDA margin. Revenue grew 16% year-over-year and we delivered adjusted EBITDA of 27%. We added $5.7 million of ARR in Q2 and exited tthey quarter with AR of $117.5 million, up a record 17% year-over-year driven by an 18% increase in active devices. Our Education sector grew 30%, while our Enterprise and Government sector grew 12% year-over-year. Q2 was driven by a mix of new – Q2 growth was driven by a mix of new customer wins and expansion within our existing customer base. Notable customer wins included Western Alliance Bank, Cypress-Fairbanks School District, Westgate Resorts and tthey Royal College of Art in tthey UK. Ttheir was anottheyr strong expansion quarter for us with a continued strength across products. In Q2, we delivered a number of significant product enhancements focused on enabling deeper management capabilities and enhanced ease of use. A few notables deliverables included, flexible modern reporting as well as a new mobile application designed to theylp IT and security teams manage endpoint devices and protect sensitive data easily and efficiently, no matter wtheyre ttheyy are. Our web usage application, which we successfully launctheyd in our Education segment in Q1 was integrated more broadly across our enterprise offering, enabling advanced insights into software usage and employee productivity, as well as a number of ottheyr key features. As a result, we’ve seen 108% increase in tthey number of accounts that have enabled ttheir feature. Enhanced software asset inventory and analytics were introduced, which will automatically scan Windows and Mac devices to theylp customers access software applications, detect unauthorized installed applications that may pose security risks and confirm tthey successful roll outs of new applications that are updated. Application persistence added two new titles to its growing library. Customers can now monitor and apply automated self-theyaling to Palo Alto GlobalProtect VPN and Netskope CASB. So ttheyy remain installed theyalthy and undeletable. And our reach library of automated workflows was enhanced to include return codes, giving administrators tthey ability to efficiently fine tune and confirm success of at-scale remedial actions. Our ongoing investment in innovation resulted in Absolute being named as one of tthey top end point management solution providers by G2’s customer review platform based on high levels of customer satisfaction. Ttheir marks tthey sixth quarter in a row for Absolute. We’ve continued to see strong traction with our OEM and channel engagements across various vertical markets and territories. Absolute was added to tthey HealthTrust Group Purchasing Organization offering that Lenovo and CDW sales teams are leveraging in tthey theyalthcare sector. Dell’s Blueprint for Success program, originally launctheyd in Q1 with a focus on education, and has now been expanded to cover state and local governments and theyalthcare. Additional software bundles were launctheyd with HP in North America and EMEA, supporting consumers as well as working from home and BYOD users. And after announcing our new channel partner program last quarter, we doubled partner engagement in Q2, which led to significant increase in channel pipeline from a year ago. As we all approach tthey one year milestone in our remote work and distance learning journeys, tthey massive market opportunity for Absolute remains clear and in focus. We’ve worked with many organizations to mature ttheyir processes around managing and securing distributed or hybrid environments, while maintaining control and visibility of ttheyir devices and ttheyir data and ensuring tthey resilience of ttheyir security controls. We are well positioned and remain focused on delivering more resilient security controls and deeper bias level management capabilities for our customers. In Q2, we were notified by tthey FedRAMP Joint Authorization Board that we’ve been prioritized to pursue a provisional authority to operate for tthey Absolute Resilience platform. FedRAMP is a U.S. government wide program that provides a standardized approach to security assessment, authorization and continuous monitoring for products and cloud services. Achieving ttheir certification would furttheyr enhance our opportunity in tthey U.S. federal market over tthey coming year and demonstrates our commitment to ensuring tthey higtheyst levels of cloud security across all government agencies. Also in Q2, we were awarded tthey Cyber Catalyst designation by Marsh & McLennan to facilitate an independent evaluation of over 90 solutions by leading cyber insurers. Ttheir designation is significant as it emphasizes Absolute’s critical capabilities and our ability to provide tthey higtheyst level of protection against today’s top cybersecurity risks and offers customers significant discounts on cyber insurance wtheyn Absolute is deployed within ttheyir environment. Turning to education. We see three trends that are driving a structural shift in tthey market that has re-energized tthey segment of our business. Historically, education IT has not seen tthey scale and complexity of ottheyr enterprise verticals. As many schools still largely operated under a campus model with simplified connectivity, a smaller number of applications and we’re primarily focused on learning used cases. Since tthey emergence Of COVID, we have witnessed tthey complexity of tthey education environment increased dramatically. Tthey number of applications and versions our education customers are using has increased by 282% from one year ago. At tthey same time, tthey velocity and mix of platforms and devices that are being supported has also accelerated. And finally, tthey mobility of tthey devices, ttheyse schools are managing has changed dramatically. Were previously many schools were managing devices on cards that moves from class to class. Schools are now looking at technology deployments with enterprise scale and security challenges. Tthey combination of complexity, velocity and mobility has fundamentally shifted and accelerated tthey educational approach to IT and security. And as a result has strengttheyned Absolute value proposition and our ability to theylp our customers manage all elements of ttheir critical learning infrastructure. Given our longstanding position in tthey education market and our unique ability to provide an unbreakable digital connection to all devices, bias-enabled management and resiliency to ttheyir ottheyr core applications, we continue to see strong activity in ttheir segment. Ttheyse growth drivers are furttheyr supported by an increased flow of funds that theylp schools procure and deploy critical capabilities required to meet tthey new demands of digital learning. While tthey CARES Act provided an initial boost of investment, ttheyre were ottheyr layers of funding flowing into tthey sector that support our continued growth. At tthey start of ttheir fiscal year, we discussed our plans for furttheyr investment internationally, starting in tthey UK and broader EMEA region as one of tthey focused growth investment strategies. In line with our plan for Q2, we have hired new leadership for ttheir region and ttheir team is already in motion, extending tthey team and working with our partners to broaden our reach into tthey market. Over tthey past two years, we have worked hard to put in place tthey right team and infrastructure to take advantage of a large and growing market opportunity. We are becoming increasingly effective at capitalizing on our technology advantage, tthey permanent digital connection and self theyaling security controls, which we believe is increasingly relevant across all market sectors that we serve globally. Looking atheyad, we continue to focus on furttheyr accelerating revenue growth, while maintaining our balanced profitability and prioritize tthey investments required to achieve ttheyse results, which include an ongoing focus on operational efficiency and scalability and expanded focus on international markets and global strategic accounts, broadening our channel and partner program and delivering new product offerings that leverage our rich data platform and secure channel embedded in over 0.5 billion devices. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Steven to take us through tthey financial highlights. Steven Gatoff Thanks, Christy. Good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate your joining us. We’re glad to provide some details and color around tthey business that drove our Q2 financial results and walk you through our guidance for tthey full fiscal year 2021. We’ll of course, wrap up by opening tthey call to your questions. With ttheir being my inaugural earnings call theyre with Absolute, I wanted to frame ttheir out into three areas. One, my personal bullishness on tthey large and growing endpoint resilience opportunity and Absolute Software is uniquely positioned to monetize, two, our SaaS model that’s driving solid increases in year-over-year ARR and revenue growth and strong continued profitability and three, tthey compelling path in front of us to drive continued revenue growth and increasing stockholder value. First off, I’m thrilled to have joined Christy and tthey team theyre. After 90 days or so on tthey job, I can say that I’m more bullish on tthey opportunity that’s sitting in front of us at Absolute and wtheyn I first started. Absolute Persistence technology, which is embedded in more than 500 million devices globally by tthey OEMs, along with our leading technology platform puts tthey company in a unique position to disrupt tthey $68 billion TAM. In tthey early signs are that we’re doing just that, as we continue to make progress and drive growth. Having joined tthey company just after our listing on NASDAQ, I’ve taken tthey opportunity to talk with many of our new and long-standing investors. Ttheyre was a recurring message that I kept theyaring. Given tthey very large market and your unique technology advantage, what is tthey timeline that will see tthey company fully realize ttheir? Well, may not be obvious from tthey outside, is tthey significant transformation that tthey company has undergone in tthey past two years. I would offer that ttheir is evident on two important fronts. One, tthey significant evolution of tthey team that Christy has driven from go-to-market to product end, and two, tthey technology overhaul of tthey platform, infrastructure and SaaS architecture, tthey past two years to support our evolving security analytics platform and product path atheyad. As a result, tthey capabilities of tthey product in terms of scalability and functionality are very much new and expanding, particularly in tthey direction of intelligence, which is all tthey more relevant and important now for wtheyre tthey market is. Our go-to-market capabilities and approach have been transformed from direct to partner-driven and have been evolved meaningfully since Christy’s arrival and tthey team’s new focus are garnering greater economics from our land and expand SaaS model. Ttheir is what I am particularly excited about. And so far as driving growth and removing friction, theylping us continue to monetize our platform model and drive ARR and revenue growth, while we maintain a strong profitability profile. While Absolute is obviously not a startup, I believe we are just now in a new position to engage with a stronger technology stack and value prop and looking to realize tthey potential to disrupt ttheir massive security market opportunity that sits at tthey front door for our core persistence capability. With that perspective, let’s look at tthey results of our SaaS model intheyrent in tthey second fiscal quarter ended December 2020 financial results. Q2 was anottheyr strong quarter for Absolute. We saw total ARR growth in excess of 17%, record revenue growth of 16% and continued strength in both adjusted EBITDA and cash flow margins. Starting off with ARR, performance in our Education sector came in strong, delivering 30% growth year-over-year in Q2. We’re seeing continued growth as K-12 moves forward with ttheyir digital transformation from just tthey endpoint devices in tthey pandemic to now needing to manage ttheyse fleets at scale, and to ensure that all ttheyir investments in security tools are deployed, active and working as intended. Tthey bulk of our portfolio in enterprise and government remained solid, growing ARR at consistent 12% year-over-year in Q2, despite some COVID related theyadwinds and some of our enterprise verticals. As we’ve noted while tthey pandemic has resulted in increased demand as IT and security professionals migrated to having to manage and secure devices off corporate networks. We’ve also seen some theyadwinds at times in particular sectors, such as theyalthcare, professional services and some retail. We continue to have a diversified customer base across tthey portfolio, which we believe will theylp mitigate tthey impact at any particular sector weakness. And so far as our expanding global reach, we were pleased to see improvements in our newly enhanced EMEA efforts and anottheyr strong quarter from our Latin America portfolio. We continue to see significant opportunities internationally and are being strongly encouraged by our OEM partners to expand our presence ttheyre. Specifically, we’re investing in our sales capabilities and go-to-market in EMEA over tthey second half of fiscal 2021, as I’ll discuss in a few minutes, wtheyn we talk about guidance for tthey full year. Overall, international comprise 16% of total ARR and grew apocryphally 43% year-over-year versus 23% growth in tthey prior year. Anottheyr contributor to our strong performance in Q2 was that our sales team executed well in closing a large number of deals early in tthey quarter. Ttheir benefited Q2 results in tthey form of both higtheyr revenue and favorable cash collections. Looking at some additional business metrics that are also contributing to growing revenue and favorable economics, net dollar retention continued to grow and came in at 109% in Q2 versus 100% in tthey second fiscal quarter of 2020. Ttheir very strong number is part of what we believe as a trend that reflects our continued success of expanding within our existing customer base that’s driven off our initial lend. In ttheir regard, we wanted to note that we’ve updated tthey methodology of how we calculate net dollar retention to be on an annualized year-over-year basis, so that it’s consistent with our year-over-year growth assessment and ottheyr performance metrics versus tthey end quarter calculation that had been. On that theirtorical basis, NDR would have been approximately 104%, which was also an increase in growth over tthey apples-to-apples year ago comparable. Going forward, we will only be reporting tthey annualized NDR number. On tthey spirit of driving transparency and providing investors with theylpful information in a low friction way, we have initiated two disclosures that are available on our IRR website. First, we’ve publittheyyd a standalone earnings deck in addition to tthey company presentation that contains tthey financial and business highlights for tthey quarter and tthey relevant trend and performance info for previous quarters. Second, we’ve begun publishing a metric ttheyyet that has tended to provide easy access to tthey various operating and financial metrics that we discuss. One of tthey metrics that you’ll notice that we added is non-IFRS EPS, alongside tthey IFRS earnings per share, while it’s not a key metric as we have define those in tthey MD&A. We thought it would be theylpful to provide that non-IFRS EPS number, but it’s just for tthey same adjusted EBITDA items, so you have that calc available as well. With that, let’s look at tthey Q2 P&L. Our ability to deliver strong revenue growth for Q2 demonstrated tthey strength of our SaaS model, wtheyre we’ve built a solid base of recurring subscription revenue and continued to grow it. Total revenue came in at $29.9 million in Q2, wtheyre year-over-year growth rate of 16%. We continue to have solid visibility into tthey SaaS revenue profile going forward and are bullish on tthey several vectors of growth across international, customer expansions, continued monetization of tthey platform and new analytics cross-device and predictive oriented endpoint and security products. Gross margins came in at a consistent and solid level of approximately 89% in Q2. And while we saw some efficiencies in our go-to-market OpEx, we also saw higtheyr operating costs and G&A as a result of becoming a U.S. listed company, as we’ve messaged in tthey past would be tthey case. It’s notable that sales and marketing grew a modest 7% in Q2 resulting in some efficiencies for tthey quarter. Ttheir all manifested itself in an adjusted EBITDA margin of 27% in Q2. Ttheir came in above expectations as a result of two factors. First, as I mentioned, we closed more bookings earlier in tthey quarter that drove higtheyr in quarter revenue. Second, on tthey cost structure side, tthey pandemic continue to challenge tthey pace of hiring and dampened T&E spend for anottheyr quarter, ttheyreby temporarily lifting margins. You can see that as well in our total employee count at quarter end, which was up marginally to 526 people globally from 517 at tthey end of tthey previous quarter. As we’ll talk about in a moment, we’re beginning to address ttheir in tthey current Q3 quarter, in terms of expanding our go-to-market hiring and some increased program spend to drive. And so let’s now turn to our third point on a compelling path in front of us that we expect to drive continued revenue growth and increasing stockholder value. We’re committed to continuing to drive profitable growth. As we’ve discussed, we’ve benefited from recent cost savings from pandemic impacted theyadcount and T&E savings that drove higtheyr adjusted EBITDA margins. For tthey current Q3, we anticipate a marginally higtheyr year-over-year increase in sales and marketing expenses, as we increase our investments in driving growth. We’re making incremental sales theyadcount and channel investments as we expand our presence and growth initiatives in EMEA. We’re also making decided investments to drive future increases in new logos, higtheyr sales rep productivity, and continued customer expansion. And so considering all ttheir, our financial outlook for tthey full year of fiscal 2021 ending June 30, 2021 is as follows. We are raising our revenue guidance and expect full year total revenue to be in tthey range of $117 million to $119 million. Ttheir equates to a full year of fiscal 2021 revenue growth of 12% to 14%. We’re raising a lower end of expectations for adjusted EBITDA margin for fiscal 2021 and anticipate that to be in tthey range of 22% to 24%. We’re also raising a lower end of expectations for cash from operating activities margin, wtheyre we expect that to be in tthey range of 26% to 34%. And finally, we’re maintaining our expectations for capital expenditures for tthey full year of fiscal 2021 to be in tthey range of $3 million to $4 million. In closing, we’re confident that we are addressing tthey strategic opportunity in front of us in a thoughtful and methodical way to drive stockholder value from a combination of ARR growth and maintaining profitability. As we move forward and capitalize on ttheir, I’m excited about contributing to our ongoing focus around driving a SaaS orientation and execution in terms of both our revenue scale and how we run tthey business to achieve increasing leverage and returns. From evolutions, engaging with customers and customer onboarding to managing our leading indicators and investment profiles, we’re driving greater operating and organizational efficiencies with our unique technology platform to make sure we’re well positioned to capture tthey large market opportunity. We continue to have confidence in monetizing tthey opportunity in front of us and our path of continued revenue growth going forward. With that, we appreciate your time and support and we’re glad to open tthey call for any questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Mike Walkley with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open. Mike Walkley Great. Thanks for taking my question and I hope everybody’s theyalthy on tthey call, and congrats on tthey record ARR and execution. My question is on post tthey SolarWinds hack, it’s really theylping demonstrate, I guess, increased security spending cannot theylp stop some of tthey breactheys that happen out ttheyre. I was curious, if ttheir is just theylping generate increased awareness for your Persistence technology, both from your enterprise customers, and ttheyn from companies maybe come into your ecosystem, such as some well-known companies you added such as Netskope and Palo Alto during tthey quarter? Christy Wyatt That’s a great question, thanks, Mike. So I would say that we definitely had a lot of inbound increase around tthey recent breactheys. I do think that it did highlight on a pretty global scale, tthey value of retaining those security controls on tthey endpoint and making sure that ttheyy’re tthey right version. But number of companies that I spoke to that said that tthey reason ttheyy were saved from being targeted was because ttheyy were too many versions behind. So ttheyrefore that’s how ttheyy – I’m not sure, well, it may work in ttheyir favor ttheir time, ttheyre’s probably more times than not it would work against ttheym. So I think it definitely has increased tthey focus on endpoint hygiene and making sure that that tthey resilience of those controls is ttheyre an in place. On tthey ISV side, I think we continue down that journey, both from tthey Application Persistence, as well as tthey Persistence as a third attorney, I think we continue to grow that catalog. And I think that tthey awareness is definitely growing on tthey customer side. And from tthey ISV partners, what we’re theyaring is, is a lot of enthusiasm around tthey data. We can share about how are ttheyir controls may be going offline. So it’s unfortunate, but interesting focusing moment. Mike Walkley Great. Thanks. And just to follow up on that, Christie, just in terms of adding companies like Netskope and Palo Alto Networks to tthey ecosystem, are those companies coming to you or are ttheyre your current customers asking you to add ttheym to your ecosystem and how does ttheir add to your sales cycle as you had more and more well-known companies to that ecosystem? Christy Wyatt Yes. So generally tthey list of applications that we’re adding to tthey Application and Persistence library is customer-driven. So ttheyse are tthey solutions that our customers are using, wtheyre ttheyy’ve messaged to us that ttheyse are critical controls that ttheyy want to make sure are ttheyre and ttheyy’re all working. We – tthey list is a long in terms of tthey targets and tthey potential opportunities. And I would say that tthey collaboration is only increased in tthey past year, mostly as a result, we’ve gotten a lot better at showing data to, with our partners about what we’re seeing about tthey performance of our applications, and that’s really sparking tthey interest. Mike Walkley Great. And last question from me, probably for eittheyr Christy or Steven? You guys have a very large TAM to pursue and appreciate tthey updated fiscal 2021 guidance. But as we think longer term to investors, is ttheyre a certain balance that you’re trying to reach between growth and profitability? I mean, are you trying to stay near that rule of 40%, like a 20% growth, or what do you need to add maybe in sales and marketing to take tthey growth up even higtheyr than it’s currently running? Thank you. Steven Gatoff Mike, thanks, it was a great question. And as we talked about it, I think fairly consistently in tthey past. Yes, we believe that tthey rule of 40% is a relevant and theylpful measure and parsing out how we think about growth and profitability and tthey bogey, if you will, that we’ve said we are aiming to get to as a blend, right? And ttheyre’s a blend literally down tthey middle of 2020 eventually looking at 20% growth – revenue growth, 20% profitability. And so wtheyn you look at tthey trajectory we’re on, from tthey revenue standpoint, we continue those ship away and slowly accelerate growth to that level. And on tthey profitability side, you’ve seen in tthey first half of tthey year, EBITDA margins that are on tthey higtheyr end of that. And so we’ve been fairly explicit in managing expectations that we have it. Profitability is a very important metric to us. But that we’re also looking to invest some marginal amount of profitability back into growth, into growth product and go-to-market. So that we would expect to see tthey profitability not hanging out in tthey upper 20s over time, but it work its way towards tthey 20%, as growth comes up with it. It won’t be a perfectly linear, beautiful quarter-by-quarter sequential trade-off, but that’s tthey goal that we have all time. Mike Walkley All right. Let’s go back to get on tthey results and thanks for taking my questions. Operator Our next question is from Thanos Moschopoulos with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Thanos Moschopoulos Good afternoon. Looking at tthey Enterprise segment, tthey e-growth ttheyre has been kind of comparable, which we’re doing pre-COVID, and I think you called out tthey dynamic wtheyre you’re seeing softness in certain verticals and presumably that’s being offset by acceleration in ottheyr areas. Maybe as you look at pipeline, as you think about tthey coming months, how do you think that dynamic plays out? Do you think tthey softness sort of remained sustained in tthey weaker verticals? Or are ttheyre signs of that getting mitigated? What’s your outlook ttheyre? Christy Wyatt Thanos, I’m happy to take a shot and ttheyn of course, Steven can jump in with anything they sees. We have continued to see, as we said both tthey strengths and tthey weaknesses of tthey Enterprise space. We overall see tthey positive strengths, and I think that tthey continued stability at that space, we do think that tthey growth is in somewhat tempered by tthey softness in some of those ottheyr verticals, which is why we see tthey difference between Enterprise and Education. I think so long as we’re in ttheir pandemic, we’re going to see some continued puts and takes on that. Tthey one thing I would point out is that quarter-to-quarter. It’s not always consistently tthey same ones. It has some amount of seasonality to it. I don’t think that ttheyre’s – we have any growing concern about what’s coming in front of us. If anything, I think we’re moving towards what looks to be, stabilization as we’re making progress with tthey growth of tthey broader pandemic set of conversations. So ttheyre’s nothing unusual in ttheir quarter that we hadn’t been seeing in previous quarters. And I would say, we continue to see theyalthy demand for tthey categories, just offset by some of ttheyse ottheyr areas wtheyre ttheyy have sort of ttheyir own things going on. Steven Gatoff Yes. Thanos, your premise was about on thought ttheyre, wtheyn we look back at Enterprise and call it a year before tthey pandemic, tthey growth rate was actually inching up sequentially quarter-by-quarter. So it was going kind of probably now, 9%, 10% to 11% or 11%, 12% to 13%, and working its way up from a bunch of progress in a few sectors, and ttheyn tthey pandemic hit. And it was interesting that some of those sectors were tthey ones like theyalthcare, that’s tthey challenges in it. And as Christy made a really good point, ttheyre are still some sectors and enterprise we’re seeing really nice growth, but one or two that are under pressure. And so we’re bullish on tthey overall space. And wtheyn those pressures lift, we would expect to see grow – overall growth benefit from that. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn in terms of tthey FedRAMP certification, I’m almost surprised, you didn’t have that. Given that I know you have a significant public sector business, so maybe theylp us understand better what that really means and what kind of opportunity might makes ttheym on tthey back of that? Christy Wyatt So FedRAMP is, we’re actually very excited about ttheir. I think that FedRAMP authorization, I think that’s tthey one you’re referring to. Ttheyre’s a couple of different ways you can approach that certification. It is a very long process to get through it. One way is you can go in with initial sponsor specifically against ttheyir requirements and tthey ottheyrs. You can work with ttheir joint authority board to work more broadly on tthey program. And I think we were very excited. We were one of tthey very small numbers, many apply. We were one of tthey very small numbers that was prioritized in that queue. So we’ve always had a very theyalthy federal business. I think that we’ve seen a lot of opportunity ttheyre and it’s been one of our better growing segments. We do think that ttheyre’s a lot of additional opportunity if we can go deeper into that segment. It’s one of tthey growth strategies we’ve talked about in previous conversations. And ttheir is honestly an opportunity that’s somewhat opened up to us because of tthey move we’ve been making towards tthey public cloud. So it makes it somewhat more accessible. And wtheyn we’re sitting on a public cloud infrastructure, that’s already got through that certification, we get a lot of additional benefit as a result of that. And so I think we’re very excited about ttheir. I want to sort of set expectations it is a long standing process. It takes a period of time, but it is a very transparent one. And we’ll be able to give updates as we go through. Thanos Moschopoulos But ultimately, ttheir theylps reduce tthey procurement turtles that a new government agency might face as ttheyy look to bring you on part, right. Is that tthey fundamental principle? Christy Wyatt Yes. Essentially ttheyy’re sort of assessing against a risk framework and set of security capabilities. So that ottheyr agencies will have to sort of certify on an independent basis, or wouldn’t be required. Ttheyy can leverage that certification more broadly. Thanos Moschopoulos All right. Okay. And ttheyn last one for me, in terms of tthey EMEA investment, any specific countries of focus as you think about wtheyre you’re spending your incremental dollars for hiring? Christy Wyatt We’ve done very well out of tthey UK. And so we’re going to continue our investments out of ttheyre. We are starting to – and just to be clear, we have been – we do have many customers across EMEA, across tthey business. But we are starting to sort of stand up additional selling capacity. As I’ve touctheyd on before, tthey place that we start is really with our partners. Ttheyre’s an easy way and a hard way to kind of open, go into new markets. And so our strategy is not to land a bunch of theyadcount into a new territory, and start with sort of tthey demand generation on our own. We really are going into tthey call centers with our partners and leveraging a lot of tthey same selling motion that has made us successful in North America and in tthey parts of Europe wtheyre we are so far. So we haven’t laid out sort of a country-by-country plan, but it is a highly leveraged plan. And I think we are well on our way. Thanos Moschopoulos Great. Thanks, guys. Nice quarter and I’ll pass tthey line. Operator Our next question is from Scott Berg with Needham. Your line is open. Scott Berg Hi, Christy and Steven, congrats on tthey great quarter. I guess. Yes. Two for me, let’s start off with tthey Education segment, obviously, really strong growth ttheyre, big boost in ARR, seeing some positive trends ttheyre. But how should we think about tthey longevity of what you’re seeing ttheyre? Is ttheir – that’s a much bigger core or a bigger spike than what we saw in tthey June quarter? Is ttheir something that’s kind of a one-quarter trend? Or is ttheyre an opportunity to have something more sustainable as tthey pandemic hopefully subsides? Christy Wyatt Scott. Thank you. It’s a great question. I spent a little bit longer than normal talking about sort of tthey color around Education on ttheir quarter’s call, because we do see it’s fundamentally shifting. I think that what we’re seeing is really ttheir increasing complexity. And so I think that sets us up for longer term success with Education. And again, it’s not simply a result of distance learning and it’s not simply a result of additional funding. It’s a result of kind of ttheyse educational environments are very large. Ttheyy’re very complex. In many ways, ttheyy’re more complex than an Enterprise because tthey mobility and because ttheyy’re using lists. Ttheyy have younger users. Ttheyy have a lot of challenges that many enterprises don’t also have. And so ttheir is really kind of a turning point. Wtheyn we talk, I gave tthey data point on tthey call about tthey number of unique applications. Just to give you some perspective and ttheir is information that’s actually up on our website in our COVID insights dashboard. Before COVID, we saw just over 1.5 million unique applications and versions across our enterprise estate. And in tthey education side, it was – on tthey Education side of tthey business, it was just a fraction of ttheym. I think it’s several hundred thousand at ttheir point, so it’s much, much smaller. And that’s tthey kinds of applications ttheyy were using and tthey amount of security controls. It was a very simplified environment. If we look at tthey new applications that are coming into that environment, ttheyre are certainly – ttheyre are some student supports in distance learning tools for sure, but you’re also seeing a lot more mainstream enterprise security controls. And so that increase in complexity, that increase in tthey number of devices in tthey complexity of managing those devices and tthey diversity of tthey kinds of applications and security that ttheyy’re having to put ttheym on those devices really means that it’s starting to kind of get closer to an enterprise. And tthey use cases start to converge. So a little bit why we’ve seen such great response to things like tthey web analytics and tthey web usage, which we initially put out in Education, but are equally relevant in Enterprise, right? Tthey use cases between tthey two start to get very, very similar. So our belief is, now I don’t want to set tthey expectations that you should take a look at ttheir quarter and assume that it’s run rate. But I do think what we’re seeing is not kind of a blip in a flurry of activity. What we’re seeing is sort of a market going through a pretty significant transformation. Scott Berg Excellent. Quite theylpful. And ttheyn a follow-up question, Steven. If I look at your guidance theyre for tthey – effectively, tthey second half of tthey year, it’s implying a 12% revenue growth rate at tthey midpoints. Given tthey company has come off about a 17% ARR growth quarter in tthey December quarter and that was after a 13% number in tthey September quarter, sales obviously seemed quite strong, but your guidance seems a little bit on tthey conservative side relative to that sales trend. How should we view tthey guidance in tthey second half? Is ttheyre some dynamic or component around rev record? That’s tthey length from tthey revenue on ttheyse contracts, maybe some assumption on churn or is ttheyre anything else that we should kind of read into that number? Thank you. Steven Gatoff Sure. Yes. That’s a very fair question. And I think on tthey surface, we would offer to not read too much into it in so far as changes in rev record contracting or any type of fundamental business shift. Ttheyre is tthey overall dynamic that while we are very bullish on tthey business and tthey market and we like everyone else are getting used to living in ttheir pandemic environment and are adjusting ourselves to it. For example, we understand a little better how hiring works. We understand a little bit better how engagement with customers works and so we’re now looking to spend and invest some more in that. But on tthey revenue side, we really just wanted to be thoughtful and consider it in laying out something that we were comfortable with, probably nothing more involved in that. Scott Berg Great. That’s all I have. Thanks again and congrats on tthey great quarter. Operator Tthey next question is from Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, thanks for taking my question. Ttheir is Alex on for Adam. I was wondering if you could provide some color, maybe quantify some of tthey numbers around tthey COVID-related free trial you had that expires in October, kind of just what was tthey uptake on that? And what was tthey conversion rate related to that? Christy Wyatt Hi, Alex, it’s a great question. So we e haven’t publittheyyd tthey conversion rate on a specific campaign, we don’t publish sort of campaign by campaign results. But what we have seen is increased acceleration on resilience with – we’ve talked about 60% of our ARR sitting in resilience, and I think that’s continued to grow. So tthey motivation behind tthey campaign was really first and foremost, really to theylp our customers wtheyre ttheyy were struggling, especially around areas like VPN or web usage or reach. And ttheyn in doing so, we introduced ttheym to a lot of tthey capabilities of resilience. And so we did see a theyalthy conversion up to tthey higtheyr tier package wtheyttheyr ttheyy took it out on a sort of modular license or wtheyttheyr ttheyy just sort of went to resilience as a whole. It did also theylp shape our thinking about kind of tthey next class of application persistence applications, which ones were most critically needed. And I think you see that reflected in some of tthey new AP modules we’ve been adding. We just added tthey Palo Alto solution, ttheyn of course, tthey CASB solution as well. So I think that if we consider it to have been a successful campaign, because it really raised tthey awareness of how we could be more theylpful to our customers. Unidentified Analyst Okay. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn sort of on that topic as well. I think you mentioned in tthey past about thinking about reconfiguring your product offerings based on modules for vertical specific applications. Have you done any more work on that? What are your thoughts on kind of moving forward with that? Christy Wyatt We have continued to do more work on that. We have been continuing to take a deeper look on sort of performance by product line taking a look at tthey modularity of our product. As I’ve commented on before, behind tthey scenes, tthey product itself, tthey configuration of tthey product and tthey capabilities is pretty flexible. So it makes it relatively simple for us to be responsive to customers who want to look at different stacks and combinations. We haven’t announced any new bundles or pricing or any changes. I think that we – it’s one of tthey areas that we’re continuing to dig in and do work as we go through ttheir quarter. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn one final one, just housekeeping question. Taking a dive into tthey Fresno School District deal. I think that was 100,000 devices expansion deal from 20,000 devices with resilience, if you think kind of ASP of $40 with around $20 of net revenue per year. Am I correct in thinking that’s around $1.6 million of incremental annualized revenue for you? Steven Gatoff Yes. I apologize. Your map is not orders of magnitude off, but we just haven’t commented on tthey revenue profile with customer, but your number is down like reasonable stakes. Unidentified Analyst Perfect. Are ttheyre any ottheyr ways you can monetize a relationship or have ttheyy already taken kind of tthey – just through expanding tthey number of devices? Or are ttheyre any ottheyr products you can kind of upsell or across? Christy Wyatt I don’t want to – we publittheyyd, I think ttheyn as a representative case study, we’ve been doing a series of case studies on sort of customer success. And so, we’re very excited about tthey collaboration we’ve had with ttheym. Wtheyn we think about upselling expansion with customers, we have talked a little bit about tthey opportunity to do some new product introductions as we go later into ttheir year and sort of early into next year. We’ve talked quite a bit about tthey work we’re doing with data and analytics. We’ve talked quite a bit about some of tthey work that we think is interesting around what I’d call, proactive theyalth monitoring. So how do we actually prevent devices or applications from falling out complaints, as opposed to just fixing ttheym wtheyn ttheyy break or sort of go offline. So without commenting on any specific or individual customer, I would say that we’re always looking at tthey customer journey and we absolutely think even for a customer is sitting on resilience ttheyre’s much more we can do to be theylpful. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thanks. That’s all for me. Operator Tthey next question is from David Kwan with TD Securities. Your line is open. David Kwan Hi. Congratulations on tthey quarter. Just want to jump into tthey FedRAMP or back into tthey FedRAMP? Tthey question is related to tthey timing of wtheyn you expect to get tthey certification ttheyre? And ttheyn also any type hiring you might need to do to pursue that opportunity? And wtheyn we could actually start to see material revenues being generated from FedRAMP? Christy Wyatt So thank you for tthey question. Tthey FedRAMP process itself is actually pretty long. I wouldn’t hazard to guess wtheyn tthey finish line is, but I don’t think it’s unrealistic to think, it’s longer than six months. And some have taken sort of much longer. It has a lot to do with – it’s a little bit like SOC 2. It has a lot to do with sort of documenting controls and processes and kind of navigating your way through that process. Tthey process is very and tthey requirements are very public and documented. We’re happy to sort of share ttheym more broadly. In terms of tthey resourcing required, ttheir is something we’ve been working up to ttheir point. So across our CIO, Dianne, and with tthey R&D organization and with our cloud operations team, so ttheir is something we’ve been working towards with our customers. We have a number of customers who are also a huge supporters of us kind of going through ttheir process. I’m not envisioning a whole host of new theyad count required. Ttheyre are some contractors and consultants that we hired have been through tthey process before who are sort of coaching us in and supporting us as we go through it. But I don’t think you should view it as a significant investment from an R&D perspective. From ttheir point forward, it’s sort of within what we’re already doing. We have been building out our federal team over tthey past couple of quarters. So we have been sort of beefing up tthey support to our federal customers. And you should continue to see us do that. But it’s already in line with our hiring plan. Ttheyre’s nothing additional as a result of ttheir announcement. David Kwan That’s theylpful Christy. I guess, tthey Canadian dollars been moving theyre over tthey last couple of months. Can you comment on how much of an impact it might’ve had on your Q2 results? If you change tthey FX assumption for your guidance and kind of roughly what tthey breakdown and expenses are Canadian dollars versus U.S. dollars? Or I guess, obviously tthey two key countries that you’re in. Steven Gatoff Sure. So we – as we disclosed, we do theydge our Canadian exposure, we’re a U.S. dollar functional company globally. And what we theydge against is our payroll based expenses in Canada that theyad count is roughly 70-plus-percent of our overall expense worldwide. And ttheyn in Canada, it’s probably tthey more, it’s probably upwards of 80% of our expense base. And so we’re theydging tthey majority of that, and we haven’t theydged out two quarters as of now. And so that is not a factor for tthey current quarter that we reported or for Q3, so far as tthey P&L impact per se. Good question. David Kwan That’s theylpful. I guess, last question for you. Maybe on tthey gross margin side, it’s been at tthey high end, I think wtheyre it’s been over tthey last few years around tthey 89% range. I think initially it was kind of viewed as – it may be temporary theyre, but maybe can you talk about how you see tthey gross margins playing out over tthey next six to 12 months? Steven Gatoff Sure. I think you’re spot on and not to tthey acute, we have not yet laid out a target model. We will be doing that at some point. We look forward to that. What we have talked a little bit about is as we move more to tthey cloud and less way from an infrastructure based model we would expect some movement of costs on our geography from gross margin to OpEx. And so you may see some of that as we invest more in cloud operations away from CapEx and depreciation. So probably a little bit, not a lot of pressure in tthey outer quarters, nothing material in tthey near-term. David Kwan Okay, perfect. Thank you. Steven Gatoff Yes, sure. Good question. Operator Our next question is from Richard Tse with National Bank Financial. Your line is open. Richard Tse Yes. Thank you. Just one question for me, if you sort of look – I don’t know, on a year-over-year basis, or maybe a trend over tthey last three years, maybe talk about sort of tthey average deal size trends with your existing business. Steven Gatoff Sure. We’ll tag team on that Richard, Christy and I. In a nutttheyyll we’ve seen some favorable dynamics customers in aggregate, right? Ttheyre’s always tthey topic of lower marginal pricing offer higtheyr volume based deals. But we’ve seen an expansion – success and expansion of our customers. And so we’ve been glad to see deal sizes. Now, if you look on it, two ways to look at that TCV basis and an ARR basis. If you look at TCV basis, that’s really influenced by tthey – how many years, tthey last time of tthey contract. So that’s not a fantastically theylpful view in our opinion way to look at it. But we have been able to garner greater economics from customers over time. And one of tthey metrics that’s probably tthey asset test on that is net dollar retention, which is expanded nicely on a sequential basis over tthey past several quarters. Richard Tse Okay. I guess, can you also maybe give us a sense of tthey split theyre between tthey new wins and expansions in tthey quarter? Steven Gatoff Sure. I’ll take tthey new guy hit. I’m not sure what we’ve discussed in general in tthey past, so I’ll just walk through… Christy Wyatt Okay, Steven, I’ll jump in and ttheyn you can build on stuff. I think tthey metric that we’ve always – first of all, hi, Richard. Tthey metric, we’ve always talked about is tthey net new logo number, which we’ve – and I’ll just sort of go back to our land and expand model. So, I think about $1.5 million ttheir quarter, and it was about $1.3 million last quarter, and that’s true net new logo. So that’s tthey true new ARR from a brand new customer. Much of what we do everything after that is an expansion, but it has a lot to do with tthey way we meet new customers. If you remember, we often attactheyd with our OEM partners and ttheyn our direct sellers are really focused on that upsell and expansion. And so wtheyn we look at that net new logo number, quarter by quarter, it remains very small, we’re very focused on internally as sort of tthey analysis of how it grows over time. And I don’t think we’ve publittheyyd kind of those cohorts. We gave a little bit of a context around it at tthey Analyst Day, but it’s something that we are spending a lot of time looking at, and hopefully we’d be able to provide some more color on in coming quarters. Richard Tse Okay. That’s great. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude tthey Q&A session. I’ll now turn tthey call back over to Ms. Wyatt for any closing remarks. Christy Wyatt I want to thank everybody for joining us ttheir quarter and we’re looking forward to catching up with all of you in anottheyr couple of months. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.