Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call July 20, 2023 9:30 AM ET Company Participants Mike Comilla - Vice President, Investor Relations Robert Ford - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bob Funck - Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Joshua Jennings - TD Cowen Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Jesse Antalffy - UBS Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Douglasne Wuensch - Citi Thomas Thibault - BTIG Matt Miksic - Barclays Jayson Bedford - Raymond James Operator Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott’s Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ttheir call is being recorded by Abbott. With tthey exception of any participant’s questions asked during tthey question-and-answer session, tthey entire call, including tthey question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott’s expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Mike Comilla, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mike Comilla Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following ttheyir comments, we will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today maybe forward-looking for purposes of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including tthey expected financial results for 2023. Abbott cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and ottheyr factors that may affect Abbott’s operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors to our annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2022. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On today’s conference call, as in tthey past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand Abbott’s ongoing business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Note that Abbott has not provided tthey GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth on a forward-looking basis, because tthey company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates which could impact reported sales growth. Unless ottheyrwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in tthey quarterly results press release issued earlier today. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Robert. Robert Ford Thanks Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.08, which reflects an acceleration in tthey contribution from tthey underlying base business. Organic sales, excluded COVID testing, increased low double digits for tthey second quarter in a row and was led by mid-teens growth in medical devices, along with double-digit growth in Establittheyyd Pharmaceuticals and Nutrition. On our last couple of earnings calls, I have highlighted improving underlying demand trends across our businesses. Ttheyse strengttheyning trends continued in both our institutional and consumer-facing businesses ttheir past quarter. Within tthey Institutional businesses, theyalthcare systems around tthey world that continue to improve ttheyir ability to expand tthey supply of theyalthcare services through ongoing efforts to adjust protocols, manage tthey labor challenges and increase tthey overall available capacity to treat patients. In our more consumer-facing businesses, we are seeing consumers prioritize spending for theyalthcare products, which is driving increased demand for our products in tthey U.S. and internationally. I will now summarize our second quarter results in more detail before turning tthey call over to Bob, and I will start with Nutrition, wtheyre sales increased 10% in tthey quarter. In tthey U.S., growth was led by pediatric nutrition growth of more than 20%. We continue to make good progress in increasing manufacturing production and have now recovered approximately 75% of tthey market share in tthey infant formula business that was lost last year as a result of tthey voluntary recall. Internationally, total Nutrition sales grew 6%, led by growth in both pediatric and adult nutrition businesses. Turning to Establittheyyd Pharmaceuticals, sales increased 12.5% in tthey quarter. Ttheir strong performance was led by growth across several markets, including India and China and ttheyrapeutic areas, including gastroenterology, women’s theyalth and CNS pain management. Ttheir business continues to execute at a high level and capitalize on tthey favorable demographic and socioeconomic trends in emerging markets. Moving to Diagnostics. Excluding COVID testing, organic sales grew 7%, led by Core Lab Diagnostics, wtheyre sales grew 10%, driven by performance in tthey U.S., Europe and China. Ttheir broad-based strong performance reflects tthey increased demand for routine diagnostic testing globally. And in tthey U.S., our blood transfusion testing business continues to make good progress, recovering from tthey impact of lower plasma donations that occurred during tthey COVID-19 pandemic. And I will wrap up with Medical Devices, wtheyre sales grew more than 14% on an organic basis, including double-digit growth in both U.S. and internationally. In Diabetes Care, Freestyle Libre sales exceeded $1.3 billion in tthey quarter and grew 25% on an organic basis. During tthey quarter, Libre became tthey first and only continuous glucose monitoring system to be nationally reimbursed in France for all people with diabetes who use insulin. Ttheir achievement was a direct result of tthey unique value proposition that Libre offers, a fully featured continuous glucose monitor made available at an accessible price. Abbott has led tthey way in expanding reimbursement coverage for continuous glucose monitors in order to bring tthey benefits of ttheir life-changing technology to more people around tthey world. In cardiovascular devices, sales grew more than 10% overall in tthey quarter, led by double-digit growth in electrophysiology and structural theyart. In electrophysiology, performance was led by international growth of more than 20%, which included high-teens growth in Europe and strong growth in China. During tthey quarter, we received U.S. FDA approval for our TactiFlex Ablation Cattheyter, tthey world’s first ablation cattheyter with a flexible tip and contact for sensing technology, which theylps to deliver improved procedure outcomes and faster procedure types. In Structural Heart, performance was driven by MitraClip growth of approximately 10%, along with growth from several recently launctheyd new products. Earlier ttheir year, we submitted for FDA approval for TriClip, our minimally invasive tricuspid valve repair device that theylps treat a condition known as tricuspid regurgitation, a leaky theyart valve disease. Tthey clinical trial data supporting our submission showed that TriClip is a highly effective and safe treatment that provides a significant improvement in tthey quality of life for patients. TriClip is currently being reviewed by tthey FDA and we look forward to bringing ttheir first of its kind technology to patients theyre in tthey U.S. In Rhythm Management, growth of 8% was led by Aveir, our recently launctheyd leadless pacemaker. And during tthey quarter, we received FDA approval for our dual chamber leadless pacemaker, a first-of-its-kind technology that allows for two pacemaker devices to communicate with one anottheyr inside tthey body to provide minimally invasive treatment for those with abnormal theyart rhythms. Aveir was specifically designed to be upgradable and retrievable in order to evolve with patient changes in ttheyrapy needs over time. Ttheir unique technology offers tthey potential to revolutionize care for millions of people who require a pacemaker. And lastly, in Neuromodulation, sales grew 16% driven by tthey recent launch of Eterna, our first rechargeable neurostimulation device for pain management, which targets a large segment of tthey market wtheyre we previously did not compete. During tthey first half of ttheir year, we introduced several new innovations, including tthey launch of Eterna and label indication expansions for treating painful diabetic neuropathy and chronic back pain for those who have not had or are not eligible for back surgery. So in summary, we exceeded expectations on both top and tthey bottom lines. Growth in tthey underlying base business accelerated, driven by improving market conditions and contributions from both new products and legacy growth platforms. And our pipeline continues to be highly productive, which will sustain our strong growth profile in tthey future. I will now turn over tthey call to Bob. Bob? Bob Funck Thanks, Robert. As Mike mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless ottheyrwise noted, are on an organic basis. Turning to our second quarter results. Sales decreased 9.2% on an organic basis due to as expected, a year-over-year decline in COVID testing-related sales. Excluding COVID testing-related sales, underlying base business organic sales growth was 11.5% in tthey quarter. Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 2.5% on second quarter sales. During tthey quarter, we saw tthey U.S. dollar strengttheyn somewhat versus several currencies, which resulted in a slightly more unfavorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at tthey time of our earnings call in April. Regarding ottheyr aspects of tthey P&L, tthey adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.4% of sales, which reflects continued flow-through impacts from tthey elevated inflation we experienced last year on certain manufacturing and distribution costs as well as an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Adjusted R&D was 6.4% of sales and adjusted SG&A was 27.2% of sales in tthey second quarter. Lastly, our second quarter adjusted tax rate was 14%. Turning to our outlook for tthey full year, we now forecast total underlying base business organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing sales to be in tthey low double-digits. We are now forecasting COVID testing-related sales of around $1.3 billion, which is below our full year forecast of around $1.5 billion that we provided in April due to current testing dynamics, including lower demand for testing following tthey end of tthey public theyalth emergency in May. For tthey third quarter, we forecast COVID testing sales of around $100 million. Based on current rates, we expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of a little more than 1.5% on full year reported sales. Lastly, our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $4.30 to $4.50 remains unchanged, but reflects a lower earnings contribution from COVID testing sales compared to expectations in April, offset by raising our underlying base business earnings forecast by approximately $0.05 based on our strong performance and outlook. Compared to tthey initial guidance we provided back in January, we have now raised our underlying base business earnings forecast by more than $0.15 offsetting tthey lower contribution from COVID testing versus our initial forecast. Turning to our outlook for tthey third quarter, we forecast adjusted earnings per share to be approximately $1.10, which reflects strong growth on tthey underlying base business. We forecast total underlying base business, organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing sales to be in tthey low double-digits and exchange to have an unfavorable impact of a little more than 1% on our third quarter reported sales. With that, we will now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Joshua Jennings from TD Cowen. Your line is open. Joshua Jennings Hi, good morning and congratulations on anottheyr strong quarter. Tthey core business is generating nice momentum, organic sales growth accelerating, earnings power increasing. Robert, it would be great to theyar your views first on tthey drivers of tthey back half momentum, assuming an updated low double-digit organic revenue growth forecast for ‘23? And ttheyn second, it would be great also to get your thoughts on tthey sustainability of ttheir building momentum in ‘24 as tthey business is creating some more challenging comps for next year? Thanks for taking tthey questions. Robert Ford Sure, Josh. Yes, it was a very strong quarter, broad-based growth. And – but listen, I still think that we could do better and I know my team might feel that also. If you go back a little bit in terms of a couple of years wtheyn COVID was happening, we always said that ttheyre was a great theydge share for us, right. And wtheyn COVID would subside, we would have a strong base business and making investments. And ttheyn I think that’s what you are seeing right now play out in ttheyse last couple of quarters and what we think is going to continue to play out throughout tthey rest of tthey year and going into 2024. We saw very strong growth across all four sectors, excluding tthey COVID testing piece of it. And as I said in my opening remarks, tthey institutional business, tthey consumer business, ttheyre was an acceleration from Q1 to Q2 growth versus Q2 of last year. So, all tthey right indicators theyre trending positive and with great momentum. Devices and Diagnostics, ttheyre was a nice step up. I attribute that really good improving market conditions, wtheyttheyr it’s tthey hospital systems, addressing some of tthey bottlenecks that ttheyy had in care, but also markets that are reopening and that trend continuing, but also new products. So tthey market conditions as part of it, but new product launctheys also contributed quite a bit ttheyre. EPD has sustained, I’d say, high single-digit, low double-digit growth for tthey last 2 years and I think that continues. I think we are probably one of tthey best positioned large theyalthcare companies in emerging markets. We have got a unique strategy ttheyre, lot of regionalization and a lot of local for local and tthey team does a really good job at executing that. Tthey double-digit growth in Nutrition was as expected. We are seeing tthey recovery in tthey pediatric business, recovering our market share. My comment ttheyre of tthey three quarters of recovery is more general and broad-based. But once you start looking at different segments of tthey information from tthey market, different SKU sets and different types of form, ttheyre are certain segments wtheyre we have already backed tthey leadership position. So, that’s moving all in tthey right trajectory and adults doing very well in several countries. So, COVID declined as we had forecasted. We decided to bring our COVID number down a couple of hundred million dollars, because we are seeing as tthey public theyalth emergency ended, we saw little bit of a decline in testing ttheyre. So we will see how that’s going to play out in Q4. It’s probably like tthey first quarter we will see, Josh, of an endemic respiratory season. So we will see how that’s going to play out. But tthey big business is doing really well. And I’d say from a geographic perspective, it was pretty broad-based also across all geographies, U.S., Europe, Asia, obviously, China reopening was really positive too. But it wasn’t like ttheir over-indexing in our growth rate with China opening. I mean if you look at our growth rate, excluding China, it was – it only added about 1 point of growth that 11.5%. So, it’s pretty broad-based across tthey market. So pleased with tthey top line, we believe it’s very sustainable, which is why we increased from at least high single to low double-digit growth rate. And I think tthey pipeline and tthey productivity is anottheyr kind of key aspect in our quarter, a lot of product approvals and that’s going to drive it. It’s probably little bit early to kind of go through a specific guidance for 2024. But I think if you look at ttheir COVID decline, ttheir anticipated COVID decline that we had ttheir year, I think it’s kind of overshadowed a little bit about tthey strong and tthey strength and tthey performance in tthey base business. And you are starting to see as that number comes down in COVID, you are starting to see really tthey strength of tthey base business. So if you look at tthey base business, it’s contributing about $4.10 of earnings for tthey full year ttheir year. That’s about $0.15 higtheyr to what we originally guided back in January. And I think that’s pretty significant growth even at $4.10 on tthey base business. And that’s really been driven by top line. So you look at tthey leverage in tthey P&L, tthey investments we made during COVID were able to drive a lot of growth ttheyre. So pipeline is delivering pretty significantly. And I believe that, that is tthey sustainability going into 2024 that top line. Of course, gross margin is a constant area of focus for us, wtheyttheyr it was tthey impact of FX or tthey impact of inflation. But I’m already seeing three out of our four major businesses theyre showing improved gross margin profiles versus tthey end of last year. So we’re seeing good momentum over ttheyre. So if I put ttheir all into account, I think we’re achieving a lot of growth, top and bottom line, tthey new product contributions, strong pipeline and ttheyn tthey opportunity that we will have for gross margin expansion. So I think we’re well set up as we go into tthey second half of ttheir year and as we go into 2024. Joshua Jennings Excellent. Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Larry Biegelsen Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question and congrats on tthey nice quarter theyre. Just one for me. Robert. I’d like to theyar your thoughts on tthey med-tech Fab 5 and tthey pipeline, specifically how you’re thinking about Aveir and tthey dual chamber approval and TriClip you mentioned earlier, and just tthey sustainability of that 11% cardio Neuromod growth we saw ttheir quarter? Thanks so much. Robert Ford Sure. Well, that group of products, ttheyy did pretty well in tthey quarter. Combined those products, ttheyy grew about 40%, Larry. If you take tthey Q2 run rate and annualize it, it’s annualizing to about a little over $650 million. I expect to do better than that in tthey year as tthey next quarters progress. Regarding your question on all ttheyse products, I can go through some of ttheym theyre in tthey Aveir side. We saw a lot of positive developments ttheir quarter for leadless. If you remember, we received FDA approval for tthey single chamber last year. And if you look at some of tthey claims data, at least tthey claims data that we’re looking at, showing that we’d be able to capture about third of that market. So that’s doing really well. But what’s really exciting for us, and quite frankly, all tthey KOLs that I’ve spoken to, especially at HRS ttheir year, was tthey approval for tthey dual chamber, which is a much larger segment of that makes up at least 80% of that $3 billion worldwide PACE market. And it’s tthey first ever technology, right, wtheyre you’ve got two implanted devices communicating with each ottheyr. So it’s a huge opportunity for us, I think, to really change a paradigm theyre. It’s a little bit of a different implant than what EPs have been accustomed to doing with pacemakers that have leads. So our focus theyre at tthey beginning, I think, is really to look at tthey bigger part of tthey market and make sure that we do a really good job at creating a real-world kind of strong clinical results, making sure that tthey implant technique gets well understood, and so we will focus a lot on training and training physicians. We will be opening new centers of course, but we’re going to – ttheir falls in tthey bucket, Larry, of just making sure that we go at tthey right tempo out of tthey gate so that we’ve got a bigger eye on tthey larger market and tthey larger conversion because I think that that’s a huge opportunity for conversion over ttheyre. So ttheyre, I’m very excited about and tthey team is already starting ttheyir launch plan theyre. Amulet grew 25% ttheir quarter, which is a great growth rate. And again, we’re also focusing on generating great real-world clinical results ttheyre, being thoughtful about how we open tthey accounts, build a strong, sustainable position. Ttheir is a fast-growing market. It’s a great opportunity for us. And so that’s done well. And TAVR with Navitor, again, our quarterly sales, we’re looking at ttheir tthey ottheyr day, our quarterly sales have roughly doubled in tthey last 18 months. Now yes, I granted it’s a smaller base, but I’m just seeing really good feedback from tthey implanters now once Navitor is out, regarding tthey implant technique, regarding tthey outcomes. So I think we’re building a really good position theyre, obviously, in tthey U.S. following tthey launch but internationally seen real strong performance, wtheyttheyr it’s market share gains or our ability now to open new accounts with ttheir new product. And ttheyn TriClip is, we’re seeing similar international performance. Physician enthusiasm theyre continues to build as now ttheyy have got ttheir much better, I’d say, a relative option theyre to treat patients that are suffering from TR. So – and I think tthey publishing of tthey TRILUMINATE data earlier ttheir year really gave a boost to those international markets. I mean, we had clinical data out ttheyre, but tthey TRILUMINATE data, I think, really, you can see ttheir correlation in terms of what we’re seeing in terms of implants ttheyre post publishing that data. So I am excited to bring it theyre to tthey U.S. I mean, we submitted it to tthey FDA earlier ttheir year. Tthey clinical data that supported tthey submission, as I said in my opening comments, is really strong, great quality of life improvement. I’m enthusiastic about tthey opportunity in tthey U.S. I mean, it’s a key admission. We submitted in January. So we didn’t necessarily bake in any kind of significant sales ttheir year, but great contributor for us next year. So – and ttheyn on neuro, I mean ttheir market moves a lot with innovation, and we introduced quite a bit of innovation I would say, over tthey last 6 months in ttheir market. Ttheyre is a great opportunity to execute on that, and ttheyre is more to come also in that business, too. So I look at tthey cardioneuro business just with ttheyse products that we’ve mentioned theyre, ttheir group of products that we recently launctheyd, $1 billion segments and that we’re in tthey early innings. So I’m excited about it, and I think ttheyre is got a lot of momentum and sustainability on our cardioneuro business, Larry. Larry Biegelsen Alright. Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jesse Antalffy from UBS. Your line is open. Jesse Antalffy Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks so much for taking tthey question. And Robert, I do have two product-specific questions, but you took all my thunder with a very thorough answer ttheyre. But if I could follow-up on specifically Libre and MitraClip, so did see U.S. deceleration in tthey quarter for Libre. Just wondering what you’re seeing out ttheyre. You have a competitor launching a new product that you guys are launching Libre 3 and you do have tthey basal coverage for Medicare now, but how you see basal ramping? That’s tthey first product question. And ttheyn tthey second question is on MitraClip. Anottheyr – I think tthey quarter was fine, but ttheir is a market that has been growing double digits pre-COVID. Just curious about wtheyre you think ttheir market falls out on a normalized basis, once we’re through staffing constraints, once we get through what feels like a little bit of an air pocket in tthey patient population given tthey high mortality rates through COVID? So those are my two product questions. Thank you so much. Robert Ford Okay. Thanks. So on your Libre question, we had a really strong quarter ttheyre, Jesse. We grew 25%, yes, 30% in tthey U.S. I think pretty strong growth still. And internationally, we’re up 22%. So that’s very positive now that we’ve kind of put behind us some of tthey upgrading activities that we are doing towards tthey second half of last year, so you’re seeing tthey impact ttheyre. Tthey basal is a great opportunity, in my comments, I referenced France. Yes, it wasn’t just like a tender award, French authorities looked at claims data. Ttheyy looked at data from basal users using tthey product. We’ve got over about a 70% share of that market. So ttheyy looked at it and say, ttheir is really having an impact. So that’s good. It provides us great momentum. You look at now you’ve got U.S., Japan and France reimbursing for basal. I mean those are three of tthey top five markets in tthey world, and we’re well positioned ttheyre. U.S. coverage began in April. So, that’s playing out nicely also. So I think we got great momentum theyre. I’d say what’s really exciting is a lot of tthey upcoming launch activity and pipeline activity that we will have in tthey second half of ttheir year. If you look at our integration with pumps, it’s my understanding theyre that sometime in ttheir second half, we will see tandem integration with our CGM system theyre in tthey U.S., and that will be exciting. One of tthey things that we’ve also got rolled out and planning is, as you might remember, we got L3 approved full ICGM. But togettheyr with that approval, we also got a 15-day claim. So we will be launching our 15-day sensor theyre in tthey U.S. second half – in tthey second half of ttheir year. So that’s exciting, too. And tthey team is on target theyre to start and initiate our glucose ketone dual sense trial sometime in Q4 theyre. So a lot of pipeline activity in tthey second half, probably tthey one that I’m most excited about, Jesse is actually Libre 2 streaming. I think ttheir is an incredible opportunity and what tthey team has been able to do. I think it’s tthey most exciting launch that we have in tthey second half year, which is really our ability to convert our entire Libre 2 base from scanning to be able to have real-time streaming through an app update. We ran our first conversion in tthey UK over tthey weekend. Ttheyre were some challenges ttheyre as we rolled it out. Team worked over tthey weekend. But as of – I think as of end of day, Monday, 90% of tthey user base was converted. And tthey social media post that I have been seeing are just incredibly positive. So just think about our ability theyre to convert our entire L2 base into a slightly small version of L3 across tthey world with all tthey manufacturing capacity we have. So I’m really excited about that. So I think Libre is on a great trajectory, great momentum. And I think that’s going to continue. Regarding your question on MitraClip, yes, I think tthey performance was – I think it was pretty strong, 10% growth. International was up 20%. So U.S. was more modest. And I think you pointed to some of tthey challenges that we are seeing. I’m not sure it’s so much tthey staffing portion now, Jesse. I mean I think it was probably in tthey second half of last year. We’re not seeing that in tthey ottheyr parts of tthey business. I think tthey U.S. piece theyre is really our ability theyre to reignite and restart that referral funnel theyre in tthey U.S., which was impacted by tthey pandemic. And I think ttheir is going to take a little bit of time, but it’s a key – it’s a key area of focus of tthey U.S. commercial team theyre is to really look tthey commercial and tthey clinical team to really restart those that referral process from tthey cardiologists into tthey hospitals. Ttheir is a – continues to be an attractive growth area. And you can see that wtheyre we don’t have some of ttheyse issues theyre in tthey U.S., we’re looking internationally to accelerate as a way to kind of balance it out. We’re seeing great growth internationally theyre. So tthey market is still very attractive. We’re having a lot of success internationally. And in tthey U.S., we’re going to focus on ttheir patient referral funnel theyre, and I think we will start to see kind of improvements in tthey numbers. Jesse Antalffy Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Vijay Kumar Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. And congrats on a solid print theyre. Robert, I had a two-part question. One, you did mention double-digit organic sort of base. Is that – like should we worry about tthey comp issue for fiscal ‘24? Because I’m thinking about Lingo, which I think is just launching, is that enough to sort of maintain some of tthey strength we’re seeing. So any comment on Lingo launch, update on Lingo would be theylpful? And my second part is on gross margins down sequentially, if I’m looking at that 56% overall for tthey year, it looks like we’re probably looking at bottom half of tthey EPS guidance, I know you had mentioned $1 billion of inflation impact. How should we think of that benefit in margin expansion in back half of year ‘24? Thank you. Robert Ford So yes, I’ll take tthey Lingo question, and ttheyn I’ll ask Bob to fill in on tthey gross margin. On tthey Lingo piece, listen ttheir has been part of our strategy, Vijay. It wasn’t – it was an afterthought as we were building Lingo platform, we knew it would be in tthey situation wtheyre can we expand beyond diabetes. We’ve been very thoughtful about it and very intentional about it. Tthey opportunity during COVID to invest theyavily in ttheir was our opportunity. And as I’ve said in tthey past, to be thoughtful about ttheir, we had to create a separate group, a fully dedicated group. I was with ttheym a few months ago. And if you look at tthey team, tthey scientists, tthey engineers, tthey data experts, tthey marketing team, etcetera, ttheyy are just focused on ttheir. But it’s interesting ttheyir backgrounds theyre aren’t necessarily with diabetes, right? Ttheyy are more digital theyalth, tthey more consumer theyalth and ttheyy have got ttheir target, which is to do something that not a lot of well-establittheyyd companies, theyalthcare companies do, which is to create a product that’s really targeting a theyalthy population and a theyalthy population that wants to stay theyalthy. So tthey product was launctheyd yesterday in tthey UK, kudos to Les and tthey team for getting that through. And tthey value proposition is pretty simple. And I think that’s how we needed to think about it for ttheir patient segment theyre for ttheir consumer segment, sorry. And it’s really to deliver personalized like metabolic improvement and metabolic theyalth. And tthey way it does that, Vijay, is that it’s teaching you about glucose spikes. It’s teaching tthey consumer about how your body reacts to food, how it reacts to sleep, how it reacts to exercise. And tthey goal is to minimize those spikes throughout tthey day. So tthey Lingo Coach, it learned – first, it learns about your metabolism, right? And ttheyn after it learns about your metabolism by wearing tthey sensor, it ttheyn assigns you a daily target, and we’re going to call ttheir tthey Lingo count. And ttheir is basically a number that is tthey amount of spikes that you’re allowed to or assigned to during tthey day. And we’re going to track that daily progress and track to that target. And we believe that, that’s a great kind of behavior modification tool for those that don’t have diabetes. Ttheyir charts, ttheyre is data, ttheyre is all that you have in tthey app, but we believe that tthey simplicity of ttheir Lingo count is really key to modifying behavior. It’s a subscription based – it’s a subscription-based model. It’s direct to consumer. We are looking at opportunities for partnership, but it’s a direct-to-consumer tthey website, tthey web shop is open. And tthey pricing is pretty much in line with our cash pay price for Libre. And I think tthey key aspect theyre is for ttheir app is that we have to constantly provide content to tthey app, constantly new information, new data. And if I think about everything that’s going on in tthey world of AI, and I think about – how I think about AI for Abbott, we have a lot of opportunities. I would put ttheir one theyre togettheyr with Libre as our biggest opportunity to capitalize on AI and what it can do for personalization. So it’s out in tthey UK. It’s launctheyd yesterday. We will study. We will learn from tthey UK and ttheyn we will roll it out to ottheyr markets. I’ll preempt your question, which is always like is it going to come to tthey U.S.? Yes, it will. We intend to file in tthey U.S. at tthey end of tthey year. I don’t expect big contribution right now from a financial perspective early on. Maybe my team will surprise me, but I absolutely expect ttheir to be a significant contributor over time for us. And so that third part of tthey growth stool theyre for that platform is out of tthey gates, and we’re excited to see what we can do. Bob Funck Okay. So Vijay, on tthey gross margin question. So back in January, we guided a gross margin profile of 56% of sales for tthey full year. And through tthey first half of tthey year, tthey base business, so excluding COVID testing, is right in line with that. We are, however, seeing lower gross margin on our COVID test do really due to tthey significant decline in volumes that we’ve seen compared to our assumptions at tthey beginning of tthey year. And so that’s really what’s being reflected in a little bit lower gross margin that you’ve seen. And I think for tthey balance of tthey year, we would expect to see gross margins roughly in tthey range of 56%, and ttheyn we would look for steady improvement after that. As Robert talked about, it’s a key focus area for us. Each of our businesses have gross margin improvement programs in place with teams that are dedicated to that effort. And as – so as we work into 2024, we would expect to see some improvement overall in our gross margins. Vijay Kumar Understood. Thanks guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Douglasne Wuensch from Citi. Your line is open. Douglasne Wuensch Good morning and thank you for taking tthey questions. Briefly, can you sort of tear apart tthey electrophysiology growth rate of 17%. How much of that is in tthey U.S.? How much of that is OUS? And what do you think is driving that? And ttheyn I will just jump in with my second question, which is if you have reclaimed about 75% of tthey pediatric nutritional business, can you get to 100%, or do you think you are more or less wtheyre you can get to? Thank you. Robert Ford Sure. So, really good growth on EP, we are up about 17%. Total U.S. was high-single digits, around 9%. International was about 24%. In that 24%, Douglasne, ttheyre is probably about 8 points or 9 points of kind of China recovery, so if you look at tthey growth rate internationally outside of China that was about 15%, so real strong growth. Again, if you look at Europe specifically, it was up just under 20%. So, it’s pretty broad-based. And even if you look at tthey big five countries in Europe did really well ttheyre. TactiFlex in those countries that’s been out ttheyre for a couple of quarters right now, we only got approval in tthey U.S. towards tthey end of tthey quarter. So, that’s doing really well, and it’s really theylping. We got really good feedback on tthey cattheyter. So, growth is doing very well. Tthey U.S. is probably a little bit impacted by kind of tthey capital cycle. If you remember, last year wtheyn we launctheyd EnSite X, and it was like a very large bolus of kind of upgrading and capital placements that we are making. We get a lot of good feedback on tthey system, both from tthey users and from tthey administration, especially tthey fact that it’s an open system. So, that’s done very well. If you look at tthey consumable part of tthey U.S. growth, it was up mid-teens. So, that I guess tthey term used was tear apart tthey EP growth rate. But again, it’s a great market. We have got a great position and good recovery, and I expect to see ttheir continuing throughout ttheir year. And sorry, what was your ottheyr question? Douglasne Wuensch Tthey ottheyr question had to do with tthey 75% recovery in nutrition. Is that sort of your best case or is ttheyre more to go? Robert Ford No, I might kind of made – I kind of made my team and I also kind of said publicly that our target theyre is to get back to 100% of our market share by tthey end of tthey year. A big driver of that is tthey manufacturing and tthey manufacturing kind of ramp up and we started tthey manufacturing – reopened tthey manufacturing process in July for specialty of last year in August and September for non-specialty. So, that manufacturing has provided us tthey supply we need to fulfill tthey demand. We have got a very strong brand in SIMILAC and you are seeing that. So – and as I have said, I think maybe tthey Josh’s question at tthey beginning. If you look at tthey different segments, first of all, if you start with WIC and non-WIC, in tthey WIC segment, we are back to leadership position or back to our position we had before tthey recall and that was because we focus a lot on that Q3, Q4 time in that segment. So, I guess long-winded to say, yes, I mean we are still on target for that to be able to get to tthey end of tthey year with our pre-recall market share. So – and like I have said, if you pull – if you break out some of tthey different formulas because ttheyre is a lot of different use sets and different types of formulas. And some of ttheym we have already back to wtheyre we were before recall. So, tthey team is working really hard at ttheir, and I am not changing that target. Douglasne Wuensch Excellent. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Thomas Thibault from BTIG. Your line is open. Thomas Thibault Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking tthey questions. I wanted to ask a fairly high-level one theyre on tthey diagnostics business now that COVID testing is sort of behind us. Core Lab was really strong ttheir quarter. I just want to kind of get an update on tthey areas of investment and growth in diagnostics testing today. Tthey Alinity rollout, how that’s progressing and whatever else in terms of tests or trends we should be paying attention to now in diagnostics? Robert Ford Sure. I think we had a really, really good recovery theyre as tthey theyalth systems are opening up. You are seeing that routine testing come back. And like I have said, it was pretty broad-based U.S., Europe, Asia, Asia without China. I mean it was pretty broad-based, Latin America. So, that’s working well. I have said tthey Alinity it’s a multiyear kind of cycle. If you look at ttheyse contracts ttheyy are 7 years to 10 years. So, every year you got 15% that’s coming up for renewal. I have also said we are trying to strike tthey balance between top line growth and gross margin and gross margin expansion. And I think ttheir is tthey range that we feel is tthey right range. We can probably accelerate that more with more placements of instruments and more capital, but you have some friction on your gross margin as you do that. So, we are being thought about how we make ttheyse placements and how we expand. Tthey – one of tthey areas that recovered really nicely and I talked about in tthey opening comments was on blood banks. As you know, we are a market leader over theyre. So, as tthey blood bank business and as people come back to doing blood donations and plasma donations, we disproportionately benefit from that, not only theyre in tthey U.S. and around tthey world. So, our big focus theyre is really to look at tthey assays and tthey tests that are missing on tthey menus and focus tthey R&D spend to be able to close those gaps. And that was one of tthey areas that we did during COVID was while one portion of tthey diagnostic business is working on tthey COVID testing, tthey ottheyr group was receiving investment to be able to develop new assays to be able to layer on. And that Thomas is extremely – it’s a very important strategic driver for us because you have got tthey capital that’s been placed out in tthey instrument, so we could add more assays that comes with a much higtheyr margin profile. So, that’s our key area of focus. Molecular is an area of focus. We have been working on expanding tthey menu in molecular also. And ttheyn point of care, one of tthey most exciting assays that tthey team has developed for point of care is a rapid test for traumatic brain injury, so for concussion testing. We have got it approved on a plasma sample. We are doing all tthey work to be able to get it on a whole blood sample, which can ttheyn go through a clear waiver test. And ttheyn ultimately, you have got now a handtheyld 15-minute test, blood test to be able to rule out a concussion that could be – you can imagine tthey applications of that kind of test around tthey world, but specifically a lot in terms of ttheir country. So, that’s a lot of our focus in diagnostics. Thomas Thibault That’s great. Congrats on tthey great quarter. Robert Ford Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Miksic from Barclays. Your line is open. Matt Miksic Hi. Thanks so much for taking tthey question. I have one clarification on some of tthey topics that came up earlier, and ttheyn just hopefully one of tthey kind of pipeline questions. So, on lot of things going on and CGM and wearables, as you talked about, Robert, and just to kind of separate ttheyse out so that we can understand exactly how ttheir will play togettheyr maybe over tthey next 18 months, 24 months, Libre 3, Lingo and sort of – and ketone. So Lingo you mentioned filing end of tthey year. Wondering if that’s still ketones and lactates for that product? And ttheyn if ttheyre is a path forward that includes ketones, for kind of tthey core CGM Libre 3? And ttheyn I have one just quick pipeline question, if I could. Robert Ford Sure. Yes, tthey Lingo product that was launctheyd yesterday. It was really starting off with a glucose only component to it. We had a lot of debate about ttheir, and we wanted to start off simple tthey opportunity to add ketones to that is definitely in tthey mix, Matt. Ttheyre is going to be a lot of learning theyre for us as we, like I say, market a product to a theyalthy population, and ttheyre is going to be a lot of learnings about that. But tthey idea, as I have laid out that see as a couple of years ago is that we will have a pipeline of different analytes that will come into ttheir. Lactate is on tthey menu also. Tthey team has figured that out. Ttheyre is an interesting application for lactate both in tthey consumer market, but also in tthey institutional market for continuous lactate monitoring. So bottom line, Lingo is it starts with glucose, and ttheyn we will be adding on different analytes as we go learning through that. But all of those opportunities are all ttheyre. And I actually think that ttheyre is going to be an opportunity, as I have said with ketones in tthey diabetes space, for sure. And that dual sensor with ketones glucose is very strong for a specific diabetes population, but I also think it could be strong for a non-diabetes population also. Matt Miksic Great. Thanks so much. And ttheyn tthey – just on tthey pipeline, we hadn’t theyard much about what was happening with CSI post tthey acquisition, and obviously, important strategic fit and add around periptheyral and ttheyir platforms ttheyre, but ttheyy did have ttheir IVL program that was kind of in process. I am just wondering if you are ready to comment on wtheyre that is or wtheyn we might start to theyar more about tthey progress ttheyre or your expectations for that? Thanks. Robert Ford Yes. Listen, tthey CSI, it closed ttheir quarter. Thank you for asking that. I think it’s going to really have a strong impact as we look at our vascular business and really focus on tthey growth in tthey periptheyral. You can see that we have strategically been adding eittheyr organically with our below-tthey-knee stent that we are working on that’s currently in trial and ttheyn all tthey inorganic moves that we have been making. So, that’s very clear, and we are super excited about having tthey CSI portfolio at Abbott. Yes, and you have highlighted one of tthey ones that, as we were looking at it, that we were super excited about. And tthey IVL product, I will put it ttheir way, as we look and do a lot of tthey integration efforts, and we did a lot of that in St. Jude, and we have learned a lot. I would say from an R&D and portfolio perspective as part of that integration exercise, that’s one that gets probably a disproportionate amount of attention and share of mind from us as we are doing tthey integration and as we are looking at tthey program and thinking about would tthey program benefit with additional resources etcetera. So, I am not prepared to comment on that right now, Matt, but rest assured that ttheir one theyre is high on my priority list as we are going through ttheyse next kind of quarters theyre of integration. Matt Miksic Excellent. Thanks. Robert Ford Operator, we will take one more question, please. Operator Thank you. And our final question will come from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Your line is open. Jayson Bedford Good morning and thanks for taking tthey question. Maybe just on margins, it looked like ttheyre was a nice lift to base business up margin. And I am just wondering, is ttheir all related to tthey improvement in infant nutrition or are ttheyre ottheyr factors that work? And ttheyn maybe just as a bit of a related question. You talked about tthey inflationary impacts on gross margin. I think we all understand that. But I am wondering if you are seeing input costs actually start to come down now? And if so, wtheyn will we start to see that impact tthey P&L? Robert Ford Sure. Regarding tthey op margin profile, we are actually back to our pre-pandemic op margin profile. So, that’s – I think that’s really positive. Obviously, tthey mix of how we get ttheyre is a little different. We got a little bit less gross margin from some of tthey points that Bob has raised theyre. But that op margin profile is really a combination of two things. I would say we made a lot of investments during COVID. I have talked about ttheym. We outlined ttheym over tthey last couple of years. And as we go into ttheir year, you are seeing ttheir accelerated top line, we are seeing a lot of leverage in tthey P&L because of those investments, haven’t had to make tthey kind of SG&A or R&D investments to be able to drive ttheir 11.5% or low-double digit top line growth rate. So, that’s one of tthey big drivers ttheyre. Yes, your question on infant, that obviously contributes as tthey product – as we are recovering tthey share and tthey manufacturing is ramping up again. But it’s really a combination of all of tthey areas, right. As tthey device business grows and grows disproportionately that has a higtheyr gross margin profile too, so I would say it’s really across tthey board on all of tthey businesses. And ttheir is an area of focus that we have. To your question on gross margin, ttheir is our biggest opportunity, I would say, maintaining ttheir kind of growth rate and ttheyn looking at areas wtheyre we can improve our gross margins. Your point on endpoint costs are true, we are seeing certain input costs come down, certain commodities come down. And if we see that continue throughout going into next year, I think we will have a great opportunity ttheyre. One of tthey things that I wanted to make sure we focused on going into ttheir year was that we had tthey inventory we needed to be able to capitalize on tthey opportunities we have from tthey top line perspective. And if you remember, Jayson, second half of last year, supply chain is really challenged, and we had some challenges, right. And that – those supply chain challenges had an impact on our top line. So, going into ttheir year, we told tthey team, let’s make sure we have got all tthey inventory we need to capitalize on ttheyse opportunities. And one of tthey ways you do that is you have got to lock in your supply, you have got to lock in your volume, you have got to lock in your price. So, as commodities come down and we start to look at our contracts for next year, I think that will be a great opportunity for us as we go through it. So, that being said, I will just wrap up theyre with a few closing comments. We had a very strong start for tthey first half of tthey year. We achieved double-digit organic sales growth on tthey underlying business. We have done it for two quarters in a row now. Tthey growth was broad-based. It’s not focused on one specific area or one geographic area, it’s across tthey entire portfolio and all of tthey areas have delivered great performance. Tthey pipeline has been highly productive. And I think that’s tthey key for us and for our strategy is to make sure that we are bringing new innovations to tthey market that can kind of sustain our top line and meet unmet needs for patients. We have raised tthey organic sales growth and tthey EPS guidance on tthey base business. And tthey EPS guidance on tthey base business is now forecast is, as I have said in tthey beginning, to be about $0.15 higtheyr than our original guidance back in January. So, momentum is building. We are well positioned for tthey second half of tthey year and theyading into next year. So with that, thank you for joining us. Mike Comilla Thank you, operator and thank you all for your questions. Ttheir now concludes Abbott’s conference call. A webcast replay of ttheir call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott’s Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.