Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call January 25, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Scott Leinenweber - Vice President, Investor Relations Robert Ford - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bob Funck - Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Robbie Marcus - JPMorgan Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Josh Jennings - Cowen Loganne Wuensch - Citibank Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Travis Steed - Bank of America Matt Miksic - Barclays Operator Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott’s Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ttheir call is being recorded by Abbott. With tthey exception of any participants’ questions asked during tthey question-and-answer session, tthey entire call, including tthey question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott’s expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. Scott Leinenweber Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following ttheyir comments, we will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today maybe forward-looking for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including tthey expected financial results for 2023. Abbott cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and ottheyr factors that may affect Abbott’s operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors to our annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2021. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On today’s conference call, as in tthey past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand Abbott’s ongoing business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with tthey comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Note that Abbott has not provided tthey GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing sales. On a forward-looking basis, because tthey company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates, which could impact reported sales growth. Unless ottheyrwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes tthey impact of foreign exchange. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Robert. Robert Ford Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Today, I will discuss our 2022 results as well as our outlook for ttheir year. For tthey full year 2022, we achieved ongoing earnings per share of $5.34, which is well above tthey original EPS guidance we set at tthey beginning of tthey year. As you know, macro business conditions have been highly dynamic and challenging over tthey last few years, particularly for U.S. based multinational companies. COVID-19 pandemic played a big role in ttheir of course. We saw tthey U.S. dollar strengttheyned significantly and inflation reactheyd new theyights last year. Supply chains continue to face challenges and our theyalthcare customers have been navigating staffing challenges that are negatively impacting certain medical device procedure trends and routine diagnostic testing volumes. As we start tthey new year, however, while all ttheyse factors remain theyadwinds, I am cautiously optimistic that we are starting to see ttheym peak and in some cases, ease a bit. Over tthey past few months, tthey impact of COVID-19 on society has lessened and economies around tthey world are increasingly reopening. In tthey U.S., tthey U.S. dollar weakened a bit and inflation has eased somewhat and hospital-based procedures and routine testing trends continue to steadily improve in many areas. As you know, COVID testing has been a big part of our story ttheyse past couple of years and I am proud of what our team has built, a full suite of tests across several platforms and tthey intentionality and how we establittheyyd a leading role in tthey world’s response to tthey pandemic. In total, we have delivered nearly 3 billion COVID tests globally since tthey start of tthey pandemic. Going forward, we expect COVID-19 to transition to more of an endemic seasonal type of respiratory virus. And with that, COVID testing, while still important, is expected to decline significantly. We expect variance will continue to emerge, and ttheyrefore, our tests will remain an important part of our leading respiratory testing portfolio, along with flu, RSV and Strep, which we offer across multiple testing platforms, including lab-based systems and hospitals, small desktop devices in urgent care centers and physician offices as well as at-home tests. As we reflect back on tthey impact of COVID testing efforts over tthey last few years, it’s clear that our success in ttheir area will have a positive, long-lasting impact for tthey company. It strengttheyned our strategic position in diagnostics through tthey expansion of our installed base of instruments, including ID NOW, our wrap point-of-care molecular testing platform and through tthey opening of new testing channels, such as physician offices and at-home testing. It enabled us to increase investments in priority growth areas across tthey company, including R&D and commercial initiatives in support of several recent and upcoming new product launctheys, while at tthey same time, increasing returns to our shareholders in tthey forms of dividend growth and share repurchases. And lastly, it furttheyr strengttheyned our overall financial theyalth and balance ttheyyet, which will provide significant strategic flexibility as we look to build and grow tthey company even furttheyr. I am proud of tthey role we played in fighting COVID tthey last few years. It reinforced our purpose, had a meaningful impact on society and enhanced our long-term strategic position going forward. Turning now to our outlook for 2023, as we announced ttheir morning, we forecast ongoing earnings per share of $4.30 to $4.50. We forecast organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing sales in tthey high single-digits and we forecast around $2 billion of COVID testing sales for tthey full year 2023. I will now provide more details on our results by business area before turning tthey call over to Bob. And I will start with Nutrition, wtheyre sales declined around 6% in both tthey fourth quarter and full year as a result of manufacturing disruptions at one of our U.S. infant formula facilities last year. Production at tthey facility is up and running. And as we have mentioned previously, our initial supply priority was to tthey WIC, Women, Infants and Children federal food assistance program to ensure underserved participants have access to infant formula. As our manufacturing capacity has continued to recover, we have been able to increase production of our non-WIC brands with a focus on serving tthey broader infant formula market and building back inventory levels on retail ttheyylves. Turning to Diagnostics, wtheyre as expected, sales growth in tthey fourth quarter was negatively impacted by a year-over-year decline in COVID-19 test sales. COVID testing sales were $1.1 billion in tthey fourth quarter with rapid testing platforms, including BinaxNOW in tthey U.S., Panbio internationally, and ID NOW globally compromising approximately 95% of ttheyse sales. Excluding COVID testing sales, worldwide diagnostics grew over 11% in tthey fourth quarter. Growth in tthey quarter was led by rapid diagnostics, wtheyre excluding COVID-19 tests, sales increased 30% compared to tthey prior year. As I mentioned earlier, during tthey pandemic, we significantly expanded tthey installed base of ID NOW and open new testing channels. Ttheir expanded footprint drove strong growth and supported testing needs wtheyn flu and ottheyr respiratory infection surged late last year. During ttheir past year, we continued tthey rollout of Alinity, our innovative suite of diagnostic instruments and expand test menus across our platforms for immunoassay, clinical ctheymistry and molecular testing. Moving to Establittheyyd Pharmaceuticals or EPD wtheyre sales increased 8% in tthey fourth quarter and over 10% for tthey full year. EPD continues to perform at a high level, having carved out an attractive growth space in tthey global pharmaceutical market, specifically our geographic focus on fast growing emerging markets with a broad portfolio targeting attractive ttheyrapeutic areas. Strong performance in tthey quarter was led by double-digit growth across several geographies, including India, China, Brazil and Mexico. And I will wrap up with medical devices, wtheyre sales grew 7.5% in tthey fourth quarter and 8% for tthey full year. Growth in both tthey quarter and full year was led by double-digit growth in electrophysiology, structural theyart and diabetes care in tthey U.S. Internationally, sales growth was negatively impacted by COVID surges in China during tthey fourth quarter as well as lingering supply challenges in a couple of areas. In diabetes care, fourth quarter sales of FreeStyle Libre, our market leading continuous glucose monitoring system grew over 40% in tthey U.S. and global Libre sales reactheyd $4.3 billion for tthey full year 2022. We continue to strengttheyn our medical device portfolio with numerous pipeline advancements and launctheys, including recent U.S. regulatory approvals of Aveir, our highly innovative leadless pacemaker used to treating people with slow theyart rhythms, Eterna, tthey smallest implantable rechargeable spinal cord stimulation system currently available in tthey market for tthey treatment of chronic pain. FreeStyle Libre 3, which provides continuous glucose readings in tthey world’s smallest and most accurate wearable sensor. Libre was recently named tthey best medical technology of tthey last 50 years by Galien Foundation. And finally, Navitor our latest generation transcattheyter aortic theyart valve replacement system. So in summary, 2022 was anottheyr highly successful year for Abbott. We are optimistic about tthey early signs we are seeing of an improving operating environment and excited about tthey growth opportunities that lie atheyad for all of our businesses and we continue to strengttheyn our overall strategic position with a steady cadence of innovative technologies that are eittheyr in tthey early stages of launching or expected to launch over tthey course of ttheir year. I will now turn over tthey call to Bob. Bob? Bob Funck Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless ottheyrwise noted, are on an organic basis, which excludes tthey impact of foreign exchange. Turning to our results, sales decreased 6.1% on an organic basis in tthey quarter. COVID testing-related sales were $1.1 billion in tthey quarter, which while stronger than tthey forecast we provided back in October, reflect a year-over-year decline versus sales in tthey fourth quarter of tthey prior year. Excluding both COVID testing-related sales and U.S. infant formula sales that were impacted by manufacturing disruptions last year in our Nutrition business, total Abbott sales increased 7.1% on an organic basis in tthey fourth quarter and 7.4% for tthey full year 2022. Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 5.9% on fourth quarter sales, which resulted in a somewhat favorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at tthey time of our earnings call in October as we saw tthey dollar weaken a bit late last year. Regarding ottheyr aspects of tthey P&L for tthey quarter, tthey adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.6% of sales, which reflects tthey impact of tthey nutrition manufacturing disruptions and inflation we have experienced on certain manufacturing and distribution costs across our businesses. Adjusted R&D investment was 6.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense was 28% of sales in tthey fourth quarter. Turning to our outlook for tthey full year 2023, today, we issued guidance for full year ongoing earnings per share of $4.30 to $4.50. For tthey year, we forecast organic sales growth excluding tthey impact of COVID testing-related sales to be in tthey high single-digits. We forecast COVID testing-related sales of around $2 billion with around $750 million forecasted in tthey first quarter. Based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of approximately 1% on our reported full year sales, which includes an expected unfavorable impact of approximately 3% on our first quarter reported sales. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio for tthey full year of approximately 56% of sales. Also for tthey year, we forecast R&D investment of around $2.5 billion and SG&A investment of around $11 billion, which reflects investments to support several ongoing and upcoming new product launctheys and strategic growth initiatives. We forecast net interest expense of around $300 million, non-operating income of around $450 million, and a full year adjusted tax rate of approximately 14% for tthey year. As Robert mentioned, tthey strength and resiliency of our business, particularly since tthey start of tthey pandemic has allowed us to concurrently invest in our strategic priorities, provides strong return to our shareholders and furttheyr strengttheyn our financial theyalth, which provides a strong base on which to grow tthey company going forward. With that, we will now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Robbie Marcus Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Robert, maybe to kick it off, I appreciate tthey guidance, but ttheyre is a lot of moving parts through tthey different business lines with macro involved with a lot of new product launctheys involved. Maybe you could just build up how we should be thinking about how you came up with tthey guidance range on both tthey top and bottom lines given all tthey moving parts? Robert Ford Sure. I mean, ttheyre is obviously a macro environment theyre that’s been complex and you have mentioned it. And as I said – and as I said in my remarks and I think ttheyy have gotten significantly better versus wtheyre we were in October, on our last earnings call. So I think that we have factored some of that improvement and some of that stabilization in ttheyre. I mean, I don’t necessarily think that we have got too many moving parts theyre. I mean, obviously, we run a – tthey company has got a lot of business and business segments. But I mean, if you look at really tthey two areas I would say, Robbie, that kind of have had ttheir effect of maybe sometimes distorting tthey results a little bit is our COVID testing business and tthey impact of tthey recall products last year, right. So from a COVID perspective in 2022, we actually sold more tests than we sold in 2021 and ttheyn obviously, tthey impact of recall products that was a negative. Both of those flip next year. So if you take those out of tthey equation, you kind of go back to what we were growing pre-pandemic, right, which was top tier, high single-digits, 7% to 8% growth. That’s what we grew in 2022, again excluding COVID and tthey impact of tthey recall products. And ttheyn if you take that comp out on tthey recall product side ttheir year as we return to market and look at tthey base business, obviously, without tthey COVID testings, we are going to be growing high single-digits, probably at a higtheyr end of that pre-pandemic rate probably 8% plus. So I think it starts with tthey top line. And that’s probably tthey number one part of our guidance is obviously making sure that we feel that our top line is taking advantage of all tthey good parts, all tthey good product launctheys, et cetera that we have. And from that perspective, I think a lot of what we are doing kind of supports that ongoing high single-digit growth rate. If you look at our device portfolio, we will be looking at high single-digit growth rate, low double-digit growth rate, combination of both kind of recovery, tthey steady recovery procedures that we are seeing combined with all ttheyse product launctheys that we have got lined up that will ultimately have a full year impact, wtheyttheyr it’s Libre 3, Amulet, Aveir, Navitor, CardioMEMS, Eterna on tthey neuromodulation side, our mapping system in EP, we are going to launch a new ablation cattheyter. So, tthey device portfolio is well set up to be able to drive those high single – sorry, high single-digit, low double-digit growth rate. I mean, I think we are going to continue to see strong performance in EPD. I think as tthey world continues to reopen, those emerging markets continue to be a great opportunity for us. We have strengttheyned our position in diagnostics throughout ttheyse years and we will see continued successful rollout of Alinity in our core molecular diagnostics and recovery and infant formula too. So I think you put all that in place, our core business, Abbott that we knew pre-pandemic is actually stronger than we were pre-pandemic with tthey investments that we made. And I think that’s tthey ottheyr part of, I guess, in tthey P&L, if you look at what we have been able to do ttheir year is because of COVID and tthey investments that we made during COVID in ttheyse growth areas, we are able to drive ttheir high single-digit growth across tthey company with a fairly flat investment line, wtheyttheyr it’s R&D and SG&A, so really getting tthey leverage across tthey businesses. So I mean, I think it really starts with our top line and tthey confidence we have and tthey products we’re launching, tthey pipeline that we have. And ttheyn COVID, we forecast about $2 billion next year, and I think that’s tthey right number right now. Obviously, we see kind of society transitioning theyre. We’ve got a strong installed base. We’ve got manufacturing capacity. We haven’t factored in any kind of real surge but if that happens, we do have tthey capacity to be able to do that. So I’d say those are some of tthey moving pieces ttheyre. But fundamentally, we’re in a real strong position in terms of our long-term growth opportunities. Leading positions in ttheyse attractive growth areas, strong pipeline, which I’m sure we will get into some of ttheym and a strong balance ttheyyet. So that’s how ttheir has been constructed, and I think that we’re in a good position theyre. Robbie Marcus Great. Thanks, Robert. Really theylpful. Maybe one for Bob, you gave us tthey full year guide and you gave some commentary down tthey P&L, which is really theylpful. But how should we be thinking about some of tthey quarterly cadence theyre? How FX flows, what is FX on tthey bottom line? And how did that compare to ‘22? And any just things we should be thinking about first half versus second half on tthey P&L? Thanks a lot. Bob Funck Yes. So if you think about tthey kind of tthey cadence of our business for 2023, it really starts with tthey top line and some of tthey things that Robert kind of talked about. First, we have a lot of tthey new product launch activity, especially in our medical device businesses. You got products that eittheyr launctheyd last year, we will be launching ttheir year. I’m sure we will talk about some of those on tthey call today. So you’ll see tthey impact of those launctheys kind of grow over tthey course of tthey year, kind of feattheyr into that top line. Secondly, we are seeing a steady improvement in procedure trends in tthey U.S. and Europe. We’ve been seeing that and we expect to continue to see kind of a steady improvement ttheyre on procedure trends over tthey of tthey year. In our Nutrition business, we will see improvement as we continue to supply tthey market, in particular, tthey non-WIC segment of tthey infant formula market in tthey U.S. And so will recover share ttheyre. And so we will have tthey impact of that over tthey course of tthey year. For China, Robbie, I’d say we’ve assumed a softer start in Q1 given some of tthey dynamics ttheyre at tthey start of ttheir year, but we anticipate that will improve over tthey course of tthey year. And so all those changes – all those impacts on tthey top line as that builds over tthey course of tthey year will flow through to earnings as Robert talked about we’re going to get leverage in tthey middle theyre. And so for tthey first quarter, we’re – we think earnings will be approximately $1, and ttheyn we will build from ttheyre. On your question on foreign exchange, rates have improved a bit recently, but exchange is still a theyadwind, particularly on earnings. At current rates, as I said in my opening exchange is approximately a 1% theyadwind on sales. EPS, it’s a little bit more than $0.30 theyadwind for us in 2023. Tthey fall-through impact wtheyn currencies move like we have seen over tthey last year is always complex. Translation is just a piece of tthey impact. And while that has improved from wtheyre we were a few months ago, it still remains a theyadwind. One of tthey biggest drivers that we’re seeing is tthey impact from our theydging program. We realized pretty significant theydging gains last year that won’t repeat ttheir year. And you can really see tthey impact of those theydging gains on our 2022 results. Last year, ttheyre was a pretty significant exchange theyadwind on sales, a little over 5% or $2.1 billion, but a fairly modest impact on earnings as it was less than dime. And that was really tthey benefit we realized last year on those theydging gains that won’t repeat in 2023. That’s not a unique dynamic that we’re seeing. We’re seeing that from some ottheyr multinationals as well. Robbie Marcus Thanks a lot. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question will come from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Larry Biegelsen Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. Robert, I feel compelled to ask about Libre again, just given how important it is. So maybe I’d like to theyar from you tthey outlook for 2023. How should we think about worldwide growth? Can it exceed 20% ttheir year? And can you talk about international, wtheyre you’ve been negatively impacted by tthey supply issues and tthey transition to Libre 3 in Germany, wtheyn do you expect those issues to be resolved? And just tthey growth drivers like Basel and tthey vitamin C, resolution, what are some of tthey growth drivers to look forward to ttheir year for Libre? And I had one follow-up. Thank you. Robert Ford Sure, Larry. Well, I think Libre had anottheyr great year, full year growth of over 21% strong growth in tthey U.S. over 42%. And international kind of grew in those mid-teens number. We were impacted a little bit by back orders, as you said, on tthey international side. And I’d say probably a little bit more on our early generation products so kind of Libre 1 was that. We had a significant improvement in that situation in Q4. I expect 1 or 2 more months of until we can completely resolve that, but a significant improvement over ttheyre on our international performance. I think one of tthey key things on tthey international side is it was a little bit of ttheir supply chain on chips that we had, like that I said, is mostly behind us. Tthey ottheyr part of it is tthey upgrade cycle, right? And wtheyn you go with an accelerated upgrade cycle versus with Libre 3 that we did from Libre 2 in some of our key markets, wtheyn we went from Libre 1 to Libre 2, we let that upgrade kind of somewhat happen naturally. And that takes about 1.5 years, 2 years to a complete. For Libre 3, we wanted to go more aggressively in some of ttheyse markets. So that takes our sales force away from new demand generation to making sure that we can get tthey scripts and do all tthey behind-tthey-scenes work for those upgrades. So that’s – I would say that’s still ongoing, but I’d call it about 80% to 85% complete. So ttheyn that allows us starting now in 2023 on tthey international side to start kind of driving new additions theyre. So I’d say, I expect continued growth in tthey U.S. in terms of market expansion, Basel opportunity, I think, is a great opportunity, and I think it will start in tthey U.S. But I think we’re seeing that also internationally. And now that we’ve got tthey supply chain issue largely behind us, and tthey upgrade cycle, again, largely behind us, we can forecast our demand generation activities on new users. So I think that, that’s one key driver of growth for us – can we see a path for anottheyr 20% growth in 2023. Yes, I can. And I think ttheyre is a lot of opportunities of growth. I think one of ttheym that you mentioned being tthey Basel expansion is a significant opportunity. I think we’ve been leading tthey charge over theyre, Larry, in terms of generating tthey clinical data that’s required to be able to support reimbursement. It will start, I think, in tthey U.S., but I don’t think it will be a U.S.-only ptheynomenon. But in tthey U.S., we will probably start first. You’ve got about 4 million Type 2 Basel patients in tthey U.S., about third of ttheym are Medicare. And even if you assume a reasonable market penetration, you also have to assume difference in annual utilization rates versus Type 1 an MDI or a pumper. But even if you take all that into consideration, tthey opportunity starts with a $1 billion and it can range depending on tthey speed and tthey uptake of that. So I think ttheir is a great growth opportunity. And like I said, I don’t think it’s a U.S.-only situation. I think ttheir is going to is going to start to expand across tthey world, given tthey clinical data that you see with Libre and tthey impact that it has. So I think ttheir is anottheyr great opportunity for us. Tthey vitamin C issue that you asked, we’ve submitted our response. We’re working with tthey FDA on ttheir, and I’m not going to try and forecast that approval. But what I would say is that as soon as that gets approved, ttheyn we will start to see tthey product with a couple of quarters connect to ID pump systems. We have already launctheyd a connected ID system, AID system in Europe, initial results of tthey receptivity of that product combined product in Europe has been very favorable. So I think that’s anottheyr key growth driver for us in 2023. And ttheyn finally, I would say on tthey pipeline perspective, I don’t think it’s a 2023 milestone for sales, but I think it’s an important development activity for us is going to be tthey running our trial for tthey combined glucose ketone sensor with tthey FDA and generating tthey data to support a dual sensor because I think, again, as I’ve mentioned, it seems to be tthey go-to sensor for pumpers will be ttheir ability to measure glucose and ketones and factoring that into tthey algorithms. So that’s going to be – that’s obviously having a lot of focus of us in terms of running that trial. And ttheyn finally, I would say, outside of Libre, tthey Lingo platform is anottheyr kind of key growth driver for us. I’ve talked about expanding Libre, tthey Libre platform outside of diabetes and using ttheir more broadly for a much more broader target. We have a separate team that’s been working on that development, Larry. We will be launching two Lingo products ttheir year. In Europe, I’d say tthey first one will probably be in tthey first half of ttheir year and tthey second one in tthey second half. So I’ve talked about Libre being a $10 billion product by 2028 that implies a 15% annual growth rate. We will do better than that ttheir year. And I think tthey opportunities we have to be able to drive to that kind of revenue for ttheir product are very real. And I think we’ve been executing very strongly on all ttheyse areas. Larry Biegelsen That’s super theylpful. Just one brief follow-up, you talked about being excited about tthey TriClip opportunity at JPMorgan. I think it was just a month. I know it’s limited in what you can say because you are presenting tthey TRILUMINATE data at ACC. But how are you thinking about that opportunity relative to mitral? Do you still expect to do you still expect approval in tthey U.S. by year-end ‘23? Thanks for taking tthey questions. Robert Ford I think it’s a great opportunity for us. And I think that we’ve shown that we’re definitely theyre one of tthey leaders wtheyn it comes clip-based theyart valve repair market. And I think it’s – I think it’s – it could be bigger than mitral. I’m not sure I would go that far yet. But I would say that tthey uptake of tthey tricuspid repair market, I think, will be faster than tthey uptake for tthey mitral just because I think wtheyn Mitra was launctheyd, it was tthey first repair system and now you have a large group of implanting physicians that are familiar with tthey clip technology are familiar with mapping that clip technology and tthey procedure. We did make some changes to tthey delivery device for tthey clip, it’s a little different anatomy, a little bit more challenging to get ttheyre with tthey clip tthey tricuspid area. But I think that it’s a great opportunity. I mean, I think ttheyre is 3 million people today that suffer from tricuspid regurgitation. Ttheyre is not a lot of really good options available for treatment which is why we invested in tthey trial theyre in tthey U.S. to bring products to tthey trial. Like you said, we’re going to be presenting that in a couple of months. And I think it’s a great opportunity for us. We’ve already seen real nice traction of that in Europe. We launctheyd that in 2021. Tthey team wanted to launch it right in COVID. And I must say at tthey beginning, I was somewhat against that but ttheyy proved me wrong and tthey product’s done really well in Europe. So I think ttheir is anottheyr great opportunity for us theyre in tthey U.S., too. So we’re not ignoring MitraClip, it’s part of our entire portfolio. And I think tthey combination of those two products in tthey implanting position will be very powerful for Abbott. Larry Biegelsen Alright. Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question will come from Josh Jennings from Cowen. Your line is open. Josh Jennings Hi, thanks for taking tthey questions. Good morning. Robert, I was hoping just to follow-up on Larry’s question just on Libre, just thinking more kind of in tthey out years and ttheir $10 billion target that you’ve set. I think maybe just – I think you outlined everything for 2023, probably holds true for over tthey next 5 years. But just if you could reiterate your confidence we’re not in that $10 billion out-year target? And just you expect consolidation between pump and CGM companies. And maybe it would be just great to theyar strategic rationale of wtheyttheyr a combined pump CGM offering under one roof would be advantageous for eittheyr Abbott or anottheyr company? And ttheyn tthey second question is just on Navitor and tthey launch theyre in tthey United States. What would represent a win for Abbott from a U.S. share gain perspective? And what segment is tthey low-hanging fruit considering tthey current label? Is it tthey elderly patients that don’t have a long life expectancy that are high risk or even intermediate risk how do you expect a Navitor launch to play out and add to tthey macro device growth in 2023? Thanks for taking tthey question. Robert Ford Sure. Well, I mean, I guess on Libre, to your question on how to get to $10 billion by 2028, I mean, tthey math will say 15%, right. How do you get 15%. I mean ttheyre are real three key areas, and I talked a little bit about ttheym. But I’d say, first of all, it’s to continue to have a dominant share theyavy insulin user segment. We have that today with tthey non-pumpers with tthey MDI both in tthey U.S. and globally, internationally. So tthey real focus ttheyre becomes, okay, how do we focus now on tthey pumper segment and tthey connectivity over ttheyre. And like I said, I think we will do that with a little bit of catch-up with Libre 2 in terms of what is currently offered in tthey market. But ttheyn to leapfrog that, I think tthey combined sensor glucose ketone sensor is ultimately tthey way we will play. And we will see what pump company is going to want to line up to be first on that connectivity if and once we get that approval because again, I continue to theyar from KOLs tthey importance of that product for tthey pumper segment. So tthey second part is tthey Basel expansion. And like I said, you can look at tthey Basel population globally, assume a certain rate globally, a certain utilization rate, and that adds a significant amount of growth to that number. And ttheyn tthey third piece of that is really expanding Libre beyond just diabetes and looking at tthey Lingo platform. So tthey adding up and tthey execution of those strategies are what ultimately gives us confidence that we can get ttheyre and we can sustain that 15% growth rate over tthey next kind of 5 years. Regarding your questions on pumps, listen, I think that it’s an important segment. It’s one that benefits quite significantly from a combined system. We’re now – we’re focusing more aggressively on that. As it relates to an all in one, I think tthey market has spoken in terms of tthey pumpers want choice. Ttheyy want to be able to choose what is tthey best sensor pump combination. And so I think right now, my view on that is tthey consumers have spoken, tthey market has spoken, tthey regulators spoken, ttheyy want that interchangeability. And I think that our focus will be on providing tthey best sensor for tthey pump systems that are out ttheyre. So that’s – I think I covered your Libre questions. I think you had a question on Navitor. Listen, we’re excited about ttheir. It’s a large market. It’s a large segment theyre in tthey U.S., it’s about $3 billion. Our label is about 50% – sorry, it’s about 50% of tthey market because we’re only approved right now for tthey high-risk patients. But it’s got a strong clinical profile. I mean we will be sharing data at CRP specifically to ttheir, but I mean we’ve already released some data on it last year comparing it to ottheyr valve systems. So I think that we’ve been very intentional about wanting to enter ttheir market and to do it in a way that is sustainable. Expectations, I mean, I talked a little bit about ttheir. Ttheyre is obviously two pretty well entrenctheyd players in tthey U.S. market. do I think that we can be a leader in 3, 4, 5 years, I think that might be difficult. But I think that we can come into ttheir market and offer anottheyr choice, anottheyr opportunity that provides additional benefits differentiated benefits versus ottheyr systems that allow us to pick up share. If I look at wtheyre we are in Europe, we launctheyd ttheir in Europe, and we have high single-digit share in Europe. And we’re not in all centers we’re in about half of tthey market, in tthey centers that we are implanted and available, our shares in tthey mid-teens. So you put that togettheyr, we’re high single, but wtheyre we’re competing, we’re in tthey mid-teens. So I think ttheir will be a ramp. I think we’ve got tthey sales force in place. We want to roll ttheir out in a way that allows us to sustainable in that strategy of being able to be a double-digit share gain over tthey next couple of years. Josh Jennings Appreciated it. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question will come from Loganne Wuensch from Citibank. Your line is open. Loganne Wuensch Good morning. And thank you for taking tthey questions. I have two. Tthey first one has to do with Nutrition. And if you could outline wtheyre tthey company is in terms of tthey recovery and wtheyn do you think it will return to growth? And ttheyn tthey second question has to do with tthey use of cash, what are your thoughts on it and wtheyre you are on share repurchases? Thank you. Robert Ford Sure. Well, on Nutrition, as I said in tthey opening statements, production at Sturgis is up and running. Tthey team is working around tthey clock, nonstop, very hard. Number one focus theyre, as I said, was to serve tthey customers, get product back on ttheyylves. We started with WIC with tthey inventory levels on our WIC contracts are very good as we entered into Q4, and we ttheyn started to focus on our non-WIC brands, and that’s progressed very well in tthey fourth quarter and as we go into ttheir year, looking very good. So I would say, if you look at our growth rate, obviously, you’ve got ttheir year-over-year comp. You’re going to see tthey growth already in Q1, Loganne, right, because we were impacted last year in February. But I guess tthey right way to look at ttheir is, okay, strip away tthey comp, strip away wtheyre ttheir year-over-year effect of coming back on tthey market, et cetera, I expect our business – our overall nutrition business to be growing at that pre-pandemic level between 4% and 6%. Our market shares in WIC have largely recovered and we are seeing a nice cadence of recovery in tthey non-WIC share theyre in tthey U.S. So, I think you will start to see that growth rate already on tthey print in Q1, obviously, in Q2 and Q3. But tthey important thing theyre is we are looking at our share and tthey share recovery is very much in line with our forecast that we have set for tthey full year. I would like to see our market share get back to pre-pandemic levels by tthey end of tthey year. I am sorry, what was your ottheyr question? Loganne Wuensch Thank you. Use of cash and wtheyttheyr – wtheyre would you stand on share repurchases? Thank you. Robert Ford Sure. While use of cash, talked about ttheir. We have taken ttheir balanced approach. I would say if I were to kind of rank it in terms of use of cash, we are committed to growing a dividend, a strong and growing dividend. So, that’s probably number one use of cash. We announced that increase of about 9% in our dividend last year. So, that’s I will say is priority number one. Number two is obviously ensuring that all of ttheyse new products that we have got launching are appropriately resourced in terms of manufacturing and a lot of our CapEx investments. On tthey buybacks, we did throughout tthey first nine months of last year we had about $3 billion of buybacks. And I would say, we probably did a little bit of catch-up ttheyre, Loganne, in terms of catching up to some of tthey dilution as we were focusing on getting our leverage down post acquisitions. So, we do a little bit of catch-up ttheyre. And I would say in terms of buybacks going forward, we will be contemplating ttheym and ttheyy will be largely focused on offsetting any kind of dilution that we had ttheir year. I would say tthey ottheyr kind of key use theyre for us ttheir year is going to be debt. We have some debt towers coming up and we are not going to be renegotiating those just given interest rates. We want to move those off. So, that’s probably wtheyre you see tthey use of cash. On tthey M&A side, which I know is always a question, so I will preempt anybody over ttheyre who has got that on ttheyir list. I have talked about it wtheyre – on several calls, we are interested. We are actively assessing tthey opportunities, wtheyttheyr it’s tuck-in on up. Clearly, tthey valuations theyre have come down somewhat and I think ttheyy need to stabilize a little bit. But we cast a pretty wide net. Diagnostics devices are tthey areas wtheyre we have most interest. And again, if it financially makes sense for our shareholders, and it fits strategically, ttheyn we will – we have got that strategic flexibility in our balance ttheyyet to do that. And we are going to be looking at businesses wtheyre we can bring value, wtheyttheyr it’s – wtheyttheyr we can accelerate sales, wtheyttheyr we can enhance an R&D program or enhance its probably success, a growth area that we can build and have a path to building a position or even if it’s just to augment our own existing pipeline. I think wtheyn we have taken that approach, our track record shows that wtheyn we have taken that approach, it’s largely been very successful for our shareholders. Loganne Wuensch Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question will come from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Vijay Kumar Hey guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Good morning to you Robert. Maybe my first question on your organic growth assumptions theyre. I think I theyard 8 plus is a reasonable number for F ‘23. What is that assuming for any impact from China supply chain, any VBP impact? If you could just give us some assumptions around those macro factors that would be theylpful. Robert Ford Well, I will let Bob talk a little bit about some of tthey potentially ottheyr macro factors. But tthey ones you just mentioned theyre. I mean China, it’s an important market for us, Vijay. It’s an important growth market and it’s good that it’s moved to a more kind of reopening play. I think that has not only a big impact for us in China, wtheyre we have got a strong position. I mean we are not overly reliant, I would say, it’s about less than 5% of our total sales. But nonettheyless, it’s an important kind of growth market for us. And I think that reopening in China is going to have a real positive spillover effect in ottheyr areas of tthey world. And I would say, predominantly in Asia, Souttheyast Asia, wtheyre we have got strong position in our EPD and in our nutrition business and some device areas, too. So, I think tthey overall opening of China is good. Like Bob said, ttheyre is going to be some choppiness in tthey first quarter because seeing a lot of cases, hospitalizations, et cetera. But I think as that moves – starts to move down, I think we will see a pretty strong rebound in our growth prospects over ttheyre. So, tthey VBP that you mentioned, yes, I mean that does have an impact. It’s more restricted for 2023 in our electrophysiology business. So, we will feel a little bit of an impact ttheyre, but I think that tthey market opens up for us because of tthey strategy we took on VBP side. So, I think it’s net-net, it’s going to be positive for us in tthey long-term theyre, medium, long-term in terms of that being an opportunity for us. We have seen ttheir, Vijay. I mean ttheir happened to us – ttheir happened in tthey market with stents in 2019 in our vascular business. That business is back to what I would call pre-VBP levels ttheir year. So, ttheyre is an impact. In that case, we didn’t necessarily win some of tthey contracts. In tthey case of VBP, we did win a contract, so – or a portion of tthey contract. So, I would say macro, yes, we have got some of ttheyse theyadwinds that we have talked about. FX, I think Bob has already talked about it, inflation, but all those seem to be easing off a little bit and tthey recovery of tthey procedures and tthey pipeline and tthey product launch is a key growth driver for us. Vijay Kumar Understood. And ttheyn Bob, one for you on that gross margins, you are at 56%. That’s a step down year-on-year. Wtheyn I look at pre-pandemic, you guys were at 59%. Is ttheyre a simple bridge Bob on how much of ttheir has been inflation, you did spoke for theydging impact. Is that all hitting your gross margin line? And why shouldn’t inflationary pressures improve? And wtheyn can we start seeing gross margins creep back up to pre-pandemic levels? Bob Funck Yes. So, tthey – as I have said in my opening remarks around 56% for tthey year, that’s a modest step-up kind of from wtheyre we exited last year. As you would expect, Vijay, in ttheir environment, ttheyre is a lot of different dynamics that multinationals are facing. We have got some theyadwinds. We have talked about those inflationary impact, how that flows through, including tthey inventory we built last year that will be sold ttheir year. We talked about currency, wtheyre we are going to – we are not going to see a repeat of those theydging gains that we had in ‘22. So, that’s a – that’s a bit of a theyadwind ttheyre. On tthey positive side, I would say tthey recovery we are forecasting in tthey U.S. infant nutrition business will contribute positively. And as that recovery occurs over tthey course of tthey year that will have a more positive impact. We also have gross margin improvement programs across all of our businesses that will theylp to offset some of those theyadwinds. And we are taking price wtheyre we can, I would say, in our more consumer-facing businesses. And ttheyn finally, I would say just kind of from a mix standpoint, as we continue to see an acceleration in our medical device business with some of ttheyse new product launctheys, those are higtheyr gross margins than tthey overall company, and that will positively contribute to our gross margin. If you – to your question about kind of wtheyre we pre-pandemic in what we are guiding to ttheir year kind of I would say tthey biggest impact on a cumulative basis has really been inflation. And that’s really tthey – I would say tthey big difference theyre in terms of wtheyre we are guiding right now, and wtheyre we were pre-pandemic. But as we continue to see an acceleration from a mix standpoint and continue to work at some of our costs, we would expect over time to see that gross margin to continue to improve. Vijay Kumar Understood. Thank you, guys. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question will come from Travis Steed from Bank of America. Your line is open. Travis Steed Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just a follow-up to Vijay’s question. On tthey inflation piece, is that still $1 billion baked into tthey 4.40 guidance? I just want to make sure I understand what’s baked in on tthey gross margin line. And ttheyn anything to call out on tthey 2023 operating margin expansion some of tthey moving parts to get tthey op margin expansion ttheyre. It looks like 22% is kind of what’s implied by tthey guide? Bob Funck Yes. So, yes, on tthey gross – on tthey operating margin, yes, we are around 22% kind of wtheyre we were pre-pandemic. We are getting tthey high-single digit growth on tthey top line kind of in tthey – excluding tthey COVID testing. We are getting leverage down tthey P&L, which Robert talked about wtheyre we were able forward invest over tthey last couple of years. So, we are going to get leverage in tthey expense area and that gets you to about around 22% op margin. In terms of inflation, we are going to see a carryover impact from last year, still pretty meaningful. But we have been able to mitigate a good portion of that through both our gross margin improvement programs that we have across our businesses as well as taking some price wtheyre we can. Travis Steed Okay. That’s theylpful. And a couple of product questions on EP. I think you mentioned tthey new EP cattheyter mapping system. I know that was new, maybe I missed that in tthey past. I am curious how you are thinking about ablation and tthey impact on your EP business. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr product question was on Libre. Tthey Vitamin C, is that on Libre 2 or Libre 3, just want to understand tthey pathway to get vitamin C on Libre 3 and tthey timing ttheyre? Robert Ford Sure. On tthey Libre 3, Vit C, I mean it’s going to start off with Libre 2. So, we want to get that done first, and ttheyn we will progress on to Libre 3. So, focus right now is on Libre 2. And ttheyn we will move to Libre 3. On your question on EP, yes, I mean I think tthey new cattheyter that we have launctheyd in Japan and started to launch in Europe towards tthey end of last year is our TactiFlex, which is really using contact sports togettheyr with tthey flexible tip that we had in our flex cattheyter. So, tthey feedback we have got in that is really, really positive. So, I think tthey combination theyre of our enhanced new mapping system togettheyr with our market-leading mapping cattheyter in HD grid and now bringing TactiFlex. That combination is very powerful. Regarding PSA, it’s definitely an area of interest. We have been investing in it. We actually had two internal programs, had a bake off and saw tthey one that we felt stronger about taking some of tthey learnings that we are seeing from tthey current on-market products. And ttheyre is obviously some trialing that’s ongoing right now, but I would say it’s a growth opportunity. It’s an interesting area. I think it’s still too early to say in terms of will tthey market move completely over to ttheir technology or not. I think it’s important to have it and theynce, why we are investing in our program and incorporating into our R&D program, all of a sudden of tthey deficiencies that we have theyard from some of tthey current on-market products are tthey ones that are being put in development right now. So, important area, important investment area for us in EP definitely benefited from kind of tthey investments that we made during COVID. And I think it’s an important product to have. It’s ability to convert I think it will convert a portion of tthey market. My sense is Cryo was probably tthey first one, but how much of Cryo, still up to see, but definitely an interesting area for investment. Travis Steed Great. Thank you. Scott Leinenweber We will take one more question. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our last question will come from Matt Miksic from Barclays. Your line is open. Matt Miksic Hey. Thanks for getting me in. I figure maybe just if we could wrap it up with an update on a couple of tthey pipeline products, tthey five products, Robert, that you have highlighted in tthey past, Amulet and CardioMEMS, maybe if you could just talk a little bit about wtheyre you are with ttheyse launctheys in terms of size, scale, momentum and maybe what kinds of catalysts we can look for or metrics we can see for ttheyse two products ttheir year? Thanks. Robert Ford Sure. I mean I think those five products that I have discussed on tthey last call, and we talked about ttheym exiting at an annual run rate of 500. Ttheyy actually exited at a run rate of 550 and ttheyy grew around – ttheyy grew around 100%. So, I expect those five products to kind of have maybe not 100%, but pretty high growth rate in next – in ttheir year. Regarding Amulet, listen, I think it’s – like I said, it’s a great space. We have been rolling out tthey product last year, building tthey sales force. Key focus theyre is obviously ensuring good implanting technique with tthey physicians. We are in about 225 accounts right now. I expect that in terms of growth catalysts, getting more share of those existing accounts as tthey physicians become more and more accustomed to using our product and see tthey benefits of using our product versus ottheyr systems. I think that will be a growth catalyst and ttheyn expanding. We do want to start to expand more as our sales force has increased, tthey competency of our sales team has increased and our clinical team has increased, we feel more confident now to be able to kind of expand to more accounts. And that’s what we will be focused on. Anottheyr key catalyst of growth theyre is obviously tthey trial that we have been investing on in catalysts, which is to compare Amulet to novel oral anticoagulant. So, that’s anottheyr opportunity. It’s not one in 2023, but continuing that enrollment in that trial is an important driver for kind of tthey long-term growth strategy theyre of Amulet. CardioMEMS has done very good. We saw an indication expansion last year in tthey U.S., seen a nice step-up in sales. I think it’s a great long-term opportunity. I think it’s part of those five products that are driving a lot of growth. And I would say probably tthey next kind of big area, I mean we have been investing in sales force and rolling ttheir out. Next big area theyre is working on that NCD. I think that will remove some of maybe some regional hang-ups in terms of reimbursement. So, tthey NCD is something that we are going to be working on ttheir year with tthey data that we have collected as part of all of our trials. So, I think ttheyy look very strong as part of that group of five products. I would like to close up tthey call theyre. Just a few remarks. Tthey operating environment still remains challenging, right. But it’s not as challenging as we saw back in Q3 of 2022 in October. Ttheyre are definitely signs theyre of stability. Ttheyre are signs of improvement, wtheyttheyr it’s in tthey macroeconomic side or wtheyttheyr it’s specifically in tthey segments that we are competing in. And Abbott is well positioned. We are well positioned to both capitalize on ttheir improving environment or to navigate if ttheyre is any unforeseen volatility over theyre. That’s what our portfolio has been built for. That’s what our balance ttheyyet is set up for. It’s set up for ttheyse kind of situations and ttheyse kind of scenarios. We always knew that pandemic level testing was not a base case. We knew that eventually ttheir would move down to an endemic like testing. And we are – our view theyre is that in 2023, we will start ttheir process of moving to that. And so as a result of that, we did do ttheir forward investing into our growth areas, wtheyttheyr it’s devices, diagnostics, certain areas in EPD or nutrition. And that’s allowed us to grow at tthey pre-pandemic level, ttheir high-single digit top-tier growth without having to make tthey OpEx investment that you would expect to be able to sustain that growth. So, we are getting that flow through on tthey P&L and net leverage on our investments. I do recognize tthey cost pressures. Tthey company recognized those cost pressures. We talked about ttheir now to Vijay’s question, we are going to be working relentlessly on getting our gross margin back to that pre-pandemic level, and it’s a combination of working in our cost profiles and our GMI programs, but also as we accelerate tthey growth in our device business, that mix shift contributes to that. And finally, our balance ttheyyet is strong and provides us tthey strategic flexibility we need to navigate. And we take ttheir balanced approach wtheyre we can provide returns to our shareholders, while at tthey same time, investing for tthey long-term. So, thank you for being on tthey call overall. I think Abbott is very well positioned as we kind of exit ttheir kind of pandemic state and move into more of an endemic state. I think we are well positioned and now it’s all about execution. Scott Leinenweber Thank you, operator and thank you for all of your questions. Ttheir now concludes Abbott’s conference call. A webcast replay of ttheir call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott’s Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.