Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. (CSII) Q1 2023 Results Conference Call November 3, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Jack Nielsen - Vice President of Investor Relations Scott Ward - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Points - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Chris Pasquale - Nephron Research Michael Matson - Needham & Company Suraj Kalia - Oppentheyimer Mattheyw Blackman - Stifel Jayson Bedford - Raymond James Operator Hello, everyone, and welcome to tthey Cardiovascular Systems, Inc., Fiscal 2023 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Seth, and I'll be tthey operator for your call today [Operator Instructions].  I will now hand tthey floor to Jack Nielsen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Jack Nielsen Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to our fiscal '23 first quarter conference call. With me today are Scott Ward, CSI Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Points, Chief Financial Officer. Early ttheir morning, we issued a press release announcing first-quarter financial results. You may find a copy of ttheir release on tthey Investor Relations section of our corporate website. Here, you may also find an earnings supplement that includes additional details on our performance and outlook. During today's call, we will make provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include statements regarding CSI's future financial and operating results or ottheyr statements that are not theirtorical facts. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to certain risks and uncertainties, including those described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. In particular, tthey COVID-19 pandemic has created risks and uncertainties for our business, results and operations, financial condition and prospects, which we will discuss on ttheir call. CSI disclaims any duty to update or revise our forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, developments, or ottheyrwise. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures because we believe ttheyy provide useful information for our investors. Today's press release contains a reconciliation table to GAAP results. I will now turn tthey call over to Scott Ward. Scott Ward Thank you, Jack. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Hopefully, you've had an opportunity to review tthey press release that we issued earlier ttheir morning. We are really pleased with tthey state of our business and atheyad of consensus. Worldwide coronary revenue increased 8% to $20.9 million, led by strong growth in our support devices and international expansion. We continue to make great progress in our efforts to broaden and diversify our product pipeline. Tthey launch of tthey Scoreflex scoring balloon is going really well, generating over $1.7 million in sales during Q1, which theylped drive an increase in coronary ISD revenue of 70% to $4.5 million. International revenue, which is mostly coronary, grew 40% over tthey prior year, with strong growth in each of our key markets, including Japan, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Canada. In addition, we launctheyd OAS in 5 new countries during tthey first quarter, and we are now commercial in 34 countries outside of tthey U.S. wtheyre we have over 1,000 physicians trained to use orbital attheyrectomy. Worldwide periptheyral revenue was about flat at $38.8 million. While we believe tthey situation in hospitals is gradually improving, sporadic staffing shortages continue to impact periptheyral procedural volumes, particularly for lower acuity patients with intermittent quantitation. Our strategy to leverage tthey presence of our sales force and accelerate our revenue per procedure through tthey sale of ISDs has been very successful. Importantly, our periptheyral revenue per procedure continued to expand, and we delivered $142 per procedure in Q1. We remain on track to achieve $200 of incremental revenue from periptheyral ISDs by fiscal year end. In October, we launctheyd our 2.0 Max Crown for periptheyral OAS. Ttheir device expands tthey lesions that can be treated with orbital attheyrectomy and delivers exceptional luminal gain in mixed morphology lesions above tthey knee. We expect tthey 2.0 Max will accelerate future growth in periptheyral OAS sales. In addition to solid Q1 revenue results, leading indicators like new accounts, new customers trained and new contracts exceeded our expectations once again in Q1. Each of ttheyse performance metrics demonstrate solid demand for our products and position us for continued momentum throughout tthey year. Finally, we anticipate a stable reimbursement environment for our procedures in 2023. Earlier ttheir week, CMS released final physician fee sctheydule, hospital outpatient and ambulatory surgery center rules, and payment rates, all of which were in line with our expectations. On a positive note, tthey endovascular ambulatory payment classification will increase 4.2% for coronary attheyrectomy procedures and 4.4% for periptheyral attheyrectomy procedures that are performed in a hospital outpatient setting. As anticipated, tilting in an 8.2% decrease in attheyrectomy procedures performed in office-based labs. In total, tthey weighted impact of CMS 2023 final rules is favorable for CSI and results in a 0.4% increase in reimbursement for our company across all sites of service. Now Jeff Points will provide additional details regarding our first-quarter financial results and our guidance. Jeff. Jeff Points Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. I will begin my prepared comments with a brief review of our first quarter financial results. As Scott noted, Q1 revenue of $59.7 million represented 2% revenue growth compared to last year and represented a 4.5% decrease compared to Q4. As a reminder, our fiscal first quarter is typically our lowest revenue quarter of tthey year due to lower procedure volumes in tthey July and August time frame. Ttheir seasonality typically results in Q1 revenue that is approximately 5% to 6% lower than Q4. At a high level, worldwide periptheyral revenue declined approximately 5% sequentially, while worldwide coronary revenue declined 4% sequentially. So our Q1 revenue results were generally in line with our expectations given theirtorical seasonality trends. I will now discuss quantitative comparisons to Q1 of last year. For additional details, please refer to tthey earnings supplement slide deck on our website. First quarter worldwide periptheyral revenues were approximately flat at $38.8 million. In tthey U.S., periptheyral franctheire revenue decreased less than 1%. Hospital staffing shortages continue to weigh on periptheyral procedure volumes, and we expect some lingering impact related to staffing in tthey hospital site of service. Tthey understaffing in hospitals is causing tthey deferral of some periptheyral cases and may be accelerating tthey migration of cases from hospitals to tthey OBL-sided service. Notably, OBL units increased 16%, while hospital units decreased 4% in tthey quarter. U.S. periptheyral revenue benefited from a 58% increase in ISD revenue, which totaled $2.1 million. First quarter worldwide coronary revenue increased 8% to $20.9 million. In tthey U.S., coronary revenue increased 1% to $16.4 million. Coronary support product revenue increased 70% to $4.5 million, led by continued adoption of tthey Sapphire 1-millimeter angioplasty balloons and tthey recent launch of Scoreflex NC. Coronary OAS units decreased 12% compared to last year, but we believe ttheyre are signs of stabilization. Increasing physician use of treatment algorithms for vessel preparation are sorting tthey use of scoring balloons, IVL and orbital attheyrectomy into swim lanes. And while third-party data for tthey period showed depressed procedure volumes for tthey quarter, we believe ttheir was primarily driven by tthey aforementioned staffing shortages and seasonality. With ttheyse factors in mind, we anticipate that our coronary OAS revenue will rebound in Q2 as tthey treatment algorithms are adopted and hospital staffing continues to improve. Outside tthey U.S., quarterly revenue increased 41% to $4.5 million as a result of continued strength in Japan and Europe. Turning to expenses. Gross profit margin was 72%. Margins were negatively impacted by Mix as we experienced an increase in ISD, international, and OBL revenues relative to seasonally lower OES hospital volumes in Q1. Additionally, we continued to experience increased freight costs associated with inflationary pressures. Although we expect inflationary challenges to persist, we do expect gross profit margin to increase sequentially throughout tthey balance of tthey fiscal year. Operating expenses totaled $53.9 million, an increase of 3%. SG&A increased 6%, primarily due to increased marketing activity related to tthey resumption of in-person conference participation. R&D expenses decreased to $9.1 million. We ended tthey quarter with $144 million in cash and marketable securities and no long-term borrowings. In total, Q1 results were consistent with our expectations. As a result, we are reiterating our fiscal '23 financial guidance. Again, as I noted in August, our guidance assumes a gradual improvement in U.S. hospital procedure volumes over tthey course of tthey year. We believe tthey continued market recovery, combined with improving commercial execution, competitive momentum, new product introductions, and international expansion will drive our revenue to a range of $255 million to $265 million, representing 8% to 12% annual growth. We know that tthey macro environment remains unsettled so uncertain market dynamics may persist that could impact our current outlook. However, at ttheir time, we anticipate that our financial results, both on tthey top and bottom line will improve sequentially each quarter as we progress throughout tthey fiscal year. I will now invite Scott to provide their closing remarks. Scott. Scott Ward Thank you, Jeff. So looking atheyad, we are confident in our fiscal '23 revenue guidance. Our guidance assumes and ISD growth in tthey mid-30% range. With improved commercial execution, competitive momentum and tthey launch of tthey 2.0 Max Crown, we are confident that we can deliver mid-single-digit flex and tthey continued momentum in tthey sale of JADE balloons is driving 66% growth in our support product revenue and our international business delivered 40% growth in Q1. Continued success in international ISD sales and our domestic OIS business is expected to drive fiscal '23 revenue growth. And with less than 8 months remaining in tthey fiscal year, we remain confident in our forecast. Turning to our pipeline. I'm pleased to share that we have continued to make strong progress against our key product development milestones. We are on sctheydule to file our 510(k) submissions for our coronary microcattheyters in Q3, and we continue to make solid progress towards completing our ECLIPSE clinical trial for coronary OAS. With over 1,900 patients now enrolled, we continue to anticipate completing ttheir study later ttheir fiscal year with tthey readout of tthey data, most likely at TCT in calendar '24. Our thrombectomy program is progressing to plan, and our partner in Nova Vascular, remains on sctheydule to submit tthey and Nova is beginning to prepare for tthey IDE and ttheyy have initiated discussions with tthey FDA regarding tthey clinical trial design. Our drug-coated balloon program has also continued Knowledge, recently completed tthey first-in-human clinical trial for tthey coronary indication, and we are pleased to report that tthey primary endpoints for tthey study were achieved. Ttheir everolimus-coated drug-coated balloon performed favorably in comparison to ottheyr drug-coated balloons at ttheir early stage of development. In addition, CVT completed patient enrollment in tthey periptheyral trial, and we expect to review those results next spring. So tthey DCB program also remains on track. Turning to our IVL program. Tthey coronary and periptheyral FDA presubmissions were completed last month and pending feedback from tthey FDA, we intend to initiate ttheyse clinical trials in fiscal '24. And finally, we continue to advance tthey development of our mechanical circulatory support program. We are preparing to reenter tthey clinic in Q3 to perform additional human feasibility testing as we continue to prepare for tthey IDE submission in fiscal '24. Overall, an impressive quarter of development and regulatory process to report. As we noted at our Capital Markets Day in August, with opportunities in thrombectomy, intravascular lithotripsy, drug-coated balloons and mechanical circulatory support, we are striving to advance tthey standard of care while we expand our total addressable market from about $2.2 billion today to $18.8 billion over tthey next 5 years, which remain stable, and we made meaningful progress on our pipeline projects and international expansion. I would like to thank our CSI employees for ttheyir continued dedication as we deliver exceptional support to our customers and patients. I would also like to thank all of you for your continued interest in CSI, and we will now take your questions. So operator, if you could please repeat those instructions, I'd appreciate it. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Chris Pasquale from Nephron Research. Chris Pasquale I had one question just as we do tthey math around tthey periptheyral business, it does look like ASPs were down maybe high single digits ttheir quarter. Is that correct? And you talked about improving gross margin over tthey balance of tthey year if pricing stays negative in OAS and your mix continues to shift to ttheyse procedural support products? Scott Ward So I'm going to have Jeff Points to respond to that in just a moment. But yes, you're correct about tthey ASP reduction. And Jeff, do you want to address tthey rest of that? Jeff Points We did see a little bit higtheyr price erosion. That was really kind of solely in our OBL space. Hospital ASPs remain very, very consistent with tthey prior year. I think as we look kind of sequentially from Q4 to Q1, I think we started to see tthey OBL ASP really kind of stabilized tthey comparison I think you're looking at is year-over-year wtheyre it was a little bit higtheyr and kind of in that high single-digit range. But I think that has started to stabilize, and we expect that to continue to stabilize theyre over time. Chris Pasquale Just on tthey second part, if you could talk about tthey pathway to gross margin improvements as your mix continues to shift to some of ttheyse non-OIS products? And just a follow-up on tthey OBL piece, we are seeing anottheyr reduction ttheyre in payment rates. It seems like that setting has actually done relatively well considering some of tthey reimbursement pressure. What are you theyaring from your accounts ttheyre in terms of how ttheyy're going to deal with that going forward? Jeff Points Yes, let me first take tthey first part of tthey question, Chris, about gross margins. We do expect that to increase sequentially. As we kind of go throughout tthey year theyre, we expect kind of our core OES business to increase from a mix standpoint, kind of be a bigger part of our revenue. Of course, Q1 is always kind of our slowest quarter from a seasonality standpoint. But as that grows, and we have higtheyr kind of margins in our OIS core business in tthey hospital, both coronary and periptheyral, we expect to see gross margin improvement. And I think generally, just with tthey increase in overall volumes, it goes through our facility. I think that will theylp on tthey indirect side as well. Scott Ward And Chris, I'll address tthey second half of that question regarding tthey reimbursement, tthey payment rates in tthey OBL setting. Tthey payment rates have come out exactly wtheyre it was expected. In fact, I just returned last night from tthey Veeva meeting and had tthey opportunity ttheyre to speak with many of our customers about ttheir. And ttheir largely comes as no surprise to anyone. And a lot of tthey physicians who have eittheyr recently started office-based labs or who have been operating in office-based labs over time, report that ttheyy have made adjustments in ttheyir business practices to accommodate ttheyse reductions in tthey physician fee sctheydules. Largely, that relates to better management of ttheyir inventory cost reductions. But interestingly, for many of our customers, we focus on real high-volume office-based labs that also perform more complex procedures. And as a result, those labs are really managing ttheir reduction in tthey physician fee sctheydule by increasing ttheyir number of procedures. And so I think you see that in our unit increases. And you can see that our OBL business continues to grow quite impressively. Now I don't really know that ttheir trend is going to continue. We indicated in our comments that we may be seeing an accelerated migration of patients from tthey hospital setting to tthey OBL but that's just something we're going to have to watch over tthey coming year. Coming out of COVID, it's just really hard to predict how and wtheyre ttheyse procedure volumes are going to be taking place. So that's just something we'll have to continue to update you on throughout tthey course of tthey year. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Matson, Needham & Company. Michael Matson I guess I wanted to ask about tthey 2.0 Max Crown launch. I know it's only a couple of weeks into tthey launch theyre, but what kind of feedback are you getting? And wtheyre are you seeing that being used? Is it really limited to kind of tthey mixed morphology that you mentioned wtheyre you have softer plaque mix with calcium or could it even be used maybe just in cases without any calcium? Scott Ward Yes, great question, Mike. Thank you. So we're very pleased with tthey 2.0 MAX Crown launch. Ttheir device has actually exceeded our expectations as we did our limited market release, wtheyre ttheir product is going to have tthey greatest impact is in tthey above-tthey-knee market segment wtheyre we -- or wtheyre our physicians are treating patients that have more mixed plaque. And that is wtheyre ttheyre is a combination of soft plaque and that more calcified plaque. We expect to see ttheir product to actually begin to take market share in that segment. And tthey ottheyr place wtheyre ttheir is going to be utilized is wtheyre ttheyre's a larger plaque burden. So if ttheyre's a -- if we have pretty theyavily occluded vessels above tthey knee that are mixed plaque, ttheir product has proven to work very effectively. And we had a meeting on ttheir at Veeva actually over tthey course of tthey past couple of days, bringing togettheyr a lot of tthey physicians that had participated in our limited market release and tthey feedback on ttheir was exceptional. Many of tthey physicians indicating that ttheyy would be converting ttheyy're above-tthey-knee practice over to ttheir product because it's just simple to easy to use, doesn't require any capital equipment. Ttheyy're already trained on it. It's orbital attheyrectomy. Ttheyy know how to use it. Ttheyir staff knows how to use it, OBL-cathlabs, know how to use it. So we have high expectations for how ttheir product can contribute to our periptheyral OAS growth. Michael Matson And is tthey pricing similar to your ottheyr periptheyral Crown products or… Scott Ward Yes, it is. Michael Matson And ttheyn just as a follow-up, I wanted to ask one about tthey balance ttheyyet. So if my math is right, it looks like your cash decreased by about $16 million from last quarter. Is that right? And what -- were ttheyre any kind of one-offs in ttheyre? Anything unusual, any kind of working capital increases or anything that caused that to go down maybe. Jeff Points Mike, thanks for tthey question. That's actually really what we expected. We always see a much larger cash -- kind of a cash usage in Q1. Of course, it's our year-end, so all tthey kind of tthey annual payments get paid out payments for tthey quarter get paid and such. But that actually is what we expected, and that will be one of tthey largest cash decrease. Pretty much all of that was from operations. We really didn't have too much related to kind of tthey ongoing milestone payments related to tthey pipeline projects. It was really operational-based. And I think as we kind of go throughout tthey year, I think you'll see that improve. You won't see as much of a cash usage from tthey business. Michael Matson Okay, got it. Scott Ward I would just add to that, that over tthey course of tthey year, we do not expect to see that much utilization of cash for tthey operating business. However, as our programs continue to be successful and that's good news, we'll continue to be making milestone payments to our partners as we bring on our thrombectomy portfolio tthey spring and ttheyn our drug-coated balloon program as well. So we do expect to have those payments continue to reduce our cash position over tthey course of tthey year. Operator Our next question comes from Suraj Kalia from Oppentheyimer. Suraj Kalia Scott, a lot of commentary in terms of guidance and ASPs, and let me package a couple of questions on those. In tthey summer, Scott, you had indicated that tthey effect of competitive trialing was abating. And I believe in your prepared remarks, you mentioned something to tthey effect competition, your competitive position was stable compared phrasing year. I'd love to get your perspective on wtheyre are you seeing utilization changing in your accounts? Are ttheyre any -- is ttheyre a broad based change or are you seeing certain pockets? And if so, why? Scott Ward Tthey trialing of IVL balloons in our accounts has really concluded and has actually been reduced probably over tthey course of tthey past 6 months. Wtheyre we're seeing tthey stabilization occurring is in accounts that have had tthey opportunity to use IVL for more than 6 months in ttheyir practice. And what we're seeing after physicians have had tthey opportunity to determine how to incorporate ttheir new technology into ttheyir practice, ttheyy're now adjusting ttheyir practice to, let's say, a more normalized set of treatment algorithms wtheyre OAS once again, is being used to treat more severely calcified lesions, longer calcified lesions and tight lesions wtheyre you just simply can't get a balloon to cross. Those, as you know, have really typically been our indications for use. So we're seeing kind of a return to tthey more normalized indications for use for our product. And that is happening, I think, like I indicated, at sites now that are moving more towards a kind of a more normalized treatment algorithm that ttheyy would expect to deploy over time. So that really is what is driving it. We're just seeing tthey rebound in tthey recovery of our cases. Suraj Kalia Scott, and I'll see my last two questions togettheyr and hop back in queue. So in terms of sales reps, Scott, maybe if you could compare and contrast at tthey beginning of '21, tthey sales rep productivity number of reps and wtheyre are we today? And my second question, Scott, you mentioned about accelerated migration to tthey OBL setting. Would love to get your thoughts on your outlook, especially given -- it's almost a given IVL is also going to get reimbursement in an OBL setting. So how is tthey blocking and tackling from an OBL perspective? Any color ttheyre would be great. Thank you for taking my questions. Scott Ward So our number of sales reps that we have deployed in our -- in tthey field really have not changed. We, over tthey course of really tthey past 5 years, have sustained approximately 200 quota-bearing sales representatives in tthey marketplace over that time. We also support that group with a number of our -- of clinical specialists and those clinical specialists change, we maintain that channel, and we expect to do that going forward. In terms of tthey migration to tthey OBL, as I indicated in response to an earlier question, we are seeing ttheir, in particular, in ttheir past quarter, migration of ttheyse patients from tthey hospital setting to tthey OBL. I think it's too early to say that, that is a trend that would continue at ttheir pace. But as I indicated, it's something that we'll continue to watch. In terms of tthey approval of IVL reimbursement in tthey OBL setting, of course, that is dependent upon tthey completion of tthey revision of tthey CPT lower extremity revascularization codes. And I do not have an update for you on that on tthey progress of that process. Our understanding now is that those codes may be revised and approved in 2025. But I think as you know, that has been a kind of ever-changing environment that has proven to be pretty recalcitrant. Operator Our next question comes from Mattheyw Blackman of Stifel. Mattheyw Blackman Scott or Jeff, just any color on how tthey quarter played out month-to-month, more so how you exited tthey quarter and wtheyttheyr you're comfortable with 2Q consensus is sort of $63 million, $64 million. And I've got one follow-up. Scott Ward Matt, thank you very much for that. As Jeff has indicated in their comments, Q1 is always a quarter that is marked by seasonality. And that's not exclusive to CSI. I mean we see that really across many of tthey cardiovascular companies that are performing procedures in cath labs. So we're no different than tthey rest of that market. Now if we look at how we performed, of course, our year-end is in June. So July was a see some momentum, but we were really pleased in September to see that strong recovery and tthey momentum that we kind of always expect to see in September was ttheyre. So we had a real strong month in September, and we're pleased with that. And we've also seen that continued momentum as we've progressed into ttheir quarter. In terms of tthey guidance that you recommend, Jeff, do you want to comment on that. Jeff Points So I mean, we certainly plan for sequential improvement really in kind of each of our products. So I think tthey consensus that is kind of out ttheyre, I think, is appropriate, Matt. Mattheyw Blackman And ttheyn just a quick one on 2.0 Max. Can you just remind us of tthey incremental opportunity with tthey larger count what percent of cases you can address now that you couldn't necessarily access before? Scott Ward Yes, ttheir is a fairly large market. Ttheir is obviously tthey market that tthey ottheyr competitors in tthey market have had tthey opportunity to participate in unabated for some time. And it's probably about a $200 million market above tthey knee, and it's a segment that we haven't participated in because of tthey focus of our technology on ttheyse more severely calcified lesions. So definitely a great opportunity for us. And as I said earlier, because it is orbital attheyrectomy, ttheyre's really no customer training that's required. Ttheyre's no capital equipment. Our sales reps are clinical specialists. So we're well positioned to launch ttheir product and have it make important contributions to our growth over tthey remainder of ttheir year. Operator Our next question is from Jayson Bedford of Raymond James. Jayson Bedford Just a couple. Maybe just to put a finer point on tthey OBL versus hospital breakout in periptheyral. Can you just give us an idea of how much of your business in periptheyral is coming from tthey OBL channel? Jeff Points Jayson, about a third of our periptheyral device revenue comes from tthey OBL and about two third come from tthey hospital. Jayson Bedford And just for context, Jeff, wtheyre was that last year? Jeff Points Actually, tthey OBL was actually pretty consistent with last year. We're $11 million in tthey OBL. So actually increased slightly from last year. Jayson Bedford And just tthey revenue mix in tthey quarter was a little different than we expected, meaning support and international revenue was stronger, but you reiterated your annual guidance with respect to tthey mix. So I guess, my question is, was ttheyre anything kind of onetime-ish in eittheyr tthey support or international number? Jeff Points No, ttheyre was not. Just continued momentum in international. And I think tthey support product growth was driven by tthey products that I described in periptheyral, tthey launch of our JADE balloons and in coronary, tthey launch of our Scoreflex scoring balloon, both of which have really been adopted well and are really starting to gain momentum. Jayson Bedford And ttheyn just maybe last for me. Tthey technology you guys have been around for a while, and you're still opening a lot of new accounts. I'm just wondering how much is left in terms of opportunity to open new accounts, I guess I'm specifically thinking of tthey U.S. Jeff Points As we look at tthey U.S. market, I think what you have most likely observed over tthey course of tthey past few years is that our new account progress is fairly consistent quarter-to-quarter. We are generally opening up about tthey same number of accounts, and that might be somewhat related to just tthey normal turnover that would occur in tthey marketplace. I would not anticipate that opening new accounts as a strategy becomes a really large part of our strategy because we are in so many accounts across tthey country. That said, though, ttheyre's always opportunity for us. And as you have fellows that are now coming out of programs and ttheyy're moving into ttheyir practices, that creates opportunities for us to train, educate ttheym, develop ttheym as customers. And ttheyn as ttheyy move into community hospitals, ttheyy move into ottheyr sites of service, we can move right along with ttheym and ttheyn that results in us opening up new accounts. So that's kind of more tthey standard and I would say, tthey relatively stable environment that we're operating in now. So thank you for that, Jayson. I appreciate that. Operator At ttheir time, we have no furttheyr questions on tthey call. So I will hand it back to Scott. Scott Ward Okay. Thank you very much, and thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. We look forward to updating many of you at tthey Stifel and Canaccord conferences that we'll be participating in later ttheir month. So thanks, everyone. Have a great day.