Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. (CSII) Q2 2021 Results Conference Call February 3, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants  Jack Nielsen - Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Scott Ward - Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer  Rhonda Robb - Chief Operating Officer  Jeff Points - Chief Financial Officer  Ryan Egeland - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Matson - Needham Chris Pasquale - Guggentheyim Andrew Antalffy - SVB Leerink Mattheyw Blackman - Stifel Suraj Kalia - Oppentheyimer Jayson Bedford - Raymon James Kenneth Kaczor - William Blair Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. Fiscal Year 2021 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Jack Nielsen, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Thank you. And please go atheyad. Jack Nielsen Thank you, Chris. Good afternoon, and welcome to our fiscal 2021 second quarter conference call. With me today are Scott Ward, CSI Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer; Rhonda Robb, Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Points, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Ryan Egeland, Chief Medical Officer. Approximately 30 minutes ago, we issued a press release announcing second quarter results. You may find a copy of ttheir release on tthey Investor Relations section of our corporate website. Here, you may also find an earnings supplement that includes additional details on our performance and outlook. In a few moments, CSI management will discuss results for our second quarter, which ended on December 31, 2020. After our prepared remarks, we will entertain your questions. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are covered under tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include statements regarding CSI's future financial and operating results or ottheyr statements that are not theirtorical facts. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to certain risks and uncertainties, including those described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. In particular, tthey COVID-19 pandemic has created risks and uncertainties for our business, results of operation, financial condition and prospects, which we will discuss on ttheir call. CSI disclaims any duty to update or revise our forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, developments or ottheyrwise. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures because we believe ttheyy provide useful information for our investors. Today's press release contains a reconciliation table to GAAP results. I will now turn tthey call over to Scott Ward. Scott Ward Thank you, Jack. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. I hope that you and your families are successfully navigating through ttheir pandemic. Ttheir afternoon, we reported that our second quarter revenue grew 6% sequentially to $64.2 million. Tthey surge in COVID cases and increased ICU demand began to negatively impact our procedures during tthey final weeks of December. And as a result, our revenue finittheyyd slightly below tthey midpoint of our guidance range. Considering tthey unprecedented spike in hospital admissions, we are really pleased with ttheyse results and I am proud of our team's focused support of our customers and patients, especially under ttheyse extreme conditions. During tthey second quarter, COVID continued to have an asymmetric impact across tthey U.S. mainly impacting semi-elective procedures like tthey above-tthey-knee and claudicant segment of tthey periptheyral markets, while tthey non-elective procedures including critical limb isctheymia and coronary have been more resilient. Ttheir trend has continued into January, and as a result, we expect our Q3 revenue to be down sequentially, but about in line with last year. Even though we expect tthey pandemic to negatively impact our sales in Q3. We remain optimistic about calendar 2021. And we expect our business to ramp sequentially throughout tthey coming year. We have continued to invest in our product pipeline. And we are excited about near-term opportunities, like our periptheyral balloons, and tthey WIRION embolic protection device, as well as tthey longer term opportunities like our theymodynamic pump, and now our drug-coated balloon portfolio. So ttheir afternoon we will update you on how we are managing our business in ttheir environment. Rhonda will provide commercial highlights and our Chief Medical Officer Dr. Ryan Egeland will discuss our recent announcement to partner with CVT on tthey development of drug-coated balloons for coronary and periptheyral artery disease. But first, Jeff will provide you with details regarding our financial results and our third quarter guidance. Jeff? Jeff Points Thank you, Scott. And good afternoon, everyone. First, I would like to point out that today, we introduced several new slides and financial details in our updated quarterly earnings supplement, which can be found on our Investor Relations site. We believe ttheyse new slides will theylp enhance your understanding of tthey business. I will now provide a brief review of our Q2 financial results. Some additional revenue color includes domestic periptheyral franctheire revenue of $43.9 million increased 2.3% sequentially led by continued strong growth in office-based labs. Tthey domestic coronary revenue increased 13.1% sequentially to $18 million led by strong unit growth and steady ASPs. In addition, revenue from coronary interventional support devices increased 14.1% to $2.2 million. And finally, international revenue increased 32% sequentially to $2.3 million.  Turning to expenses, gross profit margin came in as expected at 78.3%. Operating expenses of just under $50 million, or more than $8 million, lower than last year. As we have throughout tthey pandemic, we are managing our expenses and targeting to maintain breakeven operating cash flow until tthey pandemic subsides. Tthey sequential improvement in revenue combined with our strong and stable growth margins, and lower operating expenses allowed us to deliver near breakeven profitability and generate $5.2 million of adjusted EBITDA. On tthey balance ttheyyet, we ended tthey quarter with $225 million in cash and marketable securities, and no long-term borrowings. As I move to our expectations for Q3, please note that tthey resurgence and new COVID cases and increased hospitalizations in large parts of tthey U.S. make forecasting near-term results more difficult. Although we expect tthey availability of vaccines will eventually have a favorable impact on tthey theyalthcare system, it's difficult to predict how tthey pace of vaccinations will proceed and what impact ttheir will have on our business in tthey short-term. Please note that our Q3 guidance considers ttheyse and ottheyr factors. Revenues through tthey first half of tthey fiscal year have been at approximately 94% of prior year levels. Our Q3 revenue guidance of $60 million to $65 million represents approximately 98% to 106% of our Q3 revenue one year ago. On tthey expense side, gross margins are expected to be in tthey 77% to 78% range. Operating expenses are forecasted to be in a range of $52 million to $54 million. Ttheir represents a 4% to 8% increase compared to Q2 and is primarily related to tthey timing of various project and study expenses, product launch and sales training expenses associated with a series of periptheyral products we plan to launch in tthey second half of tthey fiscal year and increased payroll taxes.  Compared to third quarter last year, we expect a nominal increase in operating expenses of 1% to 4%, primarily due to project and study timing along with tthey product launch and sales training expenses. On tthey bottom-line, we anticipate a Q3 net loss of $3.5 million to $6 million and to generate near neutral adjusted EBITDA. I will now turn tthey call over to Rhonda, who will discuss our commercial developments. Rhonda? Rhonda Robb Thank you, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I would like to start with some additional color as to how we're managing through tthey resurgence of COVID-19 with a variation of impactors by franctheire and by site of service. In Q2, our domestic periptheyral business increased 2% versus last quarter and decreased 7% compared to last year. Notably, performance was impacted differently by site of service. OBL revenue accounted for 32% of our periptheyral business and yielded an increase of 13% versus Q1 and was also up 1% versus last year. Tthey OBL site of service continues to be more resilient due to improved patient access, lower patient anxiety and tthey absence of restrictions on elective procedures.  Increased COVID-related hospitalizations during Q2 impacted tthey claudicant segment of our hospital periptheyral business tthey most, declining 2% sequentially from Q1 and 12% year-over-year. In December, increases in ICU bed utilization and subsequent decreases in elective procedural capacity and staffing resulted in delayed outpatient and elective procedures for many claudicant patients. Complex patients like our CLI patients are continuing to be treated in tthey hospital setting, and hospitals are seeing more and more advanced disease from patients that have eittheyr been deferred or have been waiting on tthey sidelines. Our doctor and adviser ctheycks do expect a rapid rebound in elective procedures and treatment of advanced disease during tthey next recovery period wtheyn it occurs.  In tthey hospital setting, we did see continued adoption and growth of our Exchangeable platform, wtheyre purchase of an extra cartridge for multilevel disease remains at nearly 20% of our Exchangeable unit volume. Consistent with prior quarters, physicians are increasingly providing full leg revascularization in one procedure, and we continue to achieve a meaningful ASP uplift to capture tthey value in ttheir important innovation as well as extra revenue per case wtheyn a second cartridge is used. Tthey strength of our periptheyral portfolio and channel competitiveness are key to CSI, holding our market share leadership position in periptheyral despite increased competition. Coronary revenue increased 13% versus Q1, which, as you recall, increased 63% sequentially compared to Q4. Ttheir continued strength resulted from hospital protocols in place to prioritize patients, increased referrals to treat complex patients at higtheyr volume centers wtheyre CSI is present, tthey continued ability for tthey referral channel to process patients and increased ability for hospitals to perform OAS procedures with same-day discharge. Our sales channel is considered essential in supporting ttheyse cases, and our reps have been able to continue to focus on building furttheyr penetration of OAS in existing and in new accounts. Ttheir is a growth driver to build upon our user base for tthey treatment of advanced disease and adoption of OAS. In addition, we continue to make great progress bringing value to tthey cases wtheyre OAS is used and expanding tthey patients we are able to treat with tthey more diverse and unique portfolio of ISDs for complex patients with tthey Sapphire 1.0 millimeter balloon and Teleport microcattheyter. Tthey sale of ttheyse products in Q2 continued to generate incremental revenue of $542 for every coronary OAS device sold. Ttheir is four quarters in a row now wtheyre we have had stable revenue per case above $500 per OAS despite COVID. Tthey combination of increased procedure volumes and strong ISD sales resulted in U.S. coronary revenues at about 97% compared to last year. Turning to international. International revenues improved 32% over Q1 to reach $2.3 million, with Japan continuing to be tthey major growth driver. In Japan, we now estimate CSI market share to be over 40%. I'll close with some key events for us in tthey second half of fiscal '21. In Q2, we restarted enrollment in ECLIPSE, our 2,000 patient randomized clinical trial in coronary. We expect enrollment to progress at a modest pace until COVID is behind us, and we are so thankful to our investigators and coordinators that are committed to seeing ttheir trial through despite a challenging enrollment year. We are equally encouraged by evolving practices for increased imaging and calcium characterization. For example, to better identify long lesions, theyavily-stenosed lesions and lesions with nodules, ttheir benefits CSI in tthey identification of severe calcium that only CSI can treat. In our second half, we plan to launch a series of periptheyral products which will expand our periptheyral interventional support devices considerably and add meaningful revenue per case. Ttheyse products include our WIRION embolic protection device, a full line of periptheyral angioplasty balloons and additional periptheyral cattheyters. Tthey successful launch of ttheyse products is expected to be an important growth driver in our second half and in tthey years to come. As you know, in about 2 years, we captured over 50% of tthey incremental revenue opportunity per case in coronary, now selling over $500 of balloons and microcattheyters for every OAS sold.  In periptheyral, tthey revenue opportunity for case for balloons and cattheyters is about $800, and we continue to believe that we can capture roughly 50% of that opportunity over a similar time frame. But in periptheyral, we sell 4 times as many OAS devices, so tthey total revenue opportunity is substantially higtheyr. In addition, we believe we can capture meaningful share with our WIRION embolic protection system to be launctheyd in Q4. Today, ttheyre are about 55,000 EPDs sold annually in tthey U.S. at an ASP of about $1,000 and an estimated one-third of above-tthey-knee attheyrectomy cases utilize an embolic protection device today. Tthey sale of ttheyse devices will theylp us drive additional revenue even wtheyn orbital attheyrectomy isn't tthey primary ttheyrapy as WIRION can be used with any attheyrectomy device.  As we theyaded into Q3, our collaboration with tthey American Diabetes Association is now ramping up. Just last week, on January 27, we sponsored tthey ADA’s PAD roundtable event entitled: Policy Solutions to Prevent Amputations in tthey United States, and that was attended by over 50 different medical society and theyalthcare organization representatives involved in PAD and diabetes care. Dr. Ryan Egeland and Dr. Foluso Fakorede were speakers at tthey event providing information on diabetes, chronic limb-threatening isctheymia, modern revascularization capabilities and amputations, while also highlighting policy opportunities to prevent amputations like those included in Congressman Payne’s Amputation Reduction and Compassion Act. Later ttheir quarter, we will also partner with tthey ADA on a clinician event with ttheyir diabetes physician network to better educate those on tthey front lines of diabetes care around PAD, diagnosis and referral to skilled physicians who can theylp prevent amputation. Turning to international. We now have CE Mark for our coronary Diamondback device, and first cases will begin in our Q3. We anticipate Europe will be -- will continue to be impacted by COVID. As a result, ttheir will be a very deliberate launch as we train and educate remotely until travel may resume. As stated previously, we are targeting sites that already have experience in treating severe calcium and have tthey patient flow and structure to adopt OAS quickly. And finally, we continue to plan for first-in-human experience for our pVAD, now targeted for our fiscal year '22. As we stated previously, COVID-19 and ottheyr factors could result in timeline changes. And indeed, COVID has impacted our ability to complete some product builds and some of tthey testing required in tthey time frame that had previously been contemplated. We are making solid progress, and we continue to have productive and regular interactions with tthey FDA on our path to EFS. Our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Ryan Egeland, will now address our recent investment in CVT. Ryan? Ryan Egeland  Thank you, Rhonda. As Scott mentioned, CSI has entered a partnership with Chansu Vascular Technologies or CVT, to develop an everolimus based drug-coated balloon portfolio. Tthey partnership will bring togettheyr CSI's market leadership in tthey treatment of calcified attheyrosclerotic lesions treatment of calcified attheyrosclerotic lesions with Dr. Philippe Marco, a respected and experienced pioneer in tthey development of multiple drug-coated devices. Having personal experience working with Dr. Marco and their team on past drug-device combination programs, we were able to rapidly recognize and validate CVT's technical platform, development team and entrepreneurial experience.  We're confident ttheir is a very efficient approach to enter tthey DCB market. DCBs are, of course, a widely-accepted percutaneous interventional treatment option for above-tthey-knee lesions in patients with periptheyral arterial disease and are increasingly recognized for ttheyir potential in complex coronary artery disease, including ttheyir use for instant restenosis, small vessel and bifurcated lesions. In all ttheyse applications, DCBs offer tthey potential for sustained anti-restenotic efficacy without tthey limitations of permanent implants. Everolimus, tthey active drug in CVT's DCB formulation acts as a cytostatic agent to reduce tissue hyperplasia and associated restenosis and has a proven theirtory of safety and efficacy in coronary drug-eluting stent applications. Under tthey terms of tthey agreement signed with CVT, CSI will provide milestone-based financing to CVT for tthey development of tthey DCBs. Following CVT's completion of key technical and clinical milestones, CSI will have exclusive rights and obligations to acquire CVT. In short, we're excited to add everolimus DCBs to our product portfolio. Ttheir program will bring new products to our customers and affirms our mission to enhance treatment options for patients with tthey most advanced forms of periptheyral and coronary artery disease. I'll now turn tthey call over to Scott for their closing remarks. Scott Ward Thank you, Ryan. We are excited about tthey CVT partnership, working with CVT and Dr. Marco will enable CSI to build a new core competency in a new DCB product platform that will be sold through our current sales force and to our current customers. Before we get to your questions, I will offer my thoughts regarding our guidance and outlook for tthey rest of ttheir calendar year. As I stated earlier, based upon our quarter-to-date experience, we expect that our Q3 revenue of $60 million to $65 million may be slightly down sequentially, but essentially in line with last year. Ttheir guidance recognizes that tthey recent surge of COVID cases has negatively impacted our procedure volumes in January, and we expect tthey COVID theyadwinds to continue into early February, with procedures rebounding and steadily improving in tthey spring as COVID cases decline and vaccination rates increase. It is important to note that we are not expecting any new resurgence in COVID cases due to a new variant of tthey virus or some ottheyr cause. COVID makes it difficult to precisely forecast our business in tthey near term. But as we look to 2021, we are enthusiastic about our growth potential as we leverage advancements in our core product offering, drive higtheyr revenue per procedure and resume our international expansion plans. Prior to COVID, we had just launctheyd our next-generation coronary and periptheyral attheyrectomy devices, including Exchangeable, Radial and Diamondback with GlideAssist. Ttheyse products were just beginning to gain traction before tthey pandemic hit, and we are confident that ttheyy will propel our company to double-digit growth in our core business as normal operations resume.  We will supplement ttheir growth by driving higtheyr revenue per procedure through tthey sale of angioplasty balloons, guidewires and microcattheyters. Over tthey past 2 years, we have made great progress with tthey sale of ttheyse products in coronary. And as Rhonda just described, next quarter, we will launch our WIRION embolic protection device and an innovate line of periptheyral support products to a substantially larger number of OAS customers. Finally, we expect to resume international expansion in 2021. Orbital attheyrectomy is tthey market leader in tthey United States. We have quickly captured over 40% market share in Japan, tthey number 2 market. And now we have received CE Mark for our coronary device in Europe, tthey third largest market. We have confidence that OAS will gain share in markets wtheyre attheyrectomy is used, and we are committed to introducing our technology to physicians around tthey world.  For tthey past few years, we have been pointing to fiscal '21 as an inflection point for CSI, wtheyre we would move beyond low double-digit revenue growth. I'm pleased to tell you that COVID has only paused our growth trajectory. As we emerge from tthey grips of ttheir pandemic, tthey drivers of our strategy remain intact, and we are poised to accelerate growth and improve profitability beginning in tthey latter half of ttheir calendar year. For those of you on tthey call, we appreciate your continued interest in CSI, and we will now take your questions. Chris, would you please repeat tthey instructions? Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Michael Matson with Needham. Michael Matson  I guess I will start with tthey DCB agreement. I was just wondering if you could give us any insight to tthey sort of timing theyre. Wtheyn do you expect sort of first-in-human trials for ttheyse products or tthey periptheyral and coronary balloon is going to be developed in parallel, et cetera? Scott Ward  Yes. Thanks, Mike. I think I'll have Ryan Egeland take that question. Ryan? Ryan Egeland  Yes. Thanks, Mike. Well, I think it's important to recognize tthey first step in tthey program is obviously tthey identification of a drug formulation. And of course, as I mentioned, we're confident that CVT's plans to pursue tthey everolimus formulation are compelling in ttheir regard. With respect to milestones, we do anticipate reaching first-in-human for both tthey periptheyral and coronary indications in calendar '23. And ultimately, we're working with CVT to optimize those time lines in both programs. Michael Matson  Okay. And ttheyn I guess I'll ask about tthey Exchangeable product. Rhonda, I think you commented on tthey progress ttheyre, tthey adoption of that, but you mentioned 20%, but I was confused what that 20% meant. Does that mean it's being used in 20% of your periptheyral cases or? Rhonda Robb Yes. Thanks for tthey question. We're pretty excited about tthey progress, particularly now wtheyre physicians are dealing with more complex disease, that have disease along ttheyir entire leg, multiple vessels, and so that has really been a driver for us as physicians want to get patients in and out in a single day. And that's what patients want. And tthey number I referred to was 20%, and that was tthey use of tthey second cartridge and 20% of tthey exchangeable cases. Michael Matson  Okay. Got it. And ttheyn as tthey support devices continue to grow and become a bigger part of your revenue, how is that going to affect tthey gross margins? I'd imagine ttheyy have lower gross margins because ttheyy're coming from a distribution partner? Scott Ward  Yes. I think actually our -- Mike, our gross margins, as we've said, over tthey course of tthey next few years, we expect to remain in that high 70s range, probably in that 78%, 79% range. Clearly, we have done a great job over tthey course of tthey past few years with our efforts in our manufacturing operations and substantially have been reducing our cost of goods sold, and those efforts continue. We have a lot of room in that still. And as we look at our mix of revenue over time, we think we'll be able to manage that gross margin in that high 70s. Operator Our next question is from Chris Pasquale with Guggentheyim. Chris Pasquale  I appreciate tthey extra detail in tthey presentation, particularly on tthey support devices, which I think really highlights tthey opportunity ttheyre well. A couple of questions related to that piece of tthey business. First, wtheyn do you expect that tthey lineup you need on tthey periptheyral side to really start to gain meaningful traction ttheyre? If we're comparing it to that coronary experience, tthey 2-year ramp you've had ttheyre, wtheyn does that clock start for periptheyral? Scott Ward Yes. Tthey clock for periptheyral will start in our fourth quarter theyre. Actually, over tthey course of tthey next 2 quarters, we'll be launching those products. So I would say that tthey clock probably starts about ttheyn. And as Rhonda mentioned, we have sustained that kind of 500-plus range in coronary now for tthey past 4 quarters. So really, we've got up to that in just about a year's time, maybe a little bit more than that. And that was effectively -- Chris, that's effectively penetrating 50% of tthey potential opportunity if you consider that ttheyre's about $1,000 per case that's available in tthey coronary segment. So as we look at tthey periptheyral segment ttheyn, we have probably $600 to $800 in tthey femoral access portion of that market. As we broaden our opportunities to look at tthey radial opportunities ttheyre, we probably have more like -- ttheyre's a bit of a premium, so we probably have more about $1,200 per case in radial. And ttheyn, of course, we'll also be launching tthey WIRION embolic protection device which really is a bit different, although it will increase our revenue per procedure, it may be used more often in our competitors' procedures. And that device actually is probably going to have an ASP consistent with competition in that $1,000 per device range. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit more detail on how to think about those products and how that will ramp over time. Chris Pasquale  And ttheyn just to correlate to that, you mentioned you guys got to $500 or so per case on tthey coronary side very quickly, but it's kind of flattened out since -- and you still have some theyadroom relative to tthey opportunity you've identified originally ttheyre. Are ttheyre particular product categories wtheyre you're not getting tthey traction that you wanted to or think you need to add something else to tthey bag to move that $500 higtheyr? Or has that been COVID-disruption related?  Scott Ward  I think it's a little bit of a combination of those items, Chris. But actually, we feel pretty good about that penetration rate. We don't expect to get 100% penetration in all of our cases, and we don't expect ttheym to use all of our products in all cases eittheyr. So ttheyre is a limit to wtheyre we think we will take that. Now as we look at coronary in particular, we have a bit of a barrier ttheyre in that we need to go to major hospital settings and IDNs, GPOs, and we have to get on contract, and that takes some time. Now that probably is tthey most important driving factor from a temporal perspective. We will have tthey advantage in periptheyral of tthey fact that we've already addressed some of those contracts and a portion of our business is in tthey office space lab segment, wtheyre we just don't have to deal with those contracts at that same level. So we do think we can penetrate tthey periptheyral segment at least as quickly as coronary and maybe even a little bit faster. Operator Your next question is from Andrew Antalffy with SBV Leerink. Andrew Antalffy  Just to follow-up on Chris' question ttheyre as it relates to wtheyre you are in tthey coronary and tthey attach rate or penetration rate if you -- however is best to look at it. Wtheyre do you think that, that can ultimately go? Sort of how should we be thinking about ttheir? And are ttheyre still more products to add over time that can push tthey revenue per procedure higtheyr in tthey coronary space? Or at what point are you sort of fully penetrated from what's reasonable, thinking about what's reasonable? Scott Ward  Thanks, Andrew. We have actually got a really nice and differentiated product line in coronary. As Rhonda talked about, we have our 1.0 millimeter Sapphire balloon, smallest balloon in tthey market. We've got our Teleport microcattheyter, which is tthey smallest torquable microcattheyter in tthey market. And we have tthey only nitinol Guidewire that can be used with attheyrectomy in tthey market. So we have a -- even though ttheir is a more commodity market, we have really a good differentiated product offering. We intend to bring that same offering to periptheyral.  Now as we look at coronary, I think our ability to increase tthey penetration rate and grow tthey business ttheyre is, at ttheir point, more about opening up some of ttheyse large contracts and getting into large hospitals and into larger segments of our market. So that does take time, and we just have to work with each of ttheyse hospitals. We've got to get basically on contract with ttheym on each of ttheyse accounts. We have a group of individuals that work on that day in and day out, and we are making progress, but that's really tthey most important factor right now that will allow us to continue to increase that penetration. In terms of our revenue per case, we do feel pretty good about that. And ttheir is probably about tthey range that you should think about wtheyn you think about our ability to penetrate periptheyral. I mean if we can penetrate 50% of that periptheyral opportunity over a 2-year time frame, we'll feel really good about that revenue generated. Andrew Antalffy Got it. Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just on tthey international market opportunity, congrats on tthey CE Mark approval in tthey coronary. Scott Ward  Thank you. Andrew Antalffy But just wanted to get a little bit more color on what tthey barriers are to adoption in those countries? Is reimbursement already largely in place? Do you have to go get reimbursement country by country? How should we be thinking about tthey uptake in some of ttheyse larger countries thinking Germany, France, Italy, et cetera? Scott Ward Yes. Yes, thanks, Andrew. I'm going to ask Rhonda to address that. But I'll just say that like everything else in tthey world right now, we are dealt with ttheir unusual circumstance because of tthey COVID-19 crisis, and in particular, tthey way that, that affects Europe. So ttheir is going to be a bit of an unusual market launch and our approach to that will be a bit different. I mean, obviously, we have ttheir unique opportunity in Europe wtheyre we can focus on accounts that are already treating and are already using attheyrectomy. And that's what we'll be doing. But Rhonda, I'll let you take that from ttheyre. Rhonda Robb Yes. Thanks, Andrew, for tthey question. We're really excited to have ttheir approval now in hand and be able to launch. And it's a big opportunity. I mean, we look at our numbers, and we think that ttheyre's a market potential for more than 100,000 attheyrectomy cases to occur, just given kind of tthey PCI rates and tthey rate of severe calcium that exists ttheyre. But as you've noted, tthey penetration of attheyrectomy in Europe is today low, and I think it's for a variety of factors. I certainly think that ttheyre is variable reimbursement by country, so we need to be mindful of that. Ttheyre has been probably not as much of a market development focus as CSI is going to be able to bring ttheyre. I think we're seeing some changes, too, in terms of increases. And I made comments of ttheir in my remarks today, increased imaging is really becoming an important trend in coronary. And in Europe, we're seeing that trend take hold as well. So physicians are seeing things, a lot of calcium that ttheyy hadn't seen previously. So we think our launch comes at a very, very important time, but I think it's multifactorial, and ttheyre are barriers. CSI will break down to capitalize on that opportunity.  But as Scott said, even with 2% penetration in attheyrectomy today in Western Europe, we know tthey sites that are performing ttheyse procedures that have tthey structure and tthey processes to basically get patients referred in and to treat ttheym, and so that's wtheyre we're going to start. Operator Our next question is from Mattheyw Blackman with Stifel. Mattheyw Blackman I've got a couple. And maybe to start for Scott or Jeff, just wanted to sort of reflect on tthey fiscal second quarter. And I'm not sure how willing -- you're willing to go into detail and how sort of tthey quarter progressed, but is ttheyre a way to quantify qualitatively or quantitatively sort of tthey divergence that likely happened in mid-quarter? I assume tthey first half of tthey quarter things on tthey recovery trajectory were tracking well, and ttheyn, of course, we had tthey resurgence. But is ttheyre any way to sort of frame how tthey quarter progressed and how you started tthey quarter versus how you exited tthey quarter? Scott Ward I mean, clearly, as we have pointed out throughout tthey call, Matt, tthey impact on our business was largely towards tthey end of December as we saw ICU capacity decline and some of our hospitals begin implementing restrictions. That's really wtheyre we saw tthey impact. I will go back though and give you just a little bit more color on that. It principally is in our periptheyral segment of our market. And mainly in tthey portion of that market, that is our claudicant patient population. And ttheir population of patients is wtheyre you -- ttheyse procedures are probably considered to be semi-elective, not only by tthey prescribing physicians, but also by tthey patients ttheymselves. So ttheyre's 2 things that play into that. First is that wtheyn we have hospital restrictions and ttheyy begin to slow down some of ttheyse elective and semi-elective procedures, our patients that have -- that are claudicants, obviously can be postponed. Now ttheyy will come back. And we saw that after tthey last event, we saw ttheym bounce back as well. So we do -- we would expect that again. Tthey ottheyr big -- tthey ottheyr factor that influences ttheir as well is that -- is patient confidence. So as patients develop more anxiety, ttheyy will feel that ttheyy can put up with ttheir occasional severe burning pain in ttheyir leg, and maybe ttheyy'll postpone ttheir a little while until tthey crisis passes, and ttheyy do that. Once again, we saw that, that backlog is ultimately addressed, but that ttheyse procedures are postponed. So that was mainly in that second half of December time frame. Now as we look at our coronary business, that coronary pipeline actually has been quite robust and has continued to perform well. So unlike tthey major peaks that we saw in tthey spring wtheyre our coronary business was really impacted, in ttheir second quarter, it has not been. And in fact, it seems that hospitals, and in particular, ttheyse tertiary care centers, have establittheyyd tthey right protocols to assure that ttheyy continue to care for ttheyse more severely affected coronary patients, while ttheyy also care for ttheyir COVID patients.  And ttheyn finally, our CLI patients, which comprises roughly 60% of our periptheyral business, ttheyy continue to be treated on an as-needed basis. I mean if ttheyy are coming in and ttheyre's an ttheyre's an open wound and ttheyy're coming into tthey ERs, ttheyy're being cared for and hospitalized and treated. And we really haven't seen that much of an impact in our CLI business. So hopefully, that gives you just a bit more color. I think right now, tthey majority of tthey impact we see is in that periptheyral in-hospital segment, largely tthey ATK claudicant and patient population. Mattheyw Blackman Okay. I appreciate that color. And my final question and ottheyr coronary support portfolio question and just maybe want to get at it a little bit differently. You've mentioned tthey contracting theyadwinds preventing sort of broader penetration. Is ttheyre a way to frame or theylp us think about what percent of your customer base is using a CAD support product today? Just trying to get a sense of how much meat is left on tthey bone from just getting ttheir into some of ttheyse accounts for contracting may be a theyadwind? Is it still a meaningful opportunity from theyre in terms of tthey number of cases you can get into? Or are we in tthey latter stages? Scott Ward No. I think ttheyre's still meaningful opportunity ttheyre. But like I said, Matt, I don't -- we're at roughly, what, about $540 per case today out of, let's say, a potential of about $1,000 per case. And we might see that continue to improve. I expect that it will, but I don't expect it to occur or to improve at tthey same rate that we've seen up until now. We will get to a point wtheyre we've kind of gotten tthey access to tthey cases that we're going to get, and so we're not going to get to $1,000 per case. We will see continuous improvement over time, but we're going to see that begin to kind of level out and flatten out. And eventually, we'll kind of be balanced at some number in terms of our penetration of ttheyse cases. Operator Our next question is from Suraj Kalia with Oppentheyimer. Suraj Kalia Scott, can you theyar me all right? Scott Ward Yes, we can, Suraj. Thank you. Suraj Kalia Perfect. So Scott, 1 question for you, 1 for Rhonda and 1 for Ryan. I'll take it in that order, if I could. I appreciate tthey fact that you guys might not be competing with IVL in tthey coronary setting. But as you think about tthey perception of IVL versus OAS, how do you plan on an effective messaging, both clinical and economic in tthey coronary settings? Is a theyad-to-theyad study in tthey cards? Scott Ward No. I don't think a theyad-to-theyad study is in tthey cards. I think we, of course, are assuming that IVL will eventually be in tthey market. We do think that tthey IVL technology is going to actually treat a different patient population than what we treat with orbital attheyrectomy. With orbital attheyrectomy, we treat a severe form of calcification. And most of our patients have very long lesions, ttheyy're theyavily-stenosed and oftentimes, probably more than 50% of tthey time, ttheyre's nodules that are present or kind of sabretooths that are present within ttheyse lesions. So that is a patient population that is not well treated with IVLs. And you can go back and you can look at tthey CAD 3-year clinical data and seeing that data that about somewhat over 50% of ttheyir patients could be predilated prior to tthey utilization of an IVL. If you look at our data, about 1.8% of our patients can be predilated. So we're treating a very rare lesion. And generally speaking, we interact with and support customers that are at tertiary care centers. And ttheyse are customers that have been trained, ttheyse are physicians that have gone through fellowship training programs so that ttheyy are skilled in tthey treatment of ttheyse more complex patients. Wtheyre we think tthey IVLs may gain greater adoption is in tthey population of physicians who maybe have not been trained for tthey treatment of ttheyse more severe cases, but who come across calcium on a day-to-day basis in ttheyir regular practice. So I think ttheyre is a pretty meaningful segmentation theyre and as a result, I just -- I don't think that a theyad-to-theyad trial is warranted, unless ttheyre's some new data that comes to light. But wtheyre we're at today, I think that's how we see tthey segmentation of tthey market coming forward. Suraj Kalia Got it. Rhonda, I'll pose you 1 question. What level of preclinical testing has been done on tthey pVAD? Should we expect at least 3.5 liters per minute net florid and a focus on plasma free theymoglobin with a normal threshold? Rhonda Robb Thanks, Suraj. Yes, we haven't disclosed tthey degree of preclinical testing, but I will say we're working very, very closely with tthey FDA to complete all of tthey bench and animal testing and are making very, very, very good progress through all of ttheyir requirements and all of ttheyir protocols. And I missed tthey last part of your question, I'm sorry. Can you repeat that again? Suraj Kalia I'm just curious, can you give us some benchmarks on tthey pVAD? Is it going to be at least 3.5 liters per minute net florids? Scott Ward Yes. Rhonda Robb Yes, it will be. Suraj Kalia Okay. Perfect. Hey, Ryan, I'll just pose tthey last question for you. Is tthey choice for rapamycin analog primarily tthey potential of an improvement in tthey late mortality signal versus paclitaxel? Or was ttheir driven more by theyre is an asset that was available, let's jump in because we know what's going on in paclitaxel. I'm just curious in terms of tthey timing, and please correct me if I'm wrong, ttheir product would not be commercially available until calendar '24, '25. Am I right? Ryan Egeland No, good question, Suraj. So I think your very good question just on tthey active drug component being everolimus. I think we're very confident that tthey ttheyrapeutic window and tthey basic bioctheymistry of that pharmaceutical component has certain advantages over ottheyrs, and we know that, obviously, ttheyre's a longstanding theirtory of safety with that compound. So that did weigh into our calculus, but of course, tthey broader program relies more than just on tthey PAPI. It also includes just tthey formulation, which we talked about. And that leads to kind of tthey timing, as you had asked about, we're anticipating really at ttheir point, first-in-human in calendar '23, and that's what our focus will be with respect to tthey validation of that formulation. Operator Our next question is from Jayson Bedford with Raymond James. Jayson Bedford I have a couple. Scott, I don't want to get too cute with your words theyre, but you mentioned towards tthey end of tthey call that tthey business is poised to accelerate growth and profitability, I think beginning in tthey latter half of ttheir calendar year. So I would have thought you'd see more of an impact in tthey June quarter. So maybe just a clarification on your thoughts on wtheyn you expect revenue growth to accelerate theyre or realize given tthey COVID pandemic? It's fluid, but I'd love a bit more clarity on that. Scott Ward Yes, I think it's really hard to predict. I think we can -- I think as we look at ttheir pandemic, we are assuming that with tthey availability of testing and tthey increased vaccination rates that we will see tthey theyalthcare system recover and return to normal operations in tthey second half of 2021. Now that's not just us saying that, as you know, I think nearly every medtech company that's reported has basically said tthey same thing. And I think if you look at a lot of tthey reports from IHME and ottheyr places, ttheir is wtheyre kind of all of tthey estimates triangulate. I think we do expect to see, as I said, a sequential improvement over time, and that we'll see that actually in our what is our fourth quarter, tthey June quarter, as you referred to. But I think it's still a bit uncertain in terms of how that quarter will shape up. And honestly, that is driven by uncertainty regarding tthey degree of vaccination that happens out ttheyre. And I'll point out as well that as we look at our metrics that we look at are really hospital admissions and ICU bed capacity. And as we look at those 2 metrics, we do see ttheym now really dramatically improving. So I would say that we're cautiously optimistic that we'll see that continue. Tthey ottheyr metric, as I've referred to earlier, which is really important to us, is patient confidence. And wtheyn does that, in particular, periptheyral patient population ttheyre are tthey claudicants, wtheyn do we see a restoration of confidence, a decrease in anxiety in that patient population so that ttheyy will begin to come back into tthey theyalthcare system for care? It is really hard to predict. And we do not have a very solid metric that allows us to get our hands around that. So that's probably more detail than you wanted, but rest assured, we're studying that closely and really trying to assure that we're well-positioned. Ttheir is completely driven by tthey COVID-19 crisis. Ttheir is really what will eittheyr allow us -- will release and allow us to expand and grow more quickly or tthey grips will continue for a while longer, and we'll have a bit more of a longer ramp, completely determined by tthey virus. Jayson Bedford Okay. Okay. Fair enough. Maybe for Jeff, you mentioned that coronary pricing was stable in tthey quarter, but I may have missed any commentary related to periptheyral pricing? Jeff Points Yes. Thanks for tthey question, Jayson. Periptheyral pricing also remained stable. It continued to see kind of that low to mid-single-digit price erosion, a little bit higtheyr than tthey OBL, continued very stable in tthey hospital environment. Jayson Bedford Okay. And ttheyn just a couple of questions on tthey international business. On tthey coronary side, are ttheyre stocking orders tied to tthey CE Mark approval? And ttheyn secondly, what is tthey current size in dollars of tthey coronary attheyrectomy market in Europe? Scott Ward So I'll address tthey first part of that. Ttheyre are not stocking orders related to that launch. And Rhonda, would you want to address tthey second question? Rhonda Robb Yes. We think it's about a $50 million market today. But as I said, it is significantly underpenetrated. So that is -- our mission is to increase that penetration rate and really grow that market significantly. Operator Our last question is from Kenneth Kaczor with William Blair. Kenneth Kaczor A few for me. I wanted to maybe touch on what Jayson just talked about for kind of tthey March quarter and ttheyn tthey June quarter. I know that it's tough to predict, but on tthey same token, what we saw in tthey summer months was a pretty rapid reacceleration in terms of demand as hospitals reopened and such. So maybe some thoughts around that as well as what does guidance assume for March and essentially trying to peg into what does that mean that for tthey potential fiscal fourth quarter as you go into it? Scott Ward Yes. As I indicated, Kenneth, tthey guidance assumes that we will continue to see some theyadwinds from COVID-19 theyre into early February. And ttheyn after that, we'll see a steady ramp of improvement. Now if you look at tthey recent peaking cases that occurred in early January, and generally, it takes about 6 weeks for tthey peaking cases than to clear through tthey hospital system. So that would lead us to say that as we begin to look at tthey end of February, we'll start to see that release, and ttheyn that's wtheyre we would expect to see actually some backlog in our periptheyral business and some uplift in our periptheyral hospital segment, mainly in that portion of our business that is our claudicant patient population. So that's kind of how we're thinking about tthey remainder of ttheir quarter. As we look at next quarter, you may very well be right, and I hope that you are, and ttheyn we'll talk about that next quarter. If ttheyre is a rebound and it is -- tthey pandemic releases and tthey theyalthcare system is very able to deal with it, ttheyn we'll deal with that in our guidance as we talk about fourth quarter in our next earnings call. But I guess I'd like to at least have a amount of time to see how ttheir unfolds over that period of time. Kenneth Kaczor  That makes sense. And I guess maybe tthey follow-up question to that is, in that September quarter of '20, was that more backlog of patients than maybe were already in tthey queue that got puttheyyd out, and ttheir scenario, maybe you don't have as big of a backlog as you did that? Scott Ward Well, I think that's true. I think that's fair, except that we did see in July a backlog of patients that were in our periptheyral segment that were treated. And that, as you described, that happened in that September quarter. So we did see a bit of a backlog ttheyre, and it did come back up. Ttheyse claudicant patients are not loss to tthey system that we -- generally speaking, we know wtheyre ttheyy are. Ttheyy continue to experience pain. Ttheyy have a chronic condition. It won't go away spontaneously. So ttheyy will be treated, and ttheyy will come back in to tthey theyalthcare system for care. So we saw that in that September quarter, we'd expect to see it again late ttheir quarter and probably into next quarter. Kenneth Kaczor  Okay. And ttheyn 2 questions that are maybe longer-term commercial. So with COVID, do you guys see a furttheyr move of volume sustainably into tthey OBL? And are you planning on that? And what impact could it have? And ttheyn tthey second question is, ttheyre's a lot of vascular surgeons right now on tthey sidelines. Unfortunately, ttheyy're not able to treat patients with COVID. Is ttheyre anything incremental that you guys have done commercially that you can provide that maybe drives awareness more or adoption or training of OAS on tthey back end of COVID? Scott Ward Thanks, Kenneth. 2 very good questions. So regarding tthey vascular surgery community, yes, we are focused on that group and offering now very specific medical education programs. And in fact, in tthey midst of tthey COVID-19 crisis, we have been operating a large-scale digital or remote types of training and education programs that include live case trainings and Q&A. And ttheyn we're able to do now both peer-to-peer as well as remote certification of physicians who wish to begin to adopt attheyrectomy. We are seeing tthey vascular surgery community begin to adopt attheyrectomy, both in terms of tthey primary care for ttheyir patients as well as in hybrid procedures wtheyre ttheyy're performing attheyrectomy in addition to tthey surgical procedure. So that is evolving, and we are continuing to support those efforts. It is mainly a customer training and education program at ttheir time, but we're really pleased because we've got some very important key opinion leaders in that space who are now both strong adopters and also strong advocates for tthey treatment of ttheyse patients. In that long explanation, I forgot tthey first question. Kenneth Kaczor Movement in OBL. Scott Ward Yes. Tthey migration to tthey OBL is definitely underway. We have seen that, that had started really tthey past couple of years. And I think that tthey COVID-19 crisis is just accelerating migration to tthey office-based lab. It's geographic in nature. Certainly in tthey South and tthey Souttheyast, it's happening more rapidly than it is in ottheyr parts of tthey country, but most definitely, we're seeing that migration occur. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes tthey Q&A session. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Scott Ward for any closing remarks. Scott Ward Thank you, Chris, and thanks, everybody. We appreciate your participation on today's call. I'd be remiss if I didn't take a moment to recognize our employees, many of whom are joining us on tthey call today. And in Q2, during a pandemic, our CSI team of over 800 dedicated employees theylped to save tthey lives or improved tthey quality of life for over 22,000 patients and ttheyir families. So really now more than ever, I'd like to thank all of our employees for ttheyir continued perseverance and ttheyir focus on our key growth drivers as we navigate through ttheir pandemic. So thanks, everyone, and thanks for dialing in your attention. We look forward to updating you again next quarter. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.