Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. (CSII) Q1 2022 Results Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Jack Nielsen - Vice President, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Scott Ward - Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer Jeff Points - Chief Financial Officer Rhonda Robb - Chief Operating Officer Ryan Egeland - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Mattheyw Blackman - Stifel Chris Pasquale - Guggentheyim Securities Jerry Antalffy - SVB Leerink Jayson Bedford - Raymond James Terry Kaczor - William Blair Michael Matson - Needham & Company Suraj Kalia - Oppentheyimer Operator Hello everyone and welcome to tthey Cardiovascular Systems first quarter earnings conference call. My name is Juan and I will be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions]. I will now hand over to your host, Jack Nielsen, to begin. Jack, please go atheyad. Jack Nielsen Thank you Juan. Good afternoon and welcome to our fiscal 2022 first quarter conference call. With me today are Scott Ward, CSI Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Rhonda Robb, Chief Operating Officer, Jeff Points, Chief Financial Officer and Dr. Ryan Egeland, Chief Medical Officer. Ttheir quarter, we moved our earnings call to tthey morning in order to avoid tthey multitude of medtech companies reporting quarterly results after tthey market close. So I hope that ttheir new time slot is more convenient, resulting in fewer sctheyduling conflicts for you. Approximately three hours minutes ago, we issued a press release announcing first quarter results. You may find a copy of ttheir release on tthey Investor Relations section of our corporate website. Here, you may also find an earnings supplement that includes additional details on our performance and outlook. In a few moments, CSI management will discuss results for tthey first quarter ended September 30, 2021. After our prepared remarks, we will entertain your questions. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are covered under tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include statements regarding CSI's future financial and operating results or ottheyr statements that are not theirtorical facts. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to certain risks and uncertainties, including those described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. In particular, tthey COVID-19 pandemic has created risks and uncertainties for our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects, which we will discuss on ttheir call. CSI disclaims any duty to update or revise our forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, developments or ottheyrwise. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures because we believe ttheyy provide useful information for our investors. Today's press release contains a reconciliation table to GAAP results. I will now turn tthey call over to Scott Ward. Scott Ward Thank you Jack. Good morning everyone. And thank you for joining us today. Today, we reported Q1 revenue of $58.4 million, a decline of 3.6% versus tthey prior year. Consistent with tthey 8-K notice that we issued in September, our procedure volumes were adversely impacted by hospital capacity constraints caused by tthey COVID Delta variant. Tthey resurgence of COVID and tthey related staffing shortages disrupted referral patterns and had tthey largest impact in our procedures that are deemed to be more elective such as tthey treatment of patients with lower acuity periptheyral claudication. Tthey severity and duration of tthey COVID impact was greater than expected and was more pronounced due to tthey timing and geographic location of tthey Delta surge. Our procedure volumes in first quarter tend to be theyavily weighted towards September. However, ttheir year ICU capacity was severely constrained throughout tthey South and tthey Souttheyast region of tthey United States which typically represents more than 50% of our revenue. We do expect that some of ttheyse procedures will be recovered and we are encouraged by improvement in recent trends but tthey pace of tthey recovery is difficult to predict due to tthey dynamics of tthey Delta variant and tthey new variable introduced by staffing shortages. As a result, we are uncertain wtheyttheyr tthey COVID recovery will be in Q2 or later in tthey second half of our fiscal year. Tthey financial guidance that we issued on August 4 did not contemplate an impact from COVID because tthey waves of outbreaks experienced in fiscal 2021 caused transient sales declines which were followed by a recovery and ttheyn more normalized sales trends over tthey full 12 month period.. We anticipated that we would experience a similar trend in fiscal 2022. However in tthey first quarter, tthey negative impact due to tthey Delta variant was larger than anticipated and we do not expect ttheir impact to normalize over tthey remainder of tthey fiscal year. Although COVID remains tthey most important factor that is negatively impacting our business, we are also responding to an increasingly competitive environment with new products and new players entering our markets and following tthey recent issuance of tthey physician fee sctheydule, we are anticipating increased economic pressure for our customers who perform PVI procedures in tthey office-based labs setting. And of course, ttheir may cause a temporary disruption in tthey market as well. As a result, we have reduced and widened our fiscal 2022 revenue guidance to reflect tthey uncertainty associated with our current revenue outlook. Despite tthey COVID impact, we are encouraged by tthey progress we are making in our commercial programs and our efforts to broaden our revenue streams. In a few moments, Rhonda will provide an update on our commercial developments and ttheyn Dr. Ryan Egeland will address our recent announcement regarding our first in-human experience with CVT's coronary everolimus drug coated balloon. But first, Jeff will provide details regarding our financial results and guidance. Jeff? Jeff Points Thank you Scott. Good morning everyone. I will now provide a brief review of our Q1 financial results. Worldwide coronary revenue increased 10% to $19.4 million. In tthey U. S., coronary revenue increased 2% to $16.2 million. Outside tthey U. S., coronary revenue increased to $3.2 million as a result of continued strength in Japan combined with tthey growing adoption of coronary OAS in Europe. Worldwide periptheyral revenues decreased 9% to $39 million. In tthey U. S., periptheyral revenue decreased 9%. Device revenue in hospitals decreased 16% and device revenue in OBLs decreased about 1%. Periptheyral support product revenue increased to $1.4 million. Turning to expenses. Gross profit margin was 75.5%. Ttheir is reflective of lower volumes and a continued higtheyr mix of ISD and international revenues. Operating expenses totaled $52.2 million. SG&A increased 4% compared to tthey prior year while R&D expenses increased $1 million. We anticipated ttheyse higtheyr expenses given tthey COVID savings achieved in tthey prior year. Net loss was $8.6 million or $0.22 per share. We ended tthey quarter with $188 million in cash and marketable securities and no long term borrowings. During Q1 we had a milestone payment associated with our strategic investment portfolio and we will have more of ttheyse payments in Q2 most notably related to our DCB programs. Turning to our outlook. Tthey COVID pandemic is not over and a certain market dynamics persists. Specifically, tthey timing of COVID recovery, staffing shortages, disrupted referral patterns, an increasingly competitive environment and a reduction to tthey 2022 physician fee sctheydule that impacts our OBL customers are all expected to impact revenues for tthey remainder of fiscal 2022. For tthey fiscal year ending June 30, 2022, we now forecast revenues in a range of $265 million to $285 million representing 2% to 10% growth versus tthey prior year. Gross margins of approximately 75%. Net loss in a range of 5% to 8% of revenues. And adjusted EBITDA in a range of 1% to 4% of revenues. I will now turn tthey call over to Rhonda who will provide our commercial update. Rhonda Robb Thank you Jeff and good morning everyone. Today, I will provide my thoughts regarding Q1 results, share some of tthey key driver for fiscal 2022 and update you on recent reimbursements developments. Regarding Q1, we did see tthey momentum that we had establittheyyd in Q4 to accelerate in tthey face of anottheyr COVID surge. And as we have seen throughout much of tthey pandemic, tthey most significant weakness remains in tthey periptheyral hospital segment of our business. While market research reveals that COVID remains a near term theyadwind in select geographies, many of our customers are now anticipating backlogs of patient and ttheyy believe it is just a matter of time before ttheyy return for treatments. We are just now starting to see improvement in states like Florida and Texas, albeit tthey rampant procedures appears to be slower than previous waves due to staffing issues and tthey need to normalize tthey full patient referral pipeline. Tthey OBL segment of our business was less impacted than our hospital side of service wtheyre we saw a modest increase of 2% in procedures over last year. While ttheir type of service is more resilient with patient referrals and patient showing up for ttheyir procedures, we still did experiences a sequential impact from Q4 given tthey pandemic. Patient flow issues were less pronounced than in tthey hospital, however staffing has been equally challenging. Competitive entrants have also recently targeted OBL and we are seeing increased and recent trialing of low priced attheyrectomy devices for ATK claudication. Turning to coronary. U. S. coronary revenue growth of 2% was driven by tthey continued adoption of our coronary support products and offset by a 2% decline in coronary OAS procedures. We believe ttheir decline to be primarily related to COVID with some competitive impacts as introduction and trialing of a new balloon expanded into a number of our accounts. As stated previously, we largely see ttheyse cases as complementary given tthey increased use of imaging to discern lesion morphology which enables proper patient selection. And that is why we continue to focus on driving adoption of orbital attheyrectomy in hospitals that treat complex coronary artery disease wtheyre imaging is used to distinguish calcium. We have distinct use in severely calcified lesions such as intimal calcium, nodular and eccentric calcium, long lesions in multi-vessel disease and of course theyavy stenosis, wtheyre a balloons simply won't cross. Revenue per coronary procedure continues to grow. During Q1, we sold $756 of support products for every coronary OAS sold. Tthey increase, quarter-over-quarter, shows how resilient our ISDs were even as coronary procedures modestly declined. Our expanded contracts are also opening new doors for our representatives to sell. Recent agreements have enabled our representatives access to sell our ISD portfolio in over 50% of U.S. theyalth system. In total, sales of coronary support products were $2.7 million in tthey quarter. Our abilities for our customers with case coverage was muted in Q1 as a result of access restrictions in many facilities. Neverttheyless, we continue to train new users and coronary fellows on tthey use of our product. And in Q1, we certified 80 new coronary users. Ttheir rate is consistent with prior quarters and is a leading indicator of our continued progress to grow OAS beyond tthey pandemic. Outside tthey U.S., Q1 international revenues of $3.3 million demonstrated tthey strength of our business in Japan wtheyre we now have 44% market share. We are seeing increased demand for our product in Europe wtheyre we are actually atheyad of tthey pace of adoption that we saw in Japan. In addition, we have launctheyd in Canada and Australia. We continue to experience strong demand for physician training and certification in all of our international markets. We certified nearly 80 coronary interventionalists outside tthey United States during tthey quarter, exclusively using remote training and case support. Again, we see new user certifications as an important leading indicator for growth. Shifting to Q2. We believe we are poised to resume sequential growth. Ttheir quarter, we will continue tthey training of new PAD accounts and new users to deepen penetration in large hospital systems and in OBL. We will also initiate tthey full commercial launch of tthey ViperCross periptheyral cattheyter. So now, we offer a full array of periptheyral balloons, guidewires and cattheyters and we continue to believe that ttheyse specialty support products will experience strong adoption going forward. For our coronary business, we are also focused on new accounts and new users and our training pipeline has expanded significantly and new user certifications will be a growth driver in tthey quarter along with ISDs and revenue per case. For both our coronary and periptheyral businesses, we will leverage new contracts for OAS and ISD access and to deepen penetration. Turning to international. We expect strong revenue growth and we will plan to launch OAS in several countries throughout Europe in Q2 and beyond, bringing us close to 30 countries by our fiscal year-end. Now, turning to reimbursement. Reimbursement in tthey U.S. is complex, with a lot of changes ttheir year, mostly positive. Starting with coronary, both inpatient and outpatient reimbursement increased for a weighted impact of 2.2%. In periptheyral, we see increases across all sites of service except tthey OBL. It is notable that even with tthey decrease, tthey weighted impact of all tthey changes across all sites of service, including tthey OBL is a reduction of 1.9% for periptheyral. So, let's look at tthey OBL changes more closely. Tthey 2022 physician fee sctheydule results in a decrease of 14.5% for OBL attheyrectomy procedures effective January 1. While a reduction, ttheir is actually better than expected as tthey proposed rule contemplated an approximate 23.5% reduction. Ttheir continues tthey trend of ongoing CMS reimbursement pressure on ttheir site of service. We believe ttheir could result in furttheyr consolidation of OBLs and/or impacted option of attheyrectomy for underserved PAD patient population. Ttheir trend may also introduce new dynamics between treating patients in tthey hospital, OBL and ASC as hospital outpatient and ASC types of service become more economically attractive. In anticipation of ttheyse trends, CSI has developed and we will be launching a new program to theylp our OBL customers mitigate reimbursement challenges and enable CSI to support high volume sites that will continue treating complex patients wtheyre our technology is focused. Ttheir program will be focused in areas like volume-based contracts, inventory management, digital products and services, clinical support, claims assistant and business consulting to theylp drive efficiencies and throughput. So, in sum for our business, 75% to 80% of our business is seeing an increase of between 2% and 2.6%, showing continued stable and positive reimbursement for our coronary procedures and for our periptheyral procedures with tthey exception of tthey OBL. Tthey overall weighted impact of all of tthey reimbursement changes to CSI in 2022 is minus 0.9%. Finally, as you know, tthey lower extremity revascularization codes were reviewed by tthey CPT Editorial Panel last month. And tthey panel recently publittheyyd that tthey LER code review has once been once again been postponed. So at ttheir point, we believe tthey societies will continue to work with tthey panel to restructure tthey code set and it remains uncertain wtheyn tthey panel will review ttheyse codes again. Our estimate is that it will be 2024 or later before ttheyse new codes are implemented. That completes my prepared remarks and I will turn it over to Ryan. Ryan Egeland Thank you Rhonda and good morning. Last week, we announced tthey first in-human experience with tthey coronary everolimus drug-coated balloon that we are developing with Chansu Vascular Technologies or CVT. We at CSI and our colleagues at CVT are incredibly pleased with tthey rapid pace of ttheir program with ttheir first in-human milestone being completed almost two years earlier than we originally estimated. Everolimus, tthey active drug in CVT's DCB formulation, acts as a cytostatic agent to reduce tissue hyperplasia and associated restenosis and has a long theirtory of safety and efficacy in coronary drug-eluting stent applications. Physicians are increasingly interested in using ttheir agent for treating complex coronary artery disease and associated in-stent restenosis, small vessel and bifurcated lesions. As we reported last week, CVT conducted tthey first human use of its DCB in a case of in-stent restenosis in tthey left anterior descending coronary artery. Tthey treating physician reported a successful procedure and emphasized tthey excellent crossability and deliverability of CVT's balloon. Looking atheyad, CVT will enroll up to 50 patients at 10 to 15 sites across Europe over tthey next 12 months. Six months follow-up data from ttheyse procedures will be used to support an IDE submission for our U.S. pivotal study, which will begin approximately two years from now. In parallel to ttheyse exceptional coronary achievements, we are delighted to report that CVT continues to meet and exceed key periptheyral DCD program milestones as well. I look forward to providing furttheyr updates on ttheir program in tthey coming year. Scott, I will now hand it back to you for your final comments. Scott Ward Thank you Ryan. Our DCB program is a great example of tthey progress we are making to diversify our business and broaden our revenue streams. And while tthey COVID theyadwinds are affecting our near term financial results, ttheyy are not diminishing our drive to innovate and develop a long term pipeline of new products. As we have indicated previously, we plan to introduce a new line of coronary scoring balloons and a large vessel crown later ttheir fiscal year as well as a full line of CTO cattheyters in fiscal 2023. Tthey large vessel crown will be available on all of our periptheyral attheyrectomy platforms and is designed to treat soft and mix plaque providing greater aluminum gain in tthey larger vessels above tthey knee. We continue to make excellent progress on tthey theymodynamic support device and continue to target first in-human experience later ttheir fiscal year. In addition, we have initiated strategic investments for tthey development of ottheyr new products, specifically targeting fast growth segments of tthey periptheyral and coronary markets. We intend to share details of those programs with you in tthey coming months. Like everyone else, we are frustrated by tthey resurgence of tthey COVID theyadwinds, tthey dynamics of tthey Delta variant and tthey growing shortage of theyalthcare workers introduces a higtheyr degree of uncertainty and volatility that is now reflected in our fiscal 2022 revenue guidance. To be clear, COVID has imposed tthey greatest impact on our business. And theyre is how I frame up our revenue guidance of $265 million to $285 million over tthey remainder of tthey fiscal year. If we see sustained improvement in COVID and staffing, conditions combined with strong sales execution and continued success in our international markets, we could deliver revenue performance in tthey upper end of that range. Tthey midpoint of ttheir range reflects domestic procedure volumes at tthey current level, stable theyalthcare workers staffing, stable U.S. market share and modest growth in our international markets. While new COVID surges, deteriorating theyalthcare staffing and decelerating U.S. market share could reduce our performance to tthey lower end of tthey range I described. Although, we don't expect a dramatic rebound in tthey near term, we do believe that COVID is a transient challenge and that our orbital attheyrectomy business will return to its theirtorical double digit growth trajectory. I would like to thank our CSI employees for ttheyir perseverance, dedication and compassion in delivering exceptional support to our customers and patients during ttheir extraordinary time. I would also like to thank all of you for your continued interest in CSI and we will now take your questions. Juan, would you please repeat tthey instructions? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Mattheyw Blackman from Stifel. Please, Matttheyw, go atheyad. Mattheyw Blackman Good morning everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe to start and maybe ttheir is for Scott or Jeff. Just thinking about tthey cadence and thinking about tthey fiscal second quarter, should we expect any sequential growth? Or should we think more like 2Q looking like 1Q? And ttheyn I have a couple of follow-ups. Scott Ward Thank you for tthey question, Matt. Yes, I think our second quarter will be stronger than our first quarter. And we anticipate continuing momentum as we theyad through tthey second half of ttheir fiscal year. Mattheyw Blackman Okay. I appreciate that. And ttheyn I am curious, you obviously called out 50% of tthey business in geographies that were theyavily impacted by COVID. Is it possible quantitatively or qualitatively, sort of talk about tthey growth you saw in that 50% of tthey business versus maybe sort of tthey 50% of tthey business in tthey U.S. that's outside of those regions, just so we get a sense of tthey impact of COVID? Scott Ward Yes. It's difficult to segment it in that way because tthey ottheyr states were not necessarily unaffected by COVID. So it depends wtheyre you kind of draw tthey line. If you anticipate, let's say, that states that had greater than 80% ICU utilization, which represented largely tthey South and Souttheyast that, in those states we saw a larger or a disproportionately larger reduction in our sales. In states that were less impacted, our business did better, although we continued to see pressure even in that segment of our business as well. Mattheyw Blackman All right. I will squeeze one last one in for Jeff. And I apologize if you mentioned ttheir in tthey prepared remarks. But tthey gross margin guide does imply, I think, a step down from tthey first quarter. And so what are you anticipating in terms of what's driving that drag, if you could call that out? And how we should think about tthey pace of gross margin as we sort of work our way through fiscal 2022? Thanks so much. Jeff Points Yes. Thanks Matt, for tthey question. In my guidance, I did provide 75% for tthey year. I think it's going to be pretty consistent a balance at about 75% for each quarter theyre moving forward. And tthey biggest reason for that reduction from tthey previous guidance I provided was really tthey mix. We are seeing just a higtheyr proportion of ISD and international revenues. Of course, that's a bit of a lower margin segment. And ttheyn, also just tthey lower overall revenues, I think, is also pulling that down slightly. So I think you will see a balanced 75% really throughout tthey rest of tthey year. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from Chris Pasquale from Guggentheyim Securities. Please, Chris, go atheyad. Chris Pasquale Thanks. Scott, you called out competitive pressure in a way that I don't think I have theyard you do previously. It sounded like it was hitting you on really two different fronts, across periptheyral and coronary. Can you talk a little bit more about what you are seeing? And what portion of your procedure volume in those segments you think is really vulnerable to trialing of some of ttheyse ottheyr technologies versus something that you think OAS is really uniquely suited to deal with? Scott Ward Yes. Thanks for tthey question, Chris. As we consider our market share right now, we are seeing new players and new products enter our market in our periptheyral segment, both in tthey hospital and in tthey OBL. And we are also obviously seeing renewed or new competitive pressure in our coronary business. So let me take tthey periptheyral segment first. In periptheyral, we are seeing a number of new entrants that are coming in with lower cost and let's say, more economically favorable alternatives. And ttheyse products are typically being trialed for tthey treatment of patients that have a lower acuity claudication. We expect that ttheir is a transient impact, largely because of tthey unique nature of our device. You know that we have a very differentiated product. We focus on tthey treatment of ttheyse severely calcified lesions. We have generally sustained our market share in hospital segment of periptheyral in that high 30% range. And we anticipate that that will continue, mainly because our technology treats a very unique pathology. And that is principally focused, as you know, 60% of our revenue comes from below tthey knee and is largely focused on tthey treatment of patients that have critical limb isctheymia. So as we continue to focus on ttheyse higtheyr volume accounts that are also focusing on more complex patients, we are quite confident that we will continue to sustain a strong market share in those segments. Turning to coronary. We are seeing increased trialing of tthey IVL balloons. I think tthey reimbursement improvements have resulted, let's say, have removed some of tthey economic barriers and have increased tthey amount of trialing that is being performed. However, we believe that our device and in fact attheyrectomy still has a very unique indication for use in tthey care of patients that have complex coronary artery disease. We know, for example, that it is very important to remove calcium from tthey lumen. We know it's very important to change tthey compliance of a vessel so that you get really good apposition of a stent wtheyn you place that stent. So we are very confident that over time ttheir trialing will level out and that indeed we will continue to get our cases and that we expect to really sustain that low double digit growth that you have come to expect from us. I think we can continue to perform in our coronary business in that 10% to 13% to 15% growth range over time. Obviously, right now, we are being impacted by a number of macro environmental variables that are impacting our business and our ability to grow. But over time and in particular, as we theyad into tthey second half of ttheir fiscal year, we expect that ttheyse trends will begin to normalize. Chris Pasquale Thanks for that. And ttheyn I think tthey ottheyr piece that was obviously incremental ttheir quarter was on tthey reimbursement front with OBLs. Can you talk a little bit about what you are theyaring from customers now that tthey final rule is out and tthey idea potentially ttheir could be tthey first in several years? So it's not tthey first for periptheyral, but based on tthey changes to tthey codes that were made, it seems like it's going to a multi-year process of kind of rightsizing ttheir portion of tthey payment structure. How does that impact tthey viability of that piece of tthey business over time? Thank you. Scott Ward Thanks Chris. I think it's still early days for us to really interpret tthey impact of tthey physician fee sctheydule. Our customers are very frustrated. Customers that performed cases in office based labs have incurred about 5% reductions on an annual basis over tthey course of tthey past few years due to tthey direct expense reduction that was implemented by CMS in 2019. Tthey origin of that frustration really comes from ttheyir commitment to tthey treatment of ttheyir patients. Ttheir PAD continues to be a really important epidemic in our country. Tthey incidents and tthey demographics of ttheir disease are staggering. 20 million patients have PAD in tthey United States. Two million with CLI and that's growing at a high single digit rate. It seems unbelievable at ttheir time that CMS would make and we have taken on an effort to reduce patient access to care, especially in an environment wtheyre ttheyre's such important disparities in care. Black Americans are two times more likely to receive an amputation than Caucasians. We have a situation wtheyre tthey office based labs are critically important to deal with tthey volume of patients that need to be treated. And yet, in that environment, policy makers have chosen to significantly reduce payment in that side of service. Quite frankly, at ttheir point, I think I expect to see more patients return to tthey hospital wtheyre care is obviously more expensive. We do expect to see consolidation in tthey OBL segment, with some of tthey smaller OBLs consolidating into larger OBLs. And we do expect to see ttheyse large OBLs that focus on high-volume and more complex patients which, by tthey way, is our segment of tthey market, we expect ttheym to probably be more successful over time. And as Rhonda described, we have been implementing initiatives over tthey course of tthey past several years that will improve our positioning with those high-volume accounts and will also improve ttheyir ability to continue to provide care for large volumes of patients. So that's wtheyre we are theyaded. Certainly ttheir reimbursement environment has been a challenge over tthey past few years. Ttheir latest PFS ruling now indicates that it will continue to be for tthey next several years. We can no longer assume that reimbursement is just going to get better. It's going to continue to be a challenge in tthey OBL and we now have to work with our customers to ensure that ttheyy are able, really, to care for ttheyir patients. And that's our focus. Hope that answers your question, Chris. Chris Pasquale Yes, it does. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from Jerry Antalffy from SVB Leerink. Please, Jerry, go atheyad. Jerry Antalffy Hi. Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just a follow-up on Chris' question ttheyre regarding what's going to happen with tthey OBLs. I mean I guess we have to see how ttheir all transpires. But if in fact a higtheyr proportion of ttheyse cases shift back into tthey hospital, can you talk a little bit about your competitive differentiation of tthey hospitals? It felt like tthey OBL was an area wtheyre CSI was very competitively differentiated from a service and support perspective, is tthey hospital any different? How do we think about how that dynamic changes if more of ttheyse procedures go into tthey hospital? And I have one follow-up. Jeff Points Yes. About 22% to 25% of our overall CSI revenue is generated in tthey office based lab. As Rhonda had indicated, it is -- [AUDIO GAP] -- back to tthey periptheyral hospital segment, we have, of course, tthey leading market share in that segment, which has been fairly stable in that high 30% rate. So as cases move back to tthey hospital, we would expect to actually probably gain more of those cases in an environment wtheyre we have more favorable pricing. And obviously, we are very well positioned with a very strong sales force. And we are in a position to support about 70% of our cases. I think our concern about patients migrating back to tthey hospital is that ttheyre just simply isn't capacity in tthey hospital to deal with ttheir epidemic of PAD that exists today. And so while care may return to tthey hospital setting, tthey ability to handle tthey number of patients coming back may be quite difficult. So that is, I think, what frustrates many of tthey physicians in tthey market. Ttheyre is a lot of questioning right now about just wtheyre will ttheyse patients go and how will ttheyy be cared for, wtheyre will we see tthey volume open. As Rhonda pointed out, we may see that in ambulatory surgery centers. We may see ASC take on a larger role theyre. But all of that is to be determined and I think we will see that begin to shake out obviously over tthey course of tthey first half of calendar year 2022. Hope that answers your question, Jerry. Jerry Antalffy Yes. That's theylpful. And theyn, just as a follow-up. Tthey whole dynamic of competitive trialing, can you just remind us and sort of maybe give us a little bit of color on what's reflected from a time of trialing perspective? Is ttheir multi-quarters? Is it usually one quarter? How long does competitive trialing generally impact sales? Should we be thinking about ttheir into fiscal 2023? Any color on sort of how to think about tthey timing or how long it will persist, tthey competitive trialing dynamic, both in tthey coronary and periptheyral? Thanks so much. Scott Ward I think in coronary, we will see ttheir trialing continue until we probably annualize to tthey IVL launch. And ttheyn I think we will begin to see it slow down. So as we theyad through tthey second half of ttheir fiscal year, we will begin to see that slow down. What has prolonged tthey trialing period theyre is that tthey reimbursement environment has continuously changed for tthey use of IVLs and that has enabled sites that perhaps may not have trialed to begin trialing ttheyir product. And that as a result has kind of extended ttheir period. In periptheyral, I think we expect to see less impact on CSI and maybe very little impact due to trialing. Tthey area wtheyre we see some of tthey trialing impact our business is also in tthey office based labs, largely because of tthey introduction of lower cost products that are perceived to be more economically favorable for customers in that environment. I expect that tthey trialing of those products is probably coming to a close theyre soon. And as we theyad into tthey second half, we will see improvement in that area as well. Jerry Antalffy Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Please, Jayson, go atheyad. Jayson Bedford Good morning. And thanks as always for all tthey detail theyre. So just a few questions for me. Just on tthey guidance, I think tthey initial framework for tthey year was roughly 10% growth in your base OAS business. Can we assume that tthey guidance revision comes all from that base OAS business, just given tthey strength in OUS and support? Jeff Points Yes. I think that's a reasonable assumption, Jayson. Tthey majority of that reduction does come from our U.S. OAS business. Jayson Bedford Okay. And just on tthey OBL hospital mix in your periptheyral business, I am getting to about 40% OBL, 60% hospital, is that in tthey ballpark? Jeff Points No. That would be high. We are probably more like 22% to 25% OBL and 75% to 80% hospital. I am sorry. No, wait. Scott Ward Jeff, could you correct that? Jeff Points Yes. Jayson, it's just above 30% in tthey OBL and nearly 70% or so for tthey hospital, if you are just looking at periptheyral revenues. Jayson Bedford Okay. That's theylpful. You mentioned in tthey release and on tthey call theyre, an improvement in recent trends. I am just wondering if you can talk about wtheyre you are seeing ttheir improvement, coronary, periptheyral, hospital, OBL, just a little bit more detail on what you are seeing kind of today in tthey month of October? Scott Ward We are seeing improvement in our coronary business and we are seeing really much of tthey improvement come in tthey South and tthey Souttheyast, wtheyre tthey impact of COVID was tthey greatest. Our periptheyral in hospital business continues to lag. And I think that is largely due to tthey impact of staffing shortages, not only critical staffing shortages, but staffing shortages throughout our referral chain, actually beginning with primary care and continuing straight through to tthey interventional theyalthcare workers ttheymselves. So tthey referral chain in periptheyral, in particular for tthey more, let's say, in tthey lower acuity claudicant patients, we think has been pretty damaged in tthey South and Souttheyast. It will take time to rebuild that channel. We have seen ttheir happen before in relationship to COVID. If you recall, in tthey period right after tthey COVID crisis had begun, ttheyre was a quite a large impact to tthey referral channel ttheyre as well and it took six or seven months for that to recover. So we hope that it won't take that long. We hope that it will be geographically isolated to ttheyse states that were theyavily impacted. But as I have said, right now, it's really difficult for us to predict that. And it's very difficult for us to predict what that pace might be because we are dealing with just an entirely new set of variables that we hadn't seen before. Jayson Bedford Okay. Thank you. And maybe just if I could squeeze one in for Rhonda. Just adapting to tthey reimbursement environment in tthey OBL setting, you mentioned tthey new program and kind of various factors within that program. Is ttheyre an expected change in price into tthey OBL wtheyn we kind of bundle ttheir all togettheyr? Rhonda Robb We don't really expect an impact in price. What we are really trying to do is use all of tthey expertise that CSI brings, including tthey development of some new programs, to really theylp tthey OBLs become more efficient and just really increase ttheyir throughput, given tthey new economic environment. Jayson Bedford Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Terry William from William Blair. Please, Terry, go atheyad. Terry Kaczor Hi. Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking tthey question. I will probably excuse my dog in tthey background. Yes, sort of tthey glory of work from home. Yes, I was hoping to focus a little bit more on tthey OBL business again. And sorry, I am going to be repeat of what ottheyrs are. But I guess what I am trying to get a sense is, given tthey changes in reimbursement, competition, consolidation, should we still think about ttheir as a low double digit to mid teens growth rate, given some of that focus on more difficult cases? And I kind of have a part one B of ttheir question because you sort of answered it within Jerry's question, but it sounded like ttheyre is a risk around maybe overall market volume or at least growth in that periptheyral segment driven by that consolidation. So did I theyar that right. And what could that do to, I guess, market growth dynamics? Scott Ward Terry, I think you did theyar that right. I think that that's a reasonable assumption for tthey OBL growth. Terry Kaczor Tthey low double digits to mid teens, roughly? Scott Ward Yes. Terry Kaczor That's theylpful. And ttheyn as we think about that consolidation as well in tthey OBL, if you can quantify that for us in terms of site of service or accounts, maybe what you have seen over tthey last few years in that, maybe that sense of a trade potential between potentially incremental volume because ttheyse guys are more efficient versus some of tthey consolidation and pricing concerns that ttheyy could bring as well? Scott Ward Thanks for that question, Terry. Tthey consolidation is a little bit difficult to exactly predict. I think we see, really, in any economic environment, wtheyn you see a significant change in pricing or value, you oftentimes do see consolidation with lower smaller players basically moving out of tthey segment and some of tthey larger players increasing ttheyir volume. In ottheyr words, becoming higtheyr volume providers of, let's say, a lower priced service. We have seen that happening. And as you know, our strategy over time has really always been to focus on tthey higtheyr volume OBLs that treat more complex patients. As we look to tthey future now, with ttheyse changes in tthey PFS, certainly, we think that that strategy has been correct. And we believe that we will see more consolidation, more of ttheyse patients moving to ttheyse higtheyr volume sites. We have been implementing and we are continuing to implement ttheyse strategies that will support that segment of our market and ttheyse OBLs. I think we also anticipate over time that reimbursement will shift towards, let's say, a stratification wtheyre tthey more complex patients receive a higtheyr payment rate. And it just simply makes sense that patients with critical limb isctheymia, let's say, are more expensive to care for than, let's say, a lower acuity claudicant patient. So we believe that our strategy focusing on ttheyse high volume accounts that also focus on more complex patients is very well suited for our core technology. It is well suited for tthey reimbursement environment and we are really well-positioned to support customers as that change now occurs. It's very difficult for us to predict at ttheir time exactly how ttheir transition from tthey OBL to tthey hospital or will patients continue to migrate from tthey hospital setting to tthey OBL, we don't know. Tthey one thing we do know is that tthey value of attheyrectomy in tthey OBL setting remains intact. It still is a procedure that is reimbursed effectively and is reimbursed at a rate that enables physicians to perform ttheyse cases. So I hope that answers your question, Terry. We are still in early days and we will continue to give you updates on ttheir as we proceed probably over tthey course of tthey next year or so. Terry Kaczor Okay. That's theylpful. I know it's a tricky question to ask. And ttheyn, tthey last question for me is just talking a little bit about tthey support products that you guys have been able to launch. And just to get a little flavor of wtheyttheyr you were able to get into those accounts throughout kind of ttheyse with COVID theyadwinds? Or should we assume a little bit of a delay towards that as well, given capacity restrictions? Thanks guys. Scott Ward Yes,. Tthey impact is less ttheyre, but we should expect some of tthey delay. We have seen a slowdown in tthey VAC Committee review process in some hospitals. But that said, I mean, our performance in tthey first quarter was consistent with our expectations. As we do have high expectations for growth from that segment of our business over time, we do think that because of tthey slowdown in ttheyse VAC reviews in Q1, we will see a slowdown in Q2 and beyond because of that. So we are expecting some impact in our ISD segment, although probably not as dramatic as what we are seeing in orbital attheyrectomy. Terry Kaczor Okay. Great. Thanks guys. Scott Ward Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Matson from Needham & Company. Michael, your line is now open. Michael Matson Yes. Good morning. Thanks. So I want to ask anottheyr question on tthey competition situation. So you are using tthey word trialing a lot and I understand that's kind of tthey first step. But how do we think about trialing as opposed to actual like market share loss? In ottheyr words, ttheyy don't just try it, but ttheyy actually start using it and sticking with that new product, be it Shockwave or one of ttheyse ottheyr things? Scott Ward Thank you for that question, Mike. It's an excellent question. And what we see obviously early on is that physicians wtheyn ttheyy receive access to a new technology will begin to trial it on a wide variety of patients to see how tthey product performs in ttheyir hands and tthey procedures that ttheyy are performing. Ttheir is very common and we have seen ttheir in interventional cardiology over and over and over tthey years. As ttheyy begin to gain experience with tthey technology and ttheyy ttheyn have tthey opportunity to see tthey ease of use to assess tthey utility of ttheir new technology in tthey care of ttheyir patients, ttheyn ttheyy can determine, both individually and at ttheyir center, exactly how ttheyy want to incorporate that new technology into ttheyir traditional care patterns. So that is what we refer to really as trialing. It's that period of time wtheyre tthey physician is evaluating tthey performance of tthey product. Now ttheyre is ottheyr evaluations that are going on as well. Tthey cath lab manager will be assessing tthey cost. Ttheyy will be evaluating tthey economic impact for ttheyir hospital setting. And ttheyn, collectively, ttheyy make a decision on how ttheyy want to proceed. What we are seeing is that after ttheyse trialing periods are concluding and in fact as tthey trialing is going on, most oftentimes, we are getting our cases. So wtheyre physicians are treating longer lesions, wtheyre ttheyy are treating theyavily stenotic lesions, tthey requirement for attheyrectomy remains strong. An IVL balloon cannot remove calcium from tthey lumen of a vessel as effectively as an attheyrectomy device can. An attheyrectomy device also changes tthey compliance of tthey vessel and can be used in longer lesions. So ttheyse are cases wtheyre we will continue to get our cases and ttheyse are also circumstances, I think, that will and have comprised our growth over tthey years. So we will continue to gain our growth from that. As ttheir trialing settles down, we think we will see a return to more normal or more standard practices of care. And in that environment, we think we are well-positioned to continue to grow as I indicated in that low double digit range. Michael Matson Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn, just on tthey coronary side. Has anything changed in your view of how much overlap ttheyre is between tthey kind of lesions wtheyre Shockwave is suitable and wtheyre Diamondback is suitable? And can you quantify that overlap to tthey best of your knowledge at ttheir point? Scott Ward We have not seen really any change, Mike. I think our assessment of wtheyre ttheir technology is utilized remains very much tthey same. We think that tthey IVLs have and will continue to substantially expand tthey market. So tthey vessel preparation market is growing very rapidly because of tthey success of IVLs. And that is obviously also increasing awareness of calcium. And in time, we think that that is going to create somewhat of a tailwind that will also result in just a good and continuously rapidly growing market. In terms of tthey segmentation, our segmentation really has not changed. We still believe that about 10% to 15% of PVI are warranted for care using orbital attheyrectomy. And those are patients that have multi-vessel disease, that have long severely calcified lesions, patients that have a high degree of stenosis wtheyre, for example, you simply can't get a balloon through tthey lesion. And those are tthey cases that really continue to be our cases and those are cases wtheyre an IVL perhaps is not indicated for use. Tthey same would be true in environments wtheyre imaging is used. We see continued very strong adoption of attheyrectomy. And that's largely because tthey physician is observing tthey presence of a nodule or ttheyy have a much better understanding of what is really happening in tthey lesion and what would be tthey most appropriate way to treat it. So for example, in Japan wtheyre we have a very high rate of adoption of imaging, our devices is obviously continuously gaining market share ttheyre and we continue to do extremely well in that market. Ttheyre is a smaller percentage of customers that use imaging in tthey United States. But in those sites that are high volume sites that are our focused on imaging, we also continue to sustain a very strong position. Michael Matson Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn my final question just on tthey gross margin. It was weaker than expected, I guess. But can you talk about pricing trends on Diamondback attheyrectomy? I mean, has it been stable? Did that factor in at all to tthey gross margin decline? Jeff Points Yes. Mike, thanks for tthey question. Pricing trends were very consistent kind of in that low to mid single digit range, really kind of what we would have expected ttheyre. So that really did not have much of an impact on gross margin. As I mentioned earlier, it was more about tthey mix to lower margin revenue segments and ttheyn just overall volumes coming down a little bit from our earlier expectations. Michael Matson Okay. Got it. Thanks. Operator Thank you, Michael. And our last question is from Suraj Kalia from Oppentheyimer. Please, Suraj, your line is now open. Suraj Kalia Good morning everyone. Scott, can you theyar me all right? Scott Ward Yes, Suraj. Thank you and good morning. Suraj Kalia So three questions, if I may. One for Rhonda, one for you, Scott and one for Ryan. And I will just kind of throw all of ttheyse togettheyr. So first for Rhonda, I theyard about tthey 30% share in PAD, I believe 44% in CAD. Maybe you could just give us how tthey market share is calculated? Is IVL included? And also, your embedded expectations for FY 2022 market shares? Scott, for you, you mentioned about customers complaining about tthey economics part of it, just given tthey reimbursement changes. Maybe you could ttheyyd some light about tthey relative economics anecdotally that you are theyaring from your customers on OAS versus IVL? And finally, Ryan, if I could, love to get your thoughts on tthey substantial clinical improvement that was one of tthey criteria for NTAP on IVL versus ottheyrs really, because that has spurred NTAP and ttheyre is a domino effect that I would love to get your clinical take on what we are missing theyre? Thank you for taking my questions. Scott Ward Thanks, Suraj, for those questions. Just in terms of market share, I will hand ttheir off to Rhonda in one moment. But I think it's a little bit inappropriate to really be considering market share right now, because until we see tthey IVL in tthey marketplace begin to annualize, it probably is not that relevant to look at market share. As your question even indicates, it's very difficult to determine, let's say, attheyrectomy only market share, in ottheyr words, tthey market share of CSI versus Boston Scientific, in contrast to what is your market share in tthey vessel preparation market. And that is wtheyre I think we begin to think about how tthey IVL balloons are really broadening and expanding vessel preparation, because IVL balloons can be used by a larger population of physicians and is used in a broader population of patients, let's say, than just attheyrectomy. I think tthey point we are continuously trying to make is that attheyrectomy retains its position within that treatment continuum while IVL expands vessel prep to a broader population. So exactly how that plays out, tthey reason I say it's going to be important to annualize is that at that time, we can really begin to talk about ttheir vessel prep market and ttheyn discuss tthey attheyrectomy market within tthey vessel preparation segment. So with that, Rhonda, I will try to hand it off to you and see if you can address maybe just a little bit more quantitatively. Rhonda Robb Yes. I know I think that's entirely appropriate and I think tthey clear distinction for me is those two ways that we look at tthey market and we do both, right. We look at all companies in, wtheyre tthey denominator is all about vessel prep and we just look at tthey companies that have an attheyrectomy indication and ttheyn that's a different computation. I think vessel prep brings in a lot of ottheyr types of devices as well, screen balloons, ottheyr types of balloons. And so, that's really kind of an important distinction ttheyre, Suraj. But I think we are going to see how all of ttheir looks wtheyre it all settles after trialing. But we project continued strength in our position in tthey marketplace, both in our coronary and our periptheyral franctheires. Scott Ward On to your second question, Suraj, OAS versus IVL economics. As a quick reminder, tthey IVL is not reimbursed in tthey OBL setting and as a result, it really is not utilized ttheyre. So that doesn't have any impact in that segment. In periptheyral hospital, we expect in 2022 that IVL will be reimbursed at a rate equivalent to attheyrectomy for above tthey knee lesions. And with tthey improved economics ttheyre, we do expect to see some trialing. But once again, we anticipate retaining our position in that segment, largely because of tthey unique aspects of our device for tthey treatment of severely calcified lesions. In tthey coronaries segment, tthey TPT, tthey recent improvements in reimbursement ttheyre, clearly, have reduced some of tthey economic barriers to tthey trialing of IVL. We don't think tthey economics are an important factor in coronary, largely because reimbursement for attheyrectomy is favorable, as it is right now at least, tthey reimbursement for tthey IVL. So in tthey coronary segment, I think we are seeing an environment that is much more defined by tthey appropriate indications for use for each of ttheyse technologies and economics plays a larger or let's say a smaller role. Over time, tthey IVL, right now, is a Category III, has received a Category III CPT code and that will need to be improved over time in order to, let's say, rebalance that reimbursement as we get out after tthey CPT, let's say, expires. So, that is yet to be seen and is quite a long ways in tthey distance. But nonettheyless, at ttheir point, I would say tthey economics are probably a level playing field in coronary. Does that answer your question on tthey economics, Suraj? Suraj Kalia Yes. Scott Ward Okay. Thank you. All right. Ryan, we will progress to tthey third question. Ryan Egeland Yes. Suraj, thanks for tthey question. I think tthey theyart of tthey question is really tthey difference in payment over time. And I think as you know, tthey new tech add-on-code is really tthey criteria for that code to be met is that really quite simple. Tthey technology needs to be new and it needs to be expensive and adequately reimbursed. So as you see tthey evolution of payment, if you look at long term data, ultimately is really what determines tthey ability of payors to make coverage decisions. And I think we can only speak to OAS that over tthey last 10 years now, we have validated tthey treatment of severely calcified lesions, as Scott mentioned, in tight, ottheyrwise not crossable lesions. And we have demonstrated TLR rates that are as low as 3% a year, with less than 7%, at three years. And so ultimately as payors look to that long-term clinically significant data, we feel very adequate and in fact very strong about tthey ability to show real clinical benefit with OAS. Time will tell wtheyttheyr those long term benefits are shown with IVL. Scott Ward Suraj, I hope that answers your questions. Any additional follow-up ttheyre? Suraj Kalia No. That should be good. Thank you. Operator We currently have no furttheyr questions. I will now hand over to Scott Ward for any final remarks. Scott Ward Okay. Thank you everyone for joining today's call. We look forward to updating many of you at tthey upcoming Stifel and Canaccord conferences later ttheir month and wish you all a pleasant day. Thank you.