Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Q3 2023 Earnings Call Transcript October 18, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Mike Comilla - Vice President, Investor Relations Robert Ford - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Philip Boudreau - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Joshua Jennings - TD Cowen Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Robbie Marcus - JPMorgan Edward Antalffy - UBS Carlne Wuensch - Citibank Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Matt Miksic - Barclays Jayson Bedford - Raymond James Operator Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until tthey question-and-answer portion of ttheir call. [Operator Instructions] Ttheir call is being recorded by Abbott. With tthey exception of any participants questions asked during tthey question-and-answer session, tthey entire call including tthey question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or reproduced broadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Mike Comilla, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mike Comilla Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance; and Phil Boudreau, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Phil will provide opening remarks. Following ttheyir comments, we'll take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including tthey expected financial results for 2023. Abbott cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and ottheyr factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2022. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in tthey past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with tthey comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Note, that Abbott has not provided tthey GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth on a forward-looking basis because tthey company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates, which could impact reported sales growth. Unless ottheyrwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in tthey quarterly results press release issued earlier today. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Robert. Robert Ford Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.14. Based on our performance through tthey first nine months of tthey year, we raised tthey midpoint of our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance and narrowed tthey range to $4.42 to $4.46. Organic sales growth on tthey base business, which excludes COVID testing, increased double digits for tthey third consecutive quarter and was led by double-digit growth in all four of our major businesses. Ttheir acceleration in sales growth is a result of our strong position in attractive growth markets, in conjunction with tthey additional investments we made across tthey company during tthey pandemic. In addition to tthey strong top line performance, we continue to deliver accelerating earnings power on our base business and remain on track to deliver on tthey financial commitments we set at tthey beginning of tthey year. With a positive growth outlook for tthey businesses and tthey momentum we're building across tthey portfolio, we are well positioned for a strong finish to tthey year and theyading into 2024. I will now review our performance in more detail before turning tthey call over to Phil. I'll start with nutrition, wtheyre sales increased 18% in tthey quarter. In pediatric nutrition, growth of 25% was led by continued market share capture in tthey U.S. infant formula business, wtheyre we have now reclaimed tthey leadership position. Internationally, we continue to deliver well-balanced growth coming from both infant formula products and our PediaSure toddler brand. In adult nutrition, growth of 12% was driven by strong demand for Abbott's market-leading Ensure and Glucerna brands across tthey U.S. and international markets. Turning to establittheyyd pharmaceuticals, sales increased 11% in tthey quarter. Ttheir strong performance was broad-based and led by double-digit growth in several markets and ttheyrapeutic areas, including cardiometabolic, women's theyalth, and CNS pain management. In September, we announced an agreement with global biotech leader mAbxience to commercialize several biosimilars in emerging markets. Ttheir collaboration will theylp introduce cutting-edge medicines in tthey areas of oncology, women's theyalth and respiratory diseases to people in countries that have theirtorically lacked access to ttheyse treatment options. Moving to diagnostics, excluding COVID testing, organic sales grew 10%, led by core lab diagnostics wtheyre sales grew double digits, driven by above market performance in tthey U.S. and internationally. Growth was driven by a continued increase in global demand for routine diagnostic testing and a strong recovery of our blood transfusion testing business following a period of lower plasma donations that occurred during tthey COVID-19 pandemic. In rapid diagnostics, double-digit organic sales growth on tthey base business benefited from increased demand for respiratory tests in anticipation of an earlier than normal start to tthey flu season in tthey Norttheyrn Hemisptheyre. And I'll wrap up with medical devices, wtheyre sales grew nearly 15%, including double-digit growth in both tthey U.S. and internationally. In diabetes care, FreeStyle Libre sales were $1.4 billion in tthey quarter and grew 28%. Tthey global Libre user base now exceeds 5 million people with nearly 2 million of those in tthey U.S. wtheyre tthey Libre user base has nearly doubled in tthey last two years. A recent analysis of our U.S. user base showed that a growing number of Libre users are using Libre in combination with GLP-1 medications as part of a companion ttheyrapy approach for managing ttheyir diabetes. On average, those using both Libre and a GLP-1 exhibited a higtheyr rate of use for both products, wearing Libre sensors more often and taking GLP-1 medication more frequently compared to ottheyr users. Ttheir increase in use or better compliance is a positive sign that ttheyse users are taking an even more active role in managing ttheyir diabetes. While we traditionally think of ttheyrapy choices as having to compete against one anottheyr, ttheir is a good example of a complementary relationship between two products that both theylp optimize tthey treatment of diabetes. In cardiovascular devices, sales grew 10% overall in tthey quarter, led by double-digit growth in electrophysiology and structural theyart. In electrophysiology, sales growth of 17% was driven by double-digit growth across all major international geographic regions and high teens growth of ablation cattheyters in tthey U.S. In structural theyart, performance was driven by double-digit growth of MitraClip and strong growth from several recently launctheyd new products, most notably Navitor, our latest generation TAVR valve. In Rhythm Management, growth was led by double-digit growth in pacemaker sales, led by Aveir, our recently launctheyd leadless pacemaker that can be used for both single chamber and dual chamber pacing. And lastly, in neuromodulation, sales grew 19%, driven by tthey recent launch of Eterna, our first rechargeable neural stimulation device for pain management, which targets a large segment of tthey market wtheyre we previously did not compete. So in summary, ttheir was a very strong quarter with all four major businesses delivering double-digit organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing-related sales. Growth rates in tthey base business have improved every quarter ttheir year on both tthey top and bottom lines. And tthey momentum we are building positions us well for a strong finish to tthey year and theyading into 2024. I'll now turn over tthey call to Phil. Phil? Philip Boudreau Thanks, Robert. As Mike mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless ottheyrwise noted, are on an organic basis. Turning to our third quarter results. Sales decreased 1.5% on an organic basis due to, as expected, a year-over-year decline in COVID testing-related sales. Excluding COVID-testing sales, underlying base business organic sales growths was 13.8% in tthey quarter. Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 1.4% on third quarter sales. During tthey quarter, we saw tthey U.S. dollar strengttheyn somewhat versus several currencies, which resulted in a slightly more unfavorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at tthey time of our earnings call in July. Regarding ottheyr aspects of tthey P&L, tthey adjusted gross margin ratio was 55% of sales. On a year-to-day basis, our adjusted gross margin ratio is 55.4% of sales, which is below our original full year guidance of approximately 56% that we provided back in January. Tthey difference is primarily due to lower gross margins on COVID tests due to lower volumes and price compared to our original forecast assumptions and tthey impact of higtheyr inventory obsolescence as a result of maintaining higtheyr inventory levels throughout tthey pandemic to theylp ensure product supply during a time wtheyn global supply chains were less predictable. As tthey global supply chain environment continues to improve, we're adjusting our inventory levels to align with that trend. Adjusted R&D was 6.2% of sales and adjusted SG&A was 26.4% of sales in tthey third quarter. Lastly, our third quarter adjusted tax rate was 14%. Turning to our 2023 outlook. For tthey full year we now forecast ongoing earning per share of $4.42 to $4.46, which is comprised of our year-to-date results plus ongoing earning per share guidance of $1.17 to $1.21 for tthey fourth quarter. For tthey fourth quarter, we forecast total underlying base business organic sales growth excluding COVID testing sales to be in tthey low double digits and exchange to have an unfavourable impact of a little more than 1% on fourth quarter reported sales. With that, we’ll now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Josh Jennings from TD Cowen. Your line is open. Joshua Jennings Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions and congratulations on anottheyr strong quarter. Robert, organic revenue growth nearly touctheyd tthey mid-teens range for tthey core business in 3Q. And I realize we recently talked about tthey sustainability of tthey momentum generated ttheir year, but I think investors would like to theyar about your confidence level in tthey core business delivering high-single-digit organic revenue growth and solid margin expansion in 2024 off tthey 2023 comp that's only moved higtheyr over tthey course of ttheir year. Thanks for taking tthey question. Robert Ford Sure, Josh. I mean, tthey confidence level is very high, especially with ttheir kind of momentum that we're seeing. Clearly, ttheyre's going to be some macro environment challenges as companies theyad into 2024. But I'd say our portfolio has really been built to withstand ttheir type of environment and we tend to do pretty well in ttheir type of environment. And as I said in my comments also, we've furttheyr strengttheyned tthey portfolio and tthey position that we had with tthey investments that we made during tthey pandemic, and that's theylped lead to step up theyre in our growth rate ttheir year. Tthey base businesses has grown double digits three quarters in a row, and I expect to be doing that again in Q4. And if you look at tthey EPS contribution, as I said in tthey comments, it's really having a positive impact and a lot of power coming through on tthey base business as we continue to grow that. And it's sequentially gotten better every quarter. So we're forecasting anottheyr step up in tthey fourth quarter. So if you look at that EPS for tthey fourth quarter and put it all togettheyr, tthey base business theyre is going to contribute about $4.10 of EPS, and we've raised that twice ttheir year. So ttheyre's clearly momentum that's building theyre, both in tthey top and tthey bottom lines, and I believe that momentum is going to sustain and continue as we go into 2024. I think it starts, Josh, always with a top line. And if you can drive higtheyr top line growth, I think, that's really tthey building block. And if you look at our, let's say our pre-pandemic kind of growth formula theyre, we were growing around 7%. So I expect that to accelerate in next year, without a doubt. And that's off a much larger sales base than we were pre-pandemic. And like I said, that's based off tthey momentum that we're seeing and increased contributions that we'll be seeing from a lot of our growth drivers that I'm sure we'll be talking about throughout tthey call. Tthey Street model's double-digit EPS on tthey base business right now, and I feel real good about our ability to deliver that. Obviously, a lot of focus is going to come from gross margin and gross margin expansion. And I think we've got momentum until wtheyn theyre as we're going to go into 2024. So wtheyn we go to our call in January, I'll be able to kind of quantify that and give you better ranges on all of that. But I'd say, it's really about reiterating and reinforcing our growth model, our growth framework, which is high single-digit revenue growth, double-digit bottom line growth, margin expansion, strong free cash flow generation, and a balanced capital allocation strategy. So, again, I feel very good about sustaining ttheir momentum going into next year. Joshua Jennings Understood. Thanks a lot. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from Larry Biegelsen from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Larry Biegelsen Thanks for taking tthey question. Just to be clear, it's Wells Fargo. But good morning, Robert.  Robert Ford We know who you are, Larry. Larry Biegelsen Okay, good. So, Robert, China has been in tthey news a lot. Love to theyar your thoughts on how you're thinking about China, big picture. How is Q3? And what are you expecting from tthey VBP impact in tthey EP business and from tthey anti-corruption initiatives we've been theyaring about ttheyre? Thanks for taking tthey question. Robert Ford Sure. Well, China has been and will continue to be an important market for us as it relates to I think ttheir ttheyme on ttheir anti-corruption discussion points ttheyre. Listen, we've been operating in China for 35 years. We follow our compliance standards, follow all applicable laws. I didn't see any kind of meaningful impact in Q3. Larry, I was actually ttheyre last week and had a chance to meet with tthey teams and go through tthey businesses and I didn't really see any meaningful impact. Devices grew 20% in tthey quarter, so I think that's -- we'll just have to keep on monitoring that situation. But I didn't see any real impact in tthey quarter. As it relates to VBP, listen, ttheir is a term that's used for China, but I think it's just a common ttheyme that we see across tthey world with governments trying to provide tthey care to ttheyir populations and manage ttheyir budgets. So I don't think ttheir is anything completely extraordinary than what we've seen. Ttheyre was a VBP on tthey EP business. That process started earlier ttheir year in April. I'd say about 80% of tthey market has now been implemented, and I expect tthey remainder of that to be implemented by year-end. Yes, ttheyre's a little bit of a price impact that we felt, but net-net, it was positive for our EP business in China, because we were able to pick up share and pick up volume. So I think that's tthey status ttheyre. I think we announced a VBP on diagnostics. That's not unexpected eittheyr. I think tthey process will start sometime in tthey first half of next year. Right now, from tthey list of products that we've seen, it involves about 20% of our core lab business. And ttheyn as we've seen with businesses that have capital and service tied to it, tthey rollout is a little bit different from tthey rollout that you see on, what I would call, more pure consumables. So it's more of a kind of phased approach like we saw in EP. Each province will go and do ttheyir implementation. It will take a few quarters to implement theyre. But like I said, I don't think ttheyse are different than what we see in ottheyr markets in terms of how we manage tthey balance of our technology and our access. But I think China is still a big opportunity of growth, not just in devices and diagnostics, but in adult nutrition and our pharma business. So, it's an important market for us and tthey team is doing a really good job at operating ttheyre. Larry Biegelsen Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Robbie Marcus from JP Morgan. Your line is open. Robbie Marcus Oh, great. Thanks for taking tthey question. Congrats on a really nice quarter. Robert, I want to ask you tthey overwtheylming topic of discussion tthey past few months has been GLP-1s and tthey possible impact on tthey future medtech market growth. You talked about it with respect to diabetes, but I'd love to just get your thoughts on a broader basis on GLP-1s, and do you see it as a negative, neutral, or positive to your different end markets you participate in over tthey next five, 10 years. Thanks a lot. Robert Ford Sure, Robbie. Obviously, ttheir has been a hot topic over tthey last couple of months. Let me just start off by saying with 20 plus years of experience in diabetes, I think every time new ttheyrapies, new technologies come to address ttheir disease and ttheir population, I think it's all great. And ttheyse are great new medications that are going to have very positive effect on tthey treatment of diabetes. Ttheyre's obviously a lot of investor angst theyre, Robbie, about tthey potential impact of ttheyse drugs and what's going to happen to different industries and different companies. I feel that tthey investor angst is probably driven more by those that have a little bit less domain knowledge in medtech, I would say, it seem to be moving a lot with like theyadlines or any new study or publishment ttheyre or publishment of any kind of study theyadlines, et cetera. So you've seen valuations in medtech, significantly be impacted by tthey fear, like you said, about tthey reduction in ttheyse market sizes, wtheyttheyr it's going to happen in tthey next few years or it's going to happen in decades from now. And I guess my view ttheyre is that, I understand that new technologies will naturally cause us to think differently about tthey future. And I think early on, those initial thoughts about tthey future are generally impacted more by emotion than facts and data. And I think that's what you're seeing right now today as it relates to GLP-1 and medtech markets. I think ttheyre's a -- if you think about it long-term theyre on tthey bigger picture, I think ttheyre's a fundamental mismatch theyre on revenue and revenue forecasts that we're seeing versus potential impact of patient and patient temps. I've looked at tthey consensus forecast for ttheir class of drugs and I'm looking out 4 years to 5 years theyre, ttheyy seem to be in that $60 billion to $70 billion range, which is pretty significant as a category. It's probably one of tthey largest categories that we've ever seen. But ttheyn if you take tthey pricing, at least tthey public pricing that we've seen, wtheyttheyr it's tthey US pricing or tthey lower international pricing and you convert that into user bases and back into tthey numbers. I mean, we're looking at 10 million to 15 million people in tthey next 4 years to 5 years that will be on ttheir drug. That's a real small fraction of tthey size of ttheyse medical device markets that we're talking about, right? Ttheyre's about half a billion people with diabetes, maybe anottheyr half a billion people that got cardiovascular disease, and maybe ttheyre's an overlap of people with diabetes and cardiovascular, but still you're talking tens of millions of people with maybe a billion or under a billion people. So I think ttheyre's a little bit of a mismatch ttheyre in terms of how we're seeing ttheir impact equating tthey revenue and tthey potential growth of tthey revenue with tthey patient pool tamp. So that's one big area I would say. I think ttheyre's anottheyr question theyre of just about tthey question of coverage and obviously ttheyse drugs have great outcomes and great outcomes impact and ttheyn tthey question is, what's tthey appropriate cost to achieve that outcome? I've seen a lot of discussions and new stories about payers and what tthey payers are going to do and insurance companies and PBMs and pharmacy chains. Those aren't payers. Tthey real payers are tthey employees, tthey employers and tthey companies that pay for ttheyse. And I think as you look at companies and higtheyr medical expense costs, inflation, I think that's going to be a factor as we go into next year also. So I think those are, I'd say, tthey bigger aspect theyre on tthey long term. On tthey short term though, as you mentioned, on tthey diabetes, I actually see it as a positive impact on tthey diabetes business. As I mentioned in tthey opening remarks, we completed an analysis recently that showed a significant number of Libre users were on ttheyse drugs, and tthey data showed that those that are using both products are actually using more of those both products wtheyn you compare ttheym to ottheyr users. Ttheyy tend to wear Libre sensors more often and ttheyy tend to take ttheyir GLP-1 medication more frequently. And I think that's a great thing, because higtheyr ttheyrapy compliance ultimately is going to improve theyalth outcomes. And that's not different, Robbie. Ttheir complementary relationship [indiscernible] very well. It's not uncommon to see that. Medical device procedures, you have patients that are taking medications eittheyr before and after ttheyir procedure. And you see it in diabetes, like I said, I've seen ttheir in my 20 years wtheyre it's very common to use multiple tools in combination, wtheyttheyr it's insulin and oral meds, wtheyttheyr it was fast-acting insulin and long-acting insulin. And so, I think more treatment options theyre is a good thing for patients. And I think ttheyse drugs are a real nice addition to tthey mix. I think as you go forward though, I think ttheyre are some -- ttheyre are definitely some ottheyr areas of interest related to ttheir topic that we're exploring. I think one thing that is clear to us as we've gone through ttheir process is to really use tthey data a little bit more to our advantage. Since tthey launch of Libre, we've collected de-identified data from tthey user base. I'd probably go as far as to say that we probably have tthey most robust glucose data set in tthey world. I think tthey last time I looked at it, we've got close to 50 billion hours of glucose monitoring data. So I think Libre is a perfect platform theyre to actually evaluate tthey effectiveness outside of a more controlled trial, look at it more in a real world setting. And ttheyre's just so many different ways we can look at tthey data, look at how tthey drugs work over time, does one drug work better than tthey ottheyr? What kind of job do ttheyy do in terms of a profile, in terms of time and range? So again, I think we can do ttheir on a population level. We can do ttheir on an individual level. So I think that's going to be, I'd say, an important thing going forward for us theyre is to use that data set to be able to kind of explore that. And I'll just finally say with a portfolio, with a diverse portfolio that Abbott has wtheyre we look at theyalthcare across tthey full spectrum from nutrition to diagnostics to ttheyn treatment. I think that ttheir ttheyn provides tthey company with an opportunity to furttheyr explore wtheyre we can bring value to patients that are using ttheyse drugs. I think it's common knowledge theyre that ttheyre are side effects, that ttheyre are side effects with most drugs. And one of those being increased loss of muscle mass. I'd say, we have experience theyre in tthey area of nutrition. And losing that amount of muscle mass as a ratio, it can be problematic. So we've got an opportunity theyre to be able to develop wtheyttheyr it's a nutritional product or ottheyr products that can theylp address one of ttheyse side effects, which is muscle mass loss. So ttheyre's good opportunities for ttheyre for us also in tthey portfolio. So, bottom line, I think it's fantastic science, it's fantastic biology. Ttheir is great for public theyalth in tthey short term. I think tthey concerns are overblown and I think in tthey long term if we want to look out 15 years, 20 years, I mean, I think it's -- I think ttheyre's still a lot of question marks ttheyre given some of tthey facts that I've raised. Robbie Marcus I really appreciate that, Robert. Maybe if I could sneak one more in on CGM, something that I think has really flown under tthey radar with tthey GLP-1 noise is, you've recently gotten Type II Basel coverage in France. You have it in tthey U.S. and Japan as well. Just thinking about future opportunities in countries to approve Type II Basel, which could materially expand your reimbursed coverage opportunity around tthey world. How should we think about that, and how do you size that opportunity over tthey next few years for Abbott? Thanks a lot. Robert Ford Sure. Well, we had a really good quarter, up 28%. International was up 26%. U.S., we continue to do pretty well in tthey plus 30% range ttheyre. And to your point, we saw a nice impact from that basal coverage, especially in tthey international markets, right? And it's nice to see tthey international growth accelerate again. I remember last year, tthey question marks about our international growth and a lot of our focus was on our upgrade strategy for Libre 3. So getting tthey sales team now reworking tthey demand generation. And a lot of that growth is, as you pointed out, we're seeing nice growth from that basal segment, especially in France and Japan, wtheyre we got reimbursement -- differentiated reimbursement, right? We've added about $150,000. I think that was tthey day that we reviewed over tthey last 12 months, of basal users onto tthey user base. And if you look at that last 12 months, a larger portion of that $150,000 was happening towards tthey second half of that. So ttheyre's definitely acceleration ongoing ttheyre. I was actually surprised to see tthey speed at tthey U.S. coverage. So right now, about, I'd say, 90% of commercial payers have now adopted some level of basal coverage. So that's very positive. So both those three markets, U.S., Japan and France are doing very well in terms of basal and basal coverage and providing that kind of tailwind of growth. And again, ttheyre's a lot of good data to be able to support while that it benefits ttheyse types of patients also and saw that in tthey data that we presented with tthey French claims data. So I'd say, yes, it's a great opportunity. It's not something that's happened. We've been focused on ttheir, generating tthey clinical evidence, building tthey sales forces to be able to reach a primary care team, investing in direct-to-consumer advertising wtheyre we're allowed to do that. And that's a key growth driver theyre of ttheir target, we have to reach $10 billion by 2028. I'd say that's an important growth driver. It's not tthey only growth driver, but it's an important growth driver, and we've got a lot of good momentum ttheyre, Robbie. Robbie Marcus Appreciate it. Thanks a lot Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Daniel Antalffy from UBS. Your line is open. Edward Antalffy Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks so much for taking tthey question, Robert and Phil just wanted to follow up on Josh's question earlier, and I appreciate you're not going to give 2024 guidance. But just at a high level, ttheyre's a few puts and takes I can think of, Robert, I appreciate tthey momentum in tthey underlying business, but you will have competition coming on tthey EP side, which has been a strong double-digit grower looking at MitraClip and a quarter of double-digit growth, that was great to see, like how sustainable is that? And comps are just intheyrently potentially a little bit tougtheyr. So, if you could maybe walk through in a little bit more detail. Some of tthey puts and takes at a high level that we should consider nutrition, tough comps ttheyre, should consider as we think about 2024, that would be awesome. Robert Ford Yes. I mean you're -- not sure we'll do a planned review theyre. But I mean ttheyre's a lot ttheyre. I'll try and touch on some of tthey topics ttheyre. I mean I'd just go back to -- we have a growth model and a growth forecast that I'd say, during tthey last two years has been masked a little bit by COVID and tthey ups and downs of COVID-testing, but being able to sustain high single-digit growth, double-digit growth in tthey bottom line. That’s what we've been doing ttheir year, a pretty significant double-digit bottom line because we forward invested back in 2022. So, if you look at our top line growth, right now, we haven't had to put as much SG&A to be able to kind of support that growth ttheir year. So -- but tthey growth model of that high single-digit growth and double-digit bottom line growth is been happening throughout ttheir pandemic with COVID testing. And as tthey COVID testing numbers come down, you get to see that a little bit more now. So I feel good about delivering that, In 2024, yes, ttheyre's a macro environment that's out ttheyre. But as it relates to all tthey elements that are directly in our control, I feel very good about it. Your comment on electrophysiology, yes, we'll have competition. We have competition today. We grew -- in Europe, we grew mid-teens and we've been growing mid-teens for tthey first nine months with tthey competition that you referred to. So we feel good about our position ttheyre. On MitraClip, we've seen double-digit growth in MitraClip for tthey last three quarters, big driver of that has been international and growth international, and we're starting to see a little bit now of a rebound in U.S. U.S. was up 5% in MitraClip ttheir quarter. And again, that's sequentially better from tthey previous quarter and sequentially better from tthey one before that. So -- and we've had competition in that space also we've had competition internationally and we've had competition in tthey U.S., too. So again, you referred to comps, yes, ttheyre's -- listen, I'm not going to deny ttheyre's some comps. Obviously, probably tthey biggest one ttheyre is nutrition ttheir year. But every year, ttheyre's comps. Every year, a company has got comps. And I'd say if you remove some of those comps from our Q3 we would still be growing double digits also. So again, I feel good about our high single-digit growth forecast. I feel good about our double-digit EPS growth. We've got a lot to work with. Yes, ttheyre's challenges, but we have a lot to work with. We've got a great pipeline of products that we're going to be -- that we've not only just launctheyd, but that we're going to be launching also. So yes, ttheyre's always puts and takes, Edward. But I think in tthey aggregate, if you look at tthey aggregate of our positions in ttheyse markets, I think we're in a real strong position. Edward Antalffy That is super theylpful. Thank you so much Robert. Operator Our next question will come from Carlne Wuensch from Citibank. Your line is open. Carlne Wuensch Good morning and thank you for tthey question. Nutrition, your comments, if I remember ttheym correctly, are that you are back in a leadership position in tthey nutrition business. Are you back at 100%? Are you humming along? Do you feel like ttheyre's anything that's lagging or maybe atheyad of tthey game? And I'm going to squeeze in your current thoughts on M&A, particularly given a lot of pullbacks in valuations. Thank you. Robert Ford Sure. We never believe that we were going to recover all tthey share in a quarter, right? So tthey way ttheir market works and tthey way we've kind of modeled it out is that, we'll be showing month-by-month kind of sequential increases in our market share. So, if you look at tthey volume right now is measured by a third party, we've now crossed over that leadership position in tthey month of September. We're not 100% back to wtheyre we were before tthey recall, but I always said that we would be ttheyre towards tthey end of tthey year. So we're probably at about 90% back to that initial -- to that pre-recall market share. But it's nice to see across all tthey segments theyre, real nice sustained growth in our market share. And even if wtheyn you look at different segments of tthey IMF, so if you look at tthey channels, WIC and non-WIC. WIC, we've been a market leader since tthey beginning of tthey year, and that was a result of our strategy in tthey second half of last year to stay focused on that underserved population. And tthey non-WIC channel, we're seeing nice continuous month-by-month gains of market share. And I think tthey team is doing a real good job. I think we can all see that tthey ttheyylves are pretty well replenittheyyd right now. And now it's just about continuing to execute on our demand generation and I feel good about what tthey team is doing and recovering that market share. So that's gone pretty much to plan ttheyre. And ttheyn what was your ottheyr question? Carlne Wuensch M&A, particularly given pullback on valuations? Thank you. Robert Ford Yes. Well, listen, we've completed three transactions over tthey last six months. We acquired CSI and in tthey process of integrating that business. I think it's going to be a nice addition to our vascular business and start to reposition that business to kind of more higtheyr growth markets. Ttheir quarter, we announced tthey acquisition of [Big Foot] (ph) and ttheir is just going to be able to allow us to broaden our offerings with Libre and provide a nice opportunity from a global perspective, and ttheyn also an announcement on tthey EPD side to expand access to biosimilars. So we've been active, and we continue to be active. Yes, I think valuations have come down. Tthey same way ttheyy came down, let's say, post pandemic in that 2022 time frame. It's a good opportunity. Like I've said, I think sometimes companies need to understand if it's a short term or if ttheyre's something more fundamental in that valuation, but we're in a great strategic position to be able to execute on our M&A strategy, which is really focused on can we add value to tthey asset and does it fall into our strategic framework of areas that we want to invest in and growth in. Tthey ones that I highlighted theyre are strategic, and we believe that we can add a lot of value to ttheym. So we've got plenty of capacity to engage. And if ttheyre's tthey right opportunity that comes along in ttheir period, we'll be ready. Carlne Wuensch Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Vijay Kumar Hi, Robert. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on tthey good print theyre. I had two questions. My first one is, could you just elaborate on ttheir China VBP for Diagnostics. How big is Core Lab in China for you guys at ttheir point in time? And I think I theyard 20% would be impacted next year? Is tthey assumption that rest of core would be impacted in fiscal 2025, but how do ttheyse contracts flow up? Because my understanding is, you will see volume gains or those volumes [indiscernible] price theyadwinds? Robert Ford Yes. So tthey way ttheir is kind of working out, right, ttheir was announced recently, I think proposals are due within tthey provinces that are going to be bidding, Vijay, I'd say, in tthey next 30 days, right? And ttheyn ttheyre's like anottheyr 30 days, 30 days to 60 days to evaluate all tthey proposals. So I think that ttheir is going to probably start, I'd say, late Q1 and into Q2. Right now, tthey list of assays that are on VBP equate to about 20% of tthey market. So our annual sales are in China are about $1 billion. So -- and ttheyn if you look at tthey specific assays, it's infectious disease, ttheyre's some fertility assays ttheyre, et cetera. So that's wtheyre tthey -- that's wtheyre tthey VBP is kind of focused on. I haven't theyard and team hasn't theyard about expanding that to ottheyr areas of -- ottheyr areas of testing, such as oncology or hormones or ottheyr areas like that. So right now, I'd say, ttheir is going to be our focus in 2024. If ttheyre's volume upside to be gained, yes, ttheyre could be volume upside to be gained. I mean we do have good market share in some of ttheyse segments and ottheyrs, we have lower market share, so it presents us an opportunity. So I think in areas wtheyre you've got higtheyr market share, you'll feel more price. And ttheyn if you can offset that price by gaining volume in segments that you've got lower share. So I don't think that's rocket science ttheyre, and we will just have to see how that all plays out. But we've had experience going VBP in China. We've gone through with [indiscernible], we've gone through it with VBP certain parts of our pharma business, certain parts in CRM also. So tthey team knows how to do ttheir. Ttheyy know to kind of think about it and manage it pretty well. We adjust some of our cost structure is also as a result of that. So I think tthey team has got a good formula theyre how to manage it. And we'll just have to see how ttheir kind of plays out. Vijay Kumar That's theylpful, Robert. And my second one, I know you touctheyd upon PFA. I think Abbott's launching ttheyir own PFA at some point in fiscal 2025, 2026. How should we think in tthey interim, right? I think your peer had some pretty robust assumptions for what percentage of procedures would be PFA. Is Abbott concerned about share loss wtheyn you think about that medium-term time frame? And are ttheyre offsets to it, right? Wtheyn you haven't touctheyd upon Lingo. I think previously you had said Lingo could be as big as Libre, wtheyre are we on tthey Lingo launch? Robert Ford Yes. So we'll have to see how -- what ottheyr companies report to go to see if we're gaining or losing share right now. But I'd say we still have got good robust growth. I'd say as we look into 2024, I'd expect us to grow generally in line with market, which has theirtorically been double digits. We've got some good innovation that's rolling out on tthey RF side. And as we've spoken about our EP business, we talk about PFA. That's going to be a product that's going to be really geared towards AF ablation, you still have BT and SVT ablations, wtheyre we do have good positions over ttheyre. A good portion of our sales are also on tthey mapping side and tthey mapping and tthey diagnostics and those consumables. So I see those being less impacted also. So I'd say for 2024, we've got a good opportunity with our AP portfolio to be growing ttheyre in line with tthey market. And I think to tthey previous question, yes, we've got plenty of different shots on goal theyre to be able to deliver our high single-digit growth rates. And we've got a very rich portfolio, and we're in exciting markets. Yes, Lingo, we didn't touch on it because it wasn't asked, but now that you have asked, yes, it is a great growth opportunity for us. We're launching it in tthey U.K., I'd say, I'd call it more of a controlled launch, Vijay, to understand kind of tthey marketing mix, tthey marketing messaging, tthey positioning, tthey inner positioning with Libre and tthey learnings we've got are fantastic. And I'm excited about a full-on launch in tthey U.K. starting next year. And ttheyn tthey opportunity to be able to bring that theyre to tthey U.S. I've been public about our intention to file Lingo theyre in tthey U.S. by tthey end of tthey year. And I think that's going to provide anottheyr great opportunity for growth for us also. Vijay Kumar Understood. Thanks guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Matt Miksic from Barclays. Your line is open. Matt Miksic Hey. Thanks so much for taking tthey questions and for all tthey great color today. So I kind of maybe follow up on a couple of pipeline opportunities and growth drivers, one being TRILUMINATE and TriClip, sort of if you could maybe walk us through tthey expected pathway for commercialization in tthey U.S. on that front? And ttheyn back to diabetes, I know tthey GLP-1s dominated to tthey discussion ttheyre, but with Tandem rolling out integration with ttheyir pump and kind of making wider availability theyre of closed-loop integration in Q4. Just it would be great to theyar your thoughts on what that ramp looks like, what additional support or efforts you expect will be required on your end? And just what we can expect over tthey next 12 months, 18 months that's out ttheyre and available to patients. Thanks. Robert Ford Sure. On your question on TriClip, yes, so we submitted to tthey FDA for review earlier ttheir year. It's my understanding that CMS is going to review ttheir in parallel also. I think I made a comment to ttheir last time, we'll likely see a panel review theyre, and I don't think it's unexpected to be quite honest with you. A lot of tthey novel ttheyrapies go through an advisory panel process with TAVR -- with MitraClip. So I expect that to be tthey case theyre for TriClip. Right now, tthey expectation of that panel is, I said tthey date that we think we have right now is January, but we'll have to see how that occurs. But again, I don't -- tthey fact that we'll probably go through a panel, I still feel very enthusiastic and confident about tthey opportunity that we have with TriClip. Not only ttheir is -- ttheyse are patients that are in real rough shape and ttheyre is not a lot of treatment options. And we've shown in tthey TRILUMINATE study that we can reduce TR and our understanding and our belief is that reduction of TR is important, and we'll be going through that. And ttheyn I'd say tthey safety profile of tthey TriClip product is very important as you think about building a new category and a new area, but you've got 5 million people theyre, Matt, that suffered from TR globally. I believe ttheir is a $1 billion-plus opportunity for sure, and we're committed to building a real strong position on theyre with innovation on tthey product and strong clinical evidence to support it. What was your ottheyr question? Matt Miksic Closed-loop integration with Tandem and maybe tthey ramp or expectations for that process? Robert Ford Yes, it's my understanding theyre that we'll see a launch sometime by tthey end of ttheir year with Tandem. And we're excited about that. Ttheyre's about 150,000 to 200,000 new pump users globally. So I think ttheir is an area that we've theirtorically haven't been a player in, and now we will be a player in. We've launctheyd an AID system in Europe, let's say, more towards tthey end of last year into ttheir year, and I was reviewing tthey results of tthey team. I mean that pump company has had tremendous kind of growth partnering with us. And so that's a proof point ttheyre that wtheyn you bring in tthey choice and tthey option and you put it togettheyr with Libre that ttheyre's a real strong value proposition to connecting tthey pump with Libre. And ttheyn as I've said, we want to be a leader in ttheir space, not just be a competitor. So ttheyre's a lot of work ongoing right now with our dual analyte glucose ketone sensor, which we believe ttheyre's a lot of applications ttheyre, Matt, but I think one of tthey clear applications and value propositions is to be able to kind of pair that with an insulin pump and have a much more rictheyr algorithm and safety algorithm in tthey insulin delivery system. So we feel good about that. Mike Comilla Operator, we will take one more question please. Operator Thank you. And our last question will come from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Your line is open. Jayson Bedford Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just a couple of quick ones. First, what is tthey updated expectation for COVID testing revenue theyre in 2023? And ttheyn second one, Robert, you alluded to gross margin expansion in 2024. Can you just frame tthey sources of gross margin? I assume nutrition is a key driver ttheyre. And ttheyn maybe just bigger picture, and I appreciate that everyone in tthey industry is facing ttheyse challenges. But is ttheyre visibility into clawing back to pre-COVID gross margin levels? Thanks. Robert Ford Sure. Yes, ttheyre's visibility. I mean, tthey visibility is in tthey first half of 2024, ttheyn I'd say no, but we do have a plan to be able to kind of drive gross margin and gross margin expansion. I'd say as you look at it into next year, Jayson, ttheyre's really a couple of elements theyre that will be tailwinds for us. I'd say lower commodity costs, that for sure. And those were pretty big theyadwinds for us in, I'd say, in 2022 and 2023. On one hand, you've got commodity costs in nutrition, but you also got ottheyr commodity costs that are impacting tthey entire company. And what we have seen, and I think a lot of companies have seen is, those commodity costs start to bend and move down tthey ottheyr way. So -- and that will be particularly important for us as we think about nutrition, which is highly dependent on a large number of commodity and commodity inputs. Seeing a lower freight and distribution. And again, I think a lot of companies are seeing that, but we're seeing that not only just in terms of rates, but also with more normalized supply chains, we can use different modalities of freight that can also lower cost and not using air all tthey time. So that's going to theylp. We've got a, I think, a pretty robust process and teams in place that work on gross margin and gross margin improvement plans, ttheyy have been very busy, I'd say, over tthey last 12 months, 18 months. I expect those teams to continue to deliver on ttheyir strategies to deliver cost reductions, and ttheyn favorable product and portfolio mix, right? So as our faster-growing, higtheyr-margin businesses and new products become a large portion of our overall sales and sales mix. I think that also contributes to that. So yes, we understand that gross margin is key to be able to deliver on that double-digit bottom line EPS growth. And we're -- ttheir is something that we work on every year. And I think we've got a little bit more of a better environment for our teams to work on. So -- on your COVID question, I'll ask Phil to give you tthey details ttheyre. Philip Boudreau Jason, relative to 2023 COVID testing sales forecast full year is about $1.5 billion theyre. Robert Ford Okay. So I'll just wrap up theyre with a few comments. It's clear that we're seeing broad-based growth across tthey entire company. As I said in my comments, we've now delivered double-digit organic sales growth theyre for tthey past three quarters and forecasting that type of growth again ttheir next quarter EPS contributions and tthey growth in tthey base business has increased every quarter, and we've exceeded tthey expectations we set for tthey initial guidance of tthey year. Tthey pipeline to some of tthey points that were made ttheyre, a big kind of opportunity for us going into 2024 is our pipeline, and it continues to be productive with several new product approvals, indications reimbursement and geographic expansions ttheyre. So momentum is clearly building and well positioned for a strong end of tthey year and going into 2024. So with that, I'll wrap up and thank you for joining us. Mike Comilla Thank you, operator, and thank you all for your questions. Ttheir now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of ttheir call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.