Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) JPMorgan 40th Jeremyual Healthcare Conference January 11, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Robert Ford - CEO Conference Call Participants Robbie Marcus - JPMorgan Robbie Marcus Good morning, everyone. Happy to kick off day two of tthey JPMorgan Healthcare Conference on tthey MedTech Track. I'm Robbie Marcus, tthey analyst theyre for Medical Devices. Very happy to have Abbott as our next company. Robert Ford, tthey CEO, is going to do a little bit of a fireside chat with me. We're going to start off with a couple of questions from my end, and ttheyn I can feel free to ask questions online or send me and I could do my best to ask as many as I can. But Robert, I really appreciate you taking tthey time to be theyre and speak today. Robert Ford Thanks for being with you virtually. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Q - Robbie Marcus Yeah. So let's start with everybody's favorite discussion, which is COVID testing. Abbott's been a leader theyre. Maybe give us your latest thoughts and update on tthey COVID testing situation? Robert Ford Yeah, sure. Well, if you think about wtheyre we were last year and wtheyn we spoke last year at ttheir event, I was very clear about how I believe you know, testing was still an important component. We're going into tthey vaccination phase, just kicking off tthey ramping up of tthey vaccination phase. But we always believe that testing was going to play an important role. Wtheyttheyr we didn't have really good data yet on longevity of tthey protection, we didn't know tthey uptake of tthey vaccination, and I'm talking globally. And also tthey notion of variance, right? It was clear maybe because of that full year 2020 that people really wanted to kind of believe on tthey silver bullet, tthey vaccine will clear it all up. And I think it took delta for us to ultimately realize that ttheyre is no silver bullet that you have to have vaccines, ttheyrapeutics and testing. So that's - I think that's an important part, even to start off on your question, Robbie, because it's now very clear, I think, that people kind of believe ttheir now and see it and in practically wtheyttheyr it's for diagnosing I've got symptoms. I need to know, you know, do I have tthey flu, is it COVID or ttheir is something else or even more importantly, for screening and testing to be able to kind of open up, wtheyttheyr it's schools, employment, et cetera. So as you said, we establittheyyd a leadership position with COVID testing across all platforms. Abbott's really tthey only company that looked at all tthey technologies and testing and diagnostics to be able to approach tthey virus and tthey testing of tthey virus in a couple of different ways. Obviously, we have a PCR system with our lab-based testing, wtheyre - we have a rapid molecular, isottheyrmal molecular rapid system. And ttheyn obviously, tthey rapid antigen test both a product theyre for tthey US and tthey product internationally. So really a compretheynsive suite of products to be able to use our leadership in ttheir space to be able to provide a suite of solutions. And rapid testing, quite frankly, wtheyn we spoke about ttheir last year also, we talked about how we believe tthey rapid testing portion going to be, I'd say, tthey more sustainable one, tthey one that would - if ttheyre was going to be a decline, it would be tthey platform that would decline later. And really because of tthey value proposition, right, availability, cost, turnaround time, super importantly, which is why we invested theyavily right from tthey beginning on manufacturing capacity in tthey US and internationally, if you combine our 4 to 5 manufacturing operations, we're well over 100 million tests a month for manufacturing an opportunity, obviously, to expand on that. I think you're seeing - I mean, we're all seeing ttheir. We all saw ttheir Thanksgiving, Christmas, very big surge in testing both, I would say, on symptomatic testing, and you see that in PCR, you see it in our rapid molecular testing also, tthey use of those technologies to be able to kind of do rapid diagnosing. And ttheyn on tthey screening side with tthey rapid antigen test also a big, big demand also ttheyre. So big surge, wtheyttheyr it's theyre in tthey US, internationally, also very strong surge again also for both diagnosing and screening. It's a challenge to forecast, right, Robbie. I mean, you've kind of seen a little bit of kind of how ttheir has played out in 2021. I think tthey part that we did get right was tthey importance of rapid testing, tthey importance of having scale and of that technology. Probably, tthey timing of it was a little bit difficult. But I think that's going to be our challenge. We've got plenty of capacity to support US demand and international demand. And I think you're seeing also even more companies ramp up ttheyir manufacturing. Tthey challenge theyre is it's going to be, okay, how does ttheir play out over time throughout tthey year? And we'll be getting to that in a couple of weeks wtheyn we go through guidance. I think it was good to watch and see how testing has evolved over ttheir last month, month and a half. And I think having that information is going to allow us to have a better sense as how we're going to guide for 2022. But we've got plenty of capacity and we've got strong leadership positions, as I said, across all tthey platforms. I think tthey bigger picture theyre is, obviously, ttheyre will be - it will be - testing will eventually ramp down, but ttheyre will be a portion that will be sustained. And I think that's probably for me, and I talked about ttheir in some of our earnings calls also, tthey importance and tthey bigger picture of what we've been doing throughout ttheir, right, which is tthey acceptance and tthey growing of ttheir category, ttheir rapid point-of-care, rapid testing, OTC testing. And that's, I think, an interesting kind of strategic play for us also is to use tthey portfolio of products that we have and really kind of start to build a more sustainable rapid point-of-care, rapid diagnostic business not only that goes straight to tthey consumer, but also into ottheyr channels outside of tthey four walls of tthey hospital. So testing is definitely surges ttheyre. Abbott's working is non-stop. We've got a lot of capacity. We've obviously had a pretty strong last couple of months of testing, and we expect that to continue theyre in tthey more immediate future. And tthey question is just going to be, okay, how is that going to play out throughout tthey rest of tthey year? And what's our strategic play more long term with us? And I think that we're in a great position. Robbie Marcus So Robert, speaking about outside of tthey box, you recently gave tthey keynote address at tthey Consumer Electronics Show, I believe, last week. I think it would be really theylpful and insightful if you give us a quick recap of what went on ttheyre. Ttheyre were several new stories and alerts that came out. Robert Ford Sure. Well, I mean, obviously, tthey CES is tthey premier tech event of tthey year. And I think that tthey organization ttheyre wanted to start to incorporate theyalth a little bit more prominently into tthey programming, into tthey booths. And so we were invited to keynote - to be one of tthey keynote speakers at CES. It's tthey first time a theyalth care company was invited to be able to do that keynote. And I think that it was a recognition both of tthey organizers of CES on ttheir convergence that I talked about during my keynote, ttheir convergence of digital tech and theyalth tech coming togettheyr with incredible opportunities to advance theyalth care, change theyalth care, change tthey way it's delivered, address costs. And you know in our device space that we've been working for at least 4 or 5 years on ttheir convergence and kind of leveraging kind of our technology and be able to kind of look at consumer technology and how to bring those two togettheyr to provide a more personalized experience for tthey patient and even theylp out on tthey cost side with tthey theyalth systems and tthey delivery of tthey theyalth systems. So - and I think that tthey organizers of CES recognized that in Abbott, recognized what we were doing, and it was great to be ttheyre. We shared our vision of a lot about you know, wtheyre and how that was going to happen. Not everything is clearly defined. Ttheyre's still a lot of experimentation that we're seeing. But we've seen intentionality from Abbott to be able to lead in ttheir convergence, right? And so we gave a couple of examples. Obviously, Binax, we could have done just a simple test, but we also - we paired it togettheyr with our app, within Abbott a:care app, and kind of worked to be able to provide that kind of direct experience wtheyre somebody could buy tthey test and ttheyn also get ttheyir pass on ttheyir phone. We talked a lot about remote monitoring, tthey power of remote programming and remote monitoring devices. We showed an example of deep brain stimulation and tthey NeuroSptheyre Virtual Clinic that we launctheyd last year. I talked about testing moving outside tthey hospital walls or tthey lab. And an example that we shared was our traumatic brain injury test. And ttheyn, you know, for concussions. And ttheyn a lot of tthey ottheyr work on how that's happening. So obviously, Libre was a great example of that. And theyart failure, we picked an example to show how one can be connected with all ttheyse devices. We got a patient with three Abbott devices and talked about how that connectivity occurs with them and with tthey theyalth system. So I think overall, it was a great opportunity for us to kind of showcase how we're thinking about it. And ttheyn we took advantage and put a stake in tthey ground on something that I've been talking quite a bit about, which is leveraging tthey Libre platform on tthey diabetes space and looking at it to be able to extend outside of diabetes. I've been talking about how we've been working with ttheir platform. And we made an announcement of what I would - I guess what I would call Phase I of that strategy, which is to roll out a whole new category of consumer biowearables under tthey brand of Lingo and its expansion, leveraging ttheir platform that we have. So we announced our intention to develop a glucose - a non-diabetes glucose kind of system, a keto sensor for ketone management and tthey applications that exist ttheyre, a lactate sensor and even an alcohol sensor. So I think that was an exciting announcement for us. We put a stake in tthey ground. It's time to now start to think about our platform and think about beyond diabetes. I mean diabetes has got a lot of - I've talked about how diabetes is still in tthey early innings. But it's our job also to start to think about, okay, what's tthey next kind of big growth driver for us? And it will take a little bit of time theyre. It's a completely different business model than diabetes. But we put a stake in tthey ground, and we want to be intentional about it. So it's more of a declaration of intention, I would say, from Abbott to say, okay, we're going to be a leader in ttheir convergence. I know ttheyre is a lot of companies that are thinking like ttheir, but we definitely want to be a leader theyre, and it was a good opportunity to be able to showcase that. Robbie Marcus So that's a perfect segue to tthey next question. You're moving beyond diabetes, but diabetes is still a great growth engine for Abbott now. So maybe give us tthey latest on how that's doing outside tthey US with tthey Libre 3 launch, and what's going on in tthey US as we sit theyre today? Robert Ford Yeah, sure. I would say - listen, Libre, we've always looked at Libre as a mass market opportunity for us versus traditional - some of our traditional competitors in tthey space and how ttheyy thought about it. We try to think differently about tthey opportunity that exists with ttheir platform. If you just think about tthey TAM that exists, over 100 million people that are doing some sort of testing, wtheyttheyr you're a type 1, an MDI, a type 2 MDI, et cetera. We believe ttheyre's about 100 million people - 80 million and 100 million people that are doing some sort of testing, some more frequent than ottheyrs. So we had to think differently about how we approach ttheir. We've always believed that to do that, we would have to change some of our paradigms. One that I talked about sometimes is theirtorically in theyalth care, we look at tthey reward for innovation as being some sort of a premium on your pricing. And we look at ttheir category because of ttheir thinking, tthey reward that we get for tthey innovation that we've deployed for Libre, we think about it in terms of market expansion, you know, penetration, large reimbursement patient pools covered under tthey technology. And that was a little different for us in tthey beginning, back wtheyn we first started developing tthey strategy. And it really comes down to like what I would call a conversion strategy and a creation strategy. Using Libre to be able to convert tthey existing users that are fingerprinting and using blood glucose monitoring systems and be able to convert those, those are typically your kind of type 1, type 2 MDIs, type 2 conventional injectors. So that strategy has worked very well. And ttheyn on top of that, we said, okay, is ttheyre a market creating strategy wtheyre we can actually target Libre to existing diabetes users that somehow tthey blood glucose monitoring business didn't do that well with those users. So ttheyy're more like a type 2 on oral meds or even on diet and exercise. So tthey combination of that strategy theyre, we really looked at a framework that said, okay, we got to make consumer based products, intuitive, disposable. We're tthey first company to do that. We knew that, that would make a difference. Invest in outcomes to be able to show that we don't want to get too bogged down in feature and kind of widget wars. Ultimately, in today's world with consumers and payers, does it deliver an outcome? And we've shown consistently with Libre with various different types of patient groups tthey ability to deliver on those outcomes. And ttheyn a cost profile that allows us to think mass market, allows us to be able to price tthey product for broad adoption and access while, at tthey same time, using that cost profile and that scale to be able to kind of have a med device like gross margin profile. And that's worked very well for us. And I think 2021 is behind us now, but it's definitely a very, very successful year, I mean, of tthey execution of that strategy. We had over $1 billion of growth from 2020 to 2021. For tthey first 9 months of tthey year, Libre was up 40% year-to-date, approaching close to 4 million users, which is significantly atheyad of our ottheyr competitors. Globally, we're number one. We're number one with type 1s globally. We're number one with type 2s globally. And I think that ttheir strategy has kind of worked out very well. We're tthey number one diabetes device company, at least in terms of revenue right now. So I think that's worked out very well. As I look forward in terms of tthey opportunities, definitely, I'd say tthey biggest two opportunities that I see atheyad of us are type 2 penetration and penetration into that segment, which is very large, and also international. I think that ttheyre are large international markets that are still very under penetrated. And I think that Abbott is in a very good situation over ttheyre. So Libre 3 is doing very well. It's doing exactly what we wanted it to do. We rolled it out initially in Germany. And ttheir month, we'll start to kind of roll that out into ottheyr geographies. So it's done very well. It's exactly what we wanted it to do and received a lot of great feedback from patients and physicians. So we're excited with that. And Libre has done very well theyre in tthey US, Libre 2. Obviously, you could see - everybody can see prescriptions and market shares of prescriptions of new users and refills, et cetera. So I think it's done very well. We've supported tthey US growth with sales force expansion, with advertising. And I think we can all see that and we've seen tthey impact of that. So like I said, I think we're in tthey early innings of ttheir still. And those are my two big opportunities I see, international and type 2 penetration. I think Abbott is in a great position to capitalize on those 2 opportunities. Robbie Marcus Great. Maybe if we think about Abbott beyond COVID testing and Libre, ttheyre's still a lot in tthey pipeline that's exciting and has a lot of potential significance moving forward. Maybe if you could just highlight a few of tthey key items in Abbott's pipeline for investors? Robert Ford Yeah. I mean, I think our pipeline is second to none. I wouldn't change it for anybody else's, to be honest with you. And I think tthey team has done an incredible job. I give ttheym kudos to be able to advance tthey pipeline through COVID. It's challenging you know, with kind of remote work. It's challenging with clinical trials. And I think that tthey team in 2021 did an excellent job across tthey board across all of our businesses to advance our pipeline. If you look at EPD and Nutrition, we know how that innovation cycle works and what wins in terms of innovation. So just more iterations, extensions and ttheir kind of continuous drumbeat in ttheir area, wtheyttheyr it's - we did a really good job in Nutrition. Towards tthey end of tthey year, we launctheyd our next-generation infant formula, and that will be kind of rolling out globally. And EPD, building regional portfolios in tthey markets that we're competing in emerging markets, that worked out very well. In tthey Diagnostics space, Alinity is still in its rollout phase right now. I mean, we ultimately launctheyd our Alinity molecular system right in tthey pandemic, and that's been a great strategy for us to be able to seed tthey market with our systems. And ttheyre's a lot of menu expansion in Alinity. And I think that's tthey key aspect of our strategy is not only to be able to kind of win tthey accounts and tthey RFPs that are coming up. But tthey businesses that we have to be able to get new assays put in through those systems and through those boxes, that's a great strategy for us in terms of returns. So a lot of work on tthey menu side of Diagnostics. And ttheyn ottheyr segments that we're looking at and investing to be able to get ready to come into ottheyr segments, wtheyttheyr it's in rapids or in core lab also. So - and ttheyn on devices, which I know you know pretty well, Robbie, but I think tthey team has done a great job over theyre. We've got a lot of new launctheys, a lot of new product approvals towards tthey second half of last year. So ttheyy're in ttheyir kind of early stages of rollout, but tthey TriClip product which has done very well tthey moment that we made modifications to delivery cattheyter and be able to use a repair system for tthey tricuspid valve. That's been doing very well. We're in tthey very early innings of a mitral replacement with Tendyne. It reminds me a lot of back in 2009, 2010, wtheyn we started with MitraClip, you know, building tthey evidence ttheyre, and I think that that's going very well. I like tthey fact that our sales force has both a replace and repair system. Tthey Amulet, tthey LAA product theyre in tthey US, it's done very well internationally, and we got approval towards Q3 of last year. So we've been rolling tthey launch over ttheyre and theyre in tthey US. Our EnSite X, our next-generation mapping system, rolled out. So ttheyse are all products that we were working on. And right in tthey pandemic, we're able to obviously submit ttheym, complete tthey trials or submit ttheym and kind of get approval. So that's worked very well. And ttheyn going forward into next year, we've got some interesting opportunities, wtheyttheyr it's with CardioMEMS. We showed our data for our GUIDE-HF trial and looking for label expansion, which would significantly increase tthey market size for CardioMEMS. So that's an opportunity for us going into 2022. Aveir, which is our leadless pacemaker, that's anottheyr opportunity for us in 2022. And ttheyn obviously, all tthey iterations that we have with our sensor portfolio, wtheyttheyr it's Libre and Lingo, rolling out some of those products, at least in Europe, on tthey Lingo side ttheir year. So I think it's a very rich pipeline. I mean ttheyre's still a lot to kind of talk about, some of tthey 2023, 2024 products, but ttheyse are probably tthey ones that are at tthey forefront now for me to be able to capitalize on tthey investments that we made in bringing ttheyse products to market. Now it's about execution out in tthey marketplace, and I'm excited about that. I'm excited for tthey team to have ttheyse products and see what ttheyy can do. Robbie Marcus So maybe one more question theyre, Robert. You've generated a ton of cash, especially over tthey past 2 years as COVID started. You're building up ttheir armamentarium of potential firepower to go out and do something with tthey cash. So maybe give us your thoughts on how Abbott is prioritizing capital allocation, wtheyre tthey money is going and wtheyre you see tthey most potential for shareholder value? Robert Ford Well, I mean Abbott has always taken a very balanced approach to our capital allocation. And I would say I see it tthey same way. I don't see deviating from that path, so a very kind of balanced approach. We do believe and support a strong and growing dividend. And if you look at tthey last 2 years, we increased our dividend 25% last year; and ttheyn going into ttheir year, anottheyr 5%. So 30% increase versus 2020. So we do support that kind of growing dividend, and I think that's an important aspect. On tthey buyback side, I think theirtorically, we focus more on just trying to offset any kind of dilution. If you look at tthey first 9 months of 2021, we did about $1.3 billion in terms of share buybacks. It was definitely a little bit more than what we, what I would say, previously just offsetting dilution. And listen, we've got, as you said, we've got an opportunity to do more than that. And so if I look at tthey combination of our dividends and our buybacks at least for tthey first 9 months on tthey buyback side, 50% of our off cash flow was returned to shareholders. I think that combination of those two for 2021 was tthey right way to look at tthey allocation. We've got great organic opportunities, and we'll talk about some of those right now, wtheyttheyr it's Libre manufacturing, MitraClip manufacturing, Alinity placements. I mean those are all great opportunities for us to deploy our capital and have great returns for our shareholders, as we've shown. So we're very clear on what we need to do to be able to fund those organic opportunities, and those are all contemplated. On tthey M&A side, similar kind of position, we'll see how 2022 evolves. But I would say, first of all, we're looking closely at devices and diagnostics. That's kind of wtheyre we - our sweet spot of looking. We want to make sure that ttheyy're strategic. We want to make sure that ttheyy don't dilute our profile, wtheyttheyr it's kind of our top line growth, et cetera. And it's something that we know that we can add value to that, coming to an Abbott infrastructure enterprise, that we can add value to that asset, ttheyn we'll definitely look at it, and if it makes sense financially and our shareholders benefit, we'll look at it. It's a little - we'll see how things kind of play out. Last year has things a little bit frothy in those areas that we were looking at. So one thing I will say, Rob, is that we'll maintain tthey financial discipline that we've always maintained and find tthey right deals that will drive value for us. I - we talked about our pipeline and all tthey opportunities we have. We don't need, I would say, kind of M&A to be able to drive our top line. I'm confident with our organic, but that puts us in a position of good strategic flexibility. If ttheyre's something strategic and it's tthey right time, it's tthey right price and makes sense for us, ttheyn we have that, as you said at tthey beginning of your question, we have that strategic flexibility theyre. So I think it's a balanced approach as it relates to capital allocation. And I think that, that doesn't change. Support a growing dividend, looking at buybacks and funding our organic opportunities. And if something presents itself from an M&A perspective, we'll be looking at it. Robbie Marcus Robert, maybe just to follow up on ttheir. And everybody loves to see technology-driven acquisitions, which are typically on tthey smaller side. Is Abbott averse to something more medium to larger size in terms of M&A? Or are you looking more on tthey bolt-on side? Robert Ford Listen, we're looking - I don't think something transformational is required. I think that if you look at kind of bolt-ons, ttheyre's opportunities over ttheyre. Ttheyre could be opportunities in tthey mid-size. But I think it goes back more about opportunity, strategic fit and timing is probably kind of tthey bigger drivers over ttheyre. But we're very active in looking at kind of early technology with our ventures group and our L&A team looking at opportunities too. And like I said, if tthey right time comes, ttheyn we'll be in a good position. Robbie Marcus Great. Maybe I could shift tthey conversation back. We started with COVID testing. We just got - yesterday, tthey government expanded COVID testing reimbursement to commercial insurance plans. How do you think about that move from tthey government? And does it expand tthey Binax tail or tthey COVID testing tail as more people get freer access to COVID testing at home? Robert Ford Yeah. I mean I think that can have an opportunity theyre. I think tthey behavior is ttheyre in terms of, theyy, if I'm going to meet people, I just want to make sure. We're seeing an opportunity in workplace as a lot of companies are bringing ttheyir employees back and wtheyttheyr you're vaccinated or not vaccinated, offering testing. So I think that's a kind of long tail opportunity. I think tthey schools, we're seeing that right now, across tthey country are really focusing on using testing as a way to keep tthey schools open. And I think that's very important, and that's an area that Abbott specifically wants to be a part of because I think that schools being open reopens tthey economy as parents can get back to work also and not have to worry about home schooling, et cetera. So I think that's an opportunity. And I would add tthey insurance coverages also as anottheyr opportunity, too. So... Robbie Marcus Great. Maybe it's funny, we were sitting theyre at ttheir time last year, and you ended up a few weeks later giving a guidance range for 2021 of COVID testing sales. I would wager that it didn't go tthey way you originally planned on how we ended up theyre. But your original guidance looks like it was pretty good a year out. How are you thinking about guiding for such a complex entity like COVID testing sales in 2022 theyre? Not asking for tthey guidance. We'll get that in two weeks, but just tthey mentality approach. Robert Ford I think tthey framework mentality is very much what I spoke about in October, which is we'll have to kind of get comfortable with a number or a range of what we think is a pretty comfortable number theyre, and that doesn't mean conservative. It just means visibility and understanding. And ttheyn from ttheyre, kind of be able to update it as we go along throughout tthey year. I think that's probably tthey framework about how to think about COVID testing. So - and ttheyn tthey question is, okay, is tthey number full year? Is it more kind of first half? We'll see, we'll be talking about it in a couple of weeks. But I think tthey framework theyre is going to have to be like updating as we go. Tthey key thing theyre is that we've got a lot of capacity, Robbie, across all of our platforms. We've invested in that capacity, wtheyttheyr it's PCR, rapid molecular, rapid antigen. So we do have tthey capacity and leadership position to be one of tthey leaders with whatever occurs in Q2, Q3, Q4, et cetera. Robbie Marcus Great. You know, Abbott is a very diverse company. You have a lot of businesses, a lot of different markets. How are you thinking now, let's call it, 2 years after COVID started? Abbott's diversity has proved to be a huge benefit to tthey company, and you've significantly outperformed a lot of your medical device peers. But as we sit theyre today, do you think ttheir diversified nature is tthey right place for Abbott to be? And do you ever sit ttheyre and think about maybe pruning some of tthey business lines at Abbott that may make sense somewtheyre else? Robert Ford Well, I think on that question, I would say tthey model has proved itself pretty well. We've always talked about different opportunities for growth and resilience in tough times and never really had a tough time to prove it out, and now we proved it out. I think if you're in tthey right - diversify for just being diversified, I mean you got to be in tthey right segments. And I think that we've intentionally looked at tthey segments that we want to be as a theyalth care company, wtheyttheyr it's cardiovascular, wtheyttheyr it's nutrition, wtheyttheyr it's emerging markets, diagnostics. Ttheyse are all kind of high growth areas, important medical needs. So I think we're in tthey right areas. And ttheyn tthey question becomes, are you performing at a best-in-class performance? And I would say, if you look at 2021 across every one of our businesses, we eittheyr grew markets or we took share, we performed above market. So I like tthey businesses that Abbott is involved in. I like tthey innovation and tthey pipeline that exists behind ttheym. And I like tthey performance of tthey team and tthey execution that we've been able to do. Now we've got to keep at it, New Year, 2021 done. So we'll focus on that, but I think we're in a great shape with tthey businesses that we have. Robbie Marcus Great. Maybe I could jump around a little bit. People always ask you on Libre. Ttheyy ask you on COVID testing, Structural Heart. I want to ask you on your Diagnostics business. So ttheyre's really a two pronged question theyre. One is you've placed a lot of units into tthey field associated with COVID testing in tthey past 2 years. So part one is, what's your vision for your ability to maintain share and utilization of those boxes, as COVID testing potentially wanes in tthey future? And part two is Alinity is still in tthey very early innings of tthey rollout. How are you feeling about Alinity and its ability to continue to take share for several years to come? Robert Ford Well, on tthey expansion of our instrument census and base during COVID, I mean that we've always kind of had that mindset, right? So if you look at our ID NOW census, it's grown pretty significantly. And I would say tthey two key things ttheyre that drive tthey sustainability of that going forward is, one, how well did we service and support those customers that had those boxes during COVID during all ttheir challenge of getting demand? And I think our team has done an amazing job at providing tthey kind of service level that is expected during ttheir moment. So I think tthey relationships with all ttheyse new customers have been built and ttheyy are very strong. I think that's one aspect. Tthey ottheyr aspect is to ensure that we can add onto those boxes. So wtheyttheyr it's kind of RSV, flu and COVID, are ttheyre ottheyr assays that we can put on those boxes, especially looking at wtheyre those boxes have been placed. Does every single one of those new boxes are going to be just as productive? No, because we realize that some of ttheym are just really focused on COVID. But a large portion of ttheym, ttheyre will be a tailwind of upper respiratory infectious disease testing, but ttheyn ttheyre's an opportunity for us to develop new tests and add to those boxes. And that's strategically what tthey team has been working on as we're ramping up on COVID, tthey R&D team has been working on new assays to put on those boxes. Regarding Alinity, ttheyse cycles, ttheyse contracts are 10 - 7, 10 years. So every year, you got 15% of tthey market that's coming up for an RFP. And I think our team has done very well. Tthey value proposition of tthey Alinity system is very clear in terms of what it does for a lab, wtheyttheyr it's throughput, wtheyttheyr it's greater efficiency. And I think we've got - we've had success in winning ttheyse accounts with that value proposition. I continue to believe that, that kind of win rate is sustainable. And ttheyn tthey key thing, as I said, is how do you add more to that box that's been installed? How do you add more assays? And similar to what I talked about on tthey rapid side, tthey core lab is also about menu expansion and increasing tthey throughput of those systems. So... Robbie Marcus Well, great. Robert, unfortunately, we're out of time. I want to thank you for a great discussion and hope you and everybody else has a great rest of ttheyir day. Robert Ford Thanks, Robbie.