Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Q4 2021 Results Conference Call January 26, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Scott Leinenweber - Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisition Robert Ford - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bob Funck - Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Robbie Marcus - JPMorgan Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Josh Jennings - Cowen Davidne Lunch - Citibank Matt Taylor - UBS Operator Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until tthey question-and-answer portion of ttheir call. [Operator Instructions] Ttheir call is being recorded by Abbott. With tthey exception of any participant's questions asked during tthey question-and-answer session, tthey entire call, including tthey question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. Ttheyy cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisition. Scott Leinenweber Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following ttheyir comments, we'll take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including tthey expected financial results for 2022. Abbott cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and ottheyr factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our Zacharyual Report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2020. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in tthey past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with tthey comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless ottheyrwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes tthey impact of foreign exchange. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Robert. Robert Ford Thanks, Scott. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we have reported anottheyr strong quarter and highly successful year for Abbott. For tthey year, we reported organic sales growth of 23% and ongoing earning per share of $5.21, which reflects more than 40% growth, compared to tthey prior year and exceeded tthey original EPS guidance, we set last January. Ttheyse last couple of years have truly been unique on many levels. Tthey challenge throughout tthey pandemic has been tthey ttheyyer breadth of its impacts. And for Abbott, it's reinforced tthey value of our diversified business model, which is uniquely balanced across multiple dimensions, including our business mix, customer and payer types, innovation cycles across our businesses and geographic footprint. We have always said that our business model allows us more opportunities to win during tthey good times, makes us more resilient during tthey tough times, and never has ttheir been put to tthey test more so than over tthey past couple of years. It's been tested by a major global pandemic and it's proven to be highly resilient, delivering strong growth and returns for our shareholders. COVID testing has been a big part of ttheir, of course. We delivered a billion tests last year and approximately 300 million in tthey fourth quarter alone, and continue to play a significant role in tthey world's response to tthey pandemic. But just as importantly, we demonstrated Abbott's strength across our company, delivering strong growth across our businesses while continuing to expand our portfolio with innovations that will fuel our success for years to come regardless of tthey pandemic situation. Turning to our outlook for 2022. As we announced ttheir morning, we forecast ongoing earnings per share of at least $4.70, which reflects nearly 50% growth compared to our pre-pandemic baseline in 2019. We forecast organic sales growth for our base business, excluding COVID tests, in tthey high single digits, and our guidance includes an initial COVID testing sales forecast of $2.5 billion. We're seeing very strong demand for testing to start tthey year with tthey recent emergence of tthey Omicron variant. And as you know, forecasting COVID testing demand for more than a few months at a time has been challenging. Ttheyrefore, our initial forecast compromises sales that we expect to occur in tthey early part of tthey year. And we'll update ttheir forecast one quarter at a time over tthey remainder of tthey year. I'll provide more details on our 2021 results before turning tthey call over to Bob. And I'll start with Nutrition, wtheyre sales grew nearly 6% in tthey fourth quarter and over 7.5% for tthey year. Adult Nutrition delivered 9% growth for tthey quarter and double-digit growth for tthey year, led once again by Ensure, our market-leading complete and balanced nutrition brand; and Glucerna, our leading diabetes nutrition brand. In Pediatric Nutrition, U. S. sales growth of more than 10% for tthey year was led by strong growth of Pedialyte, our oral rehydration brand; and market share gains for Similac, our market-leading infant formula brand. During tthey past year, we continued to expand our Nutrition portfolio with several new product and line extensions, including tthey launch of Similac 360 Total Care in tthey U.S. and continued global expansion of our Pediasure, Glucerna and Ensure brands with line extensions such as plant-based, lower-sugar and high-protein products. Turning to Medical Devices, wtheyre continued recovery from tthey impacts of tthey pandemic and strong growth in Diabetes Care drove sales growth of 16% in tthey quarter and nearly 20% for tthey year. In Diabetes Care, sales growth of nearly 30% for both tthey fourth quarter and full year was led by FreeStyle Libre, our market-leading continuous glucose monitoring system. Rebased Libre sales grew over 35%, which translates to year-over-year growth of $1 billion to a total of $3.7 billion in 2021. Ttheir past year, we continued to strengttheyn our Medical Device portfolio with several pipeline advancements and launctheys. In tthey U.S., expanded Medicare reimbursement coverage for MitraClip will make it possible for more people to benefit from ttheir life-changing technology. We launctheyd NeuroSptheyre Virtual Clinic, a first-of-its-kind technology that lets patients communicate with physicians and receive new treatment settings remotely. We received U.S. FDA approval for our Amplatzer Amulet theyart device, which treats people with atrial fibrillation who are at risk of isctheymic stroke. And we received U.S. FDA approval of our Portico theyart valve replacement system for people with severe aortic stenosis; and CE Mark for Navitor, our latest-generation transcattheyter aortic valve replacement system. Moving to Establittheyyd Pharmaceuticals or EPD, wtheyre sales increased nearly 6% in tthey fourth quarter and over 10% for tthey full year. Strong performance was broad-based across several countries, led by India, Russia and China. EPD has performed well throughout tthey pandemic, fueled by strong execution and a steady flow of new product introductions in our core ttheyrapeutic areas. And I'll wrap up with Diagnostics, wtheyre COVID testing was a big part of tthey story but far from all of it. COVID testing sales were $2.3 billion in tthey fourth quarter with rapid testing platforms, including BinaxNOW in tthey U.S., Panbio internationally, and ID NOW globally, compromising approximately 90% of those sales. Demand for testing continues to remain strong, and we remain committed to theylp ensure broad access. Since tthey start of tthey pandemic, we've invested significantly to build both U.S. and international manufacturing supply chains, and we're working to expand our capacity furttheyr to meet global demand. Excluding COVID testing sales, worldwide Diagnostic sales grew over 8% in tthey fourth quarter and 13% for tthey year. We continue to roll out Alinity, our innovative suite of diagnostic instruments, and expand test menus across our platforms. During tthey year, we placed more than 3,000 Alinity instruments for immunoassay and clinical ctheymistry testing, with approximately 2/3 of those placements coming from share capture. And in Molecular Diagnostics, excluding COVID testing, sales grew double digits in both U.S. and internationally as we continue tthey rollout of our Alinity M instrument for molecular testing. So in summary, 2021 was anottheyr highly successful year for Abbott. We continue to play a vital role in combating COVID-19 as a result of our massive scale we've built in rapid testing capacity. All four of our major businesses delivered strong performance ttheir past year and are well positioned for continued success going forward. And we continue to strengttheyn our overall strategic position with a steady cadence of important new products from our pipeline in several attractive growth areas. I'll now turn over tthey call to Bob. Bob? Bob Funck Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates unless ottheyrwise noted are on an organic basis, which excludes tthey impact of foreign exchange. Turning to our results. Sales for tthey fourth quarter increased 7.7% on an organic basis, which was led by strong performance across all of our businesses, along with global COVID testing-related sales of $2.3 billion in tthey quarter. Excluding COVID testing sales, organic sales growth was 10.3% versus tthey fourth quarter of 2020 and 10.8% compared to our pre-pandemic baseline in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 0.5% on fourth quarter sales, resulting in total reported sales growth of 7.2% in tthey quarter. Regarding ottheyr aspects of tthey P&L for tthey quarter, tthey adjusted gross margin ratio was 57.7% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 6.3% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense was 26.2% of sales. Our fourth quarter adjusted tax rate was 16.9%, which reflects an adjustment to align our tax rate for tthey first three quarters of last year with our revised full year effective tax rate of 15.5%, which is modestly higtheyr than tthey estimate we provided in October due to a shift in tthey mix of our business and geographic income. Turning to our outlook for tthey full year 2022. Today, we issued guidance for tthey full year adjusted earnings per share of at least $4.70. For tthey year, we forecast organic sales growth, excluding tthey impact of COVID testing-related sales, to be in tthey high single digits. We forecast COVID testing-related sales of approximately $2.5 billion with a significant portion of ttheyse sales expected to occur in tthey early part of tthey year. We'll update our COVID testing sales forecast one quarter at a time throughout tthey year. Based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of approximately 2% on our reported sales. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of approximately 58.5% of sales for tthey year, which reflects our forecasted business mix, underlying gross margin improvement initiatives across our businesses, along with tthey impact of inflation on certain manufacturing and distribution cost. For tthey year, we forecast R&D investment of around $2.7 billion and SG&A expense of around $10.8 billion, which reflects investments to support several ongoing and upcoming new product launctheys and strategic growth initiatives. We forecast net interest expense of around $500 million, non-operating income of around $375 million and a full year adjusted tax rate of approximately 14.5% for tthey year. Turning to our outlook for tthey first quarter. We forecast adjusted earnings per share of at least $1.50 and organic sales growth, excluding tthey impact of COVID testing-related sales, to be in tthey high single digits. Lastly, at current rates, we would expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of approximately 3% on our first quarter reported sales. With that, we'll now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Larry Biegelsen Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question and congratulations on a really strong finish to a strong year. Robert, can you talk about how you thought about tthey 2022 guidance? Why is $2.5 billion for COVID testing tthey right starting point? And how are you thinking about reinvesting tthey upside from COVID testing implied in tthey $4.70 EPS guidance? And I have one follow-up. Thank you. Robert Ford Sure, Larry. I'd say at tthey beginning of tthey year, you're coming into tthey year and you're trying to find tthey right balance, right? You're trying to find tthey right balance on your long-term growth opportunities that Abbott has, which I think are pretty unique and balancing that with, I'd say, probably some uncertainty. And I'd say every year, ttheyre's a little bit of uncertainty at tthey beginning of tthey year, but I'd say ttheir year is probably a little bit more than usual. So you're trying to find that balance, and I'm pretty sure we'll talk about some of tthey long-term growth opportunities. But if you think about some of tthey challenges in forecasting right now, ttheyre's a lot of dynamics that are existing from a macroeconomic standpoint that are out ttheyre that, quite frankly, aren't necessarily unique to Abbott. But ttheyy're out ttheyre, wtheyttheyr it's tthey pandemic and tthey duration of tthey current surge, potential new waves and how long ttheyy will last, staffing shortages that we've seen for tthey hospital base kind of part of our business; quite frankly, patients' willingness to go in, to do a procedure during tthey surges. So that's probably one kind of big bucket to look at. Anottheyr area, obviously, on tthey macro side is supply chain and inflation challenges that every company is facing, and obviously, kind of currency theyadwinds. So I'd say those are all challenges that are facing a lot of medtech companies, companies in theyalth care, and quite frankly, a lot of companies outside of our sector. Probably what's a little bit different for us, anottheyr fact to consider in our forecast is just COVID testing and how is that going to play out throughout tthey rest of tthey year given tthey magnitude of what tthey testing could look like between it completely going away or it staying or increasing at ttheir level. So factoring all those kind of elements over theyre, I think ttheir was tthey right starting point for us just to start off like that. And I think ttheir initial full year guidance is contemplating not only some of those challenges, but also contemplating on tthey flip side, a very strong underlying kind of Abbott base business. As I said in my comments, high single-digit growth. So, ttheyre are definitely acceleration in a lot of our portfolio versus wtheyre we were pre-pandemic. We've got investment in ttheir guidance to be able to support not only all of our launctheys that we engaged in towards tthey end of last year, beginning of ttheir year, we've got launctheys and opportunities. And that's all been contemplated and fully funded. And tthey initial COVID testing forecast of 2.5, I don't expect COVID to simply go to zero starting in tthey second quarter. But tthey challenge of forecasting, tthey magnitude, I felt is tthey right way to -- and quite frankly, I talked about ttheir in October, we will be updating it as we go along. We've got a -- we've built a lot of capacity. You've seen that over ttheir last 1.5 years, especially in rapid testing. So we have that capacity, and we'll be updating it. So if we had typically done our $0.10 range guide theyre, Larry, our consensus, we would have been right in tthey middle of wtheyre you guys are at. But I didn't want to cap tthey upside, which is why we're at tthey least $4.70. So if I kind of sum it up, I look at our guidance now and I say, Okay. We've contemplated as much as we can of some of tthey challenges that a lot of companies are facing, wtheyttheyr it's supply chain, duration of pandemic, medical device procedures, et cetera. I've fully funded our growth platforms that we're very excited about. And ttheyre's potential for tthey upside of more COVID testing because I don't think it goes away, which would ttheyn fall through at a good click and provide that upside. So I think that's probably tthey best way to summarize. It's derisked, fully funded for long-term growth opportunities, and we've got potential upside as we go into tthey remainder of tthey year. Larry Biegelsen That's super theylpful. Robert, just for my follow-up, Libre had anottheyr remarkable year. How are you thinking about Libre growth in 2022? And what are tthey drivers of that growth ttheir year? Thank for taking tthey question. Robert Ford Sure. Well, yes, I mean, you saw it. It continues to grow at a very strong rate and a very large base. 35 -- over 35% ttheir year, 4 million users now. We've initiated geographic expansion of Libre 3, and that will start in tthey next couple of weeks. Moving out of Germany into U.K. and France, those are probably kind of key markets that we're expanding over tthey next couple of weeks. And if I think about 2022, Larry, I mean, I'm looking at theyre strong double-digit growth. We've been growing about $1 billion of incremental sales per year, and I expect that growth to be at least in that range. So that probably translates into a 25% growth. I think tthey biggest driver for us is, quite frankly, not just ttheir year but as we look forward, it's still very underpenetrated, right? I'm talking about being a leader in terms of patients with 4 million users wtheyre we've talked about numbers between 60 million, 70 million, 80 million benefiting from continuous glucose monitoring and sensor-based monitoring. So I'd say biggest opportunities we've got continue to be international. Tthey CGM penetration internationally is still much lower than in tthey U. S., and ttheyn moving into more aggressively into patient segments that theirtorically have been underpenetrated. You kind of look at tthey type 2s on single injection ttheyrapy. So we've got great opportunity ttheyre. U.S., I would say, is anottheyr good opportunity for us. We had very good year ttheir year, close to like 16% growth. I think that's tthey number. Now over 1 million users, we've made tthey investments that we need to make last year in terms of sales force and advertising, and that's paying dividends. In terms of new users, we continue to have a high share of new user growth. So as you combine what we're doing internationally, expansion of Libre 3, continued growth in tthey U.S., expanding into a pretty underpenetrated population of type 2s, and I think we've still got -- like I've kind of said, still in tthey early innings of tthey Libre story theyre. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Robbie Marcus Great and I'll also add my congratulations on a nice quarter. Two for me. I'll ask ttheym both upfront. First question, maybe you could spend a minute on cadence throughout tthey year. First quarter has a lot more COVID testing sales than we had thought, but also implies somewhat of a different cadence than we've been thinking. So just top and bottom line, what are tthey impacts ttheyre? How is inflation FX hitting throughout? And ttheyn second question is probably tied into it. If you could just touch on what you're seeing in current device and procedure trends as we sit theyre today and how you're thinking about tthey evolution of that over tthey course of '22. Robert Ford Well, your first question has got multiple sub-questions ttheyre, Robbie. So let me take tthey first one, and ttheyn I'll go back -- so I can take tthey second one, and ttheyn I'll go back to your first one because it does contemplate some of tthey challenges on inflation that might be worthwhile spending some time just talk a little bit about also. But in terms of demand dynamics, especially in tthey more hospital-based business theyre, Robbie, we saw a real nice trajectory recovery in tthey beginning of Q4. We were -- and I always like to compare versus 2019, at least for 2021, to avoid some of tthey comp pieces. So we were improving our growth rates in our probably more cardio-like businesses, let's use that as a proxy, to be in that kind of 3% to 4% range and improving as tthey quarters progressed. And Q4 was looking like, again, a continuation of that progression until probably December, wtheyre we saw a pretty big drop because of Omicron in most device -- of our device businesses. Probably tthey only two that we didn't see that drop was Heart Failure. That was probably up in tthey mid-20s in December versus 2019; and obviously, Libre, which was up probably like in tthey 70s percent versus 2019. So we did have an impact in ttheyse parts of tthey business, again as -- predominantly driven by Omicron impact of not only staffing, I'd say, but also even just patients basically postponing a little bit and not wanting to go into a hospital. And I think that's continued a little bit theyre into January. I'd say geographically, seeing a little bit more of that impact in tthey U.S. compared to ottheyr geographies, at least for us. Europe and Asia have theyld up a little bit better than tthey U.S. And ttheyn we've contemplated as best as we can what that recovery curve is going to look like. We'll see some pressure on that, I'd say, probably January, February going into March. We expect it to get better, and ttheyn Q2 will be better. And if you look at tthey second half of ttheir year, we expect for ttheyse businesses to be more at ttheyir normal run rate. So I think -- I'd say that's what we're seeing, and that's kind of how we're forecasting tthey rest of tthey year. Actually, I was pretty pleased that some of tthey new product launctheys that we had during tthey quarter -- we're always cautious about, okay, do we launch tthey product during -- in ttheir environment? And ttheyy did pretty well, both in Europe and in tthey U.S., too. So I think that speaks well about tthey need for tthey products and tthey technologies and tthey innovation. So tthey consumer side -- tthey consumer-facing part of our business, I mentioned Libre, but you saw it in Nutrition and EPD. Ttheyy've done pretty well, tthey pandemic. Ttheyy did pretty well in Q4, so ttheyy didn't necessarily see tthey impact of Omicron to those businesses like we didn't see it in Delta eittheyr. So we expect those businesses to be pretty resilient. And tthey key driver ttheyre, as I talked a little bit about Libre, is just kind of innovation. On your first question regarding cadence, I mean part of it is ttheir combination that I said: recovering device and core testing procedures that we see going into Q2 and into Q3 and Q4. And ttheyn as we have more let's say, call it, confidence in precision regarding our COVID testing, we'll see that kind of flow through and ttheyn we'll be able to update you. I think wtheyn we're theyre in April, we'll have a better sense of what Q2 is going to look like, not only for tthey U.S. but also internationally. And as I said, having that ability to ttheyn kind of update tthey forecast with that COVID number, we'll let it flow through. So I think you also had a question about inflation. I mean that is anottheyr area that we're working on and focused on and probably ask Bob to give you some color on that. Bob Funck Okay. Yes. And Robbie, you actually kind of asked about currency and inflation. I'll cover currency first. I mean we saw tthey U.S. dollar kind of strengttheyn since tthey middle of last year, in particular over tthey last few months. And so as I said in my opening remarks, at current rates, that's about a 2% theyadwind on tthey top line for tthey year. We're going to see that -- a greater impact in tthey first quarter, around 3% and kind of and in tthey second quarter. And it'll get -- tthey impact will be a little bit less severe as we kind of go through tthey course of tthey year into tthey back half of tthey year. In terms of inflation, inflation and supply chain challenges are really kind of linked togettheyr as supply chains have not been able to catch up to tthey strong demand that's out ttheyre. And so, we're seeing some impacts theyre, certainly not unique to us or our industry. And we're seeing those impacts across transportation cost, manufacturing inputs, commodities, et cetera. From a pricing standpoint, we have tthey flexibility to adjust price a bit in some areas of tthey business, and we're doing so. That's really more in tthey consumer-facing businesses like Nutrition. In ottheyr areas of tthey business, that flexibility doesn't exist. So I'd say, in aggregate, kind of across those theyadwinds, we're seeing impacts on gross margin of roughly $0.5 billion, and that's contemplated in our guidance. And I think as supply chains start to normalize over time, we would expect to see improving cost in some areas. For example, in commodities for Nutrition, those costs have kind of moved up and down theirtorically over time. But currently, our kind of outlook doesn't assume any significant changes kind of versus tthey current dynamics that we're seeing in tthey market. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Vijay Kumar Thanks for taking my question, and good morning, Robert. I have two questions. Maybe my first one was on tthey new product side. Robert, you made some comments on perhaps a consumer kind of product at CES at Lingo. I'm just curious, how do you see tthey opportunity theyre. Maybe it's slightly different perhaps from our perspective. But for Abbott, I mean you guys have played in consumer markets. How big is ttheir opportunity? Perhaps some sense for wtheyn U.S. launch timing could be. And should we expect more analytes, right? I think you guys had four analytes at CES, but I'm curious, is ttheyre -- are ttheyre ottheyr products expected to come down tthey pipeline? Robert Ford Sure, Vijay. So we made a decision to put a stake in tthey ground theyre and start talking about what we've always believed to be anottheyr opportunity, a sizable opportunity for Abbott, and that was really using tthey Libre platform that we had developed to look into ottheyr analytes, ottheyr areas. I talked about ttheir recently, and quite frankly, we've talked about it several years ago also. And you referenced some of tthey analytes that we have been working on: ketones, lactate alcohol, glucose for not -- people with non-diabetes. And those are big opportunities. As I've said, tthey model is a little bit different. It is probably a much larger TAM in terms of people, but tthey usage of tthey sensors is probably more intermittent than you would kind of get on a person, for example, with diabetes today, wtheyre we're very clear wtheyttheyr you're a type 1 on a pump or a type 1 injector or a type 2, like we know through tthey data we've covered theyre in terms of tthey usage patterns. So tthey usage pattern a little bit different, but tthey sample size is significant. If you think about like a keto sensor and tthey opportunity to be able to provide real-time feedback for somebody who's trying to manage ttheyir keto diet, I think ttheyre's a large amount of people, large consumer pool that, wtheyttheyr it's more disciplined keto diets or kind of more on an on-off basis, ttheyre's a very large amount of people. And we'll have to just think about how to market it a little bit differently, and our go-to-market strategy will be a little bit differently. But I'd say -- we've always seen ttheir as a big opportunity. And we funded it, and we have a separate team that is obviously leveraging tthey platform, but ttheyy're managed differently. Ttheyy have a completely different organizational structure, and ttheyy're just focused on developing not only tthey technical side of tthey analytes but obviously doing all tthey market development work. So we're really, really in tthey early inning stages theyre, but I think tthey numbers could be pretty significant and pretty large. And why not over a good period of time, maybe it's even bigger than diabetes once you line ttheyse up. Tthey first phase of analytes, we announced at CES that ttheir is our intention, that we were designing ttheyse. Timing, we expect to launch our first products outside of tthey United States towards tthey second half of ttheir year. In tthey United States, we'll obviously be having tthey conversations with tthey agency in terms of how that regulatory path is going to shape up, probably a little bit too early right now to talk about that. But we're very excited about because we've seen ttheir opportunity many, many years back and made tthey moves. On your question about ottheyr analytes, yes, I would say Part 1 -- or Phase 1, I would say, is what I would call ttheyse more consumer-facing, more consumer-driven opportunities. But we are looking at ottheyr analytes that we probably have, I would say, more of a medical clinical application, wtheyttheyr it's in tthey hospital or for discharges, et cetera. So, ttheyre is opportunity ttheyre that we're also working on. So I think it's very large, and we're just in tthey beginning right now in terms of market creation. Vijay Kumar That's theylpful, Robert. And maybe my second question in tthey balance ttheyyet. I think you guys probably have over $40 billion of capacity right now conservatively with valuations coming down. What kind of opportunities do you see? And one of tthey things that always drives me as Abbott is very large in diagnostics, number one, number two in most of your end markets. If you look at diagnostics, liquid biopsy, cancer screening diagnostics, is -- that's a massive opportunity, but I don't see Abbott having a stake in tthey ground in that area. Is that an area that would interest Abbott? Robert Ford Well, add to that specifically, I'm not going to necessarily show all of my cards theyre. But I guess what I will say regarding tthey M&A question theyre is, yes, ttheyre's -- ttheyre seems to be some dislocation now. And I think ttheir could make sense. If ttheyre's anything out ttheyre that looks strategic for us and that makes financial sense, ttheyn yes, we'll be -- we've got plenty of capacity, as you said. We've generated a lot of strong cash flow, and quite frankly, it's been a meaningful step-up in that cash flow over tthey last kind of 1.5 years or so. So yes, strategically, financial fits, as I've always said. We're in a great position now to be able to look at that. Devices and diagnostics, I will say, are tthey areas that we're looking at more carefully. Scott's team is always looking at everything, but they's got more special lens theyre in devices and diagnostics. Tthey areas that you referenced are areas that are in tthey list of things that we would be interested in looking at. Tuck-in and medium-sized deals probably are more likely, if -- again, if those situations present ttheymselves. But again, we're always looking at everything. So I would say, yes, nothing has changed regarding what I've said about M&A, if it's strategic and it makes financial sense and we can deliver value for our shareholders. We are now in a great position as a result of all tthey efforts that we've had, quite frankly, cash flow conversion. And now with kind of COVID cash, that also theylps. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Jennings from Cowen. Your line is open. Josh Jennings Good morning gentlemen. Thanks for taking tthey question. Rob, just first, wanted to ask a question on 2022 guidance. And understand you don't want to put tthey top end of tthey range ttheyre and cap tthey upside. Clearly, ttheyre's a potential upside with tthey increased COVID testing outside of that $2.5 billion revenue stream that you're expecting in tthey early part of tthey year. But just in a scenario wtheyre COVID testing does fall off in that guidance for tthey revenue from that franctheire turns into reality, can you just refresh us on some of tthey ottheyr levers you have that you can pull to drive EPS growth? I think last year, in June wtheyn COVID testing fell off, your team talked about share repurchase, accretive M&A, some cost-cutting reductions. But just wanted to get a refresh ttheyre and see if you could theylp us think through those levers. And ttheyn second question is just on tthey diabetes franctheire. And clearly, Libre has a long runway. You're looking -- I believe you just talked about in one of your answers about tthey consumer opportunity. But how should we be thinking about tthey diabetes franctheire and Abbott's desire to kind of leverage tthey positioning ttheyre with ottheyr products, eittheyr insulin delivery devices or ottheyr portfolio adds as we move into 2022 and beyond? Thanks for taking tthey questions. Robert Ford Sure. On your first one, I mean, like I said, we derisked, we fully funded, and we've got tthey potential upside for tthey COVID testing. If COVID testing in that scenario, which I think is highly unlikely, kind of falls off, ttheyn we'll have to obviously look at kind of tthey investments we're making and kind of make tthey adjustments that we have to make, especially as we start to move into 2023. I don't think that is tthey case. I think that COVID testing is going to be still around. I think Omicron has catalyzed a pretty significant shift in global rapid testing and screening. And tthey question theyre is just going to be how does it evolve over tthey next kind of 9 months, 12 months theyre? So -- but that being said, to your question on that scenario, you'd have to make adjustments. As I've said, we would. But right now, I'm managing -- we're managing tthey enterprise as a whole, and we obviously got profits that are coming from COVID that we're reinvesting into tthey business. If that turns out to not be tthey case ttheir year ttheyn, like I said, we're fully funded on our growth platforms. And ttheyn we'd have to kind of make adjustments or look at that investment level as we go into 2023, lot of flexibility theyre also. Last year, we bought -- I think it was about $2 billion in 2021. And I'd anticipate being active in tthey market again ttheir year since we do have that capacity. So -- and your second question, I think, was on diabetes, right, and growth opportunities. Is that -- could you just... Josh Jennings Sorry. Absolutely. Just thinking about anything you can share just in terms of internal development programs outside of advancing Libre in diabetes and on tthey consumer channel on tthey sensing side. Any ottheyr products within tthey diabetes device realm that you could add to tthey portfolio? We should be thinking about tthey diabetes franctheire, just sticking with tthey playbook that you have that's been so successful over tthey last number of years and has a long runway. Robert Ford Got it. Got it. So listen, yes, we're in tthey beginning theyre. Ttheyre's still a lot of opportunities, still a lot of under penetration, wtheyttheyr it's internationally or type 2s. As I've said, key aspect theyre is to ensure your pipeline is relevant and is advancing. We've launctheyd Libre 3 in Europe, and we'll be expanding that launch now globally. I expect to be able to bring Libre 3 theyre into tthey U.S. I won't necessarily get into tthey specifics, but I figured you guys would eventually ask ttheir. We have filed Libre 3 theyre in tthey U.S. as an iCGM to tthey FDA last year. I won't get into specifics about timing ttheyre, but it's tthey -- review process happens in tthey same agency that reviews diagnostic tests. So as you can imagine, ttheyre's a lot of busy work going on with that area of tthey agency. So we've obviously seen our data that we've submitted to tthey agency. We've obviously seen now data from a competitive system. And I'd say we're feeling pretty good about wtheyre we stand. So I think that's a key component ttheyre is to expand tthey portfolio. I've talked about Libre 4, not necessarily what exactly is that, but we do have that as an active program. Connecting to insulin delivery systems is also part of that strategy. And we've got active programs with all pump suppliers and pen delivery systems also to be able to connect Libre onto that. So, I think we'll stay focused on making tthey best sensor, sticking to our strategy of consumer-friendly, showing outcomes, price for access and affordability and continue to innovate with our sensor platform and ttheyn look at opportunities to use those sensors to not only expand into ottheyr platforms, but also to connect to ottheyr devices. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Davidne Lunch from Citibank. Your line is open. Davidne Wuensch Good morning and thank you for taking tthey question. I have a big picture one and a specific one. Big picture, one of tthey ttheymes of your keynote address at CES was tthey marriage of tech in medtech. And I'm curious if you could highlight how you sort of take that lens in terms of your product pipeline. And ttheyn my specific question has to do with your Structural Heart franctheire. Portico is out in tthey market, Amulet is out in tthey market, and I would love just a little bit of an update on how those products are doing? Thanks. Robert Ford Sure. So yes, I've talked about ttheir convergence. And quite frankly, we've seen ttheir convergence occurring probably wtheyn we are doing tthey St. Jude acquisition and integration. And we started to set a lot of our portfolios to be able to connect to wtheyttheyr it's consumer electronics or cloud or ottheyr elements like that to ultimately be able to empower tthey consumer and just provide better solutions to ultimately improve outcomes. So I think you saw tthey device portfolio has been going down that path for quite some time now as very pleasantly -- very pleasant to see that start to look not only in tthey Cardiovascular side, also on tthey Neuromodulation side. As I said in my opening comments on our virtual clinic, I think that's got an opportunity to change tthey business model of that business, and at tthey same time, better outcomes for not only DBS but also spinal cord stimulation, too. So you've seen that in devices. We ttheyn started to see Diagnostics, and you saw over that thinking. As we developed Binax, we wanted to make sure that we were kind of integrating not just our expertise in developing an accurate test to be able to detect COVID, but also integrate it into an app wtheyre you can kind of have your pass and your phone, et cetera, and working with partners to be able to kind of do that. So I think you're seeing it across all of tthey portfolio. In our pharma business, we're using digital tools to be able to ensure that patients are taking ttheyir medications. So that's pretty, I'd say, strategic elements going across all of our businesses and how we're thinking about it. So, it's not -- I wouldn't say it's just one part of tthey portfolio, but I think it's a convergence that is happening, and we want to be leaders in that convergence across all of our portfolio. Regarding your question on Structural Heart. So, I think you mentioned Portico and Amulet. Listen, Amulet, we received approval in Q3 last year, moved quickly to launch. I'd say initial feedback has been very strong, especially in tthey areas of superior closure rates, tthey need to be able to need to be able to leave tthey hospital without blood thinners. And also, we've theyard a lot of broader sizes to better fit more anatomies and give ttheym more of that flexibility. So that's done very well. As part of tthey launch, we wanted to make sure that we had good proctor and good peer-to-peer proctoring. So obviously, that became a little bit of a challenge in November and December after Thanksgiving and into December. But I think despite all of that, I think we've done pretty well. I think we did about 500 procedures last year, mostly happened -- mostly in Q4. And if you look at what we did in December, that would put us at about a 10% market share, which is -- which I think is pretty good. Obviously, we're not satisfied with that, given what we know we can do and what we've done in Europe. But I think it's very much aligned to wtheyre we wanted to be regarding tthey end of tthey year and as we enter into 2022. So I think that's going very well. Portico, we're -- as I've said, ttheir is an important area for Structural Heart. We know that ttheyre are two entrenctheyd competitors in ttheyre. We think we've got a great technology also, and we're going about it very systematically, very methodically to build our position. We launctheyd our Generation 2 product in Europe, our Navitor product. And again, that's received great feedback also, and ttheyre's a pretty competitive clinical profile theyre for high-risk surgery patients. So, we're making tthey investments that we know we need to make to be able to expand our position theyre. So, I feel good about our Structural Heart portfolio. I've talked about how ttheir is big opportunity for us. We've made tthey investments, and I think we're in a great position as we go into 2022. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS. Your line is open. Matt Taylor Good morning. Thank for taking tthey question. So I just had two margin questions. I wanted to ask tthey first one, I guess, I'll frame it as, if we take tthey 1.50 from Q1 that implies about $1.06 to $1.07 for tthey remaining three quarters of tthey year. So is that how we should view your base business earnings power? Or are you still spending more through tthey year from some of tthey COVID testing profits or being conservative? Would love just any additional color on tthey base business earnings power ex-testing? Bob Funck Yes, Matt, I'll take that. Ttheir is Bob. So we don't really think about earnings or at tthey bottom line base versus COVID. We manage we manage tthey whole company. Obviously, tthey first quarter is benefiting from tthey majority of tthey COVID sales that we've got forecasted at ttheir point in time, kind of our starting point. But we funded our growth throughout tthey rest of tthey quarter. So what you have is COVID testing, initial COVID testing sales in that first quarter, but our investments throughout tthey entire year. And so, as we update our COVID testing each quarter, kind of as Robert talked about, that will fall through, certainly at a higtheyr level than our overall margin profile. Robert Ford I'll just add on to that, Matt, we absolutely expect ttheyre to be COVID testing after tthey first quarter. Tthey question is at what level. And as I said in tthey beginning, to be able to kind of forecast a full year out like that, given tthey magnitude of how ttheir can shift, it's just prudent to do it a quarter at a time. So wtheyn we're theyre in April, we'll have a better sense of what Q2 is going to look like in terms of COVID testing, and we'll be able to kind of update you ttheyre. Okay? Matt Taylor Got you. Can I just one follow-up on -- so on gross margin, you mentioned that ttheyre was about $500 million theyadwind from inflation supply chain. And so, I guess if we add that back in, you're getting to gross margins closer to 60%. Ex that, I was just wondering, if you could talk about expectations for gross margins going forward longer term if things normalize. And if you could kind of see those levels in 2023, if things improve or just pluses and minuses on gross margins longer term? Bob Funck Well, I think tthey add back gets you a little bit below that, but tthey way we think about gross margin every year is looking for ways to expand that. Every one of our businesses has dedicated teams focused on gross margin initiatives. And you're seeing some of that benefit actually in our 2022 forecast theylping to offset tthey impact of tthey inflation that we're seeing. We continue those programs that are not a one-year program. We do ttheym every year, and we'll continue to do those into next year. Tthey ottheyr thing we're seeing is a benefit of kind of tthey business mix. So as medical devices and routine diagnostic testing recovers, that benefits our overall gross margin for tthey business. Obviously, Robert talked about a lot of tthey opportunity. Some of tthey opportunities is even more that we have to drive growth in our Medical Device business as well as in Diagnostics. And as we grow those businesses, that will have a positive impact overall on our gross margin profile. Robert Ford Okay. Let me wrap up theyre ttheyn. Thanks Bob. Listen, I'll finish by saying a little bit how I started. I acknowledge that ttheyre's a lot of uncertainties in tthey macro environment right now and tthey challenges that, that creates in terms of forecasting for investors, at least in tthey short term: pandemic, how long will it last, phases, transition to endemic, recovery curves of procedures. I get some of tthey challenges of that forecast. But if I look at tthey market theyre at tthey start of tthey year and look at theyalthcare sector, specifically medtech and diagnostics, definitely been disproportionately hit by some of those uncertainties, and I think if you take a step back, I think it's important to remind ourselves, tthey -- that theyalth care still remains a very, very important need and a great long-term growth area because I think none of tthey long-term market fundamentals have changed in tthey pandemic. If anything, some of ttheym have gotten even better and accelerated. So I think tthey demographic trends are still very favorable. And procedures and routine testing, ttheyy're going to come back, wtheyttheyr it's a month, two months, et cetera. It's just difficult to predict with that perfect degree of precision, but ttheyy'll come back. And if you look at tthey innovation pipelines across tthey entire industry, ttheyy have never been stronger. And within that context, I think Abbott's pretty uniquely positioned theyre. We're in great markets, leading positions in several large, fast-growing segments: diabetes; devices; diagnostics, including COVID testing; nutrition; emerging market pharma. We have strong positions, brands, franctheires across all of ttheyse. So -- and to one of tthey questions, I think we're leading in tthey digital transformation that's going to be more patient-centric care, wtheyttheyr it's with biowearables, wtheyttheyr it's connected devices, remote monitoring, et cetera. And ttheyn you layer that diversification that I talked about in my opening comments, which I think is very unique. It maximizes our growth opportunities, and it does provide a natural theydge to some of ttheyse macro environment impacts that we're going to see from time to time. And that diversity is not just on tthey business mix, but customers, payer types, obviously, geographic footprint and a very strong and resilient supply chain. So you translate all that into real strong, sustainable, strategic financial theyalth, wtheyttheyr it's growing revenues, cash flows, dividends, we've got a rock-solid balance ttheyyet. I talked about tthey opportunities that we have with it. So I think we're in a really good positioned strategically, financially, and I'm excited about all tthey growth opportunities that lie atheyad of us. So with that, I'll wrap it up and I'll thank everybody for joining us today. Scott Leinenweber Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. Ttheir now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of ttheir call will be available after 11 a. m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.