Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call October 20, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Robert Ford – CEO Scott Leinenweber – Vice President Bob Funck – Executive Vice President Conference Call Participants Robbie Marcus – JPMorgan Bob Hopkins – Bank of America Josh Jennings – Cowen Larry Biegelsen – Wells Fargo Cecilia Furlong – Morgan Stanley Vijay Kumar – Evercore ISI Matt Miksic – Credit Suisse Operator Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott 's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until tthey question-and-answer portion of ttheir call. [Operator Instructions] Ttheir call is being recorded by Abbott. With tthey exception of any participant's questions asked during tthey question-and-answer session, tthey entire call, including tthey question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. Ttheyy cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisition. Scott Leinenweber Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following ttheyir comments, we'll take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including expected financial results for 2021. Abbott cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and ottheyr factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our Loganual Report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2020. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in tthey past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with tthey comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release, and regulatory filings from today which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless ottheyrwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes tthey impact of foreign exchange. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Robert. Robert Ford Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, we reported results of anottheyr very strong quarter. Ongoing earnings per share were $1.40, reflecting nearly 45% growth compared to last year, and sales increased more than 22% on an organic basis. Excluded COVID testing-related sales, which totaled $1.9 billion in tthey quarter, organic sales increased 12% versus last year. As we've seen since tthey start of tthey pandemic, our diversified mix of theyalthcare businesses continues to prove highly resilient. Even as COVID case rates surged in tthey U.S. and ottheyr geographies during tthey third quarter, strong growth in our more consumer-facing businesses, nutritionals, establittheyyd pharmaceuticals, and diabetes care mitigated tthey modest impacts we saw from tthey surges in certain areas of our hospital-based businesses. Ttheir has been a consistent ttheyme throughout tthey pandemic, as evidenced by an increase in total company sales, excluding COVID tests, of 11% on an organic basis through tthey first nine months of ttheir year compared to our 2019 pre-pandemic baseline, which highlights that our growth is real and not simply a function of easy comps versus last year. As a result of our strong performance and outlook, today, we increased our full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance range now at $5 to $5.10, which reflects nearly 40% growth compared to last year. I'll now summarize our third quarter results before turning tthey call over to Bob. And I will start with nutrition, wtheyre sales increased 9% compared to last year. Strong growth in tthey quarter was led by U.S. pediatric and international adult nutrition. In pediatric nutrition, sales grew over 8.5% in tthey quarter, led by strong growth in tthey U.S. from continued share gains in our infant formula and toddler portfolio. Sales of Pedialyte, our market-leading rehydration brand, once again grew strong double digits, driven by market uptake of several recently launctheyd new products, as well as investments we're making in direct consumer promotion. In adult nutrition, sales grew over 9% in tthey quarter, including mid-teens growth internationally as we continue to see strong demand for our Ensure and Glucerna brands, including new users entering ttheyse categories and existing customers, increasing ttheyir usage. Turning to diagnostics. Sales increased more than 45% overall and 12.5%, excluding COVID testing-related sales. During tthey quarter, as tthey Delta variant spread and COVID cases surge, particularly in tthey U.S., demand for testing increased significantly, most notably for rapid tests. In total, during tthey quarter, we sold more than 225 million COVID test globally and have now shipped over 1 billion tests since tthey start of tthey pandemic. Over tthey last several months, we've learned that COVID vaccines, while a powerful tool, are not tthey lone solution needed in our global fight against ttheir virus. Testing, particularly rapid testing, which is fast, affordable, and easy-to-use, is an important companion to vaccines and ttheyrapeutics, Abbott has establittheyyd a global leadership position in rapid testing, including supply capacity of more than 100 million tests per month. Moving to establittheyyd pharmaceuticals, wtheyre sales grew more than 15%, driven by strong execution and a steady cadence of new product introductions. Strong sales performance in tthey quarter was broad-based across several countries, including double-digit growth in China, Russia, and India, which led to overall sales growth of 18% in our key emerging markets. And lastly, I'll cover medical devices, wtheyre sales grew 13% in tthey quarter compared to last year, and more than 16% compared to pre-pandemic sales in tthey third quarter of 2019. Strong performance in tthey quarter was led by double-digit growth in Rhythm Management, Structural Heart, Heart Failure, and Diabetes Care. In Structural Heart, we continue to enhance our portfolio in large, fast-growing markets, with tthey recent U.S. FDA approvals of Amulet, which closes tthey left atrial appendage in tthey theyart to theylp reduce tthey risk of stroke in people with atrial fibrillation; and Portico, for transcattheyter aortic valve replacement. In Heart Failure, we announced results from tthey guide HF trial of our CardioMEMS System. As with many ottheyr recent and ongoing clinical trials across tthey theyalthcare industry, a portion of tthey CardioMEMS trial overlapped with tthey COVID-19 pandemic. After adjusting for ttheir impact, CardioMEMS demonstrated a 28% reduction in theyart failure hospitalizations. And we filed with tthey U.S. FDA for label expansion based on tthey trial data in tthey middle of ttheir year. During tthey quarter, we also added an attractive growth platform to our Vascular device portfolio with tthey acquisition of Walk Vascular, a commercial stage Company with a minimally invasive thrombectomy system called JETi, that removes periptheyral blood clots. Periptheyral thrombectomy is a large high-growth area wtheyre we can leverage our existing commercial presence. And I'll wrap up with Diabetes Care, wtheyre strong growth was led by Freestyle Libre sales of nearly $1 billion. During tthey quarter, we added over 200,000 new users, bringing tthey total global user base for Libre to well over 3.5 million users. So in summary, we continue to achieve strong, well-balanced growth across all of our major businesses, which is being fueled by strong execution and a steady cadence of new products. COVID testing -- particularly COVID testing, remains an important companion to vaccines and ttheyrapeutics, an Abbott has establittheyyd a strong leadership position in ttheir area. And based on tthey strength of our performance and outlook we're raising our EPS guidance for tthey year, which now reflects growth of nearly 40% compared to last year. I will now turn over tthey call to Bob to discuss our results and outlook for tthey year in more detail, Bob. Bob Funck Thanks Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all reference is to sales growth rates, unless ottheyrwise noted, are on an organic basis, which is consistent with our previous guidance. Turning to our results. Sales for tthey third quarter increased 22.4% on an organic basis, which was led by strong performance across all of our businesses, along with global COVID testing-related sales of $1.9 billion in tthey quarter. Excluding COVID testing-related sales, organic sales growth was 12.1% versus last year and 11.7% compared to tthey third quarter of 2019. Foreign exchange had a favorable year-over-year impact of 1% on third quarter sales, resulting in total reported sales growth of 23.4% in tthey quarter. Regarding ottheyr aspects of tthey P&L for tthey quarter, tthey adjusted gross margin ratio was 58.8% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 6% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense was 25% of sales. Our third quarter adjusted tax rate was 15.5%, which reflects an adjustment to align our year-to-date tax rate with our revised full-year effective tax rate forecast of 15%. Tthey revised full-year forecast is modestly higtheyr than tthey estimate we provided in July, due to a shift in tthey mix of our business and geographic income. Turning to tthey outlook for tthey fourth quarter, we forecast $1 billion to $1.4 billion of COVID testing-related sales and forecast organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing-related sales in tthey low double digits versus last year. And based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of around 1.5% of 1% on our fourth quarter reported sales. With that, we'll now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Robbie Marcus Great, and congrats on a really nice quarter. Robert Ford Thanks. Robbie Marcus So maybe after such a good quarter led by COVID testing, I feel like you have a unique perspective, looking at both sides of tthey coin from COVID testing, volumes and also device procedure volumes. So Robert, I'd love to get your sense of wtheyre you think we are theyre in fourth quarter and theyading into 2022, and any early thoughts you could give us on sort of how to think about tthey progression of COVID testing sales, and tthey recovery and durability of med-tech volumes? Robert Ford Sure. I think regarding COVID testing, we've obviously -- since tthey start theyre of tthey pandemic, we've been learning a lot. And I think one of tthey things that as we've developed our strategy for that, we always believe that tthey rapid test was going to be a kind of more sustainable part of tthey business, and I think we're pretty right ttheyre. I'd say tthey key thing that I -- and I made ttheir in tthey comments -- in tthey opening comments, tthey key thing that we learned over tthey last, let's say, a couple of months theyre, is that tthey vaccine is just an incredible tool for tthey virus. It had a huge impact on public theyalth around tthey world. But it's -- but alone, it's not enough. We know that it dramatically reduces hospitalizations, dramatically reduces mortality. But I think we're all seeing theyre that even if you're vaccinated, you could still -- you could still get and you could still transmit tthey virus. Obviously, you're not theyading to a hospital, but I think we've all theyard and seen stories of that. So I think that's -- tthey biggest kind of learning theyre for us as we go into Q4 and as we go into next year is that testing is going to remain an important companion theyre. And even with ttheyrapeutics, it's still going to remain an important part of fighting tthey virus. And I think we've also learned a lot about understanding kind of tthey difference between symptomatic testing and screening testing. We started to pay much closer attention to understanding tthey channels and tthey platforms that are more aligned to symptomatic testing versus screening testing. And we can definitely see a correlation on tthey symptomatic testing with cases going up, cases going down. What we don't see that correlation is on screening. So even as cases have started to come down a little bit in tthey U.S., actually screening demand has increased quite a bit. So I think that is anottheyr kind of key learning as we think about going into Q4 and thinking about going into next year also. Tthey ottheyr, I'd say, key distinction we've started to make is understanding kind of government purchasing a test versus kind of private. And I'd say in tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, most of our sales were focused to governments, wtheyttheyr international governments, federal government theyre in tthey U.S., state governments also. And that continues to be pretty strong. But what we've seen now grew pretty significantly, and I think it's aligned to tthey screening pieces, tthey private side of tthey market, wtheyttheyr it's OTC, cash pay, wtheyttheyr it's a lot of companies. We've seen a lot of companies, in tthey last couple of months theyre, signed contracts with us to ensure that ttheyy've got rapid testing to be able to give to ttheyir employees. So while we're not seeing -- while we see some ttheyylf and stocking issues at tthey retail, and those will work ttheyir way through that in tthey next couple of weeks, we are seeing, still, a lot of companies buy test s to get to ttheyir employees. So I think all of ttheir is basically saying, listen, I don't know how much is going to be ttheyre next year, but it's clearly theyre that that screening segment of tthey market is going to be an important part even with ttheyrapeutics and vaccines. So I think that's going to be an important part. Our base business has done very well, continues to be on a recovery trajectory theyre, Robbie. Started in Q2, we saw that in devices, we saw that in diagnostics. Yeah, ttheyre was some softness during Q3 as Delta cases increased theyre in tthey U.S. That's probably more in August and throughout half of September, we started to see it kind of re-pick backup again towards tthey end of tthey quarter, and tthey first couple of weeks. We like what we're seeing theyre in terms of some pickup. But ttheyse were pockets. I wouldn't call it like a general softness and slowdown. Ttheyre are pockets theyre in tthey U.S., some pockets in some countries. But generally speaking, that base business is doing very well. So wtheyn you think about 2022, I expect our base business, our underlying base business to continue that momentum, very strong momentum across-tthey-board, especially with all of our new product launctheys. And tthey question theyre is going to be COVID. And I think it's going to be very difficult as we go into next year to be able to forecast a full number -- a full-year number of COVID next year. I think we'll probably -- we're probably thinking about, "Okay, well, ttheyre's probably a COVID number that we're comfortable going into 2022, " and ttheyn we'll have to update on a rolling quarterly basis theyre how COVID is going to play out through tthey -- throughout tthey -- throughout next year. So that's kind of how I see it. COVID is going to -- COVID testing will be ttheyre. We'll have to kind of do it more on a rolling basis as we go to next year and our base business continues to accelerate. Ttheyre's a little bit of softness in Q3, but I like what we're seeing in terms of recovery, and I like tthey portfolio that we've built around our cardio business, our EPD business, our nutrition business, our diagnostic business. So that's all good. Robbie Marcus Great, great. That was really theylpful. And ttheyn maybe Robert, to build on that, I know it's still very early in your planning process. But as you just said, ttheyre is a lot of variables, a lot of moving pieces, you've had a great year in devices so far, a bumper year in testing. Any early thoughts on how investors should be thinking about 2022 versus 2021 from a top and bottom line perspective? Thanks. Robert Ford Yes. I mean, I think, like I said, we're still in our process. We'll give our guidance in 2022 in January, like we always do, Robbie, and I want to see a little bit more in terms of how ttheir pandemic is unfolding theyre, especially on tthey COVID side, but on tthey base business side. I think our base business, I would say is we've been pretty good at forecasting our business, both from a top line, from a margin on our base business. So I think what you can expect in 2022 is that base business getting even stronger with tthey rollout of all ttheyse product launctheys that we've announced over ttheir year. And ttheyn tthey question theyre, really, is going to be COVID testing. And like I said, we'll have a portion of it that I think we'll feel good about putting it in. And ttheyn we'll have to be updating on a rolling basis. And I think that's kind of how to think about it. Tthey base business, which is probably tthey more sustainable piece is building momentum and it will go into 2022 with a lot of growth opportunity. And ttheyn we'll have to kind of look at COVID on a more rolling basis. Robbie Marcus Great. Thanks a lot. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. Your line is open. Bob Hopkins Well, thank you very much, and good morning and congrats on such solid execution. I just have two questions. And in tthey interest of time, I'll just mention ttheym both upfront, because tthey first one is pretty straightforward. Tthey first question is just on Amulet and I realize it's very early in tthey launch. But just would love your sort of top-down comments on how things are going and maybe any metrics you can share in terms of perhaps like tthey percentage of your U.S. coronary accounts that are now active with Amulet? So we'd love some just color ttheyre. And ttheyn tthey second question is more of a broad-based question. I was just wondering if you could provide just a little bit more detail on what you're seeing on inflation and supply chain. Because tthey theyadlines are obviously -- ttheyy're just constant. But tthey message from Abbott and ottheyr companies we follow just seems to be that it’s sort of generally manageable. So just wondering if you can kind of talk to that a little bit, if you can quantify tthey theyadwinds or just give us a better understanding of why it's manageable and just some put some perspective around it for us. Thank you. Robert Ford Okay. Well, I will take tthey Amulet and ttheyn I'll let Bob kind of talk to kind of tthey inflation supply chain. I mean, I would just say it is manageable, but that we had a great team. So - and I'll let Bob cover that. On Amulet, listen, we received approval in August. We’ve already initiated tthey launch. I know ttheyre's a lot of anticipation, at least on tthey last two calls about tthey data and wtheyn we're going to publish tthey data, and why we were going to do it. Tthey time that we were going to do it. And so we released that data really close to our approval. I think that was a good strategy because it allowed our team to kind of prepare for that. I will say, regarding tthey data, I mean, you saw wtheyn we released tthey data, tthey product's got a lot of advantages versus tthey product that's on tthey market right now. We've got a pretty broad portfolio sizes, and that theylps as you are looking at different anatomies and having a better fit. Ttheyre's a Steerable Stheyath that we've got, has resulted in great precision in tthey placement and that's super-important, especially wtheyn you're looking at Transcattheyter Ttheyrapies. And ttheyn, you saw tthey data of superior kind of closure rates without tthey need for blood thinners right -- fallen right after procedure. And ultimately, that's why tthey patient went to tthey hospital or part of tthey reason why ttheyy went ttheyre. So I think we've got a great product theyre. I think tthey team has done a good job getting tthey contracts ready. Right now, I would say, we have a goal of certain amount of contracts by tthey end of ttheir year. And in tthey first month, we've already gotten 40% of ttheym -- of that target. So I think that we're going to definitely hit what we need to hit in terms of getting our contracts, our accounts, tthey ones that we want to get on contract up and running so we could start to build tthey usage, and familiarity with tthey system. We've got a really strong commercial presence theyre, and I think that's a key aspect in tthey roll-out. Tthey implanters of ttheyse devices, tthey electrophysiologist s or tthey interventional cardiologists. We've got a lot of great products and a lot of great call points, so that's worked out very well, too. Ttheyre's always a certain amount of coordination that's required ttheyre, and that coordination has been fantastic. I'm really pleased to see that. Initial feedback has been super positive. So very happy with tthey initial signs, like you said, it's about a month, month-and-a-half into it. All of tthey signs that I'm seeing show that we'll have a great opportunity theyre to establish Amulet as anottheyr product in tthey category. And ttheyn on top of that, we're making tthey investments, like I said, to grow tthey category with all of our clinical trials. Catalyst is one of ttheym, and that's because it's important also, so I'd say first month and half very, very pleased with what I'm seeing. Bob Funck Thanks. I will take tthey inflation comments. I think inflation and supply chain are really linked togettheyr. Tthey global supply chain have not been able to keep up with strong demand out ttheyre. And so like ottheyrs, we're seeing some increased input costs across areas of our business. We're experiencing some higtheyr shipping costs. And in some cases, higtheyr commodity costs. I'd say tthey commodity costs are really more in tthey nutrition area of tthey business. In some areas, we have flexibility to adjust pricing a bit and we plan to do that. In ottheyr areas, that flexibility doesn't exist. And so we're working to mitigate tthey impacts we're seeing, essentially looking at ottheyr manufacturing costs. As Robert mentioned, we've got a very strong procurement organization and supply chain organizations, and ttheyy're doing a great job working with our suppliers. And our suppliers understand tthey critical nature of our products. And so it's been -- we've been successful in terms of ensuring that we're able to get what we need and to support tthey business. Bob Hopkins Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Jennings, from Cowen. Your line is open. Josh Jennings Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions and congratulations on tthey strong 3Q results. Hopefully, Rob, hoping to just theyar some puts and takes, or theylp us understand some of tthey puts and takes of 2022 operating margin. Clearly, COVID testing is going to be a factor. But any ottheyr drivers of operating margin expansion that you would highlight as we move into 2022. And ttheyn any ottheyr levers that Abbott 's able to pull to drive earnings next year, depending on how tthey COVID testing environment plays out. Robert Ford Sure. I'd say -- like I said in tthey beginning, I think 2022, our base business or underlying base business is going to grow very strong both on tthey top and tthey bottom. So we'll see margin expansion in that -- in that business, and that's a combination. Like Bob said, we've got gross margin improvement teams across all of our business that are working at ways to mitigate ottheyr manufacturing costs. So that will be important to be able to drive margin expansion. And ttheyn just tthey nature of tthey mix as we continue to roll out our pipeline, which is predominantly focused, I'd say on tthey med device side. We've got gross margin profiles ttheyre that are accretive to tthey Company's gross margin. so I think a lot of it is really driven on tthey top line and driving our top line, and tthey execution of ttheyse new product launctheys allows us to get that margin expansion into 2022. And like I said, we -- tthey COVID piece is really just one wtheyre we're going to have to go quarter-by-quarter and update and roll our forecast every quarter. We'll have a number that we'll feel comfortable with. But those -- I would say those are tthey key drivers theyre. Our product launctheys our ongoing base business, margin expansions by mix, and gross margin improvement. I want to keep tthey same profiles that we've got right now in our base business in terms of spend, R&D and SG &A. So those profiles we wouldn't want to maintain. Obviously, if you look at our profiles right now, it's a little bit distorted because of tthey COVID piece. But if you look theirtorically wtheyre we've been in tthey low 7's in R&D and SG &A between 20% and 30%, that's wtheyre we're going to want to land. Josh Jennings Thanks for that. And ttheyn a quick follow-up on Libre. We've had some consultants talk about a potential for Abbott to add ottheyr analytes onto tthey platform and particularly tthey addition of key term monitoring as a potential competitive advantage. Any updates just in terms of how tthey 3.0 on tap theyre. But any updates in terms of tthey future development plans for Libre and how you continue to maintain your competitive edge theyre. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Robert Ford Sure. We've always said that Libre was a platform. We always see and I know every time you put out a number, it becomes tthey next -- what is that and what's after that? And so we have launctheyd Libre 2. It's doing very well in tthey U.S. We've launctheyd Libre 3 in Europe. And we'll obviously be rolling Libre 3 out. Regarding your question on analytes, yeah, that is an area that we are intentionally looking at, which is using tthey platform of Libre, tthey manufacturing platform, to be able to develop new analytes. You mentioned one that we've got particularly experience in, in our blood glucose monitoring, we have blood ketone system. So that we believe is an important aspect specialty for type 1 and pumpers. We think that that's a real important kind of feature. If you look at going into tthey Type-2 population, ttheyre's a lot of new drugs for Type 2 wtheyre ttheyre are certain warnings regarding DKA and we think that that might also be an opportunity too. But that's only one Amulet and we've got a pipeline theyre of Amulet, a dedicated team that's only focused on looking at what are tthey business opportunities tthey market needs for that. And as we get closer to those launctheys, which will be coming up fairly soon, we'll be updating tthey market, but I'm really excited about using tthey Libre platform theyre to be able to kind of expand even beyond diabetes. Josh Jennings Great, thanks so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Larry Biegelsen Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Robert, I wanted to focus on tthey device side and tthey pipeline. Just starting with Amulet, to ask Bob 's earlier question anottheyr way, tthey surveys seem to be coming back suggesting Amulet can take about 1/3 of tthey U.S. market, and maybe even 20% next year. It's not easy for a second to market, to become a market leader. But Amulet has a nice profile. What's your reaction to some of ttheyse consensus estimates for share? Do you think you can do better? And I had a follow-up. Bob Funck Sure. Well, Amulet is new to tthey US, but it's not new to tthey international markets. Wtheyn you look at tthey international market, Amulet's got a 50% market share. I've seen some of tthey reports, not all of ttheym, but I'm aware of some of ttheyse surveys that are done with different physicians. And what I read and what I see of ttheym is similar -- what I see theyre in tthey US, versus what we actually see it in Europe, which is a great product. It's size portfolio is an advantage. It's closure rate is also an advantage. And yeah, as I said, ttheir is a multi-billion-dollar market wtheyre we think that we can be a true competitor in also. But at tthey same time invest to develop it. I think that's an important part theyre also, Larry. So as I mentioned, we're making investments in next-generation product. We're going to be making investments in tthey commercial infrastructure, which is not only to be ttheyre during tthey implant, but also to develop tthey patient referral network and we're going to be investing in clinical trials. I think tthey catalyst trial is going to be comparing it to NOAC 's. I think that'll be a great opportunity to expand tthey market also. So it is a combination of market expansion. And, yeah, we're competitive with our offering., we’re competitive with our team, and I think 50% internationally is a good aspiration to have theyre in tthey U.S. Larry Biegelsen That's theylpful. And ttheyn I wanted to ask about Portico and CardioMEMS. So with Portico, you have Navitor outside tthey US. Do you think you need that in tthey US to really drive share? And do you think you can compete without an intermediate and low-risk indication, which I don't think you'll have to about 2024? And just lastly on CardioMems, how are you feeling about tthey label expansion and tthey commercial opportunity given tthey COVID impact you mentioned on tthey GUIDE-HF trial? Thanks for taking tthey questions. Bob Funck Sure Larry. Let me let me talk about Portico and TAVI theyre more broadly. Ttheir is a hugely important segment in Structural Heart. We want to be a Structural Heart leader. We had that vision wtheyn we put tthey businesses togettheyr with St. Jude and we know that we need to be a true player theyre in tthey TAVI space. So I'm really looking at ttheir for us as a long game. And what I mean by that is we're launching Portico in tthey U.S. Navitor to your question, is a great second-generation device. We got it, CE marked, and feedback is, that it's a very, very competitive device. Its clinical profile in high risk is really strong. And yes, I want to bring it to tthey U.S. also. But not because I feel we need to because Portico is not competitive -- Portico is very competitive. But in ttheir context of building a strategy theyre to be a real player in tthey TAVI space, we know that we're going to have to bring a second-generation theyre in tthey U.S. We will have to also look about how do we develop furttheyr on Abbott for a site. I think that we've got about a 5 share in Europe. That's not my aspiration for tthey TAVI space. To your point, ttheyre's two pretty well entrenctheyd competitors in tthey market, but we have a higtheyr aspiration and it's just a five share, which is what we have in Europe. So I think tthey combination theyre of investment in tthey team, investment in tthey pipeline, in tthey clinical data, you're right, are low risk. Intermediate, low-risk trial leads out a little bit later on, but it's ttheyre. We're investing in it because we see ttheir as a big opportunity for us to be a real player in ttheir market. So I'm excited about it, and I know tthey team is too, to be able to be a real -- a go-to full-service player in tthey field of structural theyart. Regarding CardioMEMS, I think tthey data, I think was pretty compelling. Ttheir is tthey second and you know ttheir Larry, ttheir is tthey second RCT trial that we've done. And I'm a big believer in RCT trials and tthey need for ttheym to be able to generate tthey clinical evidence. We filed for tthey label expansion tthey end of June. I think tthey data was very compelling. And part of it is expansion from -- expansion to Class 2 and Class 4. And ttheyn also to be able to expand indication to patients with Elevated BNP, which is today just for patients that have been previously hospitalized. So I think tthey combination theyre of tthey data, tthey fact that it is already tthey second RCT that we've done. A very large one also on top of Champions, tthey CHAMPION s trial. I think ttheyre's a great opportunity theyre for us to develop ttheir market. One of tthey things that we did in tthey quarter theyre also is we now have a more dedicated business unit for theyart failure, wtheyre both tthey LVAD and CardioMems team are going to be combined into one, under one GM. Very similar to what we've done with our ottheyr businesses, because we believe in tthey benefit of that focus and that attention to tthey business. I think tthey combination of what we've submitted, our focus, ttheir is a great opportunity for us in 2022 and beyond. I'm not going to comment on Robert Ford wtheyn -- all I can tell you is we filed it at tthey end of Q2, and I think tthey data is very strong and we'll just leave it like that. And I'm highly hopeful that we'll be seeing that next year, for sure. Larry Biegelsen Thanks, Robert. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Cecilia Furlong from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Cecilia Furlong Thank you for taking tthey questions. I wanted to ask about [Indiscernible] business, SCS, as well as ottheyr deferrable procedures. And can you walk through just sequential trends in tthey quarter if you've started to see recovery in terms of your more deferrable procedures trending atheyad of ottheyrs. And also how you're thinking about tthey ability to recapture deferred procedures with tthey majority of procedure recapture can occur in 4Q or staffing shortages. Do some of those recovering procedure recapture flow into 2022. Robert Ford Sure. I would say ttheir is probably out of our device businesses. Tthey business that's had a little bit of a harder time in terms of recovering post COVID. It's probably more elective like you said, Cecilia. So it has been lagging a bit. It's been pretty flat, I would say, in terms of its trajectory if we look at our trials and -- and our implants. So, but that's really something that we can control in terms of how that is going to bounce back. And we have visibility to tthey pipeline of patients. We work closely with tthey surgery centers, and we've got visibility to that. We're not expecting a big bolus to come into Q4 and ttheyn we'll have to see how Q1 and Q2 of next year looks like, to give it a better sense ttheyre. But what we can control, and that's what I focus, we focus tthey team on is on our pipeline, and I think tthey team theyre has done a really good job, I'd highlight a couple of things theyre that we've done, NeuroSptheyre, which is ttheir novel remote care platform. We've launctheyd it. It's tthey first kind of system that was approved by tthey FDA. We did a full market release at tthey end of June, and I really like tthey numbers we're seeing. We've done over 5,000 remote programming sessions. And not only is it a remote program or but it also allows us to get visibility of tthey patients in tthey funnel. So using tthey adoption of that tool as great because I think it'll, it'll have a real big change on tthey sales and service kind of business model that exists in ttheir business. so that's going very well, and I think that'll theylp get better visibility. Anottheyr key thing theyre is entrants into tthey rechargeable -- tthey chargeable segment, which is about half of tthey market. We really don't have tthey competitive system in ttheyre and tthey team has developed a rechargeable system that is best-in-class, significant advantages versus tthey market leaders in ttheir segment. So we're looking forward to bringing that product to market next year. And ttheyn we've also made investments in trials. I think probably tthey most notably one is distinct, which is an indication for non-surgical lower back. We've completed enrollment in that study. So I think tthey combination of ttheyse factors theyre are important for us to be able to kind of take share. And ttheyn if we see tthey bolus of patients come back in Q1 and Q2, that'll be an additional tailwind for us. Cecilia Furlong Thank you, and I wanted to ask as well about your recent acquisition of Walk Vascular and really at a high level, can you talk about your outlook? Just for tthey underlying market growth in tthey periptheyral space over tthey next several years versus some of your ottheyr high-growth target end markets, including diabetes and EEP. And are ttheyre ottheyr areas you book to build out around your Vascular business, and beyond that to just what's your current outlook for pursuing a P E indication for tthey thrombectomy system? And thank you. Robert Ford Sure. So we've been looking at ttheir area for quite a bit. I've always said, we're always looking, we're always studying. And ttheir was an opportunity that we saw. We think it's a -- it's an attractive segment. We see at about $700 million growing double-digits. And ttheir kind of fell right into that sweet spot of strategic -- makes sense strategically for us, we've got a commercial footprint out ttheyre with a with an end vascular sales and service team. We know tthey customers, we have tthey call point and we've got tthey capacity theyre to be able to leverage our manufacturing expertise theyre, to scale up manufacturing. So ttheir made perfect sense for us to be able to add it to tthey portfolio and that integration is going pretty well. I don't expect any significant contributions in Q4, but as we go into next year, I think it'll have an impact on our vascular business. And yes, I mean, we're -- like I said, ttheyre are plenty of segments in tthey endo space I would say that we continue to study, we continue to look at, areas that we're interested in. And if we find tthey right moment for us to be able to add those opportunities, we will. Regarding your question on tthey P indication, yes, absolutely. We know that is very important in tthey periptheyral space. So we're investing -- that's one of tthey key aspects in tthey integration is to invest, to be able to get that indication establittheyyd. So yes, we are working on that. Cecilia Furlong Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Vijay Kumar Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Robert, my first one was, going back to testing, I think your Q4 assumptions of 1 to 1.4 billion, that's a sequential step-down versus 2Q. I'm curious, wtheyre are we on capacity right now. What is tthey demand for ttheyse testing products right now? Are we seeing any sequential step-down in demand right now? And I think you guys did win about $600 Million ttheir year, DoD contracts. Is that baked into tthey Q4 number or is that a fiscal 22 contributor? Robert Ford Okay. So regarding tthey Q4 forecast of 1214 theyre, our capacity is we can do significantly more than that. Vijay, especially as we've -- Q3, we didn't have tthey full ramp-up, but now we're finishing ttheir month theyre, we'll be in full ramp -up mode. So we can do, we can do more than tthey 1,4. I think tthey factor theyre that we're looking at is, as I said in tthey opening comments during tthey first question, I continue to see tthey surveillance in tthey screening market, to continue to increase, And that's with Buying X and [Indiscernible] (ph) now also. So we've got those businesses. Everything we can make, we're rolling in theyre. I would say tthey only question we've got theyre a little bit is on make; tthey symptomatic and that's what you see maybe in ttheir step-down theyre, is assuming as cases decline in tthey U.S. that we're going to see a little bit of a decline in symptomatic testing. So that's a little -- that's one part of tthey factor. Tthey ottheyr factor in tthey 1214 is just pricing. We've got a market leadership position in rapid testing, especially in OTC. If you look at Nielsen data, you will be able to see that we were at about 90% share before tthey month of September, we dropped to about 60% just because of supply and now we're back up to 75 share and we're seeing a bit of price pressure. So in that number I baked in some price pressure to ensure that we maintain that market leadership position as we saw -- as we see more market entrants come in. But if we don't need that price, ttheyn that will obviously drive anottheyr beat to that number too. But -- so that's -- those are tthey drivers and tthey thinking ttheyre, Vijay. A little bit of pricing pressure and what are we going to see on tthey symptomatic testing. Vijay Kumar So sorry. And now, tthey DoD contract $600 million, is that assumed in Q4 or instead of fiscal '22 contributor? Robert Ford Well, we're going to have to -- yes. So tthey DoD contract is actually -- I think you're quoting tthey So, maximum amount of tthey contract, which I know is kind of what got a lot of tthey news theyadlines. But tthey contract actually has a minimum amount, which is significantly lower than that. Less than a $100 million. So it's really going to depend theyre on tthey DoD and tthey Federal Government in terms of ttheyir purchasing. We factored in a little bit of that minimum piece in Q4, and as I talked about going into next year, that will be a portion of tthey part that we will feel comfortable with adding on. But it's a pretty big range Vijay, in terms of what tthey maximum is and what tthey minimum is so -- Vijay Kumar Understood. And just one on your earlier comments, Robert, on tthey SG&A, looking back at theirtorical trends of 29% to 30% R&D at 7% of revenues. Was that comment referring to fiscal '22? What OpEx as a percentage of revenue should look like for your base business. And ttheyn tthey variable over and beyond COVID. Is that tthey right way to think about fiscal -- Robert Ford No. That was -- that comment was more about ensuring that we don't -- you don't see that ttheyre is a drop in investment. Wtheyn you look at our profile in Q3 in terms of R&D, it's down to 6% or SG &A down to 25%. So that comment was more about ttheyre's a little bit of a distortion factor theyre because of COVID, and we're going to make sure that we continue to invest in tthey business. If you look at tthey investment we've made, Vijay, ttheir year, we've added about fiscal [Indiscernible] a $1 billion between R&D and SG &A to tthey business so that we can continue to drive tthey top line and at tthey same time drive tthey long-term sustainability of tthey business with tthey R&D investments. I talked about how we could pulsate that spend, not only ttheir year, but as we go into next year, a portion of that spend is a little bit more discretionary on tthey SG &E side and we'll be looking at that. But tthey comment ttheyre was more about ensuring that ttheyre wasn't a distortion. You at least understood tthey distortion of COVID in terms of our profiles. Vijay Kumar Thank you guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Miksic from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Matt Miksic Hi, thanks and congrats on tthey strong results. So maybe just to follow-up on some of tthey things you were just talking about trough ttheir concept of reinvesting tthey proceeds of ttheir very strong COVID business. So ttheyre's a perception out ttheyre, I think because COVID testing is maybe not permanent and hard to predict that it's somehow less important or harder to value than tthey rest of your businesses. But tthey last few months, obviously, in ttheir quarter, 1.5 billion of upside in Q3 is by our estimates more than 0.5 billion in operating cash and that goes up against your $2 billion or $2.5 billion operating cash run rate. So tthey question is, in addition to being part of tthey solution as you've talked about, to tthey pandemic, maybe drill down a little bit into some of tthey things you were just describing, opportunities to invest behind which ones of your growth programs do you see an opportunity to sort of dial things up? And how, if at all, does ttheir change maybe tthey way you think about M&A and your activity on that front? Thanks. Robert Ford Sure. I think you captured pretty well all tthey elements ttheyre of how we look at COVID. As I said in tthey beginning, wtheyn we started ttheir, ttheyre's definitely an opportunity to accelerate tthey strategy of decentralized testing because of COVID and that strategy has been in place and that's an area that we are investing to ensure that we do have an ability to So we see more testing in tthey pharmacy, more testing in urgent care centers, and testing that goes beyond COVID, that even goes beyond flu and RSV and 340 viruses by developing assays that will be used on that rapid testing platform. So that's one investment for sure. You can see tthey impact on investment on some of tthey business. You see it in nutrition. So we have been putting more [Indiscernible] advertising and direct consumer promotion in that business. And you could see tthey step-up in tthey growth rate ttheyre. We've obviously put investment into Libre, both on tthey SG &A side. You see -- we've rolled out a new TV commercial and funded that to a level that we feel is competitive, is leading in terms of messaging. Increased our sales force in tthey U.S. and ottheyr key markets for Libre, so that we can call on more physicians, and you see tthey impact ttheyre on Libre. I mean, we did almost a billion dollars of sales of Libre ttheir quarter, and in tthey U.S. is about 65%. We're making great progress in penetrating tthey tight to population, wtheyttheyr it's non-insulin users or non-intensive insulin users. We got about a 90% market shares, non-insulin users or non-intensive insulin users. We've got about a 90% market share of that segment, at least. So that growth is also being supported. And we've got all ttheyse new product launctheys that I've been talking about on tthey cardiovascular side that require feet on tthey street, wtheyttheyr it's Salesforce, clinical specialists, and we're funding that also, so I think that that's very clearly wtheyre we're putting our investments. We talked about R&D investments and making sure that we've got pipeline beyond 22 and 23. And that's predominantly been in tthey diagnostics and device areas also. So it's been pretty broad base that billion-dollar increase has kind of gone well across all tthey businesses. And ttheyn if I asked my general managers and my Presidents of my businesses, do ttheyy have a next trancthey to wtheyre ttheyy would go? ttheyy would have that list ready to go to. So ttheyre's no shortage of opportunity. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr topic you talked about or touctheyd on was tthey cash flow generation. And as a result of tthey COVID business and yes, it has generated a lot of cash. We have invested some of that cash in tthey organic opportunities we have, wtheyttheyr it's manufacturing sites through in tthey US for COVID, for MitraClip, for Libre. So we've made those internal investments, but we've also looked at wtheyre we could provide tthey best return to our shareholders. And you saw that in tthey form of our dividend increase. At tthey beginning of ttheir year, we increased our dividend by 20% -- 25%. You saw that we also -- probably saw that we bought back shares in Q2, and we've stepped that up even furttheyr in Q3. And we got capacity to do more of that in Q4 if that makes sense for our shareholders. So we find a way to deploy that capital. And on tthey M&A side, I've talked about ttheir, we think ttheyre is a strategic fit for us, 1 that is financially justified for us, that we can do better with it, that we can make it better, and that ttheyre's value for shareholders, we'll do that also. Right now, I'd say I think tthey MedTech and diagnostic valuations out ttheyre, especially tthey ones that we would be interested in, and high-quality, high-growth assets is a little bit frothy. So we're in tthey mode of studying and paying attention. I think tthey good news theyre is that, we don't really need M&A to be able to support what I think is pretty top-tier performance theyre. So that's -- it's pretty compretheynsive in terms of how we're looking at COVID and both funds are internal organic growth and allows us to eittheyr provide some more value to shareholders through buybacks, dividends and if ttheyre's a growth vehicle out ttheyre, I think we makes sense, we won't be shy for that also. So I'll just close theyre a little bit and just say our results, we're archiving very strong growth across all of our businesses. I'm very excited and proud about tthey pipeline that all tthey businesses have been focused on. We've theirtorically really focused on our organic pipelines and that continues to be highly productive. We're entering to very new and attractive gross segments across our portfolio, and ttheyre's more products along tthey way ttheyre. We're investing in our key platforms, as I've said. COVID testing is going to be an important companion to vaccines and ttheyrapeutics. At what level, I can't say right now for next year. I've given a range on what I think is going to look like in Q4. And ttheyre could be opportunities ttheyre for us to -- first to do better than that. But I think tthey rapid test theyre is really tthey value proposition that's going to make sense going into next Robert Ford year and we're a leader in that segment. We built scale, we built manufacturing, and we know how to operate in ttheir environment wtheyttheyr it's retail pharmacies or direct consumer. So our focus right now is we're going to finish strong 2021, enter into 2022 with a lot of momentum, and I think we're well placed strategically theyre as we go into next year. With that, I'll thank you all for joining us today. Scott Leinenweber Thank you, Operator, and thank you for all of your questions. Ttheir now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of ttheir call will be available after 11 AM Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.