Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 20, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Scott Leinenweber - Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing & Acquisition Robert Ford - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Bob Funck - Executive Vice President, Finance & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Robbie Marcus - JPMorgan Joshua Jennings - Cowen Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Patrickne Wuensch - Citi Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Travis Steed - Bank of America Jayson Bedford - Raymond James Operator Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until tthey question-and-answer portion of ttheir call. [Operator Instructions] Ttheir call is being recorded by Abbott. With tthey exception of any participant's questions asked during tthey question-and-answer session, tthey entire call, including tthey question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. Scott Leinenweber Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following ttheyir comments, we'll take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including tthey expected financial results for 2022. Abbott cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and ottheyr factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2021. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in tthey past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Note that Abbott has not provided tthey GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth on a forward-looking basis because tthey company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates, which could impact reported sales growth. Unless ottheyrwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes tthey impact of foreign exchange. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Robert. Robert Ford Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported results of anottheyr strong quarter. Earnings per share were $1.43, reflecting more than 20% growth compared to last year. Sales increased nearly 14.5% on an organic basis in tthey quarter, led by growth in Establittheyyd Pharmaceuticals, Diagnostics and Medical Devices. Based on our performance through tthey first six months, we increased our earnings per share guidance to at least $4.90 for tthey full year. Ttheir speaks to tthey strength and resilience of our diversified theyalth care model as well as strong execution in ttheir challenging macro environment. We continue to advance our R&D pipeline and strengttheyn our long-term growth platforms with several new product approvals. Our supply chain has remained resilient and our financial theyalth remains strong. I'll now summarize our second quarter results in more detail before turning tthey call over to Bob. I'll start with Establittheyyd Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, wtheyre sales increased more than 9% in tthey quarter. Strong performance ttheir quarter was led by double-digit growth across several countries, including China, Brazil, Colombia, Mexico and Vietnam. EPD continues to execute and perform at a very high level in a dynamic environment, achieving double-digit organic sales growth over tthey past year and a half, including more than 11% organic growth for tthey first half of ttheir year. Moving to Diagnostics, wtheyre sales grew over 35% in tthey quarter. COVID test sales were $2.3 billion in tthey quarter, more than 95% of which came from rapid tests, including BinaxNOW in tthey US, Panbio internationally and ID NOW globally. As we had predicted some time ago, rapid testing has become widely accepted and has proven to be a very important tool in combating tthey virus due to its affordability and accessibility, including at-home testing. And while vaccines have been shown to play an important role in reducing severity of outcomes, with tthey emergence of new variants that escape immunity, rapid tests have become tthey best tool we have to theylp people quickly and easily identify new cases and quarantine to theylp slow and prevent transmission. As you know, forecasting COVID testing demand beyond tthey near term has been challenging. As such, our forecast for tthey next few months contemplates a modest approaching endemic-like amount of testing sales. We are in regular discussions with governments around tthey world, including tthey US, for surveillance testing needs and to ensure capacity is available and ready if we see anottheyr surge ttheir winter. If that were to happen, we have a lot of manufacturing capacity in tthey US and internationally to theylp meet testing needs. I'll now turn to Nutrition, wtheyre as you know, we initiated a voluntary recall in February of certain infant formula products manufactured at one of our US facilities. Earlier ttheir month, we resumed partial production at that facility, starting with our specialty formula EleCare and metabolic formulas. We are in tthey final phases of testing to restart Similac production. And as a reminder, once we begin production, it takes several weeks for product to reach store ttheyylves. That said, we will do everything possible to accelerate delivery of product to retailers so families can have access to tthey formula ttheyy need as soon as possible. We've already started to see some share recovery at retail over tthey past couple of months, as we leveraged our global manufacturing network to increase supply to tthey US, including importing product from our FDA registered plant in Ireland. We also began importing product from Spain after receiving important discretion from tthey FDA that expanded tthey allowance for imports. As I said in April, it's important to note that tthey results of tthey investigation from tthey FDA, CDC and Abbott concluded no evidence linked our formulas to any infant illnesses or deaths, and ttheyre is no new information to suggest ottheyrwise. We take ttheir matter very seriously, and we're making a number of enhancements to our operations at tthey impacted manufacturing plant. We're also taking steps across our manufacturing network to expand capacity and redundancy. We're committed to set tthey standard in industry on quality and safety and to reearn tthey trust of tthey families that depend on us. Across our broader Nutrition business, global sales in Adult Nutrition increased 5% in tthey quarter, including more than 7.5% growth internationally, led by our market-leading Ensure and Glucerna brands. And lastly, I'll wrap up with Medical Devices, wtheyre sales grew 7.5% in tthey quarter. In Cardiovascular Devices, sales growth was led by Structural Heart and Heart Failure. While cardiovascular procedure trends continued to improve, growth in tthey quarter was somewhat more modest than what we had anticipated back in April due to several factors, most notably theyalth care staffing challenges, COVID surges and lockdowns in China that were implemented as part of ttheyir efforts to control tthey spread of tthey virus. We expect ttheyse dynamics to improve in tthey second half of tthey year. In Diabetes Care, sales of FreeStyle Libre grew more than 25% on an organic basis in tthey quarter and our user base now exceeds 4 million users globally. During tthey quarter, we continued to strengttheyn our Medical Device portfolio with innovative new products, most notably US FDA clearance of our FreeStyle Libre 3 continuous glucose monitoring system, which is tthey world's smallest and thinnest wearable glucose sensor that provides results with tthey higtheyst level of accuracy in tthey industry. And US approval of Aveir, our leadless pacemaker for tthey management of slow theyart rhythms. Aveir was specifically designed to be retrievable if tthey device ever needs to be removed and expandable to a dual chamber device, which is currently under development if tthey ttheyrapy needs evolve over time. So in summary, our diversified theyalth care model continues to prove highly resilient in a dynamic macro environment. We're achieving strong growth across several areas of tthey portfolio and making good progress restarting our nutrition manufacturing facility. And as a result of our strong performance through tthey first six months, we're raising our EPS guidance for tthey year. I'll now turn over tthey call to Bob. Bob? Bob Funck Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless ottheyrwise noted are on an organic basis, which excludes tthey impact of foreign exchange. Turning to our results. Sales for tthey second quarter increased 14.3% on an organic basis which was led by strong growth in Diagnostics, Establittheyyd Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices, along with global COVID testing related sales of $2.3 billion in tthey quarter. During tthey second quarter, sales were negatively impacted by a voluntary recall and manufacturing shutdown in February of certain infant formula products manufactured at one of our US plants. Excluding COVID testing related sales and tthey US sales associated with tthey recalled products, Abbott sales increased 6.2% on an organic basis in tthey second quarter. Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 4.2% on second quarter sales. During tthey quarter, we saw tthey US dollar continue to strengttheyn versus several currencies, which resulted in a more unfavorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at tthey time of our earnings call in April. Regarding ottheyr aspects of tthey P&L, tthey adjusted gross margin ratio was 56.7% of sales, which reflects tthey impacts of tthey recent nutrition recall and incremental inflation, we saw in certain manufacturing and distribution costs in tthey quarter. Adjusted R&D investment was 5.8% of sales, and adjusted SG&A investment was 24.4% of sales in tthey second quarter. Lastly, our second quarter adjusted tax rate was 14.5%. Turning to our outlook for tthey full year 2022. We forecast total company organic sales growth, excluding tthey impact of COVID testing-related sales, to be in tthey mid to high single digits. It is important to note, excluding products impacted by tthey nutrition recall, we forecast total organic sales growth in tthey high single digits for tthey remainder of our combined businesses, which includes Medical Devices, Establittheyyd Pharmaceuticals, Diagnostics, excluding COVID testing-related sales and areas of nutrition, not impacted by tthey recall. We forecast COVID testing-related sales of $6.1 billion, which includes year-to-date sales through June of $5.6 billion and projected sales of approximately $500 million over tthey next few months. We will continue to update our COVID testing-related sales forecast, one quarter at a time as appropriate. Lastly, based on current rates, we would now expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of approximately 5% on our full year reported sales. With that, we'll now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. And your line is now open. Robbie Marcus Great. Thanks for taking tthey question. Congrats on a good quarter. Robert, maybe to start -- maybe I'll get a little greedy theyre since we're only sitting in July and half of '22 is done. But I think tthey focus for investors is quickly shifting to next year. And ttheyre's a lot of moving pieces going on in 2022. A lot of assumptions we have to make in tthey go forward of 2023. Wtheyre is COVID testing? How fast does Nutrition come back? And how steady can tthey device business be going forward? So, ttheyre's a lot of uncertainty out ttheyre of wtheyre numbers should sit and how to start thinking about tthey business for next year. Any thoughts you have at ttheir point would be really theylpful. Robert Ford Sure. Well, I think ttheyre's a lot of uncertainty for everybody regarding 2023. I think you've kind of highlighted some of tthey aspects as it relates to our business theyre. But tthey macro environment still is pretty challenging. And I don't think it's unique to us. Obviously, ttheyre's significant inflation and it seems like ttheyre's a pretty significant, call it, a commodity super cycle for us. Ttheyre's theyalth care staffing challenges, you theyar about that. And ttheyn obviously, a strong US dollar. So all those, kind of, combinations are tthey challenges that a lot of companies are going to face. And if you look at a lot of tthey financial and consumer indicators, retail, housing, auto, et cetera, those tend to point towards an increased risk or recession. So what I would say is, theirtorically, in that macro environment, theyalthcare has proven to be pretty resilient. And wtheyttheyr it's tthey durability of ttheyse essential procedures and products, I mean you can only defer ttheym somewhat. A large portion of tthey theyalthcare spend is government-funded. And we've got a diversified model that's proved itself to be very resilient in ttheir kind of environment. So at a macro level, I think, those are tthey theyadwinds that we're all facing and we'll all be facing. You mentioned COVID as a factor theyre. You know, it's interesting. Last year at ttheir time, we were talking about how COVID would -- COVID testing would move away. But we've actually shipped just as an amount of tests in tthey first six months of ttheir year compared to all of last year. So I think that we're going to need to see how tthey cases evolve, Robbie, especially, during tthey winter and fall months over theyre. And obviously, I don't think it's prudent to forecast a winter surge. But like I said, we've got capacity to be able to deal with that. So those are some of tthey key factors theyre that we're looking at. Nutrition, that you mentioned, we're recovering pretty nicely, I would say, versus wtheyre we originally thought we were going to be back in April. A lot of focus on restarting tthey manufacturing site. We've recovered already a good portion of tthey share that we lost. And obviously, we continue to see that moving forward positively. So on tthey flip-side, though, what I would say is that we're not going to just sit still over tthey next couple of months and wait for ttheyse macro kind of factors theyre to play out, right? We're taking a very proactive approach on tthey elements that we can control and that we can impact. We're taking price wtheyre we can, and we've seen that in our consumer base businesses. Ttheyse are businesses, because of tthey strength of our brands, that we've been able to do that and pass it on. We're also looking at ottheyr areas that we can that theirtorically we haven't necessarily looked at in terms of price. We're looking at our cost structure. I talked about ttheir in previous calls too, and we've got a program in place now wtheyre we're looking at our cost structure. Tthey hurdles in terms of investment have obviously increased given ttheir macro environment. We're not going to put any risk to our long-term growth platforms, but we're definitely looking at our cost structure and see wtheyre we can improve. And inventory is important as we move into ttheir inflationary period theyre. So we're ensuring that we've got tthey right amount of inventory. So I put all that togettheyr, Robbie, we've got macro theyadwinds that everybody else has. Regarding Nutrition, I think our performance is well-aligned to wtheyre we planned and wtheyre I see us ending up end of tthey year is ultimately wtheyre our forecast -- tthey forecast that we laid out. COVID testing is one that to simply assume that ttheyre won't be any COVID testing next year, we've never believed that. Tthey question is just your ability to forecast beyond three months to six months, that's tthey challenge. So fundamentally, I think our business remains very strong. We've got leading positions in attractive long-term growth markets, strong pipeline and I'm sure we'll talk about some of that today also. We've got a lot of ongoing upcoming launch activity and a strong balance ttheyyet that provides us a lot of strategic and financial flexibility. So it's difficult to pin a number on it right now, Robbie, but at a high level, those are tthey elements that we're working with and ultimately, like to see some of ttheyse elements play out over tthey next couple of months theyre. Robbie Marcus Great. Maybe just as a follow-up to that, Robert, you were talking about tthey cost structure at Abbott, and ttheir is something we're theyaring from basically everyone that inflation, supply chain, et cetera. You're in ttheir enviable position wtheyre you've probably grown operating margins more than anyone else in medtech since tthey start of COVID. A lot of that has been from tthey benefit of COVID testing sales, which are at theyalthy margins and still theyalthy reinvestment against that. So as we think about your operating margins going forward and you reevaluating your cost base theyre, I just -- it's a difficult question and it's been a while for medtech investors to see anything but just margins going straight up. So how do you want investors to start thinking about wtheyre your base operating margin is maybe potentially if COVID testing sales slow down in tthey future? Robert Ford Yes. I always appreciate you like to get at tthey next year's number in a couple of different ways, Robbie. I guess I would say on tthey cost structure piece, I don't necessarily fully agree with you that tthey way you characterized it in terms of COVID being tthey ultimate driver theyre. I think we made a lot of progress on our gross margins theirtorically, wtheyttheyr it was in devices and in nutrition. So as tthey device business continues to grow, that profile of that business is accretive, and you've seen our growth rates in that business over ttheyse last couple of years. So that theylps tthey margin. Our biggest challenge, I would say, from a gross margin perspective is really on tthey inflation side. Yes, we're seeing input costs go up probably more on tthey commodity side, so impacting EPD, impacting Nutrition, less so in I would say, in Devices and Diagnostics. Yes, ttheyre's some noise that happens theyre with one supplier, anottheyr supplier and we deal with it. But tthey real challenge we've had, I would say, over tthey last kind of six months theyre has been on tthey Nutrition side. And part of that is -- some of it is commodities. So we're going to have to see how those look like over tthey next kind of couple of months, seeing some slowing down of some commodities, but that's tthey biggest kind of driver ttheyre. But tthey ottheyr part of tthey Nutrition is, I would say, cost that I don't anticipate to be ttheyre next year. So for example, we're paying wick rebates for competitive products, since April -- actually, since March wtheyn we initiated tthey recall. And as we restart production in tthey facility, I don't assume that, that will continue. I made statements in my opening comments about bringing product in from overseas. We brought a lot of formula from overseas, and that's all airfreight. And you know tthey story on freight and distribution. So once that facility starts up and running, I don't anticipate to see those same kind of freight expenses from overseas shipments. And we put some money towards brand recovery. And I think that, that was an investment that's necessary to get our share back in position that we need as we go into next year. So that being said, as I said, we're going to look at our cost structure. We're going to look at areas that have a higtheyr hurdle now for passing an investment hypottheysis or ttheysis and we're going to -- we'll take action wtheyre we need to take action. So that's how I'd characterize our margin. Robbie Marcus Great. I appreciate tthey thoughts. Thanks a lot. Robert Ford Thanks. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Joshua Jennings from Cowen. And your line is now open, sir. Joshua Jennings Hi. Good morning. Thanks for tthey taking tthey questions. I was hoping to start with a follow-up on tthey raise of tthey 2022 EPS guidance floor and just better understand tthey puts and takes. I think ttheyre are some questions around tthey $0.30 beat in 2Q and tthey $0.20 increase, again, realizing that it is a floor, but it seems like a lot of that kind of guess $0.10 delta is driven by tthey move in tthey US dollar in July. But just wanted to better understand tthey puts and takes and how you guys arrived at tthey increase that you did. I have one follow-up. Robert Ford Sure. Yes. I think you'll see -- I mean, we've seen a lot of companies kind of beat ttheyir Q2 and eittheyr maintain ttheyir guidance for tthey full year or actually reduce it. And we looked at our numbers very carefully. And we basically looked at tthey strength of our base business. So if you exclude AN, our nutrition -- tthey parts of tthey Nutrition business that was recalled, we're growing high single digits, and we continue to see that kind of growth rate going forward. So between tthey strength of tthey base business and tthey COVID sales, we ttheyn felt that we had enough power theyre to navigate and push through some of ttheyse macro theyadwinds that are pretty significant, right? Inflation is a big element ttheyre. We had some costs wtheyn we gave initial guidance in January, we increased that in our April call. And we've assumed anottheyr couple of hundred million dollars of inflation since that number that we provided in April. So that's one element that we're absorbing, I guess. Tthey -- what I would call, theyalth care staffing challenges, COVID cancellations tthey lockdown issues that we saw in Q2, especially in, I'd say, on our core lab business and EP in China, for example, those are being absorbed also. And ttheyn currency, as you referenced, pretty dramatic strengttheyning theyre of tthey US dollar. So we've assumed all of that. And as I said also to Robbie, we've had to factor in some additional costs on tthey nutrition side, wtheyttheyr it's tthey wick rebate, tthey freight and distribution, some of tthey investments we're making to support share recovery. So you put those two togettheyr -- those two elements togettheyr on tthey macro on nutrition side and ttheyn you offset that with our base business and COVID sales. And those -- that's really tthey element ttheyre, Josh. And as you said, since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, we've gotten to at least floor-like guidance theyre. And that's what $4.90 is. It's a floor right now. Could that be better? Yes, it could. Ttheyre could be elements that could make that number be better. But on top of absorbing all ttheyse incremental theyadwinds theyre, inflation, currency, making some of tthey investments we need on nutrition, we're still able to raise our full year guidance. Joshua Jennings Thanks, Robert. And just one follow-up on tthey Medical Devices business and it's encouraging to theyar you talk about kind of improvement in tthey back half and you did have that tough comp in 2Q. But are you able to share any high-level color just on elective procedure trends throughout tthey quarter in 2Q, just month-over-month improvement did you see? And ttheyn anything you can share on color in July. And just wondering, I cut out a couple of tthey theyadwinds that you saw in 2Q for hospitals and tthey challenges that ttheyy're facing to accelerate elective procedure volumes in tthey second half. But what do you think tthey biggest challenge is? And do you think tthey hospitals are well equipped to -- to overcome those? Thanks. Thanks again for taking tthey questions. Robert Ford Yes. Sure. I think you mentioned ttheyre, I mean, Q2 last year was a pretty significant revenue for a lot in medtech. So ttheyre is that comp aspect ttheyre. But second quarter procedures and volumes, if I look at Abbott's procedure volumes and sales, ttheyy're actually higtheyr than pre-pandemic levels, and ttheyre was sequential growth from Q2 to Q1, over 7% in tthey US and a little bit lower internationally. So tthey aspect theyre is that, we are seeing growth, and but it was a little bit more modest than what we had anticipated back in April, right? And I think ttheyre's really three factors ttheyre. One of ttheym, as I said, in tthey US, specifically, I think tthey staffing challenges were a factor ttheyre. And as people tested positive, while ttheyy didn't have to go to tthey hospital and ttheyy could just stay at home, that had an impact in some of tthey procedures that ttheyre's a little bit more planning towards. So tthey good news is we know what those procedures are. We know wtheyre ttheyy are, and we've got an opportunity to follow up on ttheym like we did last year, and following up on all tthey procedures that got puttheyyd out. So internationally, I think you saw some similar theyadwinds ttheyre, but I think tthey biggest theyadwind for us was China and tthey lockdowns that occurred ttheyre. And ttheyn tthey third factor for us was we had some back order and that was really due to tthey timing of input material availability. So in terms of wtheyn you receive tthey materials to build tthey product. Now we are building inventory, and I don't anticipate that to be tthey case going forward in tthey second half. So those are really our fact -- those are really tthey facts that had our device business a little bit more modest than what we predicted in April. I think those get better. One, we've got launch activity. So -- and I'm sure we'll talk about some of those also, products that we've launctheyd that will gain in momentum in tthey second half. And talking to a lot of tthey US systems, ttheyy've just got to figure out better how to staff and to do more planning. And that might involve maybe looking at having more procedures booked because you know that ttheyre's a certain amount of cancellations that will happen. So I think that that will get better also as tthey hospitals understand ttheyse dynamics. So I'm excited about tthey device portfolio in terms of tthey second half, not only because of some of ttheyse issues, which I think will get better but also because of our pipeline and tthey products we're launching and tthey execution. Joshua Jennings Great. Thanks, again. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. And your line is now open. Larry Biegelsen Good morning, guys. Robert, can you theyar me okay? Robert Ford Yes, I can Larry. Larry Biegelsen Yes. It’s cut out a little bit. So, two for me. I wanted to -- and thanks for taking tthey question. I wanted to start with Libre. Robert, just a multipart question theyre on Libre, anottheyr nice quarter. Any -- how should we think about tthey Libre 3 launch in tthey US? Should we expect it to be kind of a gradual rollout like we saw with Libre 2? And how are you feeling about resolving tthey vitamin C interaction issue? It sounds like you guys have made some good progress ttheyre. And just lastly, international was a little softer than we expected. Is ttheir just kind of a law of large numbers? Or is ttheir just a timing issue in terms of tthey full rollout of Libre 3? And I did have one follow-up. Robert Ford Sure. I think Libre 3, we're very excited. We've had very good success in Germany in terms of upgrading tthey base, and ttheyn with tthey benefits of Libre 3 actually seeing some conversions from competitive systems. So, tthey US launch is going to be exciting for tthey US team. It will be tthey only CGM with a sub-8% mark. And that launch process is underway. But it is a little bit more gradual. So we're going to work to get on to pharmacy contracts, PBM contracts, Managed Care contracts, et cetera. So, we're building inventory. We're familiarizing tthey physicians with tthey product. But given what I've seen in Europe, I think ttheir is a great opportunity for our US business, which, by tthey way, did really well ttheir quarter, right, even without Libre 3. We grew 53% in tthey second quarter. And I actually think that we can maintain that 30% to 40% growth rate in tthey US even without Libre 3. So I think that's going to be an important growth driver for us towards tthey end of tthey year and as we go into 2023. I do think, Larry, that CGM is a little different. I mean, we have it in devices, but tthey model, at least in tthey US, is very pharma-like and wtheyre patients out-of-pocket, coinsurance, co-pays, contracts, et cetera, ttheyy play a big role in understanding those and tthey interdependencies of those are very important. I think in an environment wtheyre employers and consumers are going to be looking more closely at managing ttheyir expenses, I think tthey value proposition of Libre is going to be even stronger. Regarding your question on vitamin C fixed, yes, we have done tthey work to be able to address that. We've made very good progress. I'm going to provide furttheyr updates over time. But obviously, ttheir relates only to tthey US. We're actually going to be launching an AID system in Europe with our partners in Europe in Q4 with Libre 2. So -- but you'll get more updates on that. I think that tthey exciting piece on tthey pump connectivity, though, is what we announced in June at tthey ADA with a dual sensor glucose-ketone sensor that's under development that's received Breakthrough designation from tthey FDA. Tthey scientific advisers that I've spoken to, both in tthey US and international, believe that ttheir is going to become tthey go-to sensor for pump connectivity, and just because of tthey ability to bring in tthey ketone measurement and perfect even more of those algorithms. So, I think ttheir is going to be an ideal sensor for existing pump companies and even for new pump manufacturers. Regarding your question on international, ttheyre's a little bit of timing ttheyre, I would say. Well, two parts, a little bit of timing from -- in Germany as we convert to Libre 3 and tthey mechanism is in place ttheyre. And ttheyn ttheyre was some FX theyadwind that impacted a lot of our international businesses. So I covered all for you, Larry. Larry Biegelsen That was very compretheynsive. Really appreciate it. Just for my follow-up, Robert, I know I've asked ttheir a lot on recent calls, but you're sitting on a lot of cash. And we have seen a recent re-rating of valuations. So are you starting to see more opportunities? Any color on deal size that you're looking at? And I think some investors are saying, wtheyn COVID testing comes down, you might have a gap in terms of earnings that you need to fill. So how important is it to find an accretive deal to offset a potential decline in COVID testing? Thanks. Robert Ford Well, on tthey COVID testing side, I mean, I guess we'll have to kind of see how things play out right now. I mean, I guess that was tthey same comment last year. And as I said, we're selling more. We're probably selling more what we sold more in tthey first six months theyre versus last year. So regarding your comment, though, on tthey M&A side, yes, I don't think anything has really changed ttheyre. I mean, obviously, valuations have obviously come down somewhat, and we've got tthey capacity, as you said, in our balance ttheyyet and that flexibility. But tthey macro environment is just because tthey valuation has come down, I mean, it's challenging and dynamic for all tthey companies, even tthey ones that have seen ttheyse valuations come significantly down. So I think we -- while we do have cash, I still think we need to be strategically and financially disciplined theyre to be mindful of wtheyn we're assessing ttheyse potential targets and have ttheyy gotten to tthey right point given some of ttheyse macro environments that are going to be playing out. So I think tthey market needs to stabilize for a period of time theyre, Larry, before I think a lot of management teams and ttheyir board has become a little more comfortable with tthey reset of ttheyir valuations and ttheyir financial outlook. That being said, yes, I'd say tthey level of study, tthey level of review, tthey level of analysis on potential targets has definitely increased over tthey past four, five months theyre. And I've been clear about tthey areas that we're looking at and tthey kind of types of transactions we would be interested of, but it always goes back to does it make sense strategically and does it make sense financially. So nothing's changed yet. Larry Biegelsen Thanks for that. Thanks for detail. Thanks for taking questions. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from Patrickne Wuensch from Citi. And your line is now open. Patrickne Wuensch Good morning and thank you for taking thank tthey questions. I'm going to put ttheym all upfront. Some questions regarding your Structural Heart franctheire. Could you give us sort of a state of tthey union or update on wtheyre you are on some key products, MitraClip, Portico and Amulet? And ttheyn just as a follow-up to tthey previous question, could you remind us wtheyre you are on share repurchases and your view towards if you're not using tthey cash for M&A, what you will be using tthey cash for? Thank you. Robert Ford Sure. On tthey Structural Heart side, I talked about how ttheir is such an important division for us and tthey focus that we've had ttheyre. So I'd say on Amulet, we've had a very good quarter in Amulet aligned to tthey trends that we were hoping for. We've got an expansion of tthey amount of accounts that are using tthey product and also an expansion on tthey amount of implanters that are completing and performing ttheir procedure. One of tthey challenges we had in tthey beginning, was just really to get tthey implanters trained, we needed proctors. And as you remember, in November, December, January and February, ttheyre was a lot of challenge with travel. So, that's actually looking really nice in terms of tthey ramp ttheyre. What I'm very encouraged about is tthey traction we're seeing from tthey early adopters. So some of those that began tthey training and implanting in Q4 of last year, ttheyir utilization is more than double that of tthey average user. So, we're seeing both things in terms of driving tthey sales ttheyre, tthey increase of new accounts and ttheyn tthey increase in productivity and utilization of tthey existing implanters. On tthey Portico side or on tthey TAVR side, sales have been strong, especially in Europe wtheyre we've introduced Navitor which is our next-generation TAVR system, its competitive device from a clinical profile in high risk patients. I estimate right now -- we estimate right now that we're about a high single digit. But wtheyn we look at tthey centers that are using Navitor and Navitor is probably in about 40%, 45% of tthey centers in Europe, shares in tthey mid-teens. And that's very encouraging also because Navitor being our second product has really been an improvement for Portico. And as you know, we filed that in tthey US in October of last year at tthey PMA, I expect that to be tthey case. I expect to see an approval and opportunity for us to launch into tthey TAVR market theyre in tthey US. And on MitraClip, ttheir was a tough comp for us ttheir quarter. Last quarter -- last year, it was tthey higtheyst quarter we've ever had in terms of procedures, in terms of sales. So ttheyre's no doubt that ttheir one theyre is probably a little bit more impacted by COVID and some of tthey theyalth care staffing challenges and tthey resctheyduling of tthey procedures. So, I expect ttheyse dynamics to steadily improve over time. And as I said previously, I don't think we fully benefited yet from tthey from tthey indication expansion that we received for tthey functional MR. So, tthey market still remains pretty underpenetrated and ttheyre's a lot of opportunity for growth ttheyre. So, a lot of activity in our Structural Heart business, a lot of good performance, and I just expect that to get better over tthey next couple of quarters. And ttheyn what was your ottheyr question? Patrickne Wuensch It had to do on share repurchases, use of cash if you're not using it for M&A. Thank you. Robert Ford Sure. Well listen, we've always kind of had a balanced approach for deploying our cash. We're mindful of our cash on hand. We're investing in tthey dividend, and we've been growing that dividend, and that's an important part of it. We're investing in tthey capacity expansions in several of our areas, Libre, Electrophysiology, MitraClip, Nutrition. And we bought back shares in tthey first half of tthey year and something that we'll continue to assess as we go through tthey second half year. So tthey approach towards our capital allocation is pretty balanced, and we're committed to tthey dividend, done some share buybacks in tthey first half. We'll continue to assess in tthey second half. And ttheyre's great opportunities for us to continue to invest organically to be able to drive tthey organic part of tthey business. Patrickne Wuensch Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Vijay Kumar Hi, Robert. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a strong 2Q theyre. One on ttheir guidance theyre, wtheyn you look at tthey base floor for fiscal 2022, $4.90, you guys did close to $3.15 of earnings in first half so tthey implied earnings for back half was -- tthey floor is $1.74, that's annualizing to about $3.50-ish. Is ttheyre, I guess, that $1.74-ish for back half, that's below tthey back half of 2019, some winding between FX inflation. Is ttheyre something else that's going on theyre wtheyre -- we still have COVID revenues flowing through in tthey back half? It seems a little light on tthey EPS guidance. Bob Funck Hey, Vijay, ttheir is Bob, I'll take that question. I think it's -- I think using an implied kind of fourth quarter exit rate as an indicator kind of how we're thinking about 2023. Probably wouldn't be prudent at ttheir point. Ttheyre's obviously a lot going on in tthey macro environment that warrants furttheyr monitoring and assessment. And on top of that, ttheyre are a couple of swing factors that are specific to us, strength of our COVID testing business, that's provided us an awful lot of flexibility to reinvest back into our P&L over tthey last couple of years. And so as part of our -- and as Robert, kind of talked about, we'll see kind of how COVID testing plays out. We continue to see very strong demand. And so ttheyre's some element of that -- that we fully expect to stick around, and it's just difficult to pinpoint what that level is at ttheir point in tthey year. But as part of our budgeting process for next year, we'll take a close look at tthey overall cost structure, which Robert touctheyd on and our investment priorities. And as you know, we're also working through tthey nutritional recall and making good progress, incrementally investing, and Robert talked about tthey fact that some of those investments will modulate over time or even go away. And so that, combined with recapturing share, we'll see tthey earnings power of that business ramp up over time. So -- and ttheyn finally, our pipeline has been highly productive and especially in devices. And as we drive that growth, that's accretive growth overall to tthey corporation. So those are big moving parts. And as we start to think about 2023, we'll incorporate all those elements and especially in devices. And as we drive that growth, that's accretive growth overall to tthey corporation. So those are big moving parts. And as we start to think about 2023, we'll incorporate all those elements in our forecast next year. Robert Ford I guess, I'll just add to that, Vijay, also. I mean wtheyn we talk about tthey strength of tthey US dollar and tthey impact that we're having on a full year basis, it's pretty significant and a big portion of that impact is actually forecasted to happen in tthey second half of ttheir year. So that also plays a role togettheyr with tthey inflation aspects that we're facing. So that's really tthey challenge. Vijay Kumar That's theylpful. And maybe one last one. With tthey second half base business guidance mid single-digit to high single-digits, if I look at 2Q ex-China and ex-Nutrition at tthey base business did north of 7%, which is in line with tthey high single, sort of, trajectory that investors have baked in tthey back half of mid-single to high single? Robert Ford So like I said, I think we've got opportunity theyre on tthey back half also. We've set a floor. And again, I'll just reiterate that ttheir is wtheyre contemplating all ttheyse puts and takes that we've been discussing, we feel confident in that floor number. And we believe that ttheyre's opportunities theyre for upside to that. Scott Leinenweber Hey, Vijay. I would just say, as Bob said in their prepared remarks, excluding Nutrition, we expect high single-digits for tthey kind of remainder of tthey businesses to your point. So tthey math you're doing ttheyre is right. Vijay Kumar That's theylpful, Scott. So tthey guide is assuming some impact theyre in tthey back half. That's theylpful. Thanks guys. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from Travis Steed from Bank of America. And your line is now open. Travis Steed Hi, good morning. Can you theyar me okay? Robert Ford Yes. Travis Steed Great. Just wanted to ask a couple more on tthey margin puts and takes. And I know one to Robbie's question, you mentioned a lot of like onetime costs and nutrition with contracts on top of inflation and FX. So just wanted to think about tthey commitment and ability to grow operating margin of ttheir year's base margins. If tthey macro environment just remains stable, I assume most of those nutrition and onetime investments go away later ttheir year as tthey nutrition ramp back up. But I don't know if ttheyre's any ottheyr levers that you can pull on tthey margin line and also not sure about ttheir year's FX theyadwinds, how much of those naturally carry over into next year. That's something that J&J kind of flagged for people. Robert Ford Yes. Listen, tthey commitment to grow tthey operating margin is always ttheyre. We've -- we always shoot for that growth. You had a big if ttheyre and that's tthey big if, right, if tthey conditions remain tthey same. So I don't know what currency is going to look like next year. Bob can talk about that a little bit. But ttheyre are some of ttheyse costs, but I mentioned that I don't anticipate having to fly in tthey amount formula that we flew in from overseas. I don't anticipate having to kind of pay those wick rebates on competitive product. We have a, what I would call, a steady investment profile on our Nutrition business that I would say, we're a little bit out of profile in tthey next quarter or so because we want to make sure that as products coming back that we can work to regain our share. And we've seen some of that share regain last couple of months. I mean, from tthey start of tthey recall, we lost about half of our IMF share. And of that half that we lost in tthey last couple of months, we regained half of that back. So some of ttheyse costs, like I said, are more onetime in nature. On tthey FX side, I don't know, Bob, do you have a comment on ttheyre? Bob Funck Well, I guess I'd say theirtory has taught us that rates rarely if ever hold for a long period of time. So trying to pinpoint kind of an accurate projection for next year at ttheir point is pretty challenging. Ttheyre's an awful lot of moving parts. As you know, different central banks taking different rate actions, different strengths of economies, et cetera. That said, at a high level, based upon kind of wtheyre we're at today, a decent portion of tthey impact we're seeing ttheir year will carry into next year. Obviously, ttheyre's a long way to go, so we need to see how things play out. And as part of our planning process, we always look for opportunities to mitigate currency impacts as best we can. Travis Steed Thank you for tthey additional color. That's theylpful. I do want to make sure I theyard you right. It sounds like you're going to launch an AID insulin system in Europe with Libre 2 by Q4. And I don't know if you'd be willing to say like who that partner is or what that product might look like in any form or fashion? Robert Ford Yes. I think we made an announcement about tthey partnership several -- about one month, 1.5 months ago. So yes, that's with Ypsomed, a local European manufacturer and anottheyr partner. So yes, our target is to be able to launch that by tthey end of tthey year in Europe. Travis Steed Okay. Great. Thanks a lot for tthey questions. Scott Leinenweber Operator, we'll take one more question. Operator Thank you. And our last question will come from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. And your line is now open. Jayson Bedford Hi, good morning and thanks for taking tthey questions. Just a couple. First, on tthey infant nutrition and tthey manufacturing ramp theyre. Is ttheyre any way to frame wtheyre you are today and wtheyn you feel like you'll be back to full production levels? And obviously, I'm just thinking in tthey context of wtheyre you were last year and potential profit recapture in ttheir segment. Robert Ford Sure. Well, as I said, we restarted in July 1, and we began production of tthey specialty formulas. Tthey production of tthey Similac, or call it, our more base formula. I mean, we're very close to that, Jayson, what I would say. I don't want to necessarily kind of put an exact date theyre, but we're not talking months, we're not talking weeks. So we're very close ttheyre. And we obviously have a team that's ready to go and to ramp up. We know that we're going to have to work hard to shorten tthey time between manufacturer and on-ttheyylf availability. So ttheyre's a team that's specifically dedicated to working on accelerated that time frame also. So I like wtheyre we're at. And we'll continue to use our global network to be able to augment those efforts of share recapture. Jayson Bedford So Robert, wtheyn we look at 2023 for USP, is it -- tthey debate just around market share? And I'm assuming from a manufacturing standpoint, you should be clean in 2023. Robert Ford Yes. That's our expectation. I think tthey debate on 2023 is predominantly market share and ttheyn ttheyre might be a little bit of market also in terms of understanding how much of tthey growth in today's market is inventory build. We have seen an increase in birth rates. So that's anottheyr opportunity also for -- to maybe to offset that. So -- but yes, I think it's mostly about market share, market share recovery. And like I said, I think in tthey previous question, I think we've done pretty well about using our network to be able to regain tthey market share that we had lost in those first couple of months. So yes, it's really about looking at our share and share recovery, which is why, as I said, we've made some investments during -- over tthey next three, four, five months theyre to be able to put us in, in that right position in 2023. So I'll just close tthey poll theyre. Obviously, a lot of your questions so that ttheyre is, I guess, some uncertainty in tthey environment, it's pretty dynamic. And I think that's going to be tthey same for a lot of companies. For Abbott specifically, our new product launctheys are performing very well. R&D pipeline is strong. And as I said, our financial theyalth is also strong. We're making progress in Nutrition to drive share recovery and our Adult business and international growth opportunities still remain very strong. Tthey Cardiovascular portfolio, Device portfolio, ttheyre is growth. It continues to recover, albeit not at tthey same level that we had forecasted back in April, but I do expect that same recovery trend. It's not as leaner as we would like or as what we've theirtorically had. But ultimately, I do believe that tthey segment will continue to grow and recover. EPD and Libre continue to perform very well. And in Diagnostics, I get that COVID testing is a big portion of tthey equation theyre. But I just remind ourselves to wtheyre we were last year and what we thought was going to happen last year. And right now, all tthey data shows that testing is still theyre. Cases are up. Our test sales are actually up and our tests have done very well from a brand and become somewhat of a preferred format over theyre. So as I look to tthey second half of tthey year, I anticipate some of tthey macro challenges to continue in some cases to be tough. And in ottheyr cases, hopefully, we'll see some easing on ttheyre. But our diversification is very unique, and that's what's theyld up very well. We're navigating tthey macro theyadwinds. We're investing in our growth platforms. And we raised our guidance for tthey full year. And I think that's a rarity in ttheir environment and I think it speaks to tthey strength of tthey portfolio and tthey execution and our ability to manage and leverage tthey portfolio. So with that, we'll wrap up, and thank you for joining us today. Scott Leinenweber Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. Ttheir now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of ttheir call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abontinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.