Arbutus Biopharma Corp (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call August 2, 2018 4:30 PM ET Executives Pam Murphy - IR Mark Murray - CEO Michael Sofia - CSO William Symonds - Chief Development Officer David Hastings - CFO Koert VandenEnden - Chief Accounting Officer Analysts Liisa Bayko - JMP Securities Jeffrey Xu - William Blair Keay Nakae - Chardan Madhu Kumar - B. Riley FBR Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arbutus Biopharma Second Quarter 2018 Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder ttheir conference call is being recorded. I'll now turn tthey call over to Pam Murphy, who has recently joined tthey Arbutus team as ttheyir IR Consultant. You may begin. Pam Murphy Thank you, operator. And good afternoon everyone and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dr. Mark Murray, Arbutus' CEO; Dr. Mike Sofia, Arbutus' Chief Scientific Officer; Dr. Bill Symonds, Arbutus' Chief Development Officer; Dave. Hastings, Arbutus' Chief Financial Officer; and, Koert VandenEnden, Arbutus' Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today, are forward-looking statements including statements regarding developing accure for chronic HBV, tthey clinical development plan and potential for AB-506 and AB-452, Genevant development of delivery technologies and tthey potential of a development partnership, our clinical plan for ARB-1467 along with potential efficacy and timing of reported results, our expected cash runway, timing of regulatory filings and approval and expected revenues from our current and potential licensing agreements. All of ttheyse statements involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control and can cause our actual results to differ materially. A description of ttheyse risks can be found in our latest disclosure documents and current press releases. In addition, Arbutus does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during ttheir call. I'd now like to pass tthey call to Mark for their introductory remarks. Mark Murray Thanks, Pam. And thank you to everyone for joining us on tthey call today. Our mission is to develop a cure for chronic theypatitis B using a combination of orally active ttheyrapeutic agents, which is effective in tthey defined treatment duration. To that end, we have developed a pipeline of proprietary ttheyrapeutic agents that target multiple agents of tthey HPV lifecycle, tthey most important of which are HPV data replication and HPV surface antigen expression. Last month, we initiated our Phase 1A/1B clinical trial of AB-506 our second generation capsid inhibitor agent. We will shortly file our regulatory submission to start tthey Phase 1A/1B clinical study of our RNA destabilizer agent AB-452. We expect patient monottheyrapy results from both of ttheyse studies by mid-2019 and we expect to combine ttheyse in tthey first ever oral combination study by tthey end of 2019. In addition during tthey first half of tthey year we completed a number of strategic initiatives to keep our team, our business activities and our capital resources more closely focused on HPV. We have successfully completed a site consolidation that concentrates our business activities in a single location in Warminster, Pennsylvania. We have successfully launctheyd Genevant Sciences togettheyr with Roivant. Genevant is wholly focused on utilizing Arbutus's proprietary LNP and ligand conjugate delivery technologies to develop RNA-based ttheyrapies and we've retained a substantial equity interest in Genevant as well as tthey potential for future royalties on commercialized products. We're encouraged by Genevant's recently announced partnership with BioNTech for tthey co-development of five mRNA products which we see as being potentially a transformative partnership in tthey field combining an industry leading mRNA portfolio with tthey industry leading delivery technologies of Genevant. Importantly we enter tthey second half of ttheir year with a cash runway extending past 2019 and tthey potential for additional non-dilutive capital from our royalty entitlement on Alnylam's Patisiran drug for tthey treatment of theyreditary ATTR amyloidosis which could be approved by tthey FDA later ttheir month. Additionally, and as many of you know, Dave Hastings recently joined tthey Arbutus team as our Chief Financial Officer. Dave brings extensive financial, operational and strategic experience in tthey biotech industry and will be a great asset as we furttheyr advance toward our goal of delivering a care for chronic HPV and building significant and sustainable shareholders' value. I will now turn tthey call over to Mike Sofia to describe our capsid inhibitor and our HBV RNA destabilizer. Mike? Michael Sofia Thanks Mark. Our product pipeline is developed in support of our mission to cure chronic HBV by employing a combination of ttheyrapeutic agents. AB-506, our clinical stage second generation capsid inhibitor is a highly potent molecule which binds to tthey core protein and inhibits HBV DNA replication as well as bio-uncoding which in turn inhibits new cccDNA formation. AB-506 is pan-genotypic plus acting against all biogenotypes and is active against [indiscernible]. We have shown that AB-506 can be combined with current standard of care agents and with ottheyr proprietary novel mechanism of action agents to deliver an additive or synergistic effects in-vivo and in-vitro thus supporting our combination ttheyrapy HPV Cure strategy. In animal studies wtheyn given orally, AB-506 demonstrated multi-molecule reductions in HB DNA levels in tthey serum as well as in liver wtheyre it was superior to nucleosides. We have also demonstrated a favorable safety profile both in-vitro and in vivo that has allowed progression into human clinical studies. Ttheir molecule is orally available and we expect it to be dosed once a day. Our preclinical characterization of AB-506 indicate that its features could put it among tthey best-in-class. We have also developed a novel and potent HBV RNA destabilizer, which results in a reduction of s-antigen level in addition to reducing levels of pre-genomic RNA, anottheyr Biogen product. Ttheir module is pan-genotypic and active against nuc resistant variants. It acts selectively against HBV. It is not active against a large number of ottheyr viruses, that includes both DNA and RNA viruses. Indeed our models of HBV infection, AB-452 showed a dose-dependent reduction in serum S antigen level and a reduction of RNA levels in tthey liver. Ttheir molecule is orally available and we expect once daily dosing. We believe we are tthey first company to advance such a molecule into development and we look forward to demonstrating its activity in patients. We have also studied AB-506 and AB-452 in combination with nucleotide analogs, Entecavir and tenofovir and ottheyr siRNA agents in preclinical models. Wtheyn AB-506 and AB-452 were combined, ttheyy demonstrated a distinct and complementary antiviral activity. Tthey combination of AB-506 and 452 range from additive to moderately synergistic of reducing HBV DNA and we believe ttheir complementarity will translate to patients in tthey clinic. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Bill, to discuss our ARB-1467 combination study. William Symonds Thanks Mike. We have initiated a Phase 2b triple combination study with ARB-1467 tenofovir and pegylated interferon . Reducing theypatitis B surface antigen is believed to be a key prerequisite to allow a patient's immune system to respond with an adequate immune response against tthey virus and infected cell. In order to evaluate tthey role of tthey immune system in patients with reduced theypatitis B surface antigen levels, patients in ttheir study who meet predetermined response criteria after initially ARB-1467 treatment will qualify for tthey addition of weekly pegylated interferon treatment. Patients who do not reach tthey predefined response criteria by week six will discontinue all medication. Tthey study will conclude with a 24 week post treatment follow-up period, to evaluate off treatment response. Partial or interim six week treatment results from ttheir study are expected in tthey second half of 2018, followed by complete results in 2019. We expect tthey six week treatment data to review how many patients are on a trajectory to reach theypatitis B surface antigen loss by week 30. Tthey pegylated interferon treatment of ttheyse patients is expected to contribute to theypatitis B surface antigen loss and durability. Results from ttheir study will theylp inform tthey design of future combination studies, with a small molecule agent, Mike described earlier. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Dave. David Hastings Great, awesome. Thanks, Bill and good afternoon everybody. It's great to be part of tthey Arbutus team. So before turning tthey call over to Koert to review tthey financial results for tthey quarter, I just want to say how confident I am that Arbutus has tthey resources and assets to succeed and complete its mission of curing HBV. Arbutus is well capitalized, has great science and leadership and has a development pipeline that's differentiated, proprietary and industry leading. And I look forward to working with everyone in tthey investment community as we move forward. So with best Koert, I'll turn it over to you. Koert VandenEnden Thanks Dave. We're very excited to have you on board. I'll now review tthey financial highlights for tthey second quarter of 2018. During ttheir quarter we completed tthey spin outs of our LNP and conjugate delivery technologies to Genevant, a newly informed company that is owned jointly by Arbutus togettheyr with Roivant. We also substantially completed tthey site consolidation that we announced in Q1, which resulted in a closure of our Burnaby facility and reduction of our workforce by approximately 35%. Tthey financial implications of ttheyse initiatives impacted our Q2 financial results as I'll explain. Starting with our income statement, Arbutus' net income attributable to common shareholders for Q2, 2018, was $0.6 million or $0.01 per common share, as compared to a loss of $18.3 million or $0.33 per common share in Q2 of 2017. Tthey reduction in that loss was primarily due to tthey gain on investment in Genevant offsets by new expenses related to our site consolidation. In Q2, 2018, we recorded revenues of $1.2 million compared to revenues of $1 million in tthey second quarter of 2017. Revenues earned were related to tthey license and service arrangement with Gritstone, as well as royalty revenues from Archibus [ph]. On tthey expense side, total research developments collaboration and contract expenses of $16.4 million compared to $15.4 million in tthey second quarter of 2017. Tthey change is due to a decrease of stock-based compensation expense of $3 million which is more than offset by an increase of $4 million in R&D spending. Our increased R&D spend reflects continued advancements of our clinical developments and preclinical pipeline towards our objective of an oral combination ttheyrapy as described earlier. G&A expense of $3.8 million was reduced from $4.6 million in Q2 of 2017, as a result of reduced stock based compensation costs, offset by increased professional fees related to our site consolidation and formation of Genevant. In Q2 of 2018, we recommended expense of $2.6 million related to our site consolidation plans, primarily consisting of severance benefits paid to tthey parting employees as well as accrued costs related to closure of our Burnaby facility which was offset by service income that was under contract by tthey end of Q2. Consistent with our earlier guidance, we expect to incur total cash expenditures of approximately $5 million consisting of employee severance, employee relocation and facility related costs. We expected tthey full financial benefits of tthey site consolidation will be reflected in our 2019 results. Ottheyr income increased from $1.2 million in Q2 of 2017 to $25.1 billion in Q2 of 2018. Most significantly, we recorded a gain of $24.9 million on our investment in Genevant. Ttheir gain resulted from tthey fair value of tthey common equity in Genevant that Arbutus received in exchange for tthey license of our LNP and ligand conjugate delivery technologies to Genevant. At June 30, 2017, we had an aggregate cash and investment balance of $155 million, which compared to $173 million at March 31, and $139 million at December 31st. Our cash used in operating activities during Q2 of 2018 was $17.6 million compared to $5.1 million in tthey comparative quarter in Q2 of 2017. Q2, 2017 operating cash burn was unusually low as it included cash provided from changes in working capital, totaling $8.5 million, which included an upfront payment of $7.5 million from our collaboration with Alexion at tthey time. We still expect our total cash burn to be approximately $70 million for 2018 consisting of $65 million for ongoing operations and $5 million for one-time costs related to closure of tthey Burnaby facility. I'd now like to turn tthey call back to Mark. Mark Murray Thanks, Koert. Operator I'd like to now open tthey call for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Your line is open. Liisa Bayko Hi, great. Thanks for taking my question. Can you walk us through kind of tthey next steps you have from theyre to looking at, like an all oral combination and I'm curious about what you're thinking specifically for tthey immune component of that as well? Thank you. Mark Murray Liisa. Ttheir is Mark. Hi. I'll give you tthey high level answer and ttheyn if Bill or Mike would like to add I'll have ttheym do that. So I think we've indicated that tthey capsid inhibitor AB-506, that's has already started tthey Phase 1a, 1b study and shortly, we will be initiating tthey Phase 1a/1b of 452. So our guidance is that we will be through tthey patient monottheyrapy portion of those by respectively Q2 and Q3 of next year. And ttheyn we will be in a position to initiate a combination of those two, including a nuc by tthey end of tthey year, okay.. And so ttheir initial study will not employ an added immune component. We will be looking to see, if we can drive down HBV DNA and s-antigen and in some patients that may restore ttheyir immune component. Bill do you have anything to add to that? William Symonds No, Mark, I think you summarized it nicely and I would just refer you, Liisa to Slide 10 of tthey corporate deck that's on tthey website. That has a nice sctheymatic over time of how ttheyse programs will come togettheyr into that all-oral combination study. Liisa Bayko Great, thank you. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just a follow-up, how you think wtheyn you think about tthey all-oral. How do you think about addressing that immune component specifically? Thanks and I'll - that's my last question. Mark Murray Bill, you want to continue? William Symonds Sure. Yes. So I think Liisa part of addressing tthey immune component ttheyre comes from reducing surface antigen. So with tthey RNA, destabilizer, as Mike mentioned earlier, we expect that drug to have an effect upon surface antigen levels. And by reducing that, that alone could be enough to theylp stimulate tthey immune system without anything to boost it. So that's going to be our first line of attack, in terms of tthey all-oral combination, and ttheyn we'll see what we what we get in that study. And if we need something more if we do, Mike and their team are working on a number of ottheyr programs back in tthey discovery phase II to address tthey immune component as well. Liisa Bayko Great, thanks. Really excited about your program. Thank you. Operator Our next question is from Jeffrey Xu with William Blair. Your line is open Jeffrey Xu Hi, good afternoon. I'm just wondering wtheyttheyr you could walk us through tthey design of tthey Phase I study for both 506 and 452. And what you're looking for each mechanism and all, what kind of, let's say expectations, benchmarks have you set for ttheyse molecules to achieve. And also tthey resistance profile of 506 would love to see wtheyttheyr ttheir one is different or similar to ottheyrs if you can. And also can we expect tthey 1467 data at ASOB? Thank you. Mark Murray Jeffrey, ttheir is Mark. So ttheyre's several questions ttheyre. Maybe Bill we will start with you on tthey comment on tthey design of tthey first 506 and 452 trial, and ttheyn maybe Mike can address tthey 506 resistance? William Symonds Sure. Yes. So hi, Jeffrey. So again, I'll refer you to tthey slides on our website, slide 24 actually has a sctheymatic of tthey design, which I think Mark showed at tthey conference, they spoke at in New York a couple of weeks ago. Basically we're employing a very similar study design for both of ttheyse drugs 506 and 452. We call it a pharmacist style adaptive design. It's basically multiple trials all coalesced into one single protocol spanning from single ascending doses in theyalthy volunteers going into multiple doses in theyalthy volunteers, which ttheyn sets us up to go into patient cohorts and patients with chronic theypatitis B with 28 days dosing cohorts at multiple dose levels and a dose escalation type fashion. Also including e-antigen negative, and e-antigen positive patients wtheyre possible, and ttheyn that's tthey general construct of those single umbrella protocols for each of tthey trials. And ttheyn each of ttheym too, wtheyn you get into tthey patients, we're going to be looking at different vital markers and endpoints based upon tthey mechanisms of tthey drugs. Of course, with capsid we will be looking at DNA reductions, those sorts of things. With 452 we have ottheyr markers available to us, such as so s-antigen, e-antigen DNA as well. So we will be able to look at different markers depending on tthey mechanism of tthey drug ttheyre. And of course, tthey goal is for both of ttheyse programs to finish roughly around tthey same time. Ttheyy're staggered a little bit, but ttheyn to enable us ttheyn to have 28-day data in patients with both drugs to ttheyn allow us to go into that combination part of tthey development program we spoke about with tthey last question. I'll hand it over to Mike on tthey resistance. Michael Sofia Sure, thanks. Well Jeffrey so, I think if you look at AB-506, it is a capsid similar inhibitor that binds to tthey sort of core protein Dimer:Dimer Interface, just like every ottheyr capsid assembly inhibitor does. So from that standpoint ttheyy all have a very similar mechanism of action, although ttheir one, just like a number of ottheyr capsid assembly inhibitors produce no anti-capsid. So RNA is not encapsulated within that capsid structure. What I can say tthey core resistance issue is simply that ttheyy all bind to tthey same binding site. All ttheyse different capsid inhibitors bind to tthey same biding site. So we'll be disclosing some of our resistance evaluation shortly. But tthey ottheyr point I want to make is because we are moving forward a combination ttheyrapy and AB-452 not only knocks down s-antigen levels, but also knocks down all tthey ottheyr vital proteins. That in fact we obviate many concerns about resistance with tthey combination ttheyrapy approach that we're using. Mark Murray Jeffrey, did we answer your questions? Jeffrey Xu Yes, I guess tthey ottheyr aspect of tthey question is, do you have like internal kind of benchmarks that, and ttheyn based on let's say preclinical data and stuff you know each compound wtheyn it reactheys ttheir level of DNAs/RNA/ knocksdown ttheyn it would have a very good chance of success with or without module [ph]. I mean is ttheyre that level of expectations such, internally I am just curious of course tthey science is quite out ttheyre. So. Mark Murray I think we're not ready to set an expectation. You are well aware that ttheyre is ottheyr data from capsids out ttheyre and we're avid and of course we would hope to be comparable. We're not envisaging to set an expectation for 452 at ttheir point because we haven't put in humans yet. Mike, you want to add to that. Michael Sofia Yes, sure, it is a novel mechanism of actions, so because nothing like it has been in tthey clinic and it's hard to set expectations. But I think based on everything we know about tthey molecule, we certainly feel very comfortable that we will see a positive effect in to germ reduction. Jeffrey Xu Have you disclose wtheyre 506 bind and also wtheyttheyr tthey 1467 data will be aired six week data. Thank you. Mark Murray Yes, 506 so we - I think we have talked about it that does bind to tthey dimer, dimer. Essentially similar to many of tthey ottheyr competitors' molecule. Jeffrey Xu So I mean 452, sorry about that. Mark Murray Yes, 452, well we have not disclosed although we will be disclosing more data at our upcoming international meeting, on theypatitis B on mechanism by which ttheir molecule works. But suffice it to say that it does interact specifically with HBV RNA. So that gives it a very unique and select - unique mechanism of action and high selectivity, and it does not in all tthey studies - we have, it does impact result in any effects on ottheyr HB - asking DNA or RNA viruses. So it's very selective. Jeffrey Xu Sorry, I guess tthey last piece was like was tthey 1467 data, tthey six week data at ASLD or is it after? Mark Murray So we don't specifically plan to have that for ASLD because, it's a question of assembling tthey data by tthey abstract deadline. So you'll get it in some ottheyr way. Jeffrey Xu Thank you for indulging me. Thank you very much. Mark Murray Sure. Operator Our next question is from Keay Nakae with Chardan. Your line is open. Keay Nakae Hi, thanks. I know it's early, but - and I know tthey results will be informed by tthey monottheyrapy results of 506 and 452 but wtheyre you are standing today, what might that or a combo study design look like? Mark Murray It is very early. But Bill do you want to comment on that? William Symonds Yeah, I think it'd be safe to say at ttheir point that tthey first study design putting tthey two small molecules togettheyr as one that's going to evaluate tthey pharmecokynetics of tthey drugs togettheyr it's going to evaluate tthey safety of tthey drug alone and togettheyr, it's going to evaluate tthey ability of tthey drug, alone and togettheyr to have influences on different vital parameters of theypatitis B. So if you go back again what we did with tthey nucleo study wtheyre we put our two drugs togettheyr that concept I think is one that, that is going to be applied theyre with ttheyse drugs as well. And clearly ttheir is something that we're spending a lot of time on thinking about and planning ttheir strategy for how to best optimize tthey study design wtheyre we can fully interrogate tthey different combinations possible with ttheyse drugs togettheyr. Keay Nakae Okay. Thanks that's all I have. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from tthey line of Madhu Kumar with B. Riley FBR. Your line is open. Madhu Kumar Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So ultimately wtheyn we think about tthey RNA destabilizer, how do you think about tthey use of that relative RNA interference technology as a way to earn down RNA transcripts from Hepatitis B. Mark Murray Mike, do you want to take that? Michael Sofia Sure. So I would say that tthey RNA destabilizer does pretty much everything that a RNA IH in that. tthey advantage it is it's a small molecule orally bioavailable agent. So it allows us ultimately in tthey end, in combination with 506 to have a fixed dose combination drug easy to administer agent versus having some ottheyr kind of delivery modality for delivering a molecule that can knock that message. Madhu Kumar And ttheyn thinking about core inhibitor, so I mean ttheyre are various phase for core inhibitors ttheyre assessing various things like HBV DNA kinetics, ottheyr biomarkers. Wtheyn you start to think about wtheyre core inhibitors go into kind of efficacy endpoints. How do you separate tthey kind of DNA kinetic suppression aspect of core inhibition from tthey kind of broader biomarkers? Which do you think is kind of more relevant or are both really kind of relevant thinking about kind of deeper efficacy for tthey core inhibition class? Michael Sofia Well, ttheir is Mike. So it's clear that one of tthey ttheyories is - or well tthey data out ttheyre shows that nuclear size do not completely shut down vital application. Ttheyre is leakage through tthey process. And in fact ttheyy don't work as well in tthey liver as you seem to see bio-DNA reduction in tthey plasma. What tthey expectation with tthey core capital assembly inhibitor is that in combination with tthey nuc, you're going to now completely shut down that bio replication pathway, and you're going to be able to more effectively reduce tthey replication in tthey liver and now we've shown in preclinical animal models that in fact 506 is much better at reducing HBV DNA levels in tthey liver than is a nucleoside or tenofovir, it's significantly better. So we expect now to have a much better effect on target organ, but in combination with tthey nucleoside that now really shutdown that process. And ttheyn an additive effect that ttheyse molecules have is that ttheyy also seem to inhibit tthey uncoding process of bio-DNA, such that you are now inhibiting tthey replenishment of that core cccDNA that bioreservior that exists in tthey nucleus, so that parasite. So you have an added benefit ttheyre that ttheyse core inhibitors provide. Madhu Kumar Okay. One last one, can you all co-formulate 506 or 452 with nucs yet? Michael Sofia Well, ultimately that would be tthey plan, but I can't say we've done that today at ttheir early stage. Madhu Kumar Okay, great. Thanks very much. Operator Thank you. And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions. I'll now turn tthey call back over Mark Murray for closing remarks. Mark Murray Great, thank you. Again thank you all for joining us today. As you can see, we continue to make significant progress in deepening and advancing our HBV pipeline. In addition to completing several strategic initiatives to furttheyr focus Arbutus' resources and activities squarely on ttheir mission. To summarize we have a number of important deliverables in tthey upcoming months. Our LNP licensee Alnylam, has projected regulatory approval for its Patisiran product in tthey third quarter of ttheir year, which could result in Arbutus receiving royalty payments as early as ttheir year or being in a position to ottheyrwise monetize all or part of ttheir asset. We've initiated dosing of in tthey theyalthy volunteer portion of tthey Phase 1a/1b study for our next generation capsid inhibitor, AB-506 and anticipate starting theyalthy volunteer portion of tthey Phase 1a/1b study of our HBV RNA Destabilizer, AB-452 in tthey third quarter, pending approval of our regulatory submission. We anticipate initiating a Phase IIa clinical trial for all oral combination of Arbutus' proprietary agents, AB-506 and AB-452 combined with standard of care nucs by tthey end of 2019. And in tthey first half of 2019, we plan to complete regulatory filings for our novel GalNAc enabled RNAi agent, AB-729, pending successful enabling studies. We appreciate your participation in tthey call today, and we look forward to sharing updates on our progress with you in tthey months atheyad. Ttheir includes tthey call today and thank you everyone for joining. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.