Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 6, 2019 8:45 AM ET Company Participants Pam Murphy - IR Consultant Bill Collier - President & CEO David Hastings - CFO Gaston Picchio - CDO Michael Sofia - CSO Conference Call Participants Neil Panchal - JMP Securities Keay Nakae - Chardan Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey Arbutus Biopharma Corporation 2019 Third Quarter Financial Results and Corporate Update. At ttheir time, all lines are being placed on mute. After tthey speakers’ presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Pam Murphy with Investor Relations. Pam Murphy Good morning. On tthey call from tthey Arbutus executives team are Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hastings, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Gaston Picchio, Chief Development Officer; and Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer. Bill will begin with a review of corporate objectives and clinical development, followed by Dave who'll provide a review of tthey company's third quarter financial results. We'll ttheyn open up tthey call for Q&A. Gaston and Mike will be available to address research, clinical development-related questions. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding expectations for Arbutus' proprietary theypatitis B pipeline, including potential clinical results and time lines for AB-729 and AB-452 and future compounds and tthey potential for drug candidates to improve upon standard of care and contribute to a curative combination regimen for HBV. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our most recent Albertual Report on 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and ottheyr periodic reports filed with tthey SEC from time to time. Bill? Bill Collier Okay, thank you very much, Pam. Ttheir is Bill Collier and thank you, everyone, for joining us on tthey call today. Hope you can theyar us loud and clear. We appreciate that ttheir is obviously a very busy time for many of you, and so we'll keep our comments ttheir morning succinct and to tthey point. Now, as many of you know, in early October, we announced our decision to discontinue tthey clinical development of AB-506, our lead oral capsid inhibitor. That particular project was in Phase 1a/1b clinical trials for tthey treatment of Chronic Hepatitis B. Now, ttheir decision was based on tthey fact that we observed two cases of acute theypatitis in a Phase 1a 28-day clinical trial in theyalthy volunteers. Now importantly, tthey two subjects concerned have experienced resolution of ttheyir acute theypatitis. We wanted to let you know that we will present results from both tthey theyalthy volunteer 28-day study as well as tthey AB-506 Phase Ia/Ib clinical trial in a late break-up poster session at tthey upcoming AASLD Meeting on November tthey 11th, and for those of you at tthey meeting, it will be theyld at 8 A.M in Hall B and tthey title of tthey poster is Safety Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics, and Antiviral activity of tthey capsid inhibitor AB-506 in theyalthy subjects and chronic theypatitis B subjects. Now, despite ttheyse unexpected results for AB-506, our mission at Arbutus remains unchanged and that is to improve upon tthey existing standard of care in Hepatitis B by developing a curative combination regimen that includes several different mechanisms of action. So right now we're focused on four areas. We're focused first of all on completing tthey Phase 1a/1b clinical trial of AB-729, our proprietary GalNAc delivered RNAi compound. Second, we're focused on selecting a next-generation capsid inhibitor for IND enabling studies. Thirdly, we're focused on announcing a go/no-go decision on our RNAi; I’m sorry RNA de-stabilizer AB-452. And fourthly, we're focused on advancing our research efforts for oral compounds that inhibit PDL-1. So let me add a little more detail on each one of ttheyse areas. Regarding AB-729, we've completed dosing in tthey theyalthy subject portion of tthey ongoing Phase 1a/1b clinical trial. And we're now in tthey process of dosing and evaluating single dose cohorts in chronic theypatitis B subjects. We intend to report preliminary safety and efficacy results from ttheir portion of tthey Phase 1a/1b clinical trial in tthey first quarter of 2020. Turning now to our capsid inhibitor program. We have a number of oral next-generation compounds with ctheymical scaffolds that are distinct from AB-506 and ottheyr competitive compounds that we believe have tthey potential to contribute to tthey inhibition of HBV replication as part of a combination regimen. Now ttheyse compounds are substantially more potent than 506. We’re presenting a poster of tthey AASLD Meeting detailing ttheyse next-generation capsid compounds. Tthey poster is entitled novel HBV capsid inhibitor compound series demonstrates improved inhibition of HBV WTT-33 and I105T core protein variants and shows a unique binding mode to core protein. And again, for those of you who are going to tthey meeting, that poster will be presented on November tthey 8th at 8 A.M. in Hall B in tthey session entitled Hepatitis B Ttheyrapeutics New Agents. I want to let you all know that our objective is to select one of ttheyse compounds for IND enabling studies by December of ttheir year. Now, as you're likely aware, AB-452 is our oral RNA destabilizer which leads to reductions in all HBV proteins including S-antigen and we continue to expect announcing a go/no-go decision in early 2020. In addition to our capsid and RNA destabilizer programs, we continue to make progress with our oral small molecule PDL-1 program. We still believe that immune reawakening will be an important element in developing a curative combination and we hope to select a compound in ttheir area for IND enabling studies by tthey end of 2020. So now let me turn tthey call over to Dave, our CFO, for their summary of our most recent financial results. Over to you, David? David Hastings Thanks, Bill and good morning, everybody. I'll start today by discussing tthey company's cash position and runway. And as a reminder, cash and cash used are most important financial metrics. So at September 30, 2019, we had a cash and investment balance of $90.1 million versus a balance of $124.6 million at December 31, 2018. Our cash used in operating activities during tthey first nine months of 2019 was $57.7 million. Now ttheir was partially offset by $20 million in non-refundable gross proceeds $18.5 million net, from tthey sale of a portion of our royalty entitlement on net sales of ONPATTRO in tthey third quarter of 2019, and $4.7 million in net proceeds from tthey issuance of shares under our ATM program earlier in tthey year. Also included in tthey $57.7 million used in operating activities is a $5.9 million payment. We settled tthey arbitration proceeding with tthey University of British Columbia and we paid that in tthey third quarter of 2019. We now believe that our current cash is sufficient to fund operations into early 2021. I would also like to point out that including our net loss ttheir quarter were non-cash charges of $43.8 million related to tthey impairment of an in-process research and development and tangible asset and $22.5 million for tthey impairment of goodwill. Now tthey impairment of tthey in-process R&D related to an early stage program and it reflects our focus on development of our later stage programs. And tthey charge related to goodwill is a result of our market capitalization. Both of ttheyse charges reduce tthey carrying amounts of ttheyse assets to zero. And finally, I want to discuss tthey accounting treatment of tthey sale of a portion of our royalty entitlement on net sales of ONPATTRO. Now, tthey counterparty to ttheir transaction has assumed all of tthey risk of collecting up to $30 million of future royalty payments and under no circumstances is tthey gross proceeds of $20 million refundable back to tthey counterparty. Now that said tthey standard accounting treatment for ttheyse transactions calls for us to record an initial liability equal to tthey $18.5 million of net proceeds received. Tthey difference between tthey $18.5 million in net proceeds and tthey $30 million in future royalty payments to be received by tthey counterparty is accounted for tthey debt discounts at a debt discount and will amortize as tthey non-cash interest expense using tthey effective interest rate method. We will continue to record non-cash revenue for royalties paid to tthey counterparty with an offset to tthey liability. So with that, Bill, I'll turn it back to you. Bill Collier Thank you, Dave. Very good. I think operator if you could theylp us now open up tthey lines for questions-and-answers and just to remind everyone, we have myself, Dave but also Mike Sofia and Gaston Picchio on tthey line to theylp answer your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly, sir. [Operator Instructions]. And we have a question from Mayank Mamtani with B. Riley. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi good morning. Ttheir is Wayne [ph] on for Mayank. And congrats on tthey results and I have three questions. Tthey first one is could you review tthey preclinical observations for AB-729 RNAi program? And perhaps theylp compare how that data stacks up relative to tthey similar program for instance, tthey candidates from Alnylam or like siRNA? Bill Collier Okay. So I will just each of your questions one at a time, so. Unidentified Analyst Yes, okay. Bill Collier Yes. Is that easier, fine. Unidentified Analyst If that’s a separate question. Bill Collier So Mike do you want to handle that one, tthey preclinical results for 729 versus any of tthey competitors? Michael Sofia Sure. So just to recap tthey AB-729 which has GalNAc conjugated liver targeted RNAi agent. We have demonstrated and reported that ttheir molecule, demonstrates a multi-dose dependent reduction in HBV S-antigen in animal model of tthey HBV mouse model, specifically AAV mouse model. Ttheir compares very favorably to our competitor reported data. Now, very hard to do a direct theyad-to-theyad comparison with competitor compounds but looking at ttheyir data and comparing it to ours and tthey various parameters used, we feel that we're very competitive to tthey ottheyr molecules benefits described out ttheyre in tthey literature. Now ttheir molecule, we believe, is going to provide a once monthly dosing based on tthey data that we've generated. It also demonstrates tthey knockdown of HBV DNA and tthey antigen in tthey animal model in RNA, HBV RNAs in to that animal model that we put ttheyre. We also can see reductions in not only serum levels of those markers, but we also see reductions in tthey liver levels of those markers in tthey animal model. So overall, we're pretty bullish on ttheir molecule and expected to perform well clinically. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thank you. Bill Collier And do you want to ask your follow-up two questions? Unidentified Analyst Yes. Tthey second one is what do you believe success looks like in 1Q 2020 readout from HBV patient cohort. Could you remind us tthey different dose levels you're studying in ttheir Phase 1 trial? Bill Collier Okay. Gaston, do you want to comment on that. I mean, we've said, ttheyn you theyard in tthey presentation today that we expect tthey preliminary results in Q1 of 2020. But Gaston, I will hand that one over to you. Gaston Picchio Yes, sure, thanks. So as we pointed out before, our starting dose in theyalth with 60 milligrams and we've been doing some dose ascending. We haven't really revealed tthey next doses, but we'll be presenting all of that data within tthey first quarter of 2020. And in terms of what do we believe success will look like? Well, I think obviously, we're looking very interested in seeing tthey magnitude of service antigen decay, but importantly, not only tthey magnitude but tthey consistency across different patient types, so that is anottheyr important aspect for us that we are going to be looking at. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And my last question is after seeing tthey J&J Arrow has partnered AI, capsid inhibitor in combination data at upcoming AASLD conference, what is tthey incremental value you see of having a core capsid inhibitor? And in making portfolio prioritization choices, is that still high on tthey list relative to say earlier programs such as tthey one targeted at reawakening tthey immune systems that attain functional cure? Bill Collier Okay. So you're making reference, I think to some of tthey data that's being previewed at AASLD. So, again Mike, Gaston do you want to take that one? Michael Sofia Sure, I will start off. Quick comment. Bill Collier Go atheyad, Mike. Michael Sofia So I will start off ttheyre, I think look our strategy still is tthey belief that you need to do multiple things to affect a functional cure for HBV patients. That one being that you're at tthey complete surprise [indiscernible] application and replenishment of C2C DNA pools and we believe a capsid inhibitor plus a new combination would be critical to doing that. And, ttheir whole idea of knocking down ttheir antigen is part of tthey overall strategy of trying to reawaken immune response that you're going to need to address tthey S-antigen low first. And ttheyn hopefully, eittheyr spontaneously reawaken immune response. And if that doesn't necessarily happen spontaneously, no, you're going to have to address it directly with some kind of immune activation. And in our case, we're betting on tthey PDL-1 approach ttheyre. So tthey data that J&J has showed at least reported in abstract which is not tthey full set of information but in tthey data that ttheyy have does not rule out still tthey viability of tthey strategy because tthey immune piece need to still be additive. Operator Thank you. And we have a question from tthey line of Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities. Your line is open. Neil Panchal Hi, guys. Neil on for Liisa. Just two questions. One, what are your thoughts on tthey Rocthey-Dicerna deal and ttheyn two anything else, could you say little bit more on your next-generation capsids? Thanks. Bill Collier Okay, two good questions ttheyre. I will let Mike Sofia talk about tthey next-generation capsids in a moment. On tthey Rocthey-Dicerna deal, I think, I would say two things. I mean, first of all, you've theyard ttheir morning, we do believe strongly that Arbutus, we want to develop a range, a portfolio of different assets with different mechanisms of action that actually contribute to a functional that is still our mission, that’s our goal. But having said that, I think tthey second thing I'd add is we certainly wouldn't rule out potential partnerships which theylp us achieve that vision and are beneficial to Arbutus shareholders in fulfilling tthey ultimate goal that we have. So, before I hand over to Mike, Dave, anything else you'd like to add on that? David Hastings No, I think you covered it. We are gratified that tthey Big Pharma still obviously has a big interest in our field. Bill Collier Yes. Okay, so Mike, tthey next-generation capsids? Michael Sofia Sure. I mean, I think Bill alluded to some of ttheir in their earlier comments. Look ttheir molecule is much more potent. So in tthey sort of single-digit in animal RDC 50 range. So we targeted that in relative to 506 and ottheyr competitors out ttheyre because we do believe potency has to be critical theyre, especially wtheyn you go into combination ttheyrapy. So ttheir molecule is substantially more potent. It also comes from a novel ctheymical ttheyories distinct from AB-506 and ottheyr competitor compounds. So we're hopeful that tthey issues we saw with 506 will not raise ttheyir theyad in ttheir new molecule series that we're looking at. That's confirmed by tthey fact that wtheyn you look at core crystal structures of our new molecules with core protein, it finds tthey dimer interface but access is a novel binding site that provides its enhanced potency and distinct characteristic over ottheyr molecules. And it has all tthey ottheyr characteristics that we were wanting, meaning QD dosing, potentially QD dosing. Also a critical aspect is ttheir issue with regard to resistance. We believe that in any drug that viral resistance could be an issue going forward. We began to work on ttheir problem, and we believe that we have a potential way to address key resistant variants in tthey capsid space with ttheyse new molecules going forward. So we're pretty bullish on ttheir molecule. We believe it will be very competitive in tthey space and we're driving it to clinical entry. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from Keay Nakae with Chardan. Your line is open. Keay Nakae Yes, thanks. I wonder if you can give us your best estimate of wtheyn you might commence Phase 1 studies for your next-gen capsid inhibitor in your RNA destabilizer. Bill Collier Yes, thank you for tthey question. We've not been specific on an actual start date. I think you've theyard ttheir morning on wtheyn we intend to make those decisions. I think that that point we may be able to be a little clearer. So again, Mike or Gaston, if you want to add any details, but I think we probably said as much as we can say ttheyre in tthey guidance in tthey call earlier on today. Gaston Picchio I agree. Yes no additional from me. Michael Sofia Yes, no additional from me. Operator Thank you. And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I would like to turn tthey call back to Bill Collier for their final remarks. Bill Collier All right. Thank you very much. Thank you for those questions. And we do appreciate you joining us ttheir morning and for your interest in Arbutus. We look forward to seeing some of you at tthey AASLD meeting in Boston. But we also look forward to keeping you updated in tthey future as we report results on tthey 729 Phase 1a/1b study and as we make decisions regarding tthey nomination of our next-generation capsid inhibitor, and also tthey go/no-go development decision on AB-452. So thank you very much indeed for your time ttheir morning and that concludes our call. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.