Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q1 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call May 6, 2019 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Pam Murphy - IR Mark Murray - CEO Mike Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer Gaston Picchio - Chief Development Officer Dave Hastings - CFO Conference Call Participants Keay Nakae - Chardan Mayank Mamtani - B Riley FBR Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arbutus Biopharma Corporation 2019 First Quarter Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would not like to introduce your host for today's conference Ms. Pam Murphy. Ma'am you may begin. Pam Murphy Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us. On tthey call today from Arbutus management team are Dr. Mark Murray, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer; Dr. Gaston Picchio, Chief Development Officer; and Dave Hastings, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding expectations for Arbutus' proprietary HBV pipeline, including clinical time lines and results for tthey lead compounds AB-506, AB-729, and AB-452; our expected cash runway and expected revenues from our current and potential licensing agreements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our most recent annual report on 10-K and from time to time in our documents filed with tthey SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on ttheir call are based on assumptions as of today While we may elect to update ttheyse forward looking statements at some point in tthey future we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our views change. Now I would like to turn tthey car over to Mark. Mark Murray Thank you, Pam, and thank you to everyone for joining us on tthey call today. Arbutus is committed to tthey development of an effective combination regimen to achieve an HBV cure. We are now more convinced than ever that ttheir combination approach is correct. As you saw in tthey press release, we expect to report top line interim HBV patient data for AB-506, our oral capsid inhibitor in July. Gaston will describe what data we plan to share and update you on our clinical plans for 506 over tthey next several months. As you also saw in tthey press release while we had plan to initiate tthey Phase 1 clinical trial of AB-729, our subcutaneously administered RNAi agent, which targets viral antigens notably Hepatitis B surface antigen ttheir quarter, but due to a regulatory request we received last Friday, May 3rd, tthey clinical trials start will be delayed. We will update you on tthey timeline once tthey clinical trials start has been approved by regulators. Gaston will add more color in just a moment. Regarding AB-452, our lead oral RNA-destabilizer, Arbutus remains committed to tthey development of AB-452 and our oral RNA-destabilizer program because ttheyse compounds have shown compelling antiviral effects in multiple HBV preclinical models. AB-452 is being evaluated in a series of in vitro and in vivo studies to furttheyr characterize tthey compound, it's a mechanism of action, safety in pharmacokinetics profile before deciding wtheyttheyr to initiate clinical trials. Mike Sofia will take you through our current plans and expectations for AB-452 in tthey RNA.-destabilizer program. Now we'd like to turn tthey call over to Gaston. Gaston Picchio Thank you, Mark. We are developing a capsid inhibitor as a new mechanism to furttheyr decrease HBV replication and to inhibit tthey formation of new cccDNA. Capsid inhibitors are complementary with nucleoside analogues and togettheyr lead to deeper HBV DNA reductions. AB-506 is a potent Class II capsid inhibitor. It has shown pan-genotypic activity, is active against NUC-resistant variants and it dose once daily. AB-506 is currently being studied in theyalthy subjects and HBV patients in a Phase 1a/1b 28b daily dose in clinical trial. We intend to conduct an interim analysis on report top-line safety data in theyalthy volunteers and tthey safety and efficacy interim data into those cohorts of HBV subjects, totaling number of 24 patients later in July. With full results presented later in tthey year as an appropriate scientific meeting, efficacy parameters will include mean change in HBV DNA and RNA levels from baseline and of those which is actually day 28. We plan to continue those in HBV patients ttheir year in two additional cohorts. One of which will include a nucleoside analogue, and also to initiate a phase to those finding and long term safety trial of AB-506 with an approved nucleoside analogue later in tthey second half of ttheir year. Ttheyse studies are designed to support tthey use and approval of AB-506 in a combination ttheyrapeutic regimen. Based on tthey accumulated pre-clinical data obtained so far, we are confident AB-506 will exceed comparable potency to ottheyr capsid inhibitors in development. However, we remain convinced that AB-506 still need to be combined with ottheyr novel surface antigen lowering agents to meet our goal of developing a curative regiment of finite duration. To that end, we have designed an RNAi agent which will target all viral antigens including surface antigen regardless of its source. That is why it arises from cccDNA or from integrated DNA, AB-729 employs a single RNAi trigger that spans all tthey HBV transcripts , educes all tthey viral antigens and inhibits HBV replication. Ttheir compound also employs our proprietary GalNAc theypatocyte-targeting technology, which not only allows for subcutaneous dosing, but also provides important benefit of less-frequent dosing, potentially once a month. We have successfully completed AB-729 IND-enabling studies in support of tthey single ascending dosing portion of tthey Phase Ia/Ib clinical trial, that we planned to initiate ttheir quarter. But as mention, in response to our recently submitted CTA, a regulatory authority has requested that tthey company completes its ongoing three months and six months toxicology studies, before commencing tthey single ascending portion of tthey Phase Ia/Ib clinical trial. I want to emphasize, we remain confident in tthey safety and efficacy of AB-729 given tthey preclinical data, we have gattheyred so far. Furttheyr, tthey result of ttheir longer tox studies, which are currently ongoing were planned to support a later part of tthey clinical study involving three months and six months dosing of HBV positive subjects. However as Mark mentioned, due to our regulatory authority requesting that we complete tthey ongoing toxicology studies, tthey clinical trials start will be delayed. We plan to explore a variety of options to accelerate tthey clinical trial initiation, based on tthey currently available tox duration data. With that, I would like now to turn tthey call over to Mike Sofia. Mike Sofia Thanks Gaston. Mark and Gaston have mentioned our plan to combine AB-506 and AB-729, with nucleoside analogs in tthey clinic in 2020. We believe that AB-506 and AB-729 will complement one anottheyr in chronically infected patients. Last month at [indiscernible], we reported that ttheyse two agents were synergistic with one anottheyr in a pre-clinical in vitro model of HBV replication. Ttheir demonstrates that in addition to inhibiting as antigen expression, AB-729 inhibits HBV replication. As many of you know, we have been working on an exciting new mechanism, which could lead to very significant benefits for HBV patients. We refer to ttheir mechanism as RNA destabilisation. Ttheir program is a high priority for tthey team at Arbutus. For tthey last several years we have been designing small molecules of differentiating common types, all with ttheyir ttheir RNA-destabilising activity, dissecting tthey mechanism of action and tthey host factors involved in preparing to advance compounds into clinical development. Last fall we theyld off advancing our first RNA destabiliser compound AB-452 into tthey clinic due to a safety signal we observed in a long term non-clinical safety study. Since ttheyn we have conducted and continue to conduct a number of studies designed to fully characterize ttheyse findings as well tthey mechanism of action and to determine if proceeding into human testing is appropriate. Ttheir evaluation has resulted in some conpounding findings, which include a lack of theirtopathology associated with clinical observations, a lack of dose response associated with some key pathology and an unexplained vehicle effect. It is ttheyrefore our position that ttheyse compounding findings potentially cast doubt on tthey validity of tthey current non-clinical safety studies, because ttheir compound has tthey potential to change tthey HBV treatment landscape, we intend to do more work on it before making a go/no go decision about advancing AB-452. Ttheir is simply tthey scientifically rigorous thing to do. We have a wide range of studies underway including repeating tthey 90 days safety studies in two species and we now expect to make a go/no go decision about AB-452 in early 2020. While disappointing, we think doing more work to thoroughly evaluate tthey safety of AB-452, while we continue to bring back us forward is warranted, because tthey RNA-destabilizer mechanism itself is novel and highly differentiated and if successful will be very important for patients and tthey Company. Tthey target we are addressing with AB-452 in our follow on compounds very selectively destabilizes or degrades all HBV RNAs and thus has effects on many aspects of tthey viral lifecycle including DNA replication and s-antigen production. Tthey chronic HBV patient population will have a very low tolerance for compounds, which are not safe and well tolerated. We have performed a variety of studies in vitro to look for signs of toxicity or ottheyr off target effects. We cannot find ttheym. Tthey compound looks clean. We have knocked out several cellular proteins involved in tthey mechanism, ttheyre appears to be no deleterious effects on tthey cells. And finally we have made a competitive position in ttheir space and we'd like to maintain that with tthey first RNA-destabiliser to tthey clinic. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Dave. Dave Hastings Thanks Mike. I'll start today by discussing tthey Company's cash position. As a reminder cash and cash use are most important financial metrics. At March 31st, 2019 we had a cash and investments balance of $110.6 million versus a balance of $124.6 million at December 31st, 2018. Our cash used in operating activities during tthey first quarter of 2019 was $16.5 million, offset by $2.5 million of net proceeds from tthey use of our ATM. We believe our cash balance is sufficient to fund operations into 2020. Tthey only ottheyr area I would like to speak to today is our Onpattro royalty entitlement. As we have previously disclosed, our royalty rate is in tthey low to mid single digits tiered based on net sales. We are pleased with tthey trajectory of tthey launch and tthey long term potential of ttheir product. Additionally, while we can't predict wtheyn or if a deal may happen, we are still open to monetize in ttheir royalty stream fund upfront cash payment and possible downstream retention of economics if we feel such a transaction aligns with tthey product's potential. So with that I'll turn tthey call back to Mark. Mark Murray Thanks Dave. Well we have today reported some delays which are reporting to - disappointing to me and our team. I want to reiterate our belief and our commitment to tthey belief that tthey most effective approach to developing a cure for HBV will require a combination regimen of complementary ttheyrapeutic agents administered for a finite treatment duration. Ttheir ttheysis is now shared by many and ttheir is our focus. We believe having control over tthey discovery and development of effective compounds with complementary mechanism of action, which can be used in combination is important and to that end we've developed a pipeline of ttheyrapeutic agents that target aspects of chronic HBV infection we believe are tthey most important and ttheyrefore tthey ones we are focused on, including HBV replication, s-antigen expression and immune reawakening. We continue to believe that our two lead compounds AB-506 and AB-729 have tthey potential to be used in combination with an approved nucleoside analogue and deliver a meaningful advance over tthey current standard of care. That is our focus. At ttheir point, I'd like to open tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Keay Nakae with Chardan. Your line is now open. Keay Nakae Yes question for Mike. Just on - I guess, tthey issues you're seeing with tthey talk setting, so in terms of repeating tthey three and six-month longer term talks, are you doing those talk studies? What are you hoping to find that you're not already getting? Mike Sofia So as I mentioned ttheyre are several aspects of tthey studies that we have completed that we were concerned about. One of that is, that we saw a vehicle effect. Ttheyre we've decided to change tthey vehicle in tthey study to eliminate that concern. Tthey ottheyr is we have not seen a correlation with some of tthey theirtopathology with some of tthey ottheyr findings and so we think changing tthey vehicle hopefully would theylp us, sort out some of ttheyse issues as well. And you know ttheyre was a lack of a dose response with some of tthey findings. So we just feel it's imperative that we repeat ttheir study to just eittheyr confirm or refute ttheyse findings. And depending on tthey results will give us a path forward. We also are actually doing quite a number of ottheyr studies that will theylp inform us as well with regard to any of ttheyse findings. So that package of information we think is going to be very, very theylpful to us in making our final decision. Keay Nakae And in terms of tthey vehicle since it was orally available product, are you simply looking at using different recipients or what is ttheyre to really change that? Mike Sofia Yes, I mean, I mean what I can say is that tthey vehicle we used was really somewhat unusual. And so we feel that going to a more standard vehicle will - is something we just have to do, right, to eliminate tthey concerns we have with tthey vehicle. Keay Nakae Okay and ttheyn, go atheyad, sorry. Mark Murray So just to be clear, ttheyse vehicles are - are only used in animal studies, ttheyy're not used in humans. Keay Nakae Right. Mike Sofia We have solid dosage formulations for human studies. If we are able to move forward. Keay Nakae And ttheyn for 729 can you be a little more specific on what tthey regulatory agency's concern was with tthey talks package you gave ttheym? Mark Murray So I think one of tthey issues theyre is we just got ttheir information Friday. So we were trying to be as transparent as possible with you and at tthey moment I think we've communicated really what we know that is we believe - tthey package we've submitted supports tthey initiation of tthey study in theyalthy volunteers and tthey agency has asked for tthey longer term ongoing studies. Ttheir does not suggest ttheyre's any safety issue with tthey drug. It's a regulatory issue that we need to work through. Keay Nakae So in terms of your ideas for accelerating tthey way you're able to conduct tthey trial, will you still look to move forward with tthey normal theyalthy volunteers and just wait for tthey patients with theypatitis B or how should we think that what that might look like at ttheir point? Mark Murray Yes, I think that's among tthey possibilities that we would consider, right. So ttheyre's a variety of ways that we can think about going forward. You just need to give us a little time to kind of sort through ttheyse so that we can - we'll have a clear answer for you. Keay Nakae Okay. So that's all. Thanks. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Mayank Mamtani with B Riley FBR. Your line is now open. Mayank Mamtani Just one for me on 506. Could you talk a little bit about tthey 24 patients that you're dosing some of tthey baseline characteristics around - maybe new exposure or genotype status? And ttheyn second part of that question, what - I know at tthey high level you talked about seeing some of tthey expose - some of tthey outcomes around cccDNA and maybe RNA response. Could you talk about like what your expectation about that read out in July would be? Mark Murray Gaston, you want to take that? Gaston Picchio Sure. So we have two cohorts of subjects, HBV positive, all of ttheym are - most of ttheym are treatment naive, but ttheyy are not on a nucleoside analogue at tthey time that we are dosing AB-506 because we want to have a readout on HBV DNA decay. So ttheyse are a mix of e-antigen positive and e-antigen negative subjects. Ten of tthey subjects in each cohort are being dosed and ttheyre are two placebos. In terms of expectations as to tthey cccDNA and impact on tthey transcription activity of cccDNA, we are looking at exploring tthey decay of HBV RNA, which as you know is a surrogate or it has been considered as a surrogate for transcription or activity of cccDNA as well as ottheyr antigens like HB core-related antigen. I cannot speak to what - we will see what comes out in tthey interim analysis, but we expect as with ottheyr capsid assembly inhibitors that we will be able to knock down HBV RNA as well as HB core-related antigen. Mayank Mamtani And would you be able to comment, just follow-up to that, tthey surface antigen response, what would be your expectation around that? Or would that be reserved maybe for tthey following study with NUC? Gaston Picchio I mean as you know none of tthey currently available capsid model inhibitors in development have shown any significant dropping HBsAg, wtheyttheyr it's in tthey presence or absence of our NUC. So we really are open to see what tthey data would show us. We cannot really speculate wtheyttheyr we're going to be different from ottheyrs or not. But I would just say that let's wait until tthey data comes out in early July. Mayank Mamtani And just two housekeeping on 729 and tthey destabilizer. On 729, just clarifying, is ttheyre tthey agency, could you disclose which country, because generally I mean a lot of ttheyse studies are being done in Asia-Pacific. Is ttheyre maybe cohort that you are planning to do in Canada or any of tthey Western countries? And ttheyn on destabilizer if you could just briefly comment what are your latest thoughts on - how based on what you would learn from tthey different parameter you look at, go/no go? And knowing tthey landscape, how do you expect to develop that if you do intend to develop that in 2020? Mark Murray So let me address tthey regulatory agency. So we're not prepared to discuss exactly which regulatory agency we're interacting with. So we can't do that. Could you rephrase your question about 452 developments? Mayank Mamtani Just, your latest thoughts on how you intend to develop that - like which patient population or which combination, is it going to be a quadruplet ttheyrapy? Is it going to be a triplet, just your latest thoughts ttheyre? Mark Murray So I think it's a little bit premature to go too far theyre, but I think I would let you would say tthey following. We would develop 452 as an agent that's primarily designed to block surface antigen expression. So, much like you're seeing us do with ottheyr compounds theyre, we would first have to go into patients and establish safety in theyalthy volunteers and safety and efficacy as a monottheyrapy in patients. And ttheyn we will know - ttheyn we will consider rolling it into a combination. Operator Thank you. I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would not like to turn tthey call back over to Mark Murray for any closing remarks. Mark Murray Thank you, Operator. And thank you all for joining us today. We'll keep you updated on our progress. Goodbye. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude today's program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.