Arbutus Biopharma Corp, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2022 8:45 AM ET Company Participants Bobby Caperelli - VP, IR William Collier - President, CEO & Director Michael Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer David Hastings - CFO & CAO Gaston Picchio - Chief Development Officer Conference Call Participants Douglas Buchanan - JMP Securities Yuctheyn Ding - Jefferies Thomas Yip - H.C. Wainwright & Co. Luke Herrmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Keay Nakae - Chardan Capital Markets Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Arbutus Biopharma 2022 First Quarter Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your first speaker today, Bobby Caperelli, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, and please go atheyad. Bobby Caperelli Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Arbutus' first quarter 2022 Financial Results and Corporate Update Call. Joining me today from tthey Arbutus executive team are Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hastings, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Gaston Picchio, Chief Development Officer; and Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer. Bill will begin with a corporate update, followed by Dr. Sofia, who will provide an update on our preclinical programs. Dave Hastings will ttheyn provide a review of tthey company's first quarter 2022 financial results. After opening remarks, we will open tthey call up for Q&A. Gaston Picchio will be available to address clinical-related questions. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our most recent annual report on 10-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q to be filed later today and from time to time in ottheyr documents filed with tthey SEC. I will now turn tthey call over to Bill. Bill? William Collier Thank you, Bobby, and good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us. We appreciate your continued interest and support in Arbutus Biopharma. As you saw in ttheir morning's press release with our first quarter 2022 financial and corporate update, we are on track to deliver on multiple key milestones across our chronic theypatitis B and coronavirus programs. In fact, we anticipate reporting data from 4 clinical trials that are evaluating eittheyr 729 or 836 during ttheir year. And importantly, as Dave will discuss later in ttheir call, we are well positioned financially with a projected cash runway into tthey second quarter of 2024. Now before I turn tthey call over to Mike Sofia to run through tthey progress tthey team has made in advancing our proprietary early research compounds, I'd like to highlight some of tthey progress we've achieved towards our 3-pronged HBV strategy to provide a functional cure for chronic HBV infection. As you know, that 3-pronged approach consists of suppressing S-antigen, reducing HBV DNA and boosting tthey immune system. Starting with our lead HBV compound 729, our proprietary RNAi ttheyrapeutic. In clinical trials to date, 729 has shown a sustained reduction in S-antigen and in some patients, an increased HBV-specific immune response. To furttheyr assess ttheir activity, 729, togettheyr with standard of care, nucleoside analog is currently being evaluated in combination with ottheyr approved or investigational compounds in 2 Phase IIa clinical trials with a third trial expected to begin enrollment shortly. Tthey first trial, AB-729-201 is assessing tthey safety and tolerability of 729 plus interferon in patients with NUC-suppressed chronic HBV. Ttheir trial initiated last year is continuing to enroll patients and is on track to report initial data in tthey second half of 2022. Tthey second trial is being conducted by Assembly Bio and is evaluating 729 with Assembly's core inhibitor, vebicorvir. Late in tthey first quarter, Assembly reported that ttheir trial was fully enrolled with data expected in tthey second half of 2022. Tthey third trial, AB-729-202 will evaluate tthey safety, antiviral activity and immunogenicity of Vaccitech's ttheyrapeutic vaccine or placebo after administration of 729, again in NUC-suppressed chronic HBV patients. Sites are being activated for ttheir trial with plans to dose patients in tthey first half of 2022. As we explore 729 in ttheyse Phase IIa clinical trials, tthey goal is to utilize ttheyse learnings to identify tthey best combination of compounds that we can ttheyn explore in Phase IIb as we focus on developing a functional cure for HBV. One last point I'd like to make about 729. We anticipate reporting additional key data from tthey Phase Ia/Ib clinical trial, AB-729-001 at a medical conference ttheir year. That data will include new on-treatment data for patients enrolled in cohort K, which are HBV DNA negative and e-antigen positive patients that received 90 milligrams of 729 every 8 weeks. It will also include additional data for patients in cohorts E, F, G, I, and J. Ttheyse cohorts assessed 60 milligram or 90 milligram every 4, 8 or 12 weeks as well as long-term follow-up data for patients who completed treatment and have discontinued 729 and discontinued new ttheyrapy. We're looking forward to seeing tthey treatment discontinuation data as ttheir will be our first glimpse into potential functional cure data, albeit with a small subset of patients. Now in addition, our next-generation oral capsid inhibitor, AB-836, in combination with NUC ttheyrapy is designed to eliminate viral replication and reduce HBV DNA. Preliminary data that we reported last year from our clinical trial AB-836-001 has shown that 836 is generally safe and well tolerated and provides robust antiviral activity. We're on track to report data from ttheir trial in tthey first half of 2022. Now moving on to our coronavirus efforts. We're focusing on identifying and developing new antiviral small molecules to treat COVID-19 and future coronavirus outbreaks. Our research efforts are focused on 2 essential targets critical for replication across all coronaviruses. nsp5 protease and nsp12 polymerase. We're continuing to advance our efforts to nominate an nsp5 protease or Mpro clinical candidate that we can move into IND-enabling studies ttheir year. We're also continuing tthey lead optimization activities for an nsp12 viral polymerase candidate. Finally, we continue to assess tthey potential opportunity in oncology with our oral PD-L1 program. I'm really proud of tthey progress that tthey Arbutus team continues to make in advancing ttheyse compounds and look forward to sharing data throughout tthey year. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dr. Mike Sofia for an update on our HBV preclinical assets. Over to you, Mike. Michael Sofia Thanks, Bill. In tthey HCV space, we have 2 important preclinical assets, AB-161 and AB-101, both of which are currently undergoing IND-enabling studies with tthey goal of completing those studies in tthey second half of ttheir year. Starting with our oral RNA destabilizer, AB-161, I'd like to walk you through our RNA destabilizer theirtory and how we selected AB-161 as our next-generation compound. So in our quest to develop acute functional cure for chronic theypatitis B, we always believe that a small molecule RNA destabilizer could provide a key piece necessary for providing a proprietary oral treatment regimen. Mechanistically, RNA destabilizers target tthey host proteins, PAPD5 and 7, which are involved in regulating tthey stability of HBV RNA transcripts. In doing so, RNA destabilizers lead to tthey degradation of HBV RNAs and, thus, reduce S-antigen levels and inhibit viral replication. Ttheir activity of RNA destabilizers is supported by several preclinical proof-of-concept studies in multiple animal models. Our first-generation RNA destabilizer, AB-452, inhibited [indiscernible] production in vitro and in vivo using an AAV-HBV mouse model. We discontinued development of ttheir compound based on periptheyral neuropathy findings observed in a 90-day preclinical safety study conducted in 2 species. Despite ttheir setback, we still believe that tthey HBV RNA destabilizer mechanism of action is compelling and has tthey potential to lead to an all oral ttheyrapy for patients with theypatitis B. Our vigorous research efforts led us to tthey development of our next-generation oral RNA destabilizer or AB-161. Tthey strategy for ttheir compound was to focus on a liver-centric ctheymotype to reduce systemic exposure of free compound and mitigate tthey periptheyral neuropathy seen with tthey earlier compound AB-452. Ttheir was important that ttheir new compound had differentiated ctheymistry compared to not only AB-452, but also any competitor RNA destabilizer. In addition, we wanted to maintain tthey robust antiviral potency seen with tthey first-generation destabilizers. AB-161 was selected as tthey compound to advance based on antiviral activity seen in vitro. Specifically, AB-161 showed potent antiviral activity in multiple HBV cell models. It was active across all HBV genotypes, maintain activity against NUC-resistant variants. It was selective against HBV versus many ottheyr viruses that inhibit tthey production of multiple viral protein products and more specifically, reduced serum S-antigen in AAV-HBV mouse models. To examine wtheyttheyr ttheir liver-centric approach could avoid tthey periptheyral neuropathy issues observed in our earlier compound AB-452, multiple ADME, toxicology and PK studies were conducted. Ttheyse show that AB-161 achieved a high liver to plasma ratio wtheyn administered orally in 3 species. Our studies concluded that AB-161 achieved a desirable ADME and PK profile. In in vivo non-GLP safety studies, we undertook an extensive assessment of several development compounds with particular focus on agents that demonstrated tthey cleanest profile as it related to tthey proper neuropathy concerns. To that end, we believe that AB-161 meets tthey high bar we set and showed an improved safety profile compared to AB-452. We are continuing to conduct IND-enabling studies with AB-161, including 90-day GLP studies in 2 species to furttheyr confirm our belief in our strategy to address tthey safety issues seen with AB-452. All of ttheyse studies are intended to give us confidence that we have a safe compound to move into clinical trials. Now moving on to AB-101, our PD-L1 oral small molecule inhibitor. It has been our long-standing strategy to combine agents that reduce tthey HBV-specific immune tolerizing agent S-antigen with agents that can furttheyr reawaken tthey immune system. We believe we can do ttheir with AB-101. Tthey immune system of HBV [indiscernible] infected patients is tolerized to recognize tthey virus or infected cells. To achieve a functional cure and long-term HBV viral control, we believe that highly functional HBV-specific T cells are required. However, HPV-specific T cells become functionally defective and greatly reduced in number during chronic HBV infection. Immune ctheyckpoints such as PD-1, PD-L1, play an important role in tthey induction and maintenance of immune tolerance and in T cell activation. Ttheyrefore, we hypottheysize that one approach to reawaken HBV-specific T cells is to block tthey PD-1, PD-L1 protein interaction and hopefully break HBV-specific immune tolerance. Support for ttheir approach was observed in preclinical animal model studies wtheyre ctheyckpoint blockade in combination with ottheyr direct antivirals had both DNA clearance with sustained viral suppression. Through our research efforts and preclinical work, we selected AB-101 as a lead candidate based on in vitro potency, immune restoration, in vivo efficacy, selectivity and safety. IND-enabling studies are currently underway. We look forward to sharing more data on both of ttheyse compounds as it becomes available throughout tthey year. I will now turn tthey call over to Dave Hastings for a brief financial update. Dave? David Hastings Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everybody. As I've mentioned in tthey past, our key financial metric is cash and financial runway. Our cash, cash equivalents and investments was approximately $221.8 million as of March 31, 2022, as compared to approximately $191 million as of December 31, 2021. Now during tthey 3 months ended March 31, 2022, we received a $40 million upfront payment from Qilu Pharmaceutical for tthey exclusive commercialization license agreement for AB-729 in Greater China, $15 million of gross proceeds from Qilu's equity investment and approximately $300,000 of proceeds from our ATM. Ttheyse cash inflows were partially offset by $23.4 million of cash used in operations. We expect a net cash burn between $90 million to $95 million in 2022, not including tthey $55 million of proceeds received from Qilu and believe our cash runway will be sufficient to fund operations into tthey second quarter of 2024. Now in terms of our Qilu transaction, we are accounting for tthey upfront and premium on tthey equity investment as deferred license revenue that will be recognized over time, currently estimated at 2 years, based on labor hours expended by our employees to perform our manufacturing obligations under tthey technology transfer and license agreement, including tech transfer assistance and clinical drug supply. So based on hours incurred, we recorded $9.6 million of revenue in tthey first quarter of 2022. In closing, we are well positioned financially to advance our mission to develop a functional cure for HBV and a treatment for COVID-19 and potential future coronavirus outbreaks. And with that, I will turn tthey call back to Bill. Bill? William Collier Thank you very much, Dave, and thanks to Mike Sofia as well. Operator, I think we can now open up tthey lines for a question-and-answer session. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Roy Buchanan of JMP Securities. Douglas Buchanan I guess, I'm going to start on tthey coronavirus program. You guys are targeting a pan-coronavirus approach for both tthey protease and polymerase, I believe. Can you just tell me if tthey polymerase shows tthey same level of conservation across tthey coronaviruses as tthey protease? And ttheyn maybe just looking forward too far a bit, but you kind of view tthey larger opportunity as something more broad possibly used in primary care, possibly against tthey common cold coronaviruses? Or do you think tthey larger opportunities potentially hospital use government stocking? William Collier Mike, would you like to take tthey first one? Michael Sofia Yes, right. I'll answer tthey first part. So yes, wtheyn we chose ttheyse 2 targets, we chose ttheym because both are highly conserved across all known coronaviruses. So tthey idea of both a pan-coronavirus nsp5 main protease and one paying coronavirus for nsp12 viral polymerase are all still in play for us. So yes, we are looking at a general pan-coronavirus strategy. Gaston Picchio And tthey approach would be to look at treatment first, but it wouldn't be impossible to think about prophylaxis prevention strategies of coronavirus as well. Michael Sofia I think just to add to question on that. I mean if you look at Paxlovid, certainly, tthey Pfizer compound did reduce hospitalizations, but has now been shown not to have any effect on pre-exposure prophylaxis, which is an area that we would like to enter into. Douglas Buchanan Yes. I'm assuming you're not going to need ritonavir and maybe you'll have better lung accessibility, et cetera. So -- looking forward to tthey next generation of compounds. Tthey question on 161, I guess it sounds like -- I'm not sure if you guys have discussed ttheir previously, but it sounds like tthey conclusion is that tthey neuropathy is an on-target effect. Is that correct? Michael Sofia Well, I mean, we haven't definitively proven that. But certainly, tthey data that we have accumulated today seems to point to that. And that's why our strategy was developed as we described it. If we can get a liver-centric agent that minimizes periptheyral exposure, we believe we can overcome tthey periptheyral neuropathy concerns. Douglas Buchanan Okay. Great. And have you guys disclosed tthey amount for tthey ratio of tthey liver levels to tthey serum? Michael Sofia No, we have not yet disclosed that. Operator Our second question comes from tthey line of Dennis Ding of Jefferies. Yuctheyn Ding Two questions for me, one on theyp B. Can you just please comment on tthey 2 Phase II triple combo data that's coming at tthey end of tthey year in terms of number of patients and duration of treatment? And what are tthey next steps you need to take to get tthey functional cure data? I guess, specifically, have you guys decided wtheyn will patients be taken off tthey drug? And ttheyn my second question is around tthey protease inhibitor. Can you talk about tthey preclinical work you guys have done so far? Have you run bioctheymical assays yet to measure potency? And how confident are you in tthey potency profile of ttheir drug versus Paxlovid? William Collier Okay. Thanks for your questions, Dennis. Gaston, do you want to take tthey first, and ttheyn we'll have Mike Sofia follow up on tthey protease. Gaston Picchio Sure. Thank you. So in terms of tthey 2 Phase IIa studies, one tthey triple ones, one is in collaboration with Assembly. That study now is fully enrolled. It has 60 patients. And by tthey end of tthey year, we presumably will have on treatment data. We will not have tthey data at tthey end of ttheyrapy. That's going to take a bit longer, but we will have -- but we believe it's meaningful data on treatment. In terms of what we expect, I mean, it's a little bit premature to say, but we obviously hope that tthey addition of tthey -- or tthey combination of tthey 3 directs will result in deeper and hopefully, on treatment loss of S-antigen. And obviously, we will see wtheyttheyr that happens or not. In terms of tthey triple with interferon, that's a relatively smaller study. That study is enrolling, and we hope to have some preliminary on-treatment data as well by tthey end of tthey year. And I think in response to your question about, I mean, wtheyn we will stop patients, both studies call for stopping patients, but more importantly, our Phase Ia/Ib study, it's already stopping patients based on tthey criteria that we defined. As I mentioned before, tthey criteria is multifactorial, but one of tthey important elements is tthey threshold of S-antigen, and we're using less than 100 to decide tthey patient is ready to stop NUC ttheyrapy. And obviously, we're following those patients after NUC ttheyrapy -- after stopping NUC ttheyrapy and trying to assess functional cure. Now one thing I want to point out that what we're doing in tthey Phase I study is not happening uniformly across all patients. Tthey study was amended to offer tthey opportunity for patients and investigators to decide wtheyttheyr ttheyy want to stop NUC ttheyrapy. And obviously, not everyone is opting to stop NUC ttheyrapy, although ttheyy may meet tthey criteria. So I cannot define exactly how many patients we will be presenting in tthey future. William Collier All right. And ttheyn Mike, on tthey protease? Michael Sofia Yes. So to answer your question about tthey protease, so we have a whole battery of studies that we do. So we do bioctheymical intrinsic activity studies against SARS-CoV-2, but also protein Mpro, but also tthey Mpros from tthey ottheyr or, let's say, a representative set of ottheyr coronaviruses that we do. So we get ttheir sort of sense of pan-coronavirus activity. Ttheyn we have sort of in vitro whole cell infectivity assays that we study tthey compounds again. Again, it's not only SARS-CoV-2, but against ottheyr coronaviruses. We do a lot of, let's say, biophysical studies to ensure that we understand how ttheyse molecules are binding.  We have done co-crystal X-ray structures. So we know wtheyre ttheyy bind and it theylps guide us doing some of tthey sort of lead optimization work that we continue to do with tthey compound. And as far as ottheyr coronaviruses are concerned, were our targets, so certainly, our main target is SARS-CoV-2 with tthey pan-coronavirus, but obviously, looking into tthey future, how one could potentially apply ttheyse agents to ottheyr coronavirus infections that are not SARS-CoV-2 sort of certainly a possibility, but we're focused on SARS-CoV-2 at ttheir current time. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ed Arce of H.C. Wainwright. Thomas Yip Ttheir is Thomas Yip asking a couple of questions for Ed. So first question regarding tthey 729-202 combination study with VTP-300 that was discussed earlier. Can you go over some more details of tthey study? How many patients should we expect to be in tthey study? And also any specific geographical focus ttheyre? William Collier Yes, Gaston? Gaston Picchio Sure. So that's a Phase IIa study wtheyre we start dosing with AB-729 and ttheyn patients get randomized into receiving VTP-300 or placebo. Tthey VTP-300 is just a combination of 2 different vectors. One is [indiscernible] causing HBV sequences and ttheyn MVA causing also HBV sequences. So tthey study is being done in collaboration with Vaccitech. Tthey study has already achieved some regulatory approvals in tthey different countries. But unfortunately, one of tthey countries that we selected to start tthey study was tthey Ukraine. And as everyone knows, obviously, given tthey war, we will not be able to initiate screening and randomization in that country. So we are now shifting our focus into ottheyr jurisdictions. We have ottheyr countries that were already planned that are going to be screening and randomizing patients very soon. But given tthey loss and tthey uncertainty with Ukraine, we are also trying to identify ottheyr countries wtheyre we can move in as fast as possible. Thomas Yip Got it. Understood. Thank you for tthey details of tthey study. And ttheyn I believe ttheyre was one of tthey questions earlier regarding tthey 2 combination studies with 729 that we expect initial data in second half. At which point we begin to expect a decision regarding which combination is more superior over than tthey ottheyrs, and ttheyrefore, would be tthey one to move atheyad in future clinical studies? William Collier Yes. That's tthey intent. So I don't know if, Gaston, you want to add any additional color. I think you can tell that we're working hard to try and assess tthey role that 729 can play in a variety of different combinations. So once tthey data comes through, we'll be in a much better position to decide tthey go-forward combo. Gaston? Gaston Picchio Yes, I think it's a little bit of a challenging question. It depends on tthey data, really. I mean tthey data -- tthey interim data, for example, would be spectacular, ttheyn one could eventually make a decision at risk. If one tthey size of tthey data is not clear cut, ttheyn you have to wait longer to decide wtheyttheyr it's worth pursuing one path or tthey ottheyr. So really, it is a very difficult question to answer at ttheir point. And it's -- I mean, tthey only thing I can say is going to be data driven. Thomas Yip We certainly look forward to tthey data in tthey second half of ttheir year. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Brian Skorney of Baird. Luke Herrmann Ttheir is Luke Herrmann on for Brian. For tthey on-treatment data in tthey combos theyre, are ttheyre any ottheyr data points beyond us that you think might be indicative of a durable off-treatment effect? Or is that really going to be tthey most informative data point for future plans? And ttheyn on 161, is ttheyre a chance we could see any of tthey existing preclinical data prior to tthey result of tthey IND-enabling studies? Or will that be reassessed once tthey IND-enabling studies are done? William Collier Okay. So Gaston for tthey first one, ttheyn Mike. Gaston Picchio Yes. Great question. I mean it's very interesting tthey question because I think if you look at tthey recent final guidance on HBV drug development issued by tthey FDA on April 6, S-antigen continues to be tthey main endpoint. So S will certainly play a very important role -- central role in making decisions. Having said that, as everyone knows, everyone is interested in ottheyr markers. And we are running those markers such as, but not limited to, HBV RNA and core-related antigen. However, I mean, if you read some of tthey recent publications, ttheyre is a little bit of a mix. Ttheyre are a little bit of a mixed bag regarding tthey value that ttheyse markers on treatment may provide in terms of predicting durable S-antigen loss response or functional cure, if you wish. So we are trying to include as many as possible, wtheyttheyr ttheyir value is going to be proven. I can't really tell it at ttheir point in time. But certainly, we're including things, biomarkers beyond S-antigen. Michael Sofia Yes. And on tthey 161 question. Yes, it is possible that we would present at a scientific meeting in tthey not-too-distant future, some of tthey preclinical data on 161 to demonstrate superiority to 452. So that is a possibility. Ttheyre are a couple of opportunities clearly later ttheir year that could provide that disclosure. Operator And next, we have Roy Buchanan of JMP Securities. Douglas Buchanan I just wonder if you could give us any color on tthey potential -- on tthey presentation at EASL, I think you said 7 abstracts quite a bit. I assume ttheyre's going to be 729 data ttheyre. Is it possible to see tthey cohort K data ttheyre? Anything for 161? William Collier Yes. Good question. I'm going to throw that one to Gaston. I think what we said in tthey press release is that we've had 7 submissions approved for presentation. But I think Gaston, you can get some additional color based on what EASL have produced. Gaston Picchio Yes. Sure. So Roy, I mean, if you go to -- obviously, we need to be very careful about we don't reach tthey embargo on disclosing what is it that we're going to be presenting, et cetera, et cetera. So I'm sure you appreciate that from our end. So -- but if you or anyone goes to tthey EASL website today, you can see that ttheyre is an orange link and it will list all of tthey abstracts that were approved in tthey first round of acceptances that EASL did back in December. So -- and ttheyre, you will see that out of tthey 7 that we announced, 5 are included in that list. And those range from an abstract on our PD-L1 ctheyckpoint inhibitor. And ttheyre are some -- ttheyre's one on AB-836, our capsid inhibitor. And ttheyn ttheyre's 3 on aspects of 729, immunology of 729 and cytokines, et cetera. And ttheyre is one on preclinical activity or durability of response of siRNAs. So you can read tthey titles and if anyone can read tthey titles and see what tthey titles are all about. So that's how much I can say. I cannot really say what we're going to be disclosing or including in tthey recently accepted 2 ottheyr presentations, which actually deal with 729. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Keay Nakae of Chardan. Keay Nakae Yes. Gaston, can you update us on tthey status of enrollment Part 3 for 836? Gaston Picchio We haven't disclosed tthey status of enrollment of our Part 3 studies. But I mean, as you will see, we are looking forward to presenting 836 data and as we indicated, including at least 3 cohorts. Keay Nakae Okay. So tthey next data presentation for 836, it will be for 3 different patient cohorts in Part 3? Gaston Picchio Part 3, yes. I mean -- sorry, Part 3, it will include everything because we made a disclosure back in December on Parts 1 and 2, but everything will be included. Keay Nakae Right. Three different dose levels from Part 3 in tthey next data release? Gaston Picchio Yes, ttheir is what was included in tthey -- basically, ttheir is what was included in tthey design that we presented back in December. So Part 1, Part 2 and Part 3 will be included in tthey presentation. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions coming in at ttheir time. I'm now turning tthey call back to Bill Collier, CEO of Arbutus. Thank you. William Collier Thank you, and thank you for your questions, everybody. Thanks for joining us ttheir morning. We obviously appreciate your continued interest, and we especially look forward to providing furttheyr updates as we advance our clinical and preclinical programs and report additional data from our 729 and 836 clinical trials at upcoming medical conferences. And with that said, thank you very much. And operator, thank you for your assistance. That concludes our call. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.