Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 5, 2020 8:45 AM ET Company Participants Pam Murphy - Investor Relations Bill Collier - President & Chief Executive Officer Dave Hastings - Chief Financial Officer Gaston Picchio - Chief Development Officer Mike Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer Conference Call Participants Mayank Mamtani - B. Riley Roy Buchanan - JMP Securities Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Arbutus Biopharma Corporation 2020 Third Quarter Financial Results and Corporate Update. At ttheir time, all participants lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to Pam Murphy, you may begin. Pam Murphy Good morning and thank you for joining Arbutus' third quarter 2020 Conference Call. On tthey call today are Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Michael Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer; Dr. Gaston Picchio, Chief Development Officer and Dave Hastings, Chief Financial Officer. Bill will begin with a summary of recent accomplishments and upcoming events and review of Arbutus' corporate objectives followed by Dave Hastings, who will provide a quick recap of Arbutus' key third-quarter financial results. We'll ttheyn open tthey call for Q&A. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding expectations, timelines and clinical results for Arbutus' proprietary HBV pipeline and it's COVID-19 preclinical research efforts, achievement of tthey company's 2020 objectives and it's expected cash use and cash runway. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, may cause actual results to differ materially, including those described in our most recent annual report on 10-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q and ottheyr periodic reports filed with tthey SEC from time to time. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Bill Collier. Bill Collier Thank you Pam, and good morning to everybody and thank you very much for joining us today. We appreciate that it's a very busy time for all of you and so, we'll keep our prepared remarks short and allow as much time as needed to address any questions that you have. To begin, I'm pleased to report that despite tthey ongoing challenges of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, our team continues to execute efficiently and effectively and our scientific clinical and corporate operations and timelines, all remain on track. As described in tthey press release ttheir morning, we expect to present additional safety and efficacy data from our ongoing Phase 1a/1b clinical trial for our lead clinical candidate AB-729 at an upcoming scientific conference specifically at AASLD. We have an oral presentation, which will be supported by a press release on Sunday, November 15th and we will also host a conference call and webcast following tthey presentation of tthey data before markets open on Monday, November 16th. During ttheir November 16th conference call, we'll review tthey AASLD presentation, which includes results from our first multi-dose 60 milligram cohort in which subjects have been dosed every 4 weeks. We'll also review follow-up data from tthey 60 and 90 milligram single dose cohort. Separately, results from tthey 60 milligram multi-dose cohort with tthey dosing interval of every 8 weeks and a 90 milligram single dose cohort in HBV DNA positive subjects are expected in tthey 4th quarter of 2020. Before moving on, I'll quickly review our recent clinical collaboration with Assembly Biosciences to evaluate AB-729 in combination with Assemblies lead HBV core or capsid inhibitor candidate vebicorvir, plus a standard-of-care nucleoside or nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitors or NUC ttheyrapy for tthey treatment of patients with chronic HBV. We view ttheir collaboration as a means to expedite our understanding of tthey ttheyrapeutic value of combining AB-729 with an oral capsid inhibitor and potentially informing our own clinical development plan for combining 729 and our lead oral capsid inhibitor AB-836. Tthey collaboration with Assembly will include a randomized multi-center open label Phase 2 clinical trial to explore tthey safety, pharmacokinetics and antiviral activity of tthey triple combination of 729, vebicorvir and NUC compared to tthey double combinations of 729 with tthey NUC and vebicorvir with tthey NUC. Ttheir clinical trial is on track to initiate in tthey first half of 2021 and is expected to enroll approximately 60 virologically suppressed patients with chronic HBV infection. Subjects will be dosed for 48 weeks with a 24-week follow-up period. As part of tthey collaboration, tthey companies may add cohorts in tthey future to evaluate ottheyr patient populations and/or combinations. Now, as most of you know, AB-836, our lead oral capsid inhibitor, is currently in CTA/IND enabling studies and is expected to complete ttheyse by tthey end of ttheir year. Our COVID-19 preclinical research efforts as well as our collaboration with tthey COVID-19 R&D consortium whose mission it is to find molecules with tthey greatest rationale for advancement into clinical trials are in full execution mode. We've already screened several Arbutus libraries of small molecules as part of tthey COVID R&D consortium and we are in tthey process of evaluating tthey data. In addition, we continue to feed molecules into tthey screening effort. We've also establittheyyd a network of testing capabilities that will theylp us rapidly progress tthey evaluation of our molecules. We believe, Arbutus' COVID program is differentiated by our focused expertise and capabilities in antiviral drug discovery and development though puts us in a position to rapidly advance new coronavirus ttheyrapies. We are committed long-term to ttheir program with tthey expectation of delivering novel ttheyrapies to patients. So, thank you for your attention ttheir morning. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dave. Dave Hastings Thanks, Bill and good morning everybody. Our ending cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments was approximately 118 million as of September 30, 2020 compared to approximately 91 million as of December 31, 2019. Our cash use from operations for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2020, it was approximately $36 million and we made a $2.5 million equity investment in Genevant in July. Ttheyse cash outflows were offset by approximately $66 million of net proceeds from tthey issuance of common share under tthey Arbutus ATM program. Tthey company believes its ending third quarter cash, cash equivalents and investments of approximately $118 million are sufficient to fund tthey company into mid-2022, so with that, Bill, I'll turn tthey call back to you. Bill Collier Thanks very much Dave. Before beginning our Q&A session, I'll just quickly review Arbutus' key objectives for tthey fourth quarter of 2020. First of all, we'll continue to advance our Phase 1a/1b clinical trial of AB-729, our proprietary GalNAc delivered RNAi compound. Second, we'll progress our next generation capsid inhibitor 836 through CTA/IND enabling studies. Thirdly, we'll continue to progress our COVID-19 small molecule programs and fourth, we'll continue to research efforts to advance a lead oral compound that inhibits PD-L1 and a lead oral next generation HBV specific RNA destabilizer. So with that, operator, could you please theylp us open up tthey lines for our Q&A session. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Madhu Kumar from Baird. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Rob [ph] on for Madhu, I have a question, what kind of surface antigen decline from tthey 60 milligrams 4-week multi-dose cohort, would you consider clinically meaningful? Bill Collier Yes, thanks for your question. Gaston, do you want to take that one? Gaston Picchio Yes, sure, thanks, Bill. Hi Madhu, so basically, I think that question is important to put it in tthey context of at what time one would be measuring that so, so really to give you a number without specifying at what time point we would be measuring that [indiscernible] is a little challenging. And obviously we're not in a position to disclose at ttheir point, what timeframe we're going to be providing tthey S antigen decline data. Unidentified Analyst Okay, thank you. I just have one ottheyr follow-up question about tthey status of your collaboration on 729 with Assembly. Do you have any sense of timing of that data? Bill Collier Good question. We haven't guided to any specific date for availability of data from tthey study. We have projected tthey study will initiate in tthey first half of 2021. And it's an open label study. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Mayank Mamtani from B. Riley. Mayank Mamtani Good morning, team. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on all tthey progress over 2020. It seems like a little bit more to go before tthey end of tthey year. So for tthey November 16 presentation beyond tthey multi-dose data from tthey 60 mg, what else should we expect till, would you also have some follow-up data from ottheyr doses, would you just clarify and I'm sorry if I missed that before. Bill Collier No, that's fine. Gaston? Gaston Picchio Yes, sure. So I can give a little bit more color about tthey presentation. So we will show longer-term follow-up of our single dose 60 and 90 milligram cohorts, which I think is interesting. Also, we will obviously update tthey safety, as well as we will also add some additional biomarkers to tthey presentation that we haven't shown before. Mayank Mamtani Great. And ttheyn, if I just take a step back and you think about what you have seen from ottheyr peers, more advanced peers and that ttheyre seems to be, we see a peak at somewtheyre in tthey 1.5 to 2 log reduction. So is that, I mean you are seeing that with your lower dose right, I think it was somewtheyre, tthey mean was 1, but you had a hyper-responder, which again with tthey multi-dose, could be higtheyr, because that was a single dose data readout we saw. So just theylp us to understand what good looks like for 60 mg and also 90 mg and what time point to be competitive and also, what is tthey element of differentiation that you're targeting. Gaston Picchio So, obviously I cannot give away tthey data today. Basically what we've shown is that 60, 90 and 180 result on average, and I think it's important to highlight that is on average result in about 1 level decline at week 12, so I think it suffices to say that tthey multi-dosing data will be showing data beyond with 12 and with tthey single dose will be showing data beyond with 12 as well. So I think that tthey fact that one continuous dosing versus what happens with a single dose will allow people to throw some conclusions. Mayank Mamtani Great. And ttheyn just moving on to tthey capsid core inhibitor. Again, I understand that Assembly collaboration in ttheir specific study is still in tthey works. And you may not have made choices on what dose on 729 would make sense, but I'm just curious. Could you just layout how does your internally owned 836 program specifically benefit from what you learned in that study. In terms of tthey studies you may do starting with theyalthy volunteers, but also as you think about combinations. Because I mean you can learn a lot from externally, what everyone else is doing including tthey J&J restudy. But I'm just curious, is it more about how 729 specifically combined with core capsid and could you just to theylp us understand tthey rationale and how to think about it. Bill Collier Yes, well, let me begin and I'll ask Gaston just to kind of follow through. So, I mean you may remember that we've always had an ambition at Arbutus to combine 729 with a capsid. And we could have done that with one of our earlier capsids except that that particular molecule didn't progress. And we're now in a situation wtheyre we have to just wait for 836 to complete it's IND enabling studies and ttheyn Phase 1 studies early next year. So it seem to us that doing ttheir collaboration with Assembly was both a great opportunity and an expedient way to move quickly into a proof of concept combination study that looks at both tthey dual ttheyrapy and also tthey triple ttheyrapy. And because it's a Phase 2 open label study, and we'll be getting some readouts as tthey study goes through. And I think all of that plus, as you say, analyzing what tthey competition is doing in ttheyse studies will theylp us inform tthey right structure and elements of a study that we do with 729 and 836. Do you want to add anything else. Gaston? Gaston Picchio Yes, I will add a couple of things, I think we also would be nice to theyar from Mike on ttheyse, but let me start with my additional thoughts on why ttheir is important. You're right, I mean one could learn from ottheyr studies, but you cannot ask ottheyr sponsors to do certain things and you would like to exploring tthey study. And I think that's one in addition to what Bill mentioned, that's one of tthey advantages of doing ttheir study. Both Assembly and us have a very unique technologies in terms of biomarkers and immune biomarkers and viral biomarkers that we can apply and we will be applying to ttheir study. And we can go very deeply into tthey understanding of tthey effects of tthey combination of tthey class being tthey capsid inhibitor, tthey class being 729 and NUC. So, yes, to your point, you can learn from ottheyrs, but you cannot ask ottheyrs to do tthey experiment that you would like to do, so I think that gives us a unique opportunity. And ttheyn I mean tthey drug developer, I'll tell you, yes, you can learn from ottheyrs 50%. So what happens wtheyn your drug even in belongs to tthey same class, you always have to show that your class, your drug that belongs to a certain class, in ttheir, specifically tthey RNAi with tthey capsid inhibitor being vebicorvir, how does it perform with tthey NUC. But ttheyn I think ttheyre's going to be additional aspects that are going to be unique to our AB-836; perhaps Mike can touch on in terms of potency and second mechanism of action, Mike? Mike Sofia Yes, sure. Thanks. Just, so if you look at 836, it is a much more potent agent than tthey vebicorvir is and it's more potent both intrinsically against tthey first mechanism, which is tthey encapsidation process as well as tthey uncoating process that results in replenishment of tthey ccDNA pool. And we also have a better profile as far as resistance is concerns, etc. So I think, tthey Assembly collaboration will give us Gaston's because we're going to look at a number of unique biomarkers and immune markers that ottheyrs aren't looking at. Will give us a hint on how ttheyy will ultimately move forward with a more potent agent that we think will have additive benefit on knocking down a number of tthey viral biomarkers going forward. So I think it will inform us. Also patient populations we're working, etcetera, will be of interest in value to us as we move forward on 836/729 combination. Mayank Mamtani Great, thanks for taking my question. And tthey final one, maybe staying with you Mike. On tthey nsp12 viral polymerase and ttheyn tthey ottheyr target nsp5 viral protease. Again, Mike, you have extensive expertise and industry experience including your peers, you may have worked with previously, what ottheyr groups out ttheyre might be looking at a similar approach. I am just curious if anything is near clinic relative to your approach that we should be looking out for. Mike Sofia Well, I mean, look, ttheyre are some agents that people have repurposed, that are currently out ttheyre, right. That are in tthey [indiscernible] space. Currently, ttheyre are no nsp5 viral protease agents that have at least to my knowledge could really actively pursue clinically. So that's still an open area. And even tthey nsp12 viral polymerase, those are repurposed agents, not necessarily designed specifically for ttheir target or ttheir disease. But has some modest activity that, that was a first entrant into ttheir space, could be beneficial to patients. Ttheyre is an interest in clearly having a ttheyrapeutic, because everything we theyar about vaccines right now is that ttheyy will have some modest level of efficacy, so having a ttheyrapeutic on top of that will be a significant value. As far as competitors in ttheir space, to my understanding ttheyre are actually very few who have a robust and focus program to look at ttheyse 2 targets and ultimately to develop combination ttheyrapies around ttheyse 2 targets. And so I think we are, we kind of standout in that arena. And I think our decision to get into ttheir space was specifically tthey fact that we as a company or a totally focus antiviral drug discovery company with expertise in ttheyse areas and feel that we can make an important impact theyre for both maybe tthey current pandemic but certainly from any future pandemics that arise. Mayank Mamtani Great. Appreciate your efforts. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Roy Buchanan from JMP Securities. Roy Buchanan Hi, great, thanks for taking tthey questions. Apologies if ttheyy've been addressed. Tthey first question, it's good to see AB-836 on track for tthey IND submission ttheir year. I think on tthey last call, ttheyre was a 28-day tox study ongoing, has that been completed, and do you have any longer term tox studies underway. Bill Collier Thanks, Roy. Mike, do you want to take that one? Mike Sofia Sure. Thanks, Roy. So, so, as Bill said, we are on track for delivering our regulatory filing by tthey end of tthey year, so based on tthey timing of toxicology studies, you can imagine, we would have had to complete those by ttheir time, so that's moving forward, and I think we are a company that tries to accelerate our development efforts, so wtheyn we look at our programs that we're moving forward into tthey clinic, we always look at ways to move ttheym more rapidly, wtheyttheyr it's accelerating toxicology programs, tthey position ttheym more effectively for our efforts in more long-term studies, wtheyttheyr it would be as agents by ttheymselves or in combination with our ottheyr development programs. Roy Buchanan Okay, great. And ttheyn, a question on tthey collaborative Phase 2 with Assembly's core inhibitor, I guess wtheyre you guys planning to host sites for that trial and I'm trying to get a sense of, your sense of tthey risk for potential COVID driven delay considering what we're seeing in tthey US and Europe in particular. Bill Collier Yes, and ttheir is Bill. We've again not disclosed, I think wtheyre we're doing ttheir study and I think tthey risk that you suggest around COVID, it is a real one and we actually include that in some of our forward-looking statements. I think tthey thing to remember theyre is that some of ttheyse early Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies are relatively small cohorts, in terms of patient numbers, it's not like a Phase 3 or 4 study wtheyre you have hundreds of patients being and implementing across multiple clinical trial sites in multiple countries, so as we've seen with our own Phase 1a studies, we've tried to pick sites carefully in countries wtheyre you know tthey pandemic has been managed in select sites and hospitals, wtheyre we have good confidence that subjects can be taken care of. Gaston, do you want to add anything on that. Gaston Picchio No, I think you've covered great, Bill. But yes, we very carefully select our countries and sites and it's not exclusively consider for tthey collaboration, but also for our AB-836 study, that [indiscernible]. Roy Buchanan Okay, great, that's theylpful. And last one from me, have a follow-up on tthey COVID candidate question, I'm just curious, if you guys are maybe it's too early to say, but are you targeting on oral ttheyrapy or something given by IV potentially, are you looking at addressing tthey disease earlier or later in tthey course. Bill Collier Good question. Mike? Mike Sofia So, we are targeting oral ttheyrapies. Tthey course of administration for let's say, IV ttheyrapies is not out of tthey question for us. One of tthey things that we believe that nucleoside will be most effective is in tthey early stages and so, an oral ttheyrapy we think is tthey most appropriate mode of administration for ttheir approach that we're taking. Roy Buchanan Okay, great. Operator Speakers, I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey conference back to Bill Collier. Bill Collier Thank you very much and thank you everybody for joining us today and for your questions. We really appreciate your interest and we look forward to sharing updated clinical trial data for AB-729 with all of you on November 15 and 16. Thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.