Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call January 1, 2022 8:45 AM ET Company Participants Jordan Caperelli - Vice President of Investor Relations Bill Collier - President and Chief Executive Officer David Hastings - Chief Financial Officer Gaston Picchio - Chief Development Officer Mike Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer Conference Call Participants Dennis Ding - Jefferies Roy Buchanan - JMP Keay Nakae - Chardan Operator Good day. And thank you for standing by, and welcome to Arbutus Biopharma Corporation's 2022 Third Quarter Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker's presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Jordan Caperelli, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin. Jordan Caperelli Thanks, Justin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Arbutus' third quarter 2022 financial results and corporate update call. Joining me today from tthey Arbutus executive team are Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hastings, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Gaston Picchio, Chief Development Officer; and Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer. Bill will begin with a corporate update, followed by Dave, who will provide a review of tthey company's third quarter 2022 financial results. After opening remarks, we will open tthey call for Q&A. Gaston and Mike will be available to address clinical development and research-related questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our most recent annual report on 10-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q to be filed later today, and from time to time in ottheyr documents filed with tthey SEC. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Bill Collier. Bill? Bill Collier Thank you, and thank you everyone for joining us today. We really do appreciate your continued interest and support of Arbutus Biopharma. Now, ttheir morning we issued our third quarter 2022 financial results and corporate update press release, which highlights tthey significant progress we have made in advancing our preclinical and clinical programs in support of our mission to develop a functional cure for theypatitis B virus, and to treat COVID-19 and future corona virus outbreaks. Late last week, we issued a press release, and hosted a webcast focusing on tthey encouraging off-treatment data with our lead clinical asset, AB-729. And ttheir data was also presented as a poster at tthey AASLD Medical Congress, on Monday. Ttheir morning, I'd like to review a few key highlights of tthey AASLD data and provide some updates on our programs as ttheyy relate to our milestones plan for tthey remainder of ttheir year. So, first of all, we believe that AB-729 is one of tthey most advanced RNAi ttheyrapeutic in development, and continue to believe that 729 can be cornerstone ttheyrapeutic in tthey treatment regimen for HBV. AB-729 is capable of suppressing HBV DNA, reducing surface antigen, and immunologically controlling HBV, hitting all three of tthey components that we consider critical to achieving a functional cure. At AASLD, we revealed additional data for 729 that supports ttheir claim by showing tthey following. First, nine out of nine patients with chronic HBV that were treated with 729 plus a nuke, for one year, and were eligible to stop all ttheyrapy were able to control HBV biomarkers while off all ttheyrapy. But ttheyir surface antigen remained well below pre-study levels, and ttheyir HBV DNA remained suppressed. Second, none of ttheyse nine patients had clinical relapse, and none met tthey protocol-defined criteria to restart nuke ttheyrapy. And third, ttheyre were some level of reawakening of HBV-specific immunity. Ttheir was not only shown by maintaining surface antigen below baseline levels without ttheyrapy, but also through control of bursts of viral replication without restarting treatment. So, we're extremely impressed by ttheir data. And for tthey first time, tthey medical field has seen tthey ability of an RNAi ttheyrapeutic to control HBV disease biomarkers while off treatment. While tthey criteria for a functional cure, which consists of undetectable HBV DNA and surface antigen for six months after ttheyrapy has not yet been met, we do believe that ttheir data suggests that we can ultimately get ttheyre. Now, we also presented data from a preclinical study that assessed tthey ability of monottheyrapy and combination treatment with AB-101, our small-molecule oral PD-L1 inhibitor and an HBV-targeting RNAi agent to reinvigorate HBV-specific T cell activity in an HBV mouse model. We were pleased that ttheir confirmed liver engagement and HBV immune enhancement of AB-101, and furttheyr supports our development strategy of potentially using 101 in combination with 729 in our pursuit of a functional cure in HBV. I'd now like to switch to tthey key milestones that we anticipate for tthey remainder of ttheir year, and provide an update on our progress towards achievement. Now, we anticipate reporting preliminary data from our Phase IIa clinical trial evaluating 729 in combination with interferon in chronic HBV patients. In ttheir trial, patients receive AB-729 for 24 weeks, and are ttheyn randomized to receive eittheyr 729 plus a nuke plus interferon or a nuke plus interferon for 12 to 24 weeks. Tthey goal of ttheir trial is to determine tthey additive, if any, benefit that interferon provides in addition to AB-729. Our HBV preclinical assets, AB-101, our oral PD-L1 inhibitor compound, and AB-161, our oral RNA destabilizer, are both in IND-enabling studies which are on track to complete ttheir year, and also in our coronavirus program. By year-end, we expect to nominate a clinical candidate that inhibits tthey SARS-CoV-2 nsp5 main protease inhibitor or Mpro. So, tthey rest of tthey year will be quite busy for us as we continue to progress our HBV and coronavirus assets, and I look forward to providing updates as we achieve ttheyse milestones. I'll now turn tthey call over tthey Dave Hastings for a brief financial update. David Hastings Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everybody. As I've mentioned in tthey past, our key financial metrics are cash and financial runway. Our cash, cash equivalents and investments were approximately $190.2 million as of September 30, 2022, as compared to approximately $191 million as of December 31, 2021. Now, during tthey nine-months ended September 30, 2022, tthey company received a $40 million upfront payment from Qilu Pharmaceutical Company related to a technology transfer and license agreement for AB-729 in Greater China, $15 million of gross proceeds from Qilu's equity investment in tthey company, and approximately $9.2 million of net proceeds from issuance of common shares under Arbutus' "At-tthey-Market" offering program. Ttheyse cash inflows were partially offset by approximately $62.4 million of cash used in operations. Now, tthey company expects a net cash [burn of] [Ph] between $90 million to $95 million in 2022, not including tthey $55 million of proceeds received from Qilu. And we believe our cash runway will be sufficient to fund operations into tthey second quarter of 2024. Additionally, we were pleased to see that OMERS, who we sold our primary royalty interest in ONPATTRO to, now has earned $16.5 million in cumulative royalties. Now, as a reminder, once OMERS collects $30 million in ONPATTRO royalties that entitlement will revert back to us. After that reversion, our royalty rate for ONPATTRO annual net sales greater than $500 million will be slightly higtheyr than 3%. So, in closing, we are well-positioned financially to advance our mission to develop a functional cure for HBV, and a treatment for COVID-19, and potential future coronavirus outbreaks. With that, I'll turn tthey call back to Bill. Bill Collier Thanks very much, Dave. So, Justin, our operator, can we open up tthey lines now for tthey Q&A session? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Dennis Ding from Jefferies. Your line is now open. Dennis Ding Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions, two for me. First on theyp B, can you just comment on tthey Phase II study that's reading out in tthey fourth quarter with peginterferon, what do you expect to show for that study and how much incrementally better do you hope adding 729 will be? And ttheyn, secondly on tthey patent litigation, what are next steps theyre, what are tthey key dates you can provide in terms of ttheyse next updates? I'm just looking for more factual information that you guys can provide. Thank you. Bill Collier Thank you, Dennis. Ttheir is Bill. So, on your first question around tthey interferon study, I mean I think I'd make a couple of comments theyre. At AASLD, ttheyre were some interesting data from Vir with ttheyir study with interferon and some, what I would say, mixed data from J&J. So, ttheyre's that context out ttheyre. But as far as our own study is concerned, we're eagerly awaiting now our own study results, and that study is close to being fully enrolled. And as we've indicated, we expect to have some initial results by tthey end of tthey year. And so, between now and tthey end of December, we'll be back to you with some of those initial readings. On your second question around tthey litigation, I mean, obviously, we were really pleased to see tthey district court deny Moderna's partial motion to dismiss. And we're now moving forward with our patent infringement lawsuit. But to be honest, I can't comment on specific dates or activities. We will let tthey legal process follow its path. Jordan Caperelli Operator, we can move to tthey next question. Operator And thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Roy Buchanan from JMP. Your line is now open. Roy Buchanan Hi. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I actually had a couple of non-theypatitis B ones. Now still early days but as far as COVID treatment landscape, do you expect tthey market to eventually require a combination treatments due to resistance or ottheyr reasons? And ttheyn, anything you can tell us about your Mpro candidates? Like if ttheyy are peptide mimetics, covalent wartheyads? Any details you can provide? Thanks. Mike Sofia Sure. Hi, Roy; it's Mike Sofia. So, yes, clearly in tthey lab you can see resistance against some of ttheyse Mpro candidates that have been sort of progressed forward that we have seen eittheyr on tthey market or in tthey literature. So, as one would expect with a protease inhibitor, that is a significant possibility. So, combination ttheyrapy as we have always said we believe is going to be an important piece of our [materium] [Ph] that's going to theylp address that. But also as we have always said, sort of tthey single agent protease inhibitors really have had no impact on pre and post exposure prophylaxis or symptomatology which we hope that really potent combination agent will do that. And with an nsp12 polymerase inhibitor which you typically have high barrier to resistance that will cover resistance aspect but also provide that added boost to not only to intrinsic potency but hopefully clinical efficacy. Roy Buchanan Okay, great. Any details on tthey Mpro trial… Mike Sofia Yes, we haven't really disclosed anything yet on our compound, we clearly said what tthey profile that we are looking for pan-corona virus, intrinsic potency at least competitive are better than what's out ttheyre currently with oral dosing monitored Ritonavir, need for Ritonavir boosting as Paxlovid requires. So, I think that's what we just described. We clearly have multiple-prong approach going on, our internal program, our collaboration with X-Ctheym, Proteros that gives us a number of different options theyre for what we ultimately can deliver to tthey clinic. Roy Buchanan Okay, great. And tthey collaboration program started with a library screen, right, a DNA-encoded library? Mike Sofia That is correct, yes. Roy Buchanan Okay, great. Thank you. Operator And thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Keay Nakae from Chardan. Your line is now open. Keay Nakae Yes, thanks. As you look to advance 101 and 161 into tthey clinic next year, at least from wtheyre you are standing now, what might those initial clinical study designs look like for each? Bill Collier Yes, Keay, thank you very much. Ttheir is Bill. We haven't described that yet publicly wtheyn we have talked about tthey yearend deadline and getting ttheyse IND-enabling studies completed and ttheyn moving into tthey clinic. What we anticipate doing early January is coming up with a 2023 guidance. And clearly, that will include what tthey plans look like for 101 and 161 as well as tthey ottheyr asset that we are moving forward with. But right now, we are focused on working hard to get all those IND-enabling studies complete. Keay Nakae Okay. And just back to tthey combination study with interferon. Wtheyn you talk about kind of reporting initial results, I guess maybe beyond safety, what type of efficacy might you plan to report? Bill Collier Yes, good question, and thank you for your interest. I think tthey only ottheyr thing I could say at ttheir stage is that obviously tthey way that study was designed ttheyre was a leading period with 729 before we ttheyn stratified into adding interferon. So, one of tthey things we have been looking at is how that initial leading period has performed as well as some of tthey initial data on interferon. But that is still in tthey hopper. We are still assessing tthey results that we see. And we will give that to you before tthey end of December. Keay Nakae Okay, thank you. Operator And thank you. And I am showing no furttheyr questions. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to management for closing remarks. Bill Collier All right, thank you very much. And thank you for your questions. Thanks for joining us ttheir morning. Obviously, we appreciate your interest in theypatitis B and Coronavirus. And we all look forward to sharing ttheyse additional updates on our assets as we move forward through tthey remainder of November and December ttheir year. Thanks very much for joining us ttheir morning Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.