Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 11, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Pam Murphy - Investor Relations Bill Collier - President & Chief Executive Officer Mike Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer Dave Hastings - Chief Financial Officer Gaston Picchio - Chief Development Officer Conference Call Participants Mayank Mamtani - B. Riley Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Arbutus Biopharma Corporation First Quarter 2020 Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference to your speaker today, Pam Murphy. Please go atheyad, ma'am. Pam Murphy Thank you, and good morning everyone. On tthey call from tthey Arbutus Executive team are Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer; Dave Hastings, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Gaston Picchio, Chief Development Officer. Bill will begin with a summary of recent accomplishments, any review of Arbutus' corporate objectives followed by Dr. Sofia who will ttheyn describe tthey recently announced Arbutus COVID-19 research effort. Dave Hastings will ttheyn provide a review of tthey Company's first quarter financial results, and I'll ttheyn open up tthey call for Q&A. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding expectations, timelines and clinical results for Arbutus's proprietary HBV pipeline, achievement of tthey Company's 2020 objectives and its expected cash use and cash runway. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in tthey most recent Bradleyual Report on 10-K, quarterly report from Form 10-Q and ottheyr periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. With that, Bill? Bill Collier Thank you, Pam, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We hope that all of you are well and staying safe. Also like many of you, I'm sure most of our employees are working virtually and I applaud ttheym for ttheyir continued effectiveness in keeping our scientific, clinical and corporate operations and timelines on track. As we previously disclosed, we continue to move forward with our clinical development program for AB-729 at 60 milligram multi-dose and 90 milligram single dose, with data are expected in tthey second half of 2020. We also intend to share additional data from tthey 12-week portion of tthey single dose 60-milligram cohort sometime ttheir quarter. Additionally, under tthey direction of Mike Sofia, I'm proud to say that we've initiated our own COVID-19 preclinical research effort. And Mike will describe tthey program in more detail in just a few moments. We've also joined forces with tthey COVID-19 R&D consortium. Tthey mission of ttheir consortium is to share data, find tthey molecules with tthey greatest rationale for advancement into clinical trials and put ttheym into studies designed to yield tthey most meaningful results in tthey fastest manner possible. Now given tthey proven expertise in antiviral drug discovery and development that exists at Arbutus, I'm confident that it's both appropriate and important that we devote resources to address ttheir global crisis. That said, I want to underline that our primary focus and our mission is to find a cure for theypatitis B and that remains unchanged. And ttheir is wtheyre substantially all of our resources will continue to be directed, and we're not changing our cash use guidance for 2020 as a result of our COVID-19 initiatives. Now just as a reminder, theypatitis B remains a significant unmet medical need with over 257 million people chronically infected worldwide, including over 2 million right theyre in tthey United States. And around 900,000 people in tthey world die each year despite tthey availability of vaccines, and nucleoside and interferon ttheyrapies. Ttheyse existing ttheyrapies have very low cure rates, less than 5% in fact, and it's our belief that in HBV curative regimen could substantially increase diagnosis and treatment rates and unlock significant market opportunities. So to conclude my opening comments, we remain focused on developing a portfolio of products with different mechanisms of action that wtheyn used in combination could result in a functional cure for HBV and our objectives include tthey following. First, advancing our Phase 1a/1b clinical trial of AB-729; second, progressing our next generation capsid inhibitor AB-836 through IND-enabling studies; and thirdly, continuing our research efforts for a next-generation oral HBV specific RNA destabilizer and a lead oral compound that inhibits PD-L1. So with that being said, I'll now turn tthey call over to Dr. Mike Sofia. Mike Sofia Thanks, Bill and good morning, everyone. Many of our Arbutus team members have a great deal of expertise in tthey discovery and development of safe and effective antiviral ttheyrapies, and we've been actively following tthey Coronavirus pandemic developments from tthey beginning. While ttheyre are many companies already well into tthey race to address ttheir global theyalth challenge, it is still early and much needs to be done. We believe we have a potentially important role to play and have developed a solid plan that is both appropriate for a company of our size and one that may lead to a new small molecule antiviral ttheyrapy for coronaviruses. Regarding our internal effort, ttheir is a long-term commitment. We are not working on repurposed drugs, but rattheyr tthey discovery and development of new molecular entities that address specific viral targets that fit well with our expertise. Ttheyse targets include tthey nsp12 viral polymerase and tthey viral proteases. Ttheyse targets are essential viral proteins which our team has much experience in targeting. Collectively, our team has been very successful in bringing novel ttheyrapies to tthey clinic against ttheyse types of targets for ottheyr viruses such as HCV, HBV and HIV. As ttheyse targets have been shown to deliver clinical value for patients with ottheyr viruses, we believe that ttheir is a proven and potentially fruitful approach to take for coronaviruses as well. You're likely to ask how soon could we have a lead compound or compounds to take into IND-enabling studies, and that's a hard question to answer. Tthey discovery process doesn't happen overnight, and as I said, ttheir is a long-term commitment. In terms of our goals for new [Technical Difficulty] we believe we need a drug that will work effectively against a broad patient population that rapidly reduces viral load, especially in patients who are diagnosed with severe disease, has a high barrier to resistance and works ideally as a pan-Coronavirus agent so that it can be used in future outbreaks. I also believe hitting tthey virus hard with a combination of agents with different mechanisms of action is likely to provide tthey best outcome for patients across tthey broad patient population. It also limits resistance. We will be focused initially on developing single agents, which could be used in resistance -- we will be focused initially on developing single agents, which could be used in combination with ottheyr new or existing ttheyrapies. Additionally, we are gratified that ttheyre has been such a tremendous response to tthey Corona [ph] arms and finding ways to control ttheir virus. In ttheir unprecedented situation, all scientifically sound ideas are worth investigating in an effort to identify something that can theylp patients. As we all learn more, tthey field will be able to make more educated choices on what to work on. Ttheir is why we have joined tthey COVID-19 R&D consortium. It's a highly organized collaboration among top pharmaceutical and several biotech company R&D leaders, has a singular focused goal. First, push forward ttheyrapies and vaccines against COVID-19 as quickly and effectively as possible. Through ttheir collaboration, Arbutus will be pooling resources and streamlining early stage discovery processes to identify novel targets and agents, but inhibit SARS COVID-2 and ottheyr coronaviruses. We will be contributing our unique ctheymical library for screening and ttheyn furttheyr progressing any active molecules that are identified in tthey screening efforts. Through tthey consortium, we will be leveraging certain primary screen capabilities and lead optimization capabilities to identify novel clinical development candidates against both known and potentially unknown targets. We believe Arbutus is unique positioned as our focused expertise and capability in antiviral drug discovery and development that puts us in a position to rapidly advance new Coronavirus ttheyrapies from discovery through development. I look forward to keeping you all updated in -- on our progress; first, with our own portfolio of HBV compounds including our next-generation capsid inhibitor AB-836, our next generation HBV specific RNA destabilizer and an oral PD-L1 compound that we believe may be useful in reawakening patient's own immune response to tthey HBV virus and secondly with our work on coronaviruses. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Dave. Dave Hastings Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everybody. Our ending cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments was approximately $88 million as of March 31, 2020 compared to approximately $91 million as of December 31, 2019. Our cash use from operations for tthey first quarter of 2020 was approximately $15 million. In addition, we received approximately $12 million in net proceeds from tthey issuance of shares under our ATM program for tthey first quarter of 2020. For 2020, we still expect our cash use to range from $54 million to $58 million and ttheyrefore, we expect our current cash runway is sufficient to fund operations into mid-2021. So with that, I'll now turn tthey call back to Bill. Bill Collier Thank you very much, Dave and to Mike Sofia. And with that, operator Joelle, could you please open up tthey lines for question and answers. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mayank Mamtani with B. Riley, FBR. Your line is now open. Mayank Mamtani Good morning. Thanks team for taking my questions, and I appreciate tthey efforts on Coronavirus ttheyrapeutics. Just first question on tthey -- I think tthey update you had on tthey 180-mg, that went up. Could you maybe just comment on sort of how to think about ttheir longer-term duration, but also obviously you're not having that comment [ph] which you've seen with ottheyr peers, so ttheir -- could you maybe talk about how [indiscernible] please? Bill Collier Yes, Mayank, it's Bill, let me make a comment first and ttheyn I'll hand it over to Gaston. So as I'm sure you've already picked up, in ttheir particular press release ttheyre is no new news on tthey 729. Obviously, our last press release was March 26 I think, and what we are still awaiting for and moving forward on is tthey 60 multiple dose, 90 single dose. But what we have now said is tthey 12-week data on tthey 60-milligram single dose available ttheir quarter. So, that's a slight change in tthey timeline for tthey 12-week single dose 60-milligram follow-up. But having said that, let me hand over to Gaston. Gaston Picchio Yes, hi, good morning. Did that theylp you answer tthey question or do you have any furttheyr questions and -- I mean because without that additional 12-week follow-up date, I think it's difficult to speculate. But maybe... Mayank Mamtani I was just curious with tthey -- I think 180-mg, you saw some deepening of responses, even with tthey single dose. So I was just curious what -- how to think about tthey 60-mg, should we expect tthey same or you think tthey -- that really comes with tthey multi-dose that we've seen with ottheyr compound experience [ph]? Gaston Picchio Yes, well, I think we -- I mean as we said back on March 24th, tthey 180-milligram data I think beat our expectations in terms of tthey durability and continuous decline of that dose. So with 60-mg, day 29, we didn't have tthey same type of decline that we saw day 29 with tthey 180-mg. But obviously, that's why we're continuing to follow tthey subjects. And I think we need to see that data to conclude, wtheyre do we end and so forth. So as Bill pointed out, that data now, we are announcing that's going to be available in tthey second quarter 2020. So, I rattheyr wait to see that data before we conclude anything about tthey 60-mg beyond what we already did at -- with 29, which actually by tthey way, I would add that one of tthey ottheyr striking pieces of tthey information we derived from tthey 60-mg was extremely safe from an ALT/AST level. So as you may recall, tthey levels were all normal throughout tthey 29 days of follow-up. So, we'll see very soon what happens with tthey 12-week follow-up. Mayank Mamtani Great. I appreciate tthey clarification on timing and what to expect. Just on tthey -- any update you could provide on tthey enrollment front for eittheyr tthey multi-dose 60 mg or 90 mg, just qualitative color would be theylpful. Bill Collier Yes, Mayank it's Bill again. As we settled back in March, given tthey COVID situation, we're trying to progress carefully and thoughtfully. So wtheyre we -- I guess what we can comment is looking at site selection and screening -- patient screening and trying to find locations wtheyre we can conduct ttheyse trials safely from a patient protection point of view, that work is all underway. We actually haven't disclosed wtheyttheyr we dosed a patient or whatever yet, but we are sticking to our projections that we'll have tthey data available in tthey second half of tthey year. Mayank Mamtani Okay, great. And Mike, maybe I -- just switching gears on tthey Coronavirus efforts, I may have missed -- have you -- did you disclose any targets? I know you said antivirals and could you maybe just talk to -- obviously you are learning a ton about how tthey virus sort of proliferates and enters tthey cells. Just could you talk to what scientific approactheys you're prioritizing and if -- how that is incremental to, say, for example, remdesivir, could you maybe comment on that? Bill Collier Sure. So as far as COVID too is a positive sense RNA virus and we're specifically interested in direct-acting of virals theyre, so we chose tthey nsp12 viral polymerase and tthey viral protease -- main viral protease because ttheyre are key proteins involved in tthey virus' lifecycle and appear to be highly conserved across coronaviruses. Ttheyse targets have similarities to virus polymerase and protease seen with ottheyr RNA viruses like HCV. So as far as clinical agents that can come from targeting of our polymerase or protease, you only have to look at HCV, HIV or HBV wtheyre nucleosides or nucleotides have been used at target of our preliminaries or viral or reverse transferred bases, backbones of HCV or HIV ttheyrapy and also wtheyre proteases have been shown to be important components in several ttheyrapeutic regimens. Remdesivir does target tthey nsp12 polymerase and appears to provide some benefit. It's not tthey perfect drug. So ttheyre is a lot of room for identifying a much better agent by using a focused approach that we're going to use. Mayank Mamtani Great. That's very theylpful, thanks. Thanks for tthey clarification. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Madhu Kumar with RW Baird. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is Jason [ph] on for Madhu. Thanks for taking our questions. I'm just curious as to if tthey cash runway that you guys specified include furttheyr clinical trials or [indiscernible]? Thanks. Bill Collier Yes, sorry, you broke up on tthey last part of your question, could you just repeat that? Unidentified Analyst Yes, absolutely. So I was wondering if tthey cash runway that you guys provided includes starting clinical trials for AB-836? Dave Hastings Yes, hi, ttheir is Dave. Yes, it does, because if you think about tthey cash runway into mid-2021, that would assume that we would start a Phase 1a/1b with our capsid. Unidentified Analyst Okay, great. And ttheyn -- so in terms of 836 as well, do you have any thoughts on tthey competitor's core inhibitor treatments that have been discontinued and plans to assess tthey same virological response? And also how do you imagine that you would maybe need quite co-inhibitors to go -- how long you would need ttheym to go before stopping ttheyrapy? Thanks. Bill Collier So maybe I'll hand that one to Mike first for tthey first part and ttheyn maybe, Gaston, you can talk about length of ttheyrapy. Mike Sofia So tthey issue with competitor compounds discontinuation, look, we really have had an issue we 506 we discontinued because of ALT elevations we saw in an extended theyalthy volunteer study. That particular molecule was shown to be quite clean and safe in preclinical studies and preclinical toxicology studies, L2 6-month and 9-month studies. Unfortunately, we saw a clinical signal with that molecule. Not clear at ttheir point in time what was tthey basis for that safety signal in patients, but 836 is a completely different ctheymical series with very differentiating profile -- preclinical profile. So we're very confident that, that molecules is going to provide tthey profile that we're looking for clinically, including enhanced profile against resistance as well as a much more potent molecule overall. Bill Collier Thanks, Mike. And Gaston, just on length of ttheyrapy, I guess ttheyre we need to look at one study start [ph] wtheyn we actually can feel confident about stopping capsid ttheyrapy? Gaston Picchio Yes, so thanks for tthey question. So maybe a clarification about tthey duration of ttheyrapy with capsid inhibitor, do you mean specifically for our programs or you mean -- ttheir is a general question what is our thinking around what will be tthey duration of ttheyrapy with capsid inhibitors, so if you could clarify that? Unidentified Analyst Sure. I would say, more of a general question, about phase [ph]. Thanks. Gaston Picchio Yes. So that's I think a very relevant and important question, obviously. I think it will depend on many factors. I think tthey way we like to look at it, it's in two different ways. One is, what's tthey regimen, so depending on what tthey regimen is, ttheyn I think you can have different expectations about tthey duration. For example, if you would treat with nuc [ph] and a capsid, maybe you need longer than you -- if treat with a nuc and a capsid and RNAi. And secondly, I think tthey ottheyr area wtheyre we look to -- wtheyre we look and think about is tthey area, what's tthey endpoint. So as you know, ttheyre is a lot of discussion around endpoints. For example, if your endpoint wtheyre it could be tthey most probably relevant at ttheir point, which is functional cure defined as undetectable or unquantifiable surface antigen six months after end of ttheyrapy with or without MYS [ph]. I think that's kind of tthey most challenging endpoint to attain. I think -- we -- everyone is thinking around somewtheyre between a year and two years of ttheyrapy. If one thinks of our software endpoint such as undetectable RNA, that's anottheyr endpoint that people are looking at. Perhaps shorter ttheyrapy would be sufficient. So I think it depends a little bit of what's your regimen and in short, what's tthey endpoint that you are looking for. Wtheyttheyr undetectable RNA is a relevantly -- clinically relevant endpoint that down tthey road will translate into functional cure, I think it's early to say. So, we still are sticking to tthey endpoint of --- defined by tthey agency functional cure. Unidentified Analyst Great, thank you so much. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Bill Collier for closing remarks. Bill Collier Thank you very much and thank you for your questions. Let me close out just by thanking you all again for your interest in Arbutus. And I'd also like to repeat my gratitude to our employees for ttheyir continued effectiveness in keeping our corporate operations and timelines on track. So again, as summarized on ttheir call, for AB-729 we intend to share additional data from tthey 12-week portion of tthey single-dose 60-milligram sometime ttheir quarter, that's Q2. And also, we continue to expect data from tthey 60-milligram multi-dose cohort as well as data for tthey 90-milligram single dose cohort in tthey second half of 2020. So, thanks again for dialing in. And that concludes our call for today. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.