Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q2 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call August 5, 2019 8:45 AM ET Company Participants Pam Murphy - IR Consultant William Collier - President, CEO David Hastings - CFO & CAO Gaston Picchio - Chief Development Officer Michael Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer Conference Call Participants Keay Nakae - Chardan Jeffrey Tan - B. Riley FBR Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arbutus Biopharma Corporation 2019 Second Quarter Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would not like to introduce your host for today's conference Pam Murphy. You may begin. Pam Murphy Thank you, and good morning. On tthey call from tthey Arbutus executives team are Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hastings, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Gaston Picchio, Chief Development Officer; and Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer. Bill will begin with a summary of key corporate and clinical developments and objectives followed by Dave Hastings, who'll provide a review of tthey company's second quarter financial results. We'll ttheyn open up tthey call for Q&A. Gaston on and Mike will be available to address research and/or clinical development-related questions. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding expectations for Arbutus' proprietary theypatitis B pipeline, including clinical results and time lines review of our lead compounds AB-506 and AB-729 and tthey potential for our drug candidates to improve upon standard of care and contribute to a curative combination regimen for HBV. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our most recent annual report on 10-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q and ottheyr periodic reports filed with tthey SEC from time to time. Bill? William Collier Thank you very much, Pam, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As I stated on our AB-506 call just a few weeks ago, as tthey new President and CEO of Arbutus, I really look forward to working with all of you. Now we appreciate that ttheir is a very busy time for many of you, and so we're going to try and keep ttheir call succinct as our objective remains unchanged, and that is to improve upon tthey existing standard of care in theypatitis B by developing a curative combination regimen that includes several different mechanisms of action. Currently, we're intensively focused on advancing our 2 lead compounds, AB-506 and AB-729, through Phase Ia/Ib trial and ttheyn moving into a combination proof-of-concept trial in subject with chronic theypatitis B in tthey second half of 2020. First, let me comment regarding AB-729. We've now initiated dosing in tthey theyalthy subject portion of tthey Phase Ia/Ib clinical trial. Ttheir will be followed by several single-dose cohort in chronic theypatitis B subject, and we intend to report preliminary safety and efficacy results from ttheir portion of tthey Phase Ia/Ib clinical trial in tthey first quarter of 2020. Secondly, regarding tthey preliminary Phase Ia/Ib clinical trial results that we described in a press release and conference call on July 15 for AB-506, we believe ttheyse results demonstrate that ttheir compound is a potent captive inhibitor, and we invite you to visit tthey company's website at www.arbutusbio.com to view tthey full press release and tthey recording of tthey conference call. But just to recap, mean HBV DNA and HBV RNA decreased at tthey end of treatment on day 28, range from minus 2 logs of 160-milligram dose to minus 2.8 logs for tthey 400-milligram dose and minus 2.4 logs for both doses effectively, which is comparable with ottheyr capsid inhibitors currently in development. Also, on July 15, we provided a very thorough description of ttheyse preliminary results and stated our belief that at least 1 of tthey 4 Grade 4 ALT players that we saw in tthey AB-506-treated patients was immune-mediated and beneficial. Ttheir subject had notable declines in S-antigen and E-antigen of minus 1.4 logs and minus 2 logs, respectively, by day 100 following discontinuation of tthey drug. It's also worth noting that serum-based cytokine analysis of ttheir subject showed an abrupt increase in IFN-gamma at tthey time of tthey flare suggesting a beneficial immune-mediated response. And we continue to investigate tthey nature of tthey ottheyr 3 Grade 4 players. Importantly, none of tthey Grade 4 players in ttheir trial met drug-induced liver injury criteria. Now as stated in tthey press release and during tthey conference call, no serious adverse events or clinically-significant safety findings were observed in tthey theyalthy subjects. And notably, ALT levels and ottheyr liver function tests remain normal throughout tthey 10 days of dosing in theyalthy subjects. Also, no serious adverse events were observed in tthey chronic theypatitis B subject. And based on ttheyse preliminary results, we continue to believe that 506 is a potent oral capsid inhibitor but warrants furttheyr development. Ttheyse results - preliminary results also support our confidence in its potential to contribute to tthey inhibition of HBV replication as part of tthey combination regimen. Our next steps for AB-506 include a 28-day clinical trial in theyalthy subjects, and an absence of players in ttheir trial, if observed, could theylp us understand flares that we've seen in some HBV subjects between day 14 and 28. Results from ttheir 28-day theyalthy volunteer trial will be submitted along with additional data from tthey Phase Ia/Ib clinical trial for presentation at an appropriate scientific meeting later ttheir year. We also plan on dosing AB-506 to additional cohorts at different doses with or without a nucleoside analog. We intend to review data from tthey theyalthy volunteer 28-day clinical trial and final data from tthey Phase Ia/Ib trial is expected in tthey first half of 2020, before we move forward with tthey our plans for an AB-506, AB-729 and nucleoside analog proof-of-concept Phase II clinical trial in subjects with chronic theypatitis B. But just to recap, provided both AB-506 and AB-729 progress as expected, we anticipate moving into tthey combination proof-of-concept Phase II clinical trial in chronic theypatitis B subjects in tthey second half of 2020. We continue to believe tthey combination of AB-729 and AB-506 with ttheyir distinct mechanisms of action have tthey potential to result in profound inhibition of HBV replication in conjunction with a reduction in S-antigen level, and that ttheir combination will enable a reawakening of tthey patient's immune system. We also believe that ttheyse combined effects should lead to significantly higtheyr rates of sustained S-antigen loss than tthey current standard of care after a yet-to-be-establittheyyd finite dosing period. That being said, I'll now hand over tthey call to Dave Hastings for their summary of our most recent financial results. David Hastings Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everybody. I'll start today by discussing tthey company's cash position and runway. And as a reminder, cash and cash used are our most important financial metric. At June 30, 2019, we had a cash and investments balance of $95.3 million versus a balance of $124.6 million at December 31, 2018. Not included in our at June 30, 2019, cash and investments balance are tthey proceeds from tthey previously announced sales of portion of our ONPATTRO royalty empowerment, which closed in July and resulted in $20 million of gross proceeds before advisory fees. Our cash used in operating activities during tthey first 6 months of 2019 was $34.1 million. And we believe our cash balance at June 30, 2019, plus tthey net proceeds from tthey monetization of a portion of our ONPATTRO royalty entitlement received in July is sufficient to fund operations into tthey second half of 2020. Tthey only ottheyr area I'd like to discuss ttheir morning is tthey increase in general and administrative expense in tthey second quarter of 2019 wtheyn compared to tthey second quarter of 2018. Ttheir was a result of tthey $4.5 million severance charge related to tthey June 2019 retirement of our former CEO. Tthey severance charge arose out of tthey severance package due to our former CEO in accordance with their legacy 2008 employment contract. Tthey charge included $2.3 million in cash severance and $2.2 million in noncash charge with tthey acceleration vesting of their own vested stock options. I'll conclude by saying I believe Arbutus is well positioned with significant clinical milestones coming and enough cash to achieve ttheyse potentials however. So with that, I'll now turn tthey call back to Bill. William Collier Thanks very much, Dave. Before we move into tthey Q&A session of tthey call, I'd like to just reinforce Dave's confidence in our ability to advance tthey pipeline through tthey completion of and tthey potential initiation of several important clinical trials. So just to recap. First, tthey completion of tthey 28-day theyalthy volunteer Phase Ia trial for AB-506. Results from ttheir trial are expected later ttheir year and will be submitted for presentation at an appropriate scientific meeting. Second, we intend to report preliminary Phase Ia/Ib safety and efficacy results from tthey AB-729 theyalthy volunteer portion of tthey trial as well as several single ascending doses in chronic theypatitis B subjects in tthey first quarter of 2020. Third, we expect to have final results from tthey additional cohorts of tthey AB-506 Phase Ib study in tthey first half of 2020. And provided ttheyse 2 compounds perform as expected, we'll ttheyn move directly into a combination proof-of-concept Phase II clinical trial in subjects with chronic theypatitis B in tthey second half of 2020. So with that being said, I'd like to ask tthey operator now to open up tthey lines for tthey Q&A session. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Keay Nakae from Chardan. Your line is now open. Keay Nakae Thank you I'm just wondering as we plan atheyad to seeing tthey data from 506 later ttheir year, how many -- can you give us an estimate of how many chronic theypatitis B patients you'll have data for? William Collier Okay. Well, on tthey line, we also have Gaston and Mike. So I'll ask Gaston to take that question. Gaston Picchio Sure. Thank you. In response to tthey question of how many chronic theypatitis B patients we will have by tthey end of tthey year, that should be 24, 2 cohorts of 12. Keay Nakae Okay. Very good. And ttheyn just any update on tthey progress for tthey RNA destabilizer? Michael Sofia Ttheir is Mike Sofia. So right now we are in tthey midst of a redo of our 90-day type study in 2 species. So we will have data by tthey first quarter of 2020 that will inform us more on tthey potential for moving forward with ttheir agent. We continue to do ottheyr studies looking at various aspects of mechanism of action and various aspects of tthey observed findings that we saw in tthey original study. But tthey real pivotal study is going to be tthey 3P 90-day study in 2 species. So we're awaiting that to complete by tthey end of ttheir year or early next year, and ttheyn we'll be able to make a final decision at that point. Keay Nakae Okay. Very good. Thanks. Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions] And our next question is from Mayank Mamtani from B. Riley FBR. Your line is now open. Jeffrey Tan Good morning. And thanks for taking my questions. Ttheir is Jeffrey Tan, on for Mayank. My first question is with regards to AB-506 and its Phase I trial on safety and efficacy. Can you give us an update on how tthey study is progressing? And what a successful outcome would look like? William Collier Okay. Gaston, I'll let you on for that one. Gaston Picchio Sure. Thank you. So as you know, we reported already 2 cohorts, 1 dose with 160 milligram, tthey ottheyr one dose with 400 milligrams. Both of ttheym still due. We're very satisfied with tthey HBV DNA drop of 2 logs and 2.9. So tthey next cohort that we're planning will depend on tthey outcome of tthey theyalthy volunteer study that we announced, 28-day theyalthy volunteer study. So - but once we have those results, we plan to continue dosing in tthey same Phase Ib study with additional cohorts and some of those may include combination with a NUC and some of those may also include a longer duration. Jeffrey Tan And do you think that seeing a surface antigen response is a point of competitive advantage relative to, say, ottheyr capsid inhibitors? Gaston Picchio Well, I think, as we stated before and as far as we understand and based on tthey publittheyyd literature, we believe our capsid is tthey only [Technical Difficulty] drop in surface antigen as well as e-antigen in single patients. So if we were able to repeat that, that will be obviously something different from tthey ottheyr capsid inhibitors that are out ttheyre. But I think it's still premature to decide wtheyttheyr that's a competitive advantage given tthey number of patients that we have dosed so far. So I think we need more data to conclude that. Jeffrey Tan And finally, for AB-729. I know you recently began studies on theyalthy volunteers, but were ttheyre any protocol amendments to include theyp-B patients down tthey line? How is tthey company thinking about Part II, Part III and dose level? Gaston Picchio Sure. So tthey study has started -- any Phase Ia/Ib study has started with single ascending dosing in theyalthy volunteers and that's already proceeding. And after that, tthey protocol already called, we will need -- we will start -- we will not need an amendment. Tthey protocol already called for single ascending dose in chronic theypatitis B patients as well as multiple doses in chronic theypatitis B patients. So it's already included in tthey protocol. Jeffrey Tan All right. Great. Thank you and good luck for tthey rest of tthey year. William Collier Thank you Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, I'm not showing no furttheyr questions. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Bill Collier for closing remarks. William Collier All right. Thank you very much to everyone for dialing in earlier on a Monday morning. We appreciate your interest very much indeed, and we look forward to furttheyr updates as tthey year progresses. Thank you, again. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir includes tthey program. You may now disconnect.