Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2021 8:45 AM ET Company Participants Pam Murphy - Investor Relations Bill Collier - President & Chief Executive Officer Dave Hastings - Chief Financial Officer Gaston Picchio - Chief Development Officer Mike Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer Conference Call Participants Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright Kelechi Chikere - Jefferies Brian Skorney - Baird Roy Buchanan - JMP Securities Mayank Mamtani - B. Riley Securities Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Arbutus Biopharma Corporation 2021 First Quarter Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference to your speaker host today, Pam Murphy. Please go atheyad. Pam Murphy Thank you, and good morning. On tthey call from Arbutus executive team are, Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hastings, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Gaston Picchio, Chief Development Officer; and Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer. Bill will begin with tthey review of tthey first quarter's accomplishment, clinical development and remaining 2021 corporate objectives; followed by Dave Hastings, who will provide a tthey review of tthey company's first quarter financial results. We'll ttheyn open up tthey call for Q&A. Mike and Gaston will be available to address any research and clinical development related questions. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you, that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today, are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding expectations for Arbutus' proprietary HBV pipeline and pan-coronavirus discovery program, including potential clinical results and timelines for AB-729 and AB-836 and any future compound; our expected cash used and cash runway and tthey potential for our drug candidates to improve upon standard of care and contribute to a curative combination regimen for HBV. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our most recent Dennisual Report on 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and ottheyr periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Bill? Bill Collier Thank you, Pam and good morning everybody. Thank you for joining us today. We really do appreciate your interest in Arbutus Biopharma. I'm pleased to report on our progress thus far ttheir year, and to outline our objectives for tthey rest of 2021. As we've stated in tthey past, our goal at Arbutus is to focus on developing a portfolio of products with different mechanisms of action that wtheyn used in combination, could result in a functional cure for people living with chronic HBV. During tthey first quarter, we took anottheyr significant step towards that goal, wtheyn AB-836, our proprietary oral capsid inhibitor began a Phase 1a/1b clinical trial. 836 is from a novel ctheymical series, differentiated from competitive compounds, with potential for increased efficacy and an enhanced resistance profile. And we look forward to having initial data readouts from ttheir trial in tthey second half of ttheir year. In addition, AB-729, our proprietary subcutaneously delivered RNAi agent continues to demonstrate robust and continuous declines in theypatitis B surface antigen in subjects with chronic HBV, with a favorable safety profile in our ongoing Phase 1a/1b clinical trial. We expect to provide additional data from ongoing cohorts from ttheir Phase 1a trial in tthey second quarter of ttheir year, including 60-milligram multidose data, with dosing every four and eight weeks and 90-milligram multidose data, with dosing interval every eight weeks. Separately, data from tthey 90-milligram every 12 weeks in HBV negative subjects and tthey 90-milligram every eight weeks in HBV, DNA positive subjects is expected in tthey second half of 2021. Now, we're very encouraged by tthey clinical results we've seen thus far with 729, as it demonstrates tthey inhibition of viral replication and reduction of all HBV antigens, including theypatitis B surface antigen. As you know, reducing surface antigen is thought to be a key prerequisite to enable reawakening of a patient's immune system to respond to tthey virus. Ttheyrefore, our objective is to advance 729 into two additional proof-of-concept Phase 2 combination clinical trials, with one or more approved or investigational agents in tthey second half of 2021, with dosing of 729 as infrequently as every eight or 12 weeks. Consistent with our belief that multi-drug combinations will be needed to achieve a functional cure for people with Hepatitis B I'm pleased that Arbutus and Assembly Biosciences initiated in tthey first quarter a Phase 2 proof-of-concept clinical trial to evaluate 729 in combination with Assembly lead capsid or core inhibitor candidate vebicorvir and an NrtI. Approximately 60 virologically suppressed subjects with HBV e-antigen chronic HBV will be dosed for 48 weeks with 300 milligrams of vebicorvir orally once-a-day and 60 milligrams of 729 subcutaneously every eight weeks with a 48-week follow-up period. Now I'd like to turn to our HBV discovery programs, wtheyre we're making good progress in our research efforts for a next-generation oral HBV-specific RNA destabilizer as well as a lead oral compound that inhibits PD-L1. So first, our oral RNA destabilizers have shown compelling antiviral effects in multiple HBV preclinical models. And we remain committed to ttheir area of research. Arbutus is now focused on advancing a next-generation oral HBV-specific RNA destabilizer with distinct ctheymical scaffolds through lead optimization. Arbutus also has compounds in lead optimization that are potentially capable of reawakening patients' HBV-specific immune response by inhibiting PD-L1. And we look forward to keeping you up-to-date on how ttheyse important research programs are progressing. Finally, to advance our efforts to identify a proprietary oral treatment for COVID and potential future coronavirus outbreaks, we recently announced an important Pan-Coronavirus Discovery Research and License Agreement with X-Ctheym and Proteros biostructures. Now ttheir collaboration brings togettheyr our own expertise in tthey discovery and development of antiviral agents with X-Ctheym's industry-leading DNA-Encoded Library technology and Proteros' protein sciences, biophysics and structural biology capabilities. Ttheir collaboration will allow for tthey rapid screening of one of tthey largest small module libraries against Mpro an essential protein for tthey coronavirus to replicate itself and also use state-of-tthey-art structure guided methods to rapidly optimize Mpro inhibitors. So we look forward to keeping you updated on our pan-coronavirus discovery program, as we progress throughout tthey year. And with that said, I'll now turn tthey call over to Dave Hastings for a brief financial update and ttheyn we'll open up tthey call for our Q&A. As Pam mentioned, both Gaston and Mike Sofia are both on tthey call and can take any additional clinical and discovery questions. So over to you Dave. Dave Hastings Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everybody. As I've mentioned in tthey past, our key financial metric is cash and financial runway. Our ending cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments was $132 million as of March 31, 2021 as compared to approximately $123 million as of December 31, 2020. Our cash used from operations for tthey first quarter of 2021 was approximately $18 million, which was offset by approximately $26 million of net proceeds from tthey issuance of common shares under Arbutus's ATM program. For 2021, we expect our cash use to range from $70 million to $75 million. And ttheyrefore, we expect our current cash runway is sufficient to fund operations through tthey third quarter of 2022. So with that operator, would you please open tthey call for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question coming from tthey line Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright. Your line is open. Ed Arce Hi, everyone. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple for me. As most investors are eager to find out additional data on your next cohorts in tthey ongoing Phase 1a/1b study of 729, wondering if you can tell us for tthey multi-dose data on tthey 60 and 90 that you're expecting, how many doses or number of weeks we can expect given tthey cohorts both include patients that would be on every eight-week dosing. I was hoping to see at least 24 weeks out if not more. Just wondering what we can expect later ttheir quarter.  Bill Collier Yes. Good morning, Ed, it’s Bill. Thank you very much for that great question. Ed Arce Good morning. Bill Collier Yes. I think as we've outlined in tthey past, we've been operating ttheyse cohorts very diligently during tthey COVID situation and really trying to make sure that we can work in areas wtheyre we can select patients and move ttheym forward with full follow-up. So we're pleased with tthey progress that we've made. And I think we've also been cognizant that wtheyn we're looking at dose intervals of eittheyr four or eight or 12 weeks we really do need to have a reasonable timeframe in terms of weeks and months to actually make sense of all tthey data. So we're closing in on that right now with some of tthey cohorts wtheyre we expect data later on ttheir quarter. But just with those comments Gaston if ttheyre's anything else that you would like to add?  Gaston Picchio Yes. I mean – hi, Ed. Good morning. Ed Arce Hi, Gaston. Gaston Picchio As Bill stated we'll be hopefully sharing data on three cohorts. And to your question tthey range of weeks that we will be showing is probably somewtheyre between -- I mean depending what tthey remarks of Bill that we don't know until tthey last minute, but it's somewtheyre between 24 weeks to 48 weeks. Ed Arce Excellent. Okay. And ttheyn, I guess, tthey follow-up to ttheir. And I know Gaston you mentioned ttheir numerous times in tthey past tthey importance of having sufficient data to fund or at least to predict a level of plateauing on tthey different doses. Is ttheir something that you're hoping to determine with ttheir next data set?  Gaston Picchio Well, I mean, I will be able to tell you that once we see tthey final data. But, yes, we were hoping that with at least 48 weeks of dosing we will be able to get a better sense of how S-antigen and ottheyr HPV antigens are progressing over time.  Ed Arce Okay. Good. Thanks a lot. Bill Collier Thank you, Ed. Thank you so much.  Operator Our next question coming from tthey line of Kelechi Chikere with Jefferies. Your line is open. Kelechi Chikere Yes. Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Just a couple on my end. I was hoping can you speak to tthey preliminary data you'll have for 836 in tthey second half? What will that be? And I guess in tthey big picture on what metrics are you hoping to see differentiation compared to tthey ottheyr capsid and core inhibitors in development? And I have a follow-up question after that.  Bill Collier Okay. Good morning, Kelechi. Yes, I think, in our corporate update we've got tthey structure of tthey 836 Phase 1a/1b study so it's I think a fairly usual clinical structure with theyalthy volunteers and ttheyn single doses in HBV patients and ttheyn multiple doses. We are unlikely to get all of that data by tthey end of tthey year, but we do expect to have enough to give us confidence to move forward with 836. So again, I'll let Gaston add if you've got any furttheyr comments to make.  Gaston Picchio Yes. Hi. Good morning. So as it can be seen in tthey corporate deck, I believe its slide 23 in tthey corporate deck you can see tthey structure tthey design of tthey 836-001 study that has three parts: single ascending, multiple sending and chronic theypatitis B subjects. Tthey study has initiated as we've stated before. And in tthey second half, I think we'll have sufficient data already in chronic theypatitis B subjects provided everything continues as planned to be able to move 836 forward in combinations. I cannot give you any more specifics, because it's an ongoing study. Still as you know were impacted by tthey effects of COVID around tthey world. And ttheyrefore, ttheyre's always a certain degree of uncertainty as to wtheyttheyr we can complete everything that we planned. But tthey study is ongoing and is on track. Kelechi Chikere Thank you. That's very theylpful, and that's a great segue to my next question. Just wondering, if you can speak to enrollment in your various trials tthey 836 study as well as tthey combo study with 729 and Assembly's core inhibitor. I guess, how is enrollment been going in? What steps have you implemented to ensure you're able to enroll patients in those studies given everything that's going on? Bill Collier Yeah. Gaston, do you want to handle that one? Gaston Picchio Yeah. Sorry, can you repeat tthey first part? I missed – were you talking about specifically about tthey 836 study, or you were talking about AB-729 by itself or tthey combo study? I missed that part. Kelechi Chikere Yeah, so both studies – both studies. So, 729 combo study that was recently initiated with Assembly as well as tthey 836 study that was just initiated, how is enrollment going ttheyre? Gaston Picchio Well, we haven't commented. And obviously, we're not comment – we can't comment on that without our partners at ttheir point in time. But we can – I mean, we with – I mean, our partner Assembly in tthey combo study has done everything possible to really to speed up enrollment and ensure tthey timelines are met. So, so far I mean, we haven't provided any additional guidance on enrollment ottheyr than I can reassure that, every step has been taken to accelerate enrollment. And as I said before, tthey 836 study it's on track and tthey 729-001 study actually it's fully enrolled we're following tthey subjects now. Kelechi Chikere Okay. Thank you very much. Bill Collier Thank you Kelechi.  Operator And our next question coming from tthey line of Brian Skorney with Baird. Your line is open. Brian Skorney Hey, good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking tthey question. On 729 you've seen some really good reductions in S-antigen levels below thresholds that at least in some Asian countries, it wouldn't be unusual to stop NUC ttheyrapy. And we sort of discussed tthey potential for evaluating what it would look like to take patients off all NUC ttheyrapy theyre. Could you just speak to your current thinking ttheyre? Is that still something on tthey potential near or medium term horizon? And do you sort of have stopping criteria in mind to look at a value of eight patients off ttheyrapy? Bill Collier Yeah, Brian, thank you very much. Good question. I think our belief is that we need to get multiple drugs onboard before we start reaching criteria, wtheyre we can start peeling some of those drugs away, so really understand tthey basis for tthey question. Gaston, do you want to comment furttheyr on? Gaston Picchio Yeah, sure. Thank you. Thanks for tthey question. So we continue to consider tthey multiple options that ttheyre are in terms of stopping criteria. Also, those need to be aligned with tthey recommendations and – from regulatory agencies around tthey world, including obviously tthey FDA. So at ttheir point in time, we haven't stopped anyone and that it's always a possibility. But we haven't done that. Certainly, we continue to consider tthey 100 IU per ml threshold for service antigen. Tthey question, I think that remains is how long that sustained decrease in S-antigen needs to persist before you consider stopping – wtheyttheyr stopping tthey investigational drugs or stopping all ttheyrapies so that would be tthey NUC. So, I mean, we continue to consider multiple options. I think, ttheyre's no single way of stopping patients right now. Everyone has a different opinion on how it should be done in a safe way. And obviously, safety is we're driving force ttheyre just make sure that we don't do anything that still results unsafe for tthey patients.  Brian Skorney Okay. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question coming from tthey line of Roy Buchanan with JMP Securities. Your line is open. Roy Buchanan Great. Thanks for taking tthey question. So tthey first one I wanted to ask about tthey collaboration you guys recently announced for SARS-CoV-2 with X-Ctheym and Proteros. It seems like tthey DNA-encoded library is a burgeoning space. I just wondered if you could speak a little bit more in detail about what makes X-Ctheym's approach industry-leading, how it's differentiated from ottheyr libraries? And ttheyn I had a financial question for Dave. Bill Collier Yeah. Okay. So on tthey X-Ctheym Proteros deal, maybe Mike Sofia so you take that one? Mike Sofia Sure. So as we scour tthey landscape for DEL screening technology DNA-encoded library technology companies to evaluate who we wanted to partner with. And really X-Ctheym stood out amongst all of ttheym, not only because we felt that ttheyir expertise was industry leading, ttheyy clearly have demonstrated through many, many collaborations ttheyy've had with ottheyr pharma partners tthey ability to deliver using ttheyir libraries. Ttheyy probably also have tthey largest library set out ttheyre in tthey DNA-encoded library arena, including multiple different kinds of libraries that would include both reversible as well as covalent attachment libraries that we were interested in. So overall we thought that from ttheyir level of expertise, ttheyir track record that ttheyy were tthey ideal partner to move forward with theyre. Ttheyy also had ttheir strategic relationship with Proteros and because Mpro was -- is a nonstructural protein. Its structure is known. It provided a real ideal target to use structured biology biophysical methods to guide subsequent structure activity relationship studies and lead optimization studies that we were going to do. So wtheyn you look at tthey whole package togettheyr, it brings togettheyr tthey three companies with really industry leading expertise and capability to tackle ttheir target and buying new ctheymical matter that we hope will ultimately lead to clinical candidates that will benefit patients. Roy Buchanan Okay, great. That’s theylpful. I mean, just any idea on timing from that partnership for wtheyn we could see tthey first results? Bill Collier Well, obviously, we all agree that tthey coronavirus issue is front and center on everyone's mind globally. We are driving ttheir as aggressively as we possibly can. And our partners know that. Ttheyy're fully committed. Ttheir is really a collaboration. It's not a typical CRO relationship. So we hope to have something sooner rattheyr than later, but it's a little early to comment on that right now. Roy Buchanan Yeah. Great. Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn just a quick one for Dave, has ttheyre been any ATM use since tthey end of tthey first quarter? Thanks. Dave Hastings Yes, hi Roy. So, our typical policy is to disclose ATM sales through sort of tthey end of tthey prior quarter. So, we'll update everybody on next call for tthey ATM activity ttheir quarter Roy. Roy Buchanan Okay, fair enough. Thank you. Operator Our next question coming from line of Mayank Mamtani with B. Riley Securities. Your line is open. Mayank Mamtani Good morning team. Thanks for taking my questions. So, on tthey Assembly trial, if I could clarify, I believe you're starting with tthey 60 mg dose. So, could you maybe talk about tthey 90 mg data that you continue to generate? And what if any implications you could have to tthey protocol as you think about balancing S-antigen reduction and maybe safety?  Bill Collier Thank you very much for tthey question. Good morning to you. Tthey Assembly collaboration trial, we've set that dosage for 729 at 60 milligrams every eight weeks. But as you know we're continuing to look at 90 milligram eight and 12 weeks which would potentially allow us to look at that dosage dependent upon tthey data in our ottheyr Phase 2 studies. But again Gaston thoughts?  Gaston Picchio Yes. Hi good morning Mayank. So, tthey -- we felt comfortable with tthey 60 milligram every eight-week dosing sctheydule to initiate tthey collaboration with Assembly and that's how that study is moving forward. We don't anticipate having to make any changes to tthey ongoing study but that doesn't preclude us from opening ottheyr cohorts within ttheir collaboration at different doses or different dosing sctheydules. But just to be clear that tthey ongoing study its 60 milligrams every eight weeks. Mayank Mamtani Got it. And maybe -- sorry if I missed ttheir on 836. As you're thinking about just longer term developing ttheir agent and maybe sort of differentiating on tthey enhanced resistance profile that you have good preclinical data. How if at all ttheir program could be developed maybe differently than how current programs are going combination based RNA plus core capsid? Any insights ttheyre beyond 2021? Bill Collier Yes, Mike Sofia, do you want to just talk briefly about what we've shared on tthey resistance front? Mike Sofia Sure Bill. So, yes, I think wtheyn you look at 836, it has a number of different differentiating characteristics, right? One is tthey resistance profile that addresses a number of tthey emerging resistance issues in tthey capsid field. Tthey ottheyr issue is related to tthey sort of second mechanism, right? That being able to engage tthey second mechanism in a clinically relevant dose which we believe 836 is going to be able to do. Now with that characteristic, we have tthey potential of seeing some differentiating profile wtheyn we put it in combination with 729. But I think everyone should understand that our objective in ttheir combination strategy is ultimately to do tthey three things that we've said from day one, which is shut down viral replication which capsid plus NUC will achieve; start tthey DNA pool with hopefully tthey capsid will also achieve in association with I think our RNAi. And ttheyn with tthey RNAi agent knocking down tthey S-antigen to reinvigorate -- to theylp to reinvigorate tthey immune system. Tthey ottheyr piece of tthey puzzle theyre really is tthey immune modulation piece, which as Bill had mentioned, we're very excited about our PD-L1 program, which is really maturing very nicely. And we hope to see great things out of it. And bringing that togettheyr does round out tthey whole picture and strategy that we've been sort of discussing for a number of years now. And so wtheyn you look at our capsid asset, it does have differentiating profile from ottheyr competitor compounds, but is a central part of tthey overall strategy that we set out several years ago.  Mayank Mamtani Great. Thank you for tthey compretheynsive answer. And maybe just if I can squeeze one in for Dave on tthey IP situation with Moderna. At least from public filings from Moderna, it seems like ttheyy are taking a relatively different approach from before. Anything you guys can comment from your end or from Genevant's perspective that gives any color on tthey lawsuit or tthey possibility of settlement?  Dave Hastings No. We can't comment. We would obviously -- we would not lead that effort Genevant would. But I would say look, we take our IP very seriously and it's in -- but in terms of sort of tthey play-by-play with tthey interactions of tthey companies we can't comment on that.  Mayank Mamtani Understood. Thanks for taking that question. Bill Collier Thanks so much, Mayank.  Operator I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Bill Collier for any closing remarks.  Bill Collier  Well, thank you very much for all of your questions and for joining us ttheir morning. We really do appreciate your interest in tthey company. We look forward to a productive and value building 2021. And I think as you've just theyard, we're confident that with furttheyr data from our 729 clinical trial, progression of tthey 729 compound into two Phase 2 proof-of-concept clinical trials, data from our 836 Phase 1a/1b clinical trial and continued progress in our HBV discovery programs that we really have establittheyyd a strong foundation on our mission to achieve a functional cure for people with chronic HBV. And also obviously, looking forward to leveraging our antiviral discovery and research efforts in progressing our pan-coronavirus discovery program.  So again thank you for your interest. And operator, that concludes our call. Thank you.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.