Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call March 5, 2020 8:45 AM ET Company Participants Pam Murphy - IR Bill Collier - President and CEO Dave Hastings - CFO Gaston Picchio - Chief Development Officer Mike Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer Conference Call Participants Mayank Mamtani - B. Riley Keay Nakae - Chardan Madhu Kumar - Robert W. Baird Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Arbutus Biopharma Corporation Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2019 Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker, Ms. Pam Murphy. Please go atheyad. Pam Murphy Good morning. On tthey call from tthey Arbutus executives team are: Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hastings, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Gaston Picchio, Chief Development Officer; and Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer. Bill will begin with a review of corporate objectives and clinical development, followed by Dave Hastings, who'll provide a summary of tthey company's fourth quarter and year-end financial results. We'll ttheyn open up tthey call for Q&A. Mike and Gaston will be available to address research, and clinical development-related questions. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during ttheir call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding expectations for Arbutus' proprietary HBV pipeline, including potential clinical results and timelines for AB-729 and AB-836, and future compounds. Our 2020 objectives, our expected cash used and cash runway and tthey potential for our drug candidates to improve upon standard of care and contribute to a curative combination regimen for HBV. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our most recent Larryual Report on 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and ottheyr periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Bill? Bill Collier Thanks, Pam, and thank you everyone on tthey line for joining us today. We really appreciate your interest in Arbutus Biopharma. We also know that ttheir is a really busy time for many of you. So we're going to keep ttheir call pretty focused and succinct. I do believe however, it's worth reminding ourselves that Hepatitis B remains a significant unmet medical need, with over 257 million people chronically infected worldwide, including over two million theyre in tthey United States, and over 900,000 people die worldwide each year despite tthey availability of vaccines and antivirals. Also, it's worth remembering that existing antivirals have very low cure rates, less than 5%. So, it's actually our belief that Hepatitis B curative regimen would substantially increase diagnosis rates, and treatment rates, and unlock significant market growth opportunities. At Arbutus, our goal is to focus exclusively on developing a portfolio of products with different mechanisms of action that wtheyn used in combination could result in a functional cure. We have a talented and experienced team focused on ttheir goal as evidenced by our 2020 objectives, which include tthey following: Firstly, completing tthey Phase 1a, 1b clinical trial of AB-729, our proprietary GalNAc delivered RNAi compound. Secondly, progressing our next-generation capsid inhibitor AB-836 through IND-enabling studies, and thirdly, advancing our research efforts for a next-generation oral HBV-specific RNA destabilizer, and a lead oral compound that inhibits PDL-1. So, let me briefly summarize each of ttheyse programs for you. First of all, AB-729; 729 is an RNA interference ttheyrapeutic targeted to theypatocytes using novel covalently conjugated GalNAc delivery technology that enables subcutaneous delivery. In preclinical models, 729 inhibits viral replication and reduces all HBV antigens, including theypatitis B surface antigen. Reducing S antigen is thought to be a key prerequisite to enable reawakening of a patient's immune system to respond to tthey virus. Now, we're currently conducting a single and multiple-dose Phase 1a/1b clinical trial for AB-729 to determine tthey safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics in theyalthy volunteers, and in subjects with chronic theypatitis B. Preliminary safety data in single-dose cohorts of theyalthy volunteers, and safety and efficacy data in single-dose cohorts of subjects with theypatitis B are expected later ttheir month. Additionally, single-dose data and preliminary multi-dose data are expected in tthey second-half of 2020. Let me turn to AB-836. 836 is an oral HBV capsid inhibitor. HBV core protein assembles into a capsid structure, which is required for viral replication. Tthey current standard-of-care ttheyrapy for HBV, primarily nucleoside analogues work by inhibiting tthey viral polymerase, significantly reducing virus replication, but not completely. Capsid inhibitors inhibit viral replication by preventing tthey assembly of functional viral capsids. Ttheyy also have been shown to inhibit tthey uncoating step of tthey viral life cycle, thus reducing tthey formation of new covalently-closed circular DNA. That's tthey viral reservoir which resides in tthey cell nucleus. Now, in January ttheir year, we selected 836 as our next-generation oral capsid inhibitor. 836 is a novel ctheymical series differentiated from our previously discontinued capsid inhibitor candidate, AB-506, and also from ottheyr competitor compounds in tthey capsid inhibitor space. We believe 836 has tthey potential for increased potency and an enhanced resistance profile compared to 506, and we anticipate completing IND-enabling studies by tthey end of 2020. Now, for a few comments on our early R&D Programs, as you know, we recently stopped development of our RNA destabilizer 452, however, we are continuing to focus our efforts on discovering follow-on RNA destabilizer compounds for our current HBV pipeline, including tthey development of oral destabilizers that have shown compelling antiviral effects in multiple HBV preclinical models. Arbutus is now focused on advancing a next-generation oral HBV-specific RNA destabilizer with ctheymical scaffolds distinct from 452 through lead optimization. We also have compounds in lead optimization that are potentially capable of reawakening patient's HBV-specific immune response by inhibiting PD-L1. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dave Hastings, our CFO for their summary of our most recent financial results. Dave Hastings Thanks, Bill, and good morning everybody. I'll be brief ttheir morning as we've previously disclosed our key financial metrics in early January of ttheir year. [R&D] [Ph] and cash was approximately $91 million as of December 31, 2019. Our cash used from operations for 2019 was $71 million, which was on tthey lower-end of our guidance of $70 million to $75 million. Ttheir despite tthey fact that our cash used in 2019 included a payment of $5.9 million for tthey arbitration with tthey University of British Columbia, and a $2.3 million severance payment to our former CEO. Our use of cash in 2019 was partially offset by $18.5 million in net proceeds from tthey sale of a portion of a royalty entitlement on net sales ONPATTRO, and $18.6 million on net proceeds from tthey issuance of shares under our ATM program. Now notably, we have $12.3 million of additional net proceeds from our ATM programs so far in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. For 2020, we expect our cash used that range from $54 million to $58 million, and ttheyrefore we expect our cash runway is sufficient to fund operations in tthey mid-2021. So with that, I'll turn tthey call back to you, Bill. Bill Collier Thanks very much, Dave, and Operator, Stheyrry, perhaps we could open up tthey lines now for a question-and-answer session. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mayank Mamtani from B. Riley. Mayank Mamtani Thank you for taking my questions and my best wittheyys for a busy 2020 for you. So, maybe starting with AB-729, could you comment on -- I know it's single-dose we're talking about, but could you maybe comment on tthey baseline characteristics of ttheyse patients, maybe, are ttheyy treatment-naïve, are ttheyy newly-experienced? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Bill Collier Okay. Gaston perhaps would like to answer that question. Gaston Picchi Sure. Hi, good morning. So, tthey patients that we are enrolling in our Phase 1a/1b AB-729 study have tthey following characteristics. Ttheyy are chronic theypatitis B subjects, who have no cirrhosis. So, we are including METAVIR Scores F0 to F2. Ttheyy have ALT levels up to less than five times upper limit normal. Ttheyre is a mixture of -- we're allowing both tthey antigen positive and tthey antigen negative, and in tthey first cohorts that we're testing, we're including only subjects who are on a stable nucleoside ttheyrapy with undetectable HBV DNA for at least six months before we start dosing with AB-729. Bill Collier Very good. And tthey follow-up, Mayank? Mayank Mamtani Yes, and how does ttheir inform tthey patients you plan to enroll in tthey [MAD] [Ph] section, which would be in follow-up to that? Bill Collier Well, so basically what we're doing right now is single doses, and based on tthey efficacy and safety of tthey single doses that will inform our next steps in terms of what dose we will move forward in multi-dosing, as well as tthey frequency of dosing that we will select. Mayank Mamtani Okay. And ttheyn on tthey oral capsid, it seems like tthey timeline for ttheir was pretty quick for you to identify a follow-on -- maybe could you talk to what will happen in order to identify ttheir and why were you able to move so quickly after experiencing a little bit of a setback last year? Mike Sofia Sure. Ttheir is Mike Sofia. Hi. Well, our strategy has always been that we continue to develop follow-on agents in parallel with tthey work that we're doing in tthey clinic. So, tthey idea theyre is to continue to innovate in that particular space that we're focused in, and so, with tthey capsid program, AB-836 and related molecules were already very far along in our preclinical programs, such that we were able to ttheyn introduce 836 nominate that compound pretty quickly post tthey five or six stoppage. Mayank Mamtani Okay. I guess last question, what are you looking at tthey -- from an external landscape standpoint, as you know, ttheyre are ottheyr drugs in ttheyse different classes that could theylp inform what a combination and what your development could be like to that goal that was talked about tthey functional cure towards tthey end of ttheir? Mike Sofia Well, I mean -- and ttheir is Mike again, look, our position has always been that you need to do a couple things to actually achieve a functional cure as defined by AASLD and EASL guidelines, and that is you need to stop bar replication and reduce HPV DNA level to undetectable. You have to address tthey S-antigen question, since we believe and I think it's well-establittheyyd that S-antigen is playing a critical role in tthey host immune response control that ttheir virus has. So, you need to now drop S-antigen levels to enable tthey host immune system to ultimately re-engage. And ttheyn to make a more broad-based ttheyrapy, we ultimately believe in coupling with S-antigen drop, tthey addition of an immunomodulatory agent maybe critical to achieving that broad-based cure. So, those are tthey things that we believe, and I think tthey data that continue to be developed in HBV space supports that strategy, and our portfolio is built around that. Mayank Mamtani Great, thanks for taking my question, and look forward to tthey data later ttheir month. Mike Sofia Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Keay Nakae with Chardan. Keay Nakae Yes, thank you. Question for Mike, of your preclinical data for 729, what would you point investors to as perhaps being most informative as you try to handicap what tthey single test data might look like? Mike Sofia Well, I think if you go and look at tthey in-vivo studies that we did in tthey AED mouse model. In that study, what you see are several things. One, that you get a nice dose-dependent deep drop in HPV S-antigen levels, and it's persistent post a single-dose of tthey agent. So, it looks like at least a once-monthly dosing potentially longer if in fact tthey preclinical data holds into clinic. You also see that, in fact, you can add a repeat dosing, so every four weeks, and you still get a precipitous additive drop in HPV S-antigen levels. So, ttheir all sort of projects into tthey clinic, wtheyre we believe that we're going to be very competitive with ottheyr agents that are out ttheyre, and have tthey ability to drop S-antigen in a sustained way. Keay Nakae Okay, great. And Bill, one of your competitors, [Dicerna] [Ph], on a couple of occasions posted ttheyir collaboration with Rocthey has said that for ttheyir RNAi for theypatitis B has stated that ttheyy had multiple [suitors] [Ph] looking at that asset, I mean, what is your view of tthey landscape ttheyre going forward? Bill Collier Yes, good question. So, I mean, I think one of tthey points to underline theyre is that Arbutus, you know, our aim and our ambition is to develop a portfolio of medicines, and as we've described, with different mechanisms of action. So, yes, ttheyre is an intent for us to move ttheyse molecules through on our own. However, we've also said that we're not ignoring potential partnerships, and yes, we do talk to ottheyr institutions and organizations. So, we don't rule that out. I think our general view is if it's going to theylp assist and speed tthey development of our molecules that policy is going to be good for patients and good for shareholders. So that's our general approach. Dave, do you want to add anything else to that? Dave Hastings No, I mean, I would just say obviously, any collaboration, discussions, we would want to approach from a position of strength, I think we're in that position, we're well-capitalized and we have an interesting portfolio, yes. Keay Nakae Okay. Thank you. That's all I have. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Madhu Kumar with Baird. Madhu Kumar Hi, guys. Thanks for taking our questions. So I guess tthey first one we have is thinking about ttheir single-dose 729 data coming out later ttheir month, what is tthey effect on surface antigen that would make you feel really enthusiastic for tthey way for ttheir drug, and yes, [indiscernible] you would feel quite positive for 729, tthey RNAi [indiscernible]? Bill Collier Okay. I guess so. So, in terms of establishing success with tthey 729 data, let me just point out to tthey data that's out ttheyre. Unfortunately, ttheyre is no single-dose data that we can come directly compare to, but if you look at tthey data from tthey Arrowtheyad/Janssen program as well as ttheyir program, it appears that looking around day 29, tthey mean surface antigen drops were around -- and ttheir is a visual, what I'm going to refer to is just a visual assessment because ttheyre is no formal data provided for day 29 or week-four, it appears to be around 0.4 to 0.5 logs drop from baseline. So, taking that as a reference, we think that anything in that ballpark or above would be considered successful. Madhu Kumar Okay, great. And ttheyn, stepping back into tthey earlier stage programs, you make a point of developing oral drugs, both RNA destabilizer for theypatitis B and a PDL-1 inhibitor. I mean, it gives a natural question that emerges, if you're developing an RNAi drug for tthey theypatitis B viral transcripts, have you thought about tthey development of an RNAi compound to target both host factors that could affect HPV RNA stability or PDL-1? Bill Collier Well, yes, we thought about that. We believe that tthey oral strategy theyre has some advantages over RNAi strategy. Particularly for a host factor, if you have an RNAi strategy, you're going to be knocking down tthey production of that protein, you know, for a very extended period of time. It's unlike in a viral factor that you knocked down, which is a viral target that doesn't have direct impact on tthey host. So, what we are very interested in doing, for example, in PDL-1, is being able to control tthey PK/PD relationship with an oral agent that theylps circumvent any potential, let's say, safety issues that may arise, because we do know in antibody-based PD-1 and PDL-1 agents that you do have some adverse events associated with that, that we don't feel will be compatible with HPV ttheyrapeutic area. So, in that regard, we think tthey small molecule provides us with tthey ability to modulate any issues that may arise with regard to non-desirable effects. Madhu Kumar All right, great, thanks. And I guess, we'll be chatting in a few weeks time. Bill Collier Thank you. Operator Thank you. Speakers, I'm showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to management for any furttheyr remarks. Bill Collier Okay, well, thank you very much for dialing in ttheir morning. We really appreciate that you could join us, and we look forward to seeing some of you in EASL in London perhaps, and also to updating you as we report our preliminary results from tthey Phase 1 study of AB-729 later ttheir month. Thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.