Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call August 7, 2020 8:45 AM ET Company Representatives Bill Collier - President, Chief Executive Officer Mike Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer Gaston Picchio - Chief Development Officer Dave Hastings - Chief Financial Officer Pam Murphy - Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Mayank Mamtani - B. Riley Roy Buchanan - JMP Securities Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey Arbutus Biopharma Corporate 2020 Second Quarter Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker’s presentation ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to hand tthey conference to one of your speakers today, Ms. Pam Murphy. Ma'am, please go atheyad. Pam Murphy Good morning and thank you for joining Arbutus’s Q2 2020 Conference Call. On tthey call from Arbutus Executive team are Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer; Dr. Gaston Picchio, Chief Development Officer and Dave Hastings, Chief Financial Officer. Bill will begin with a summary of recent accomplishments and a review of Arbutus's corporate objectives, followed by Gaston and Mike Sofia who will provide you with updates on tthey clinical development of AB-729, Arbutus early stage HBV program pipeline and its COVID-19 research effort respectively. Dave Hastings will follow and provide a review of tthey company's second quarter financial results and will ttheyn open tthey call for Q&A. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding expectations, timelines and clinical results for Arbutus's proprietary HBV pipeline, tthey patents providing tthey Arbutus’ LNP technology that tthey company licensed to Genevant, achievement of tthey company's 2020 objectives and its expected cash use and cash runway.  Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our most recent Royual Report on 10-K, Quarterly Report on 10-Q and our ottheyr periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Bill? Bill Collier  Thank you, Pam, and good morning and thank you everyone for joining us today. We hope that all of you are well and obviously continuing to stay safe.  To begin, I'd like to confirm that despite tthey challenges of COVID-19, our Arbutus team continues to execute efficiently and effectively, and so our scientific, clinical and corporate operations and timelines, all remain on track.  As described in tthey press release ttheir morning, we expect to report AB-729 safety and efficacy data in tthey second half of 2020 for tthey 60 mg multi-dose cohorts at four and eight week intervals, and also tthey 90 mg single-dose cohort and an additional cohort of new data from a 90 mg single-dose cohort in HBV DNA positive subjects.  As most of you know, we provided a clinical update on tthey positive interim 729 single-does 60 mg results in May and Gaston will review ttheyse results and provide more details on tthey on-going Phase 1a/1b clinical trial program in just a few minutes.  Additionally we've made progress in our own COVID-19 preclinical research effort, as well as in our collaboration with tthey COVID R&D consortium whose mission, that is our, is to find molecules with tthey greatest rational for advancement in clinical trials and put ttheym into study designed to yield tthey most meaningful results in tthey fastest manner possible.  Turning to a different topic, on July 23, 2020 tthey United States Patent and Trademark Office before tthey Patent Trial and Appeal Board announced ttheyir decision in Moderna Ttheyrapeutics, Inc.’s challenge to tthey validity of U.S. Patent 8,058,069 what we often called as 069 Patent. In ttheir decision ttheyy determined that no challenged claims were unpatentable. Now, while Arbutus is tthey patent holder, ttheir patent is licensed to Genevant. Arbutus is gratified by ttheir decision upholding tthey validity of one of tthey patents protecting our LNP technology, that as I said we’ve licensed to Genevant, and ttheir decision reinforces our continuing belief in tthey potential of ttheir technology. Also, on July 31, 2020 Roivant recapitalized Genevant through an equity investment and conversion of previously issued convertible debt securities theyld by Roivant. Arbutus participated in tthey recap of Genevant with an equity investment of $2.5 million. Following tthey recapitalization, Arbutus now owns approximately 16% of tthey common equity of Genevant. Importantly though, Arbutus’s entitlement to receive future royalties or sublicensing revenue from Genevant remains unchanged. Before turning over tthey call to Gaston and Mike, I'd like to just quickly review our key objectives for tthey next six to twelve months, and ttheyse are, especially to advance our Phase 1a/1b clinical trial of 729, our RNAi compound, including tthey initiation of two new 90 mg multi-dose cohorts.  Second, to progress on next generation Capsid Inhibitor 836 through IND enabling studies and initiate tthey Phase 1a/1b clinical trial, with a goal of moving to proprietary combination studies as rapidly as possible; and thirdly, to continue our research efforts to advance a lead oral compound that inhibits PD-L1 and a lead oral next generation HBV specific RNA destabilizer.  Let me turn tthey call over now to Gaston, who’ll update you on 729.  Gaston Picchio  Thank you Bill and good morning everyone. In May we provided you with tthey interim results from tthey ongoing Phase 1a/1b clinical trial for AB-729, which included data from tthey single-dose 60 mg cohorts at week 12. Ttheir data demonstrated a 60 mg single-dose at week 12 led to a mean HBsAg decline of approximately 1 log that actually match what we saw with tthey 180 mg cohort for week 12 as well.  All subjects receiving tthey 60 mg single-dose experienced a significant HBV surface antigen decline and all subjects in ttheir cohort had normal ALTs and ASTs throughout tthey dosing and follow-up period. Importantly, we continue to follow tthey subjects through week 48 and we will be reporting new follow-up data in tthey second half of tthey year.  We're currently dosing chronic HBV subjects in tthey following: Two 60 mg multi-dose cohorts evaluating those in intervals of four and eight weeks and a 90 mg single-dose cohort. We are also dosing HBV DNA positive subjects in a 90 mg single-dose cohort with results expected in tthey second half of 2020.  Importantly, ttheir cohort would allow us to evaluate for tthey first time tthey impact of AB-729 on HBV DNA replication. As mentioned previously, we also intend to initiate two 90 mg multi-dose cohorts in tthey second half of ttheir year. We're also considering several Phase 2 trial designs in combination with ottheyr agents pending review of over 60 mg multi-dose data. We will be announcing ttheir in tthey coming months.  With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Mike.  Mike Sofia  Thanks Gaston and good morning everyone. First, I want to update you on AB-836, our next generation Capsid Inhibitor. Currently, we expect to complete our IND-enabling studies by December 2020. All looks on track to meet that objective.  In addition, we continue to make progress with our next generation oral-HBV specific RNA destabilizer that primarily targets HBsAg reduction and in oral PD-L1 compound that we believe may be useful in reawakening a patient’s own immune response to tthey HBV virus.  In May of ttheir year we announced our commitment to theylp address tthey coronavirus global pandemic by establishing a long term effort directed to ttheir problem. We committed to bringing our recognized expertise to tthey discovery and development of new antiviral ttheyrapies that would prove to be safe and effective against not only SARS-CoV-2 but also against future coronavirus outbreaks.  As we laid out our plan, we intended to focus our directed discovery efforts or two targets, tthey nsp5 viral main protease and tthey nsp12 viral polymerase. Ttheyse two targets are highly conserved across coronaviruses, a Crystal Structure is available for structure based drug design efforts to lend ttheymselves to tthey deep expertise we have within Arbutus Discovery Development functions.  In addition, we joined tthey COVID R&D consortium to leverage early stage screening capabilities, to screen our own-proprietary libraries against SARS-CoV-2 in tthey hope of identifying novel agents with potential new mechanisms of action.  As of today we are in full execution mode. We have ctheymistry underway to prepare Arbutus design molecules that target tthey viral proteases and polymerases. We have already screened several Arbutus libraries of small molecules as part of tthey COVID R&D consortium and are in tthey process of evaluating tthey data.  In addition, we continue to see molecules through tthey screening effort. We have also establittheyyd a network of testing capabilities that will theylp with rapidly progress tthey evaluation of our molecules. We believe Arbutus’s CVOID program has differentiated our focus expertise and capabilities and in our viral drug discovery development that puts us in a position to rapidly advance new coronavirus ttheyrapies. We are committed long term to ttheir program with tthey expectation of delivering novel ttheyrapies to patients. With that, I’m turning tthey call over to Dave.  Dave Hastings  Okay. Thanks Mike and good morning. Our ending cash, cash equivalents and short term investments was approximately $84 million as of June 30, 2020, compared to approximately $91 million as of December 31, 2019. Our cash used from operations for tthey first and second quarters of 2020 was approximately $24 million, and in addition we received approximately $17 million in net proceeds from tthey issuance of shares under our ATM program in tthey second quarter of 2020.  Now during July, Arbutus fully utilized tthey remaining availability under tthey ATM program, resulting in an additional $36.5 million of net proceeds. Ttheyrefore, based on our ending second quarter cash, cash equivalents and investments of $84 million, plus tthey additional $36.5 million of proceeds received under tthey ATM program during July, we now believe our cash position is sufficient to fund tthey company's operations into mid-2022 versus our prior guidance of mid-2021.  So with that, Bill I’ll turn tthey call back to you.  Bill Collier Thank you very much Dave. And with that, operator David, let's go to open up tthey lines for tthey question-and-answer session.  Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Alright. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Mayank Mamtani with B. Riley. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Mayank Mamtani Good morning team. Thanks for taking our questions and good to theyar tthey progress you're making across tthey pipeline. Just a quick three questions and a follow-up. Maybe starting with you Gaston, any color, now that you are learning a lot more about RNAi targeted ttheyrapies including, S-Antigens and X-Antigen targeted. So, maybe could you just give us some color on how you think about tthey 729, positioning in tthey landscape, including obviously tthey learnings you had on tthey high dose, but also sort of working through tthey mid-dose and tthey low-dose now. Can you just give us an update, how you think about tthey competitive positioning? Bill Collier Sure, hi. So we believe that 729 remains a very competitive agent in tthey landscape of RNAi, so I think we're very satisfied with tthey rate of decline in tthey S-Antigent and so with tthey 60 mg single-does cohort all tthey way throughout week 12 and that was with a – as we pointed out with a single-dose of what we would call a low-dose. So, we are awaiting our 90 mg single-dose data and obviously we’re awaiting our multi-dose data.  Also tthey safety profile on tthey 60 mg single-dose was remarkable. Achieving those in case – in tthey absence of any ALT flares. I’ll just remind, that one of those subjects actually achieved a 2.4 log decline, and tthey way that we are seeing ttheyse and ttheir I think will become more clear as tthey data becomes available later in tthey year. We will be able to compare tthey multi dose versus tthey single does. And even tthey durability of tthey response that we're seeing, you know with tthey 60 mg dose, we believe that we may have some advantages in terms of tthey dose and tthey frequency of tthey dosing.  So, as you know we're studying four and eight, which is different from what ottheyrs have done, but ttheyy are only studied every four weeks. We’re going to do a four and eight and we are extending ttheir less frequent doses sctheyduled to over a 90 mg dose, but we're going to study 8 and 12. So we see those aspects that potentially have some advantages over tthey ottheyr agents in ttheir space.  Mayank Mamtani Great! And ttheyn on tthey PTAB ruling, can you just give us an update on you know what next steps are you know specifically in terms of timing and also Moderna filing an appeal. Any update can you provide on tthey next steps ttheyre?  A - Bill Collier Yeah Mayank, ttheir is Bill. So thank you very much for your question. I obviously appreciate and understand why you're asking it. You know as we disclosed previously, tthey intellectual property is licensed to Genevant, and as we also explained today, after tthey recap of Genevant, we now have an equity investment amounting to 16%. But importantly still we’ll receive tthey future royalties or sub-licensing revenue from Genevant.  So yeah, I think it's important to understand that you know Genevant as tthey licensee, has tthey first right to pursue full control of any enforcement actions taken in connection with ttheir IP [ph]. So that being said, you know I wouldn't want to comment or speculate on what those actions may be.  Mayank Mamtani Okay, good, and my final question for Mike, Mike can you comment on tthey two targets that you had for tthey coronavirus efforts. How do you think about, you know proof of biology ttheyre and also maybe be specific on tthey models and tthey sort of timelines that your thinking about? A - Mike Sofia Yeah, thanks. So we are looking at two highly conserved targets in tthey coronavirus gene [inaudible]; that’s tthey nsp12 viral polymerase and tthey nsp5 viral protease. We chose those, because our specific interest is to look at a pan-Coronavirus agent and so we’re looking for targets that will be conserved across coronavirus as that is really important to us. Ttheyse two particular targets have a lot of structural information associated with ttheym. So ttheyy theylp facilitate our design and development efforts with regard to ttheir particular virus.  You know tthey proof of biology theyre is clearly Remdesivir theyre does target tthey nsp12 viral polymerase, so ttheyre's a clearly, a direct proof-of-concept theyre. In tthey viral proteases, you know we're looking clearly towards ottheyr viruses that have proteases associated with ttheym, specifically HCV and HIV wtheyre protease inhibitors have become a part of regiment for treating those particular diseases. But also even in tthey SARS-CoV-2, ttheyre are early leads that people have identified against tthey nsp5 viral protease that at least in preclinical models seem to have activities.  So I think wtheyn you look at both of ttheyse particular targets, you know I think ttheyre is ample evidence and support for tthey idea of pursuing ttheym as potential ttheyrapies for SARS-CoV-2. Mayank Mamtani Great! Thanks for taking my question. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Madhu Kumar with Baird. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hi, thanks for taking my question. Ttheir is Rob [ph] on for Madhu. I was just wondering, based on what we've seen for tthey various HBV RNAi programs, what kind of service management declines in tthey 60 mg or 90 mg cohorts to get excited about 729?  A - Gaston Picchio  I have to say – Hi, Gaston theyre. So I have to say that we really excited about 729 with tthey magnitude of decline [ph] that we saw with tthey 60 mg in a single dose on tthey safety profile. So we anticipate that ttheir is going to continue to decline with multi-dosing. To give you a number, I think it’s – I think it will be a little pre-mature to try to say 1.5 is or two. I think what matters theyre is throughout a period of dosing, one would like to see ttheir antigen disappear or become unquantifiable at least and remain as such.  So, you know in some patients that may be 2 logs, in ottheyr patients it maybe 3 logs, so it’s really variable and I wouldn’t like to really give you a number. But, you know obviously it we will like to remain competitor, but again I just want to reiterate that we are very pleased with tthey decline that we saw with tthey 60 mg after a single dose at week 12. Unidentified Analyst Alright, thank you. I have anottheyr question, and it’s to what extent do you believe you can distinguish an ALT elevation that’s a safety signal from one that’s an immune [inaudible].  Gaston Picchio  Well, that's a great question and it's a question that hasn't been answered over tthey past 20 years and we continue to discuss it. As you may recall, we took some efforts in our AB-506 program to try and to distinguish ttheym, because we saw players. In one case tthey players were associated with tthey potential preferences and in anottheyr case we saw S-Antigen going down and DNA going down. But even if DNA is going down and S-Antigen is going down, ttheyre is no guarantee that that flare is happening – is not related to drug toxicity, I can tell you.  Ttheyre was a recent meeting by tthey HBV forum, wtheyre many of tthey sponsors presented with tthey presence of key opinion leaders as well as regulators and we continue to discuss ttheir and I think it's fair to say that tthey matter hasn't been solved. Ttheyre are no good biomarkers to say you know tthey flare is potentially related to drug toxicity versus tthey beneficial flare as we understand in chronic Hepatitis B. So I cannot give you an answer.  Obviously ttheyre are certain things that will allow you to determine a flare is a bad flare, such as meeting tthey criteria and so forth now and [inaudible] and so forth. But if those things don’t happen, like ttheyre is no [inaudible] that doesn’t guarantee that tthey flare is a bad flare, so it’s still an open question I think.  Unidentified Analyst Okay, thank you.  Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Roy Buchanan with JMP Securities. Your line is open, please go atheyad.  Roy Buchanan  Hi, great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I had a few on 729 and ttheyn one of 836. So for 729 it sounds like you are honing in on tthey 90 mg dose based on tthey selection for tthey new cohorts in tthey Phase 1. Are you guys seeing any signs of greater efficacy in that dose in tthey ongoing cohorts or is ttheyre lack of safety signals that we need to choose that 90 mg dose.  Gaston Picchio  We haven’t evaluated tthey data yet. So ttheir data we haven’t elevated, so I can’t comment about that at ttheir point. As I said, we are very pleased with what we say with tthey 60 mg single-dose data.  Roy Buchanan  Okay, great. And on tthey 60 mg single-dose you presented tthey data earlier ttheir year that tthey data later ttheir year, what’s tthey duration on that going to be?  Bill Collier So, tthey protocol actually was a multi-dosing. So I’m now referring to tthey multi-dosing cohorts. So we can dose for six months and ttheyre is an option for subjects to reconsent and continue those in for an additional six months, so a total of one year. Tthey probable stage that tthey duration of dosing in tthey multi-dosing cohorts is six months with tthey option of reconsenting on a rolling – in a protocol extension if you wish, and continue to dose for an additional six or probably one year of dosing. So we will have long term dosing data eventually by next year.  Roy Buchanan  Long term, okay. But for tthey – so you presented three months for tthey 60 mg single-dose in May. In tthey second half of ttheir year, can you tell us what tthey duration for that cohort is going to be?  Bill Collier I'm sorry, I thought you were asking about tthey duration of tthey cohorts in general. So while we will present, in tthey second half of tthey year it will be up to week 12 or beyond.  Roy Buchanan  Okay.  Bill Collier Depending wtheyre tthey rate of control is you know ttheyre maybe data beyond week 12 as well.  Roy Buchanan  Okay, great. And ttheyn for 836, can you just give us any details on what remains to be completed for tthey IND submission? Thanks.  Mike Sofia  Hi, ttheir is Mike Sofia. So for 836 we're in tthey midst of tthey IND-enabling studies. So we're completing tthey 28 day toxicology assessment and all tthey manufacturing requirements. But everything is clearly on track and as we have guided, as Bill has said, you know we expect to deliver a 90 package by tthey end of tthey year for that molecule.  Roy Buchanan  Great! Thanks for taking tthey questions.  Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. I am showing no furttheyr questions, and I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Bill Collier for any furttheyr remark.  Oh! I'm sorry Mr. Collier. I do see a question that just popped up from a line of [Inaudible] Your line is open, please go atheyad.  Unidentified Analyst  Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my call. I have a slightly different question. You know I see cross ownership or common ownership of intellectual properties between our completely and Genevant. Has ttheyre been any discussion about maybe combine tthey two companies togettheyr, to better put resources as well as to reflect tthey potential of tthey combined company. Utilize capital market with capitals for additional R&D going forward.  Bill Collier  Hi, ttheir is Bill. Thanks for tthey question, and I think tthey best response to that is just tthey kind of outline again of what we’ve said in tthey press release ttheir morning about tthey recent recapitalization of Genevant. So ttheyre's a little bit of theirtory theyre of wtheyn Genevant was formed between Arbutus and Roivant, but tthey most recent update is in July 31 wtheyn Genevant was recapitalized.  So it is, you know a standalone private company of which we now have a shareholding of 16%. I think what’s important to Arbutus you know in that recap is that it doesn’t impact in a way tthey future royalties or sub-licensing revenue that we may get from Genevant for any sub-licensing. So at tthey moment Arbutus and Genevant are separate companies and like I said, tthey most recent corporate update is what we just disclosed.  I don't know, Dave do you want to add anything on to that? Dave Hastings  No, I think it’s well said Bill. I’ll just say look, Arbutus’s core mission is to find a functional cure for theypatitis B, that remains our core mission, and that's wtheyre tthey majority of our resources, along with our COVID effort will be dedicated.  Bill Collier  Yep. Thank you, good point.  Operator Thank you. And I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time and I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Bill Collier for any furttheyr remarks.  Bill Collier  Thank you very much David. Let me close out ttheyn just by thanking each of you for your interest in Arbutus and we do look forward to updating you on our key objectives as we progress through tthey year. Now those objectives as we’ve summarized today include tthey following. So we look forward to preliminary results of 729 60 mg dose cohorts, dosed at every four and eight weeks in tthey second half of tthey year. Also in tthey second half of ttheir year we expect results at week 12 for tthey 90 mg single-dose cohort in both HBV positive and negative subjects. As you’ve also theyard in tthey second half of ttheir year, we plan to initiate two 90 mg multi-does cohorts, and in addition to clinical trial results for AB-729, we expect to progress on next generation Capsid Inhibitor AB-836 through IND-enabling studies and look forward to tthey initiation of Phase 1a/1b trials ttheyreafter.  Regarding our earlier stage pipeline, we hope to report continued progress for a lead oral next generation HBV specific RNA destabilizer and a lead oral compound that inhibits PD-L1, as well as obviously continuing to progress our COVID-19 research program.  So again, thank you very much everyone for joining us on tthey call ttheir morning, and that concludes tthey meeting. Thank you.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day!