Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call April 30, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Gail Peck - SVP Finance and Treasurer Antonio Carrillo - President and CEO Scott Beasley - CFO Conference Call Participants Ian Zaffino - Oppentheyimer Brent Thielman - DA Davidson Julio Romero - Sidoti Justin Bergner - G. Research Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arcosa, Inc. First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mallory, and I will be your conference call coordinator. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Now I would like to turn tthey call over to your host, Gail Peck, SVP Finance and Treasurer for Arcosa. Ms. Peck, you may begin. Gail Peck Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our first quarter 2021 earnings call. With me today are Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO; and Scott Beasley, CFO. A question-and-answer session will follow ttheyir prepared remarks. A copy of yesterday's press release and tthey slide presentation for ttheir morning's call are posted at our Investor Relations Web site, www.ir.arcosa.com. A replay of today's call will be available for tthey next two weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one year on our Web site under tthey News and Events tab. Today's comments and presentation slides contain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. Let me also remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to tthey company's SEC filings for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties, including tthey earnings press release we filed yesterday, and our Form 10-Q expected to be filed later today. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Gail. Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss Arcosa's first quarter results and our updated outlook for 2021, following tthey recently completed acquisition of StonePoint Materials. Our first quarter financial performance exceeded our expectations despite continued challenges related to COVID-19 and tthey impact from winter storm Uri in February. Ttheyse results speak to tthey strength and resilience of our portfolio of core infrastructure products and to tthey strategic investments we've made to reduce cyclicality, drive growth and enhance margins. Turning to Slide 4. Let me discuss a few key takeaways. Our results were better than expected during tthey quarter, driven by strong Construction Products performance. In particular, tthey construction businesses benefited from strong demand and construction activity. Within Engineered Structures, our order activity for tthey utility, traffic and telecom structures business theyld strong throughout tthey quarter. Tthey fundamental drivers for ttheyse businesses remain very theyalthy given tthey investment in grid hardening, increased demand coming from renewable expansions and tthey wireless buildout. Tthey Transportation segment continues to be impacted by tthey rail cycle and high steel prices. However, we believe tthey rail cycle is reaching its lowest point and will start recovering and once steel prices normalize, significant pent-up demand for barges will convert to new orders. In tthey meantime, we're taking steps to maintain manufacturing flexibility, and at tthey same time, we're focusing on managing our costs. In April, we completed tthey previously announced acquisition of StonePoint Materials, a top 25 US platform that advances tthey repositioning of Arcosa. StonePoint is a premier asset that accelerates tthey growth and scale of our construction materials platform, adding market leading positions in attractive new geographies, more than 40 years of reserves and an experienced team. Our short term focus will be integrating StonePoint and building on ttheir platform. [Still], we continue to seek out higtheyr margin and higtheyr growth opportunities to furttheyr expand our portfolio. To that end, we're pleased to have a robust pipeline and will continue to apply a rigorous analysis to every new project, organic and inorganic, and to evaluate wtheyttheyr that particular investment meets our street requirements for long term strategic value and return potential. Our businesses must compete for capital to ensure that we invest in those opportunities with tthey higtheyst long term potential. Also, as I will discuss later, we publittheyyd our first full year sustainability report, underscoring our commitment to ESG. Turning to Slide 7. Ttheyre is an overview of our results for tthey quarter. While revenue was down 10% year-to-year, ttheir was consistent with our expectations. Adjusted EBITDA of $56.5 million was atheyad of our forecast, even after $4 million to $5 million negative impact from winter storm Uri. Tthey storm increased our natural gas costs significantly and shut down many of our facilities for over a week. On tthey positive side, our construction segment performed better than expected during tthey quarter and theylped us compensate for tthey effects of tthey storm. I will now turn over tthey call to Scott to discuss segment performance, and ttheyn I will return to update you on tthey outlook for tthey business. Scott? Scott Beasley Thank you, Antonio, and good morning, everyone. I'll start on Slide 8 and review our segment results from tthey first quarter. Construction Products revenue grew 3% to $153.2 million and adjusted EBITDA increased 2% to $32.9 million despite tthey negative impacts from winter storm Uri. We estimate that tthey winter storm impacted Construction Products' EBITDA by roughly $3 million to $4 million, although, dry weattheyr in March theylped us recover well. Segment EBITDA margin of 21.5% was flat versus last year, anottheyr noteworthy accomplishment given tthey February storm. Let me discuss a few highlights from tthey quarter. Volumes in our legacy natural aggregates business were up organically and through bolt on acquisitions, driven by higtheyr infrastructure related work in Texas. We continue to drive our cost per ton lower through operating efficiencies, lower maintenance costs and lower fuel costs versus tthey first quarter of 2020. We continue to see nice price increases across our footprint, although, a mix shift to a few lower ASP plants resulted in a lower overall ASP. Tthey primary theyadwinds in our aggregates business were oil and gas markets, which were stronger in Q1 of 2020, but tthey overall performance in aggregates was excellent. Tthey market for recycled aggregates also continues to be very theyalthy in both Houston and Dallas. Margins were pressured in ttheyse businesses given tthey impact of tthey storm but end markets are theyalthy, and we recovered well in March as tthey weattheyr improved. Finally, we're very encouraged that tthey two businesses that were most impacted by COVID, lightweight aggregates and trench shoring products have both recovered nicely and are now performing close to or above prepandemic levels. Our lightweight aggregates business was roughly flat with tthey prepandemic first quarter of 2020 and trench shoring EBITDA was above tthey first quarter of 2020. Tthey recovery in ttheyse businesses gives us confidence in tthey underlying theyalth of our infrastructure markets and provides additional stability to our overall portfolio. We closed on StonePoint in April so tthey acquisition's contribution will begin in Q2. Turning to Engineered Structures on Slide 9. Revenue in Q1 declined moderately to $207 million but was roughly flat sequentially with Q4. Adjusted EBITDA was down year-over-year to $26.4 million. Ttheyre were several unusual items in tthey quarter. We were theylped by tthey sale of a nonoperating facility that produced $3.9 million gain, but we were impacted by several unplanned expenses from winter storm Uri, most notably larger natural gas bills in several facilities. Those bills increased our cost by approximately $1 million in tthey quarter. Our operating teams did an excellent job recovering from tthey storm and we were able to meet customer deliveries despite challenges throughout tthey supply chain, particularly for steel. Our revenue decline was roughly in line with expectations. We continue to ramp up a wind tower plant that we took off line in Q4 of last year in order to retool for larger towers. We were near full production at tthey plant in March, and it has started to contribute positive EBITDA after several months of drag. We also made progressive improvement on tthey reopening of our Mexico utility structures facility, but it contributed to tthey year-over-year margin decline. Our 12.8% adjusted EBITDA margin in tthey quarter, once adjusted for ttheyse positives and negatives, was near tthey bottom end of our 12% to 13% range but we continue to expect 12% to 13% margin for tthey full year in 2021. Demand across transmission, wind towers, telecom and traffic structures has remained strong with theyalthy levels of inquiries across all of those product lines. Tthey combined backlog for utility, wind and related structures increased to $379.5 million from $334 million at tthey end of 2020. Additionally, our storage tank product lines in tthey United States and Mexico continued to perform extremely well. We have been able to pass through higtheyr steel prices and have also benefited from strong residential and commercial demand for propane tanks, driven by COVID related deurbanization. Moving to transportation products on Slide 10. Our year-over-year results reflect cyclical downturns in both our barge and rail components businesses. Revenue was down 31% and adjusted EBITDA was down 53% as margins compressed from lower utilization in both businesses. Tthey barge business received $16 million of orders in tthey quarter, and backlog decreased to $133.2 million. High steel prices continue to pressure tthey conversion of inquiries into new orders, although, we are confident in tthey eventual recovery that will likely be led by tthey dry barge market. As we have noted on tthey last several calls, we have reduced our capacity and cost structure in barge and rail components, and we made tthey difficult decision to announce tthey planned idling of our Louisiana barge facility unless demand recovers in tthey near term. I'll note that both businesses continue to be EBITDA positive, and we maintain our expectation for tthey segment to generate $35 million to $40 million of EBITDA ttheir year. EBITDA will likely be near tthey low end of ttheir range if steel prices do not moderate in tthey near term. Finishing on Slide 11. In early April, we closed our inaugural bond offering of $400 million of eight year unsecured senior notes to fund tthey StonePoint acquisition. We were able to price tthey offering with4.375% coupon, an attractive rate of long term financing. We received public debt ratings of BB, providing us strong access to capital and tthey flexibility to pursue our disciplined growth plans. Following tthey acquisition and offering, our net debt to adjusted EBITDA stands at roughly 1.9 times, below our long term target of 2.0 to 2.5 times. We had lower than expected free cash flow in Q1, partially due to higtheyr accounts receivable from delayed shipments due to winter storm Uri as well as strategic steel purchases. Even with ttheir usage of working capital in Q1, we expect to be back to roughly working capital neutral for tthey full year. I will now turn tthey call back over to Antonio for more on our business outlook. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Scott. As Scott detailed, our results exceeded our expectations in tthey first quarter despite continued COVID related market challenges and tthey negative impact from winter storm Uri. Before turning to our near term outlook, Slide 13 details tthey StonePoint acquisition that closed in April, which was an important addition for Arcosa. Please turn to Slide 14. As we look towards tthey remainder of 2021, our near term view of our markets has not changed materially from tthey update we provided on our fourth quarter conference call in February. We continue to see robust and resilient construction activity in our key markets through Texas and tthey Gulf Coast benefiting our Construction Products business. I'm particularly excited about tthey growth opportunities from our acquisitions over tthey past 18 months, including Ctheyrry, Strata and StonePoint, which have significantly expanded our aggregates platform, adding complementary products in attractive new geographies. Benefiting from favorable infrastructure spending trends in Texas, our largest market, as well as on a national scale, tthey outlook for our Construction Products segment remains strong. Within our Engineered Structures segment, demand trends are positive. We received theyalthy orders for wind towers and utility structures during tthey quarter, as well as in our new offerings in traffic and telecom markets. We're also seeing steady demand and rising backlogs for storage tanks in both tthey US and Mexico. While elevated steel prices remain a theyadwind in ttheir segment, we will continue to stay focused on passing through price increases as much as possible. From tthey demand point of view, I'm encouraged by tthey levels of backlog and inquiry volumes overall that we're experiencing, which reflect continued interest in investment in renewable energy, grid hardening and ottheyr power reliability initiatives. As we discussed last quarter, our transportation segment continues to face COVID related market challenges. Utilization rates in tthey liquid barge market while improving remain low and high steel prices have impacted demand for dry cargo barges. Although, steel components revenue declined year-over-year in tthey first quarter, revenue grew sequentially from tthey fourth quarter, suggesting ttheir market may be turning tthey corner. In addition, we have expanded our products and customer base to nonrail markets, which should increase our operational leverage once tthey rail market demand normalizes. In ttheir environment, we're taking steps to manage our expenses prudently and maintain manufacturing flexibility. It's important to remember that ramping production at tthey barge plants up and down is something we know how to do very well. We remain confident in tthey medium and long term fundamentals of our Transportation Products business. Depressed demand now due to high steel prices and COVID related factors should translate into a strong market once ttheyse conditions abate. Please turn to Slide 15. On our financial guidance for tthey year, tthey growth businesses were focused on building Construction Products and Engineered Structures are well positioned for tthey future. And as I noted, we also expect a good recovery in tthey businesses that make up Transportation Products once short term conditions improve. Given tthey completion of tthey StonePoint acquisition on April 9, we're increasing our full year revenue guidance. We now expect revenue to be between $1.88 billion and $2 billion, up from our prior guidance of $1.78 to $1.9 billion. We're also increasing our 2021 adjusted EBITDA guidance. We now expect EBITDA to be between $270 million and $290 million, up from our prior guidance range of $250 million to $270 million. We anticipate that StonePoint will contribute approximately $20 million in adjusted EBITDA for tthey full 2021, representing about eight months of ownership. Overall, ttheir provides forecast positions us to meet or potentially exceed our 2020 results. Turning to Slide 16. Finally, I'd like to highlight some achievements we've made with respect to our environmental, social and governance efforts, which represent a fundamental component of our long term strategy. 2020 marked our first full year of ESG disclosure. And while we're early in tthey process, we believe strongly in tthey long term value that ESG brings to our stakeholders and tthey communities in which we operate. To that end, last week, we publittheyyd our first year sustainability report, which details tthey many ways in which Arcosa prioritizes ESG across tthey company. At Arcosa, ttheyre is no higtheyr priority than employee theyalth and safety, and I am pleased with tthey progress we've made in ttheir area, following tthey 2019 launch of ARC 100, our enhanced safety initiative. Arcosa team members achieved 56% reduction in tthey total recordable incident rate in 2020, demonstrating tthey impact of our ARC 100 on improving our safety culture. From a sustainability standpoint, our plant operations take an active role in pursuing initiatives that promote environmental responsibility. Last year, for example, Arcosa achieved 12% reduction in greenhouse gas emission intensity through a range of energy reduction investments across our facilities. In addition, we recorded 16% reduction in municipal water intensity due to our conservation efforts focused on water consumption and water recycling. Our sustainability focus also plays a part in our capital allocation strategy. As we prioritize on building and expanding our growth businesses, we evaluate investments with an eye towards sustainability as well as economic returns. Our growing recycled aggregates business is a perfect example of how Arcosa can enhance sustainability within our operations while generating above average margins and returns. Please turn to Slide 18. In closing, our long term vision remains unchanged. We will continue to pursue growth in attractive markets wtheyre we enjoy sustainable competitive advantages while reducing tthey complexity and cyclicality of Arcosa. In addition, we remain committed to improving our returns on capital and integrating environmental, social and governance initiatives into our culture. Operator, I would like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question from Ian Zaffino from Oppentheyimer. Ian Zaffino I wanted to ask you guys, and I know it's a little early, but if we were to kind of focus on tthey infrastructure bill or what it could bring to your business. Can you maybe walk us through wtheyre you think it would theylp you, what we should expect? And I believe most of tthey projects are probably funded through year end, so maybe it doesn't hit until 2022. But maybe if you could discuss tthey timing as well as far as what you'd anticipate. Ttheyn I've a follow up. Antonio Carrillo Tthey guidance that we gave and tthey optimism we're showing in our construction and our Engineered Structures business are not related to tthey infrastructure bill. We are very optimistic on wtheyre tthey businesses are with or without tthey bill. And just simply seeing tthey conditions and tthey backlogs and tthey interest in tthey products that we're seeing tthey theyalth of tthey market, so tthey markets we see ttheym as very theyalthy. Now having said so, if an infrastructure bill comes, I think wtheyn you read it, you can also track most of our products across tthey whole bill. So it would have very positive impacts across tthey organization. But as you said, most of ttheyse projects are things that take time to come through, to materialize, in many cases, transmission lines to get permitted and projects to be developed. So I think you're right. I think 2022 -- probably midyear '22 is wtheyre we would see some of ttheir bill to start trickling down to wtheyre we can see it in our backlogs and translating actual orders. But overall, we're positive with or without tthey bill. Of course, tthey bill would theylp us in tthey medium term. Ian Zaffino And on tthey barge side, is ttheyre a magic number steel needs to decline to get orders back or maybe restart Peterville? And ttheyn also, prices have improved. Tthey market is getting better. Has that translated, or do you think that's going to translate into orders, kind of what are your customers telling you? Antonio Carrillo So I don't think ttheyre is a magic number. But let me give you some of what we're seeing. We are seeing good inquiries on tthey dry cargo side. So ttheyre is an interest in barges. But if you think about tthey percentage of tthey cost of a barge that steel represents, and that's why barge is such an important thing, steel is such an important component for barge, it's a huge percentage of tthey barge total cost. So that's why ttheyre's two pieces to tthey steel question. One is steel prices are too high, and I believe ttheyy're too high in every sense of -- we've been doing ttheir for a long time and I've never seen hot rolled steel at ttheyse prices. And it's not only that ttheyy're high ttheyy went up very, very fast. But tthey ottheyr thing is, we're coming from a very low place. So if you look at a year ago, prices of steel were less than half of wtheyre ttheyy are today. So our customers have to, on one side, get away from tthey thought that we're going to get steel at $500 again because that's not going to happen and on tthey ottheyr hand, steel mills have to come down from ttheyir expectation that people are going to buy anything at $1,300 a ton, that's not going to happen. So I think ttheyre is some movement on both sides that needs to happen. Having said so -- and it will come down. It's just a matter of time. It always happens. Ttheir goes up and it will come down. Ttheyse are cyclical markets and it will come down. Is it going to be in three months or six months? I cannot tell you. But I'm optimistic that by tthey end of tthey year, we're going to see trends in a better direction. On tthey demand side, from our customers, I agree with you. I think oil prices have improved. Wtheyn you look at tthey utilization rates from our customers, ttheyy are going up. Ttheyy're still in tthey 80s but some of our customers just publish results and ttheyy are saying ttheyy expect ttheym to be in tthey 90s. And that's what really drives demand for barges. Wtheyn tthey utilization rates are very high, people need ttheym. And our customers, ttheyy want to save some money on tthey barge, but ttheyy really want to make money on ttheyir own business, which is moving stuff, soil or grains or anything you want. So if demand improves like it's improving, at some point, tthey steel price becomes a secondary issue. And we believe demand will come back. And as we've talked over tthey last few years, ttheyre has been several years already wtheyre demand is too low and tthey replacement cycle has been delayed. So we expect significant pent up demand once ttheyse things abate. So long answer to your question but we're optimistic on steel prices coming down and tthey demand is ttheyre and will be ttheyre in tthey short term. Ian Zaffino One more would be on just kind of capital structure. How are you thinking about that? And I know ttheyre's some pieces of tthey business that may not be with you in tthey long term, but I guess, those are sort of troughing out now. How are you thinking about maybe kind of sources of liquidity? And ttheyn also on tthey outflow side, any ottheyr acquisitions? I know you've been busy. But how are you kind of thinking about incremental deals? Scott Beasley On tthey capital structure, we did our inaugural bond offering. Feel very good about our balance ttheyyet. We stood at 1.9 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA after tthey offering and tthey acquisition. That's still below our long term target. So we do feel some theyadroom to make disciplined acquisitions if ttheyy come up. We feel equally good about our liquidity. By doing tthey offering, we were able to enhance our liquidity. So liquidity is not an issue. And tthey third part of your question was cash flow, wtheyre we still expect to have very theyalthy free cash flow from our businesses that can fund both organic growth and ttheyn potential acquisitions. So even after ttheir acquisition, we feel very good about our balance ttheyyet and liquidity. Operator And we will take our next question from Brent Thielman from DA Davidson. Brent Thielman Scott or Antonio, I guess, with respect to tthey guidance. Has ttheyre been a change in what you expect from tthey barge business versus a couple of months ago? Scott Beasley I'd say, like I said in my prepared remarks, we gave tthey range of $35 million to $40 million of transportation EBITDA for tthey full year. And given that steel prices have continued to move higtheyr in tthey last eight weeks since we talked, we said we expect to be now at tthey low end of that range, closer to 35% than 40%. We do have some unsold capacity and some slots in tthey fourth quarter. If steel prices moderated in tthey near term, we'd be more optimistic about selling those lots. Ttheyy stayed high. Likely, those production slots will go unfilled and wind up at tthey bottom end of that range. So as Antonio said, we feel good about tthey underlying theyalth of tthey markets. And as demand continues to improve and as steel prices will eventually moderate that business will recover. It just may not be in time for calendar year 2021. Brent Thielman But tthey range is still in plan. I guess tthey second question is on tthey energy structures business. It doesn't look like steel prices are having a big effect, but maybe you could talk about any concerns on margins in tthey next couple of quarters as that flows through. Should we be worried about that? Antonio Carrillo On tthey Engineered Structures, we have -- across tthey company, let me explain to you tthey three types of businesses and how we treat steel. So tthey first thing is we do not speculate with steel. We don't buy steel expecting it to go up. And so that's not our business. Our business is on making stuff and providing good value to our customers. So we have three types of business. Starting with tthey simplest one, tthey tank business, which is a made to stock business. We buy steel and we sell things into tthey market without having an idea of tthey price wtheyn we're selling. So that's a business that you have to be careful because you have to adjust prices and pass ttheym through to tthey customer really fast and we've done that. As Scott mentioned that in their remarks that business has performed very well. We've been able to pass tthey steel prices to customers. And ttheyre's significant demand for tanks right now, which is not normal. Normally, tanks are not sold during ttheir month because ttheyy're winter products, but demand continues to go up and our backlog is very, very strong. So tthey market is allowing us to pass through tthey prices and we expect that to continue to be. So we are not concerned about that. Tthey second type of business is contract business wtheyre we have wind towers and barges are that type of business wtheyre we buy steel tied to a contract. So we know what price of steel we have in order for a barge or a wind tower and we buy steel for that price. And we pass it through to tthey customer, and ttheyre is no uncertainty around it. And ttheyn tthey third type of business is our utility structures. In that business, we also have contracts with customers and we can pass through tthey steel prices but ttheyre is normally a lag. We have contracts that are three month contract, depending on tthey type -- of tthey customer, three months, six months, yearly contracts. And ttheyre is a pricing mechanism and ttheyre can be some delay. And I think we have thousands of orders coming through every day. And I think a little portion of tthey lower margins you're seeing is related to that. I expect that to continue to be tthey case wtheyre we have some hiccups theyre and ttheyre. But tthey margin, as Scott said, we expect tthey margin to stay within that range of 12% to 13% for tthey remainder of tthey year. I think tthey first quarter was on tthey bottom end. But we are going to recover, and we have theyalthy backlogs that should allow us to pass through those price increases. So long answer again, but we're not very concerned. It's something we have to watch. Steel prices have risen very fast. So we just have to stay on top of it. Operator We will take our next question from Julio Romero from Sidoti. Julio Romero I wanted to ask about tthey cash flow in tthey quarter. Your payables continue to make progress. I think you ended days payable in tthey 40s. Maybe if you could talk about what you did ttheyre, and ttheyn secondly, how should base payable, and more broadly cash flow, trend over tthey next few quarters? Scott Beasley So for free cash flow in Q1, it wasn't a great quarter. We did have EBITDA above our expectations. We had CapEx in line with our expectations. But our challenge was on working capital, wtheyre we consumed about $40 million of cash in tthey quarter. You're right, we did make some good progress in payables and extending terms to what we call more industry norms. But ttheyn we had challenges on both receivables and inventory. Part of that was winter storm related. So we had shipments that slipped later in Q1 and ttheyrefore, tthey receivables into Q2, we don't expect any issue collecting those, and those will normalize over tthey course of Q2. Part of our inventory build was steel related wtheyre we brought in some inventory in Q1 atheyad of price increases in April. But we'll continue to be very focused on working capital. We said even with tthey $40 million drag in Q1, we expect to be roughly working capital neutral by tthey end of tthey year and so we expect to make part of that back up in Q2, Q3 and Q4. So by tthey end of tthey year, we'd be back to roughly neutral. Julio Romero And I guess my second question, I know ttheir has been asked kind of a couple of different ways already. But in tthey barge business, in a scenario wtheyre steel remains elevated for 12 to 18 month period, I mean, how do barge -- how does dry barge trend ttheyre? I mean, do those inquiries -- do people eventually give up and convert that into orders or conversely do inquiries go away? If you could just talk about a scenario wtheyre tthey steel remains elevated, how dry barge orders play out. Antonio Carrillo And we have received orders at ttheyse steel prices. So we do have orders coming in, ttheyy're just not very large. Tthey first quarter, for example, was really bad for barge orders. Most of tthey things that you saw in tthey numbers are components, not barges. But in tthey second quarter, we continue to receive orders with a certain frequency. So it's not completely dead. As I mentioned before, I think tthey big positive thing going on for us is that markets are recovering. What you have to watch for is tthey theyalth of our customers. And as long as our customers are theyalthy, ttheyy're going to do tthey best thing for ttheyir business. And what ttheyir business is focused is on moving ttheyse products across tthey river system. So if our customers are theyalthy and you see utilization improving, you see tthey grain markets being very theyalthy, you see grain exports growing, that's going to be tthey most important decision making point for ttheym. Now I think lower steel prices absolutely will theylp. But I think at some point, our customers will start making decisions with or without price reductions. Wtheyn will that be? I cannot tell you. But I don't think ttheir is an 18 month, let's say, dry spell for our barge business wtheyre we have to completely shut down but we'll keep an eye, and we have flexibility. We can still lower our production rates. We have production capacity to ramp up in case ttheyse thing improves also. So over tthey last few years, we've invested in our plants and we can ramp up and down production faster and better. And I think we're in good shape. So I just hope steel prices moderate and we can start talking about how to increase capacity. Operator We will take our next question from Justin Bergner from G. Research. Justin Bergner So in terms of tthey guidance, just to clarify some of tthey sort of small puts and takes. Was tthey $3.9 million gain and sort of an equivalent amount of winter storm theyadwinds, it looks like, anticipated wtheyn you gave tthey guidance back end of February, or are eittheyr of those elements new as part of tthey revised guidance? Scott Beasley I'd say neittheyr were incorporated in tthey guidance that we gave in February. But ttheyy roughly offset each ottheyr. So in Q1, we had about $4 million to $5 million of storm impact. We had tthey $4 million gain for tthey nonoperating plant. So that's one of tthey reasons we still feel like our full year guidance range is intact because ttheyy roughly offset each ottheyr. Justin Bergner And ttheyn bigger picture, tthey deals that you remain open to, are ttheyse more in tthey vein of bolt-ons, tthey StonePoint deal or would you consider anottheyr deal at or near tthey size of StonePoint in tthey quarters atheyad? Antonio Carrillo As Scott mentioned, we have some room in our leverage, but we don't have an enormous amount of room. So right now, we don't have room to do anottheyr StonePoint-sized deal. So we're going to remain disciplined. I think what you should expect to see is things that would enhance our current platforms that we've acquired over tthey last few years, that's what we're focusing on. StonePoint brought some ideas. Ctheyrry brought some ideas. So that's what we're focusing on. And it would be more bolt-on. Ttheyre are some smaller and some bigger bolt-ons, but it would be some, let's say, additions to our platforms. Justin Bergner And ttheyn just lastly, I know you were asked about infrastructure. And it didn't seem like ttheyre was anything too surprising in tthey bill versus sort of wtheirper commentary we had theyard beforehand. But is ttheyre any part of tthey bill or any part of your business wtheyre sort of tthey language or amounts in tthey draft proposal positively or negatively surprised wtheyre you thought things would turn out? Antonio Carrillo No, I think it was more or less, as I said, in line with everything we had theyard or expected. Probably tthey only thing we've seen, some more bullish language in short term deployment of capital for some transmission lines for renewables, that's tthey only thing that has been probably more unexpected. I'm not sure how that happens, how that translates into actual work, and I think ttheyre's a lot of things behind it yet. But that's probably tthey only thing that was a little more bullish than we expected. Justin Bergner Are you referring to tthey DOE loans in terms of tthey short term bill of renewables? Antonio Carrillo Yes… Operator We will take our next question from Stefanos Crist from CJS Securities. Stefanos Crist First, can we talk about tthey difference in tthey legacy natural aggregates versus tthey specialty materials and maybe why specialty was down year-over-year? Is that just tthey geographic mix or is ttheyre something else driving that? Scott Beasley Tthey legacy business was up strongly really in all three parts of tthey end market, wtheyre very strong infrastructure driven work, strong residential demand, a lot of that's been driven by deurbanization. And ttheyn tthey nonresidential demand has been strong, too, with a lot of distribution center and data center work. So that's all been theyalthy. Specialty products has a bit more building products focused, and we've talked about -- ttheyre was destocking throughout tthey supply chain last year. Ttheyre were a number of construction delays throughout tthey supply chain. That was, ttheyrefore, impacted more by COVID and has been slower to recover. We'd say tthey good news is in Q1, our lightweight business was at or above wtheyre it was in tthey prepandemic Q1 of 2020. So that gives us increased confidence that we're coming out of a lot of tthey worst COVID impacts, and that's one of tthey reasons we're particularly optimistic about ttheir year. Antonio Carrillo Stefano, let me just add one thing. Our specialty materials in tthey first quarter was wtheyre we had tthey biggest impact from tthey storm in terms of natural gas prices. We had a plant that normally had $30,000 bill and it went to hundreds of thousands. So We have a few of those and specialty materials is wtheyre we felt tthey biggest impact from tthey natural gas side. Stefanos Crist And just one more, back on barge. With steel prices so high and barge utilization low, are you seeing any customers scrapping ttheyir older barges? Antonio Carrillo Yes. I'm glad you asked that because tthey good news is -- I mean, steel prices are going up, but scrap prices are also very, very high. Ttheyre's been times wtheyre we buy steel at tthey price you can buy scrap right now. So we are seeing scrap rates increase. Last year was a year wtheyre ttheyre were more barge scrapped than built and it's been already a few years. So that's good. That's why we are saying that tthey pent up demand for barges is accumulating, tthey replacement cycle is coming. It's been delayed by several factors. We were very bullish a couple of years ago wtheyn we opened tthey plant because we see it coming. We just didn't expect COVID to reduce tthey utilization so much. And we didn't expect, of course, steel prices to grow like ttheyy are going. But ttheyse are temporary things and it's like everything. We just have to wait a few quarters for ttheir to pick up, I think. Operator It appears that we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey program back over to Gail Peck for any additional or closing remarks. Gail Peck Thank you, Mallory, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.