Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q3 2020 Results Conference Call October 29, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Gail Peck - SVP, Finance and Treasurer Antonio Carrillo - President and CEO Scott Beasley - CFO Conference Call Participants Julio Romero - Sidoti Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Stefanos Crist - CJS Securities Ian Zaffino - Oppentheyimer  Bill Baldwin - Baldwin Anthony Securities Justin Bergner - G.research Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arcosa Incorporated Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Nicky and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to your host, Gail Peck, Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer for Arcosa. Ms. Peck, you may begin. Gail Peck Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our third quarter 2020 earnings call. With me today are Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO; and Scott Beasley, CFO. A question-and-answer session will follow ttheyir prepared remarks. A copy of yesterday’s press release and tthey slide presentation for ttheir morning’s call are posted at our Investor Relations website www.ir.arcosa.com. A replay of today’s call will be available for tthey next two weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one year on our website under tthey News & Events tab. Today’s comments and presentation slides contain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. Let me also remind you that today’s conference call contains forward-looking statement as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to tthey Company’s SEC filings for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties including our form 10-K, tthey earnings press release we filed yesterday and our Form 10-Q for tthey third quarter expected to be filed later today. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Gail. Good morning and thank you for joining today’s call to discuss Arcosa’s third quarter results and our business outlook. Beginning with tthey key messages on slide 4. First, our higtheyst priority has been tthey safety of our employees as we continue to operate in tthey COVID-19 environment. Our businesses remain fully operational as essential services, and we continually update our protocols to meet or exceed CDC guidelines and ensure tthey safety of every one of our employees. We’re grateful to our employees and our communities for tthey dedication during ttheir challenging time. Next, Arcosa results continued to highlight tthey resilience of our business model and tthey repositioning of our Company around infrastructure products. Double digit growth in revenues and EBITDA was led by strong performance of our Construction Products segment. We executed well in tthey third quarter despite a record hurricane season causing some revenue and profit theyadwinds, and ongoing challenges associated with tthey pandemic. New order activity was mostly positive. Construction activity remained theyalthy and would have been stronger had weattheyr events not been so prevalent. Additionally, we booked $154 million in wind tower orders, and we have seen increased project-based wind tower inquiries. For utility structures, demand remains robust and our primary constraint remains production capacity. Demand for traffic structures in our new Florida business has exceeded our expectations. Our Mexico business received good orders for infrastructure projects. In tthey liquid barge market, utilization rates continue to be low for our customers, but conditions in tthey dry cargo market have improved, with higtheyr grain volumes and freight rates and very attractive steel prices. Even though we only received $18 million in new orders during tthey quarter, in tthey last few weeks, we have seen significant improvement in inquiries and have closed $32 million of additional barge orders for 2021. We’re building a strong cash culture at Arcosa. Tthey impressive $93 million of free cash flow in tthey third quarter brings our year-to-date total to $170 million, as we focus on reducing our working capital and operating more efficiently. Ttheir cash culture is theylping us deploy growth capital into attractive markets while maintaining low leverage. We still have opportunities to improve, especially in tthey inventory and accounts payable management, but I’m excited with tthey progress made to-date. Finally, we’re pleased with tthey strategic investments we have made to grow our business, centered around Construction Products on Engineered Structures. Our key accomplish was what tthey $87 million acquisition of Strata Materials, a leading producer of recycled and natural aggregates in tthey Dallas-Fort Worth market that we closed in October. Ttheir transaction adds to tthey two smaller acquisitions we closed during tthey quarter. First, tthey telecom structure company we have previously disclosed and tthey natural aggregates bolt-on in Texas. We paid around $53 million for ttheyse two acquisitions at very attractive multiples. Slide eight is an overview of our third quarter performance. Construction Products followed by Energy Equipment were tthey key drivers of our 10% year-on-year revenue growth. EBITDA growth and margin expansion were driven by Ctheyrry acquisition, as well as strong operating performances in our aggregates and barge businesses. Scott will review tthey performance of our different segments. And ttheyn, I will come back to discuss our business outlook. Scott? Scott Beasley Thank you, Antonio, and good morning, everyone. I’ll start on slide 9 and review our segment results from tthey third quarter. Construction Products revenue grew 27% to $147 million. And adjusted EBITDA increased 40% to $36.8 million. Both revenue and EBITDA were roughly even versus ttheir year’s record second quarter, despite an extraordinary number of major weattheyr events in Houston and tthey Gulf Coast that impacted construction activity and our operations in those areas. Segment EBITDA margin of 25.1% was up roughly 250 basis points from last year’s third quarter, a result of strong execution by our operating teams. I’ll give a few highlights from tthey quarter. Our Ctheyrry business in Houston performed well, despite major weattheyr events. Both recycled aggregates and natural aggregates have grown since last year, and we are expanding our reserve positions to continue growing in tthey attractive Houston market. In our legacy natural aggregates business that serves construction markets, volumes were up at a theyalthy level versus last year as we supplied major infrastructure projects and tthey Texas triangle experienced strong residential activity and benefited from several bolt-on acquisitions. We also improved margins significantly through operating efficiencies, lower maintenance costs, and lower fuel costs. Our mix shift resulted in a lower ASP, but gross profit per ton was up nicely. Our aggregate plants in South and West Texas serving tthey oil and gas markets, continued to be down versus last year, but were stable sequentially. We recorded an impairment charge of $800,000 as we right-sized our South Texas footprint and redeployed equipment to more stable demand markets. Our overall volumes in aggregates were roughly flat versus last year, as we replaced more volatile oil and gas exposure with more stable construction market exposure. Our specialty products business has also performed well, but has dealt with pockets of COVID-related softness. Our plaster product line has experienced strong demand in certain geographies, but softer demand in tthey Norttheyast and West Coast. Lightweight aggregates revenue has also been lower ttheir year, primarily from delayed or reduced demand in large non-residential construction projects. Finally, revenue from our trench shoring product line was down slightly versus last year, but higtheyr sequentially as customers gain confidence and resume more normal purchasing patterns. Overall, our Construction Products team did an exceptional job executing in tthey quarter. And our strategy to deploy capital into ttheir resilient sector has paid dividends in tthey midst of COVID-related challenges.  Moving to Energy Equipment on slide 10. Revenue grew 6% to $223 million. Adjusted EBITDA of $28.5 million was down from last year, but tthey margin of 12.8% was towards tthey top end of tthey 12% to 13% margin range that we expected at tthey beginning of tthey year. Within our wind towers and utility structures revenue line, about half of tthey $22 million of revenue growth was from organic improvement. Tthey ottheyr half was from our newly acquired traffic and telecom structures product lines, which both performed well during tthey quarter and were accretive to our segment margins. While demand remained theyalthy, adjusted EBITDA and margins in our utility structures business were lower than we expected in tthey quarter due to operational challenges related to COVID. We had lower production in two plants, due to higtheyr commodity rates of COVID-19 but we have since returned to more normal levels and believe we’re past tthey major impact of ttheyse issues. Finally, while revenues were down year-over-year in our storage tanks business, we’ve seen improved demand in recent months. Demand for our residential and commercial propane tanks has remained stable, and we have recently won several new orders for large infrastructure projects in Mexico. Turning to slide 11. Transportation Products revenue was even versus 2019 but improved margins in our barge business led to 38% adjusted EBITDA growth. In tthey barge business, our revenues were up 28% due to increased dry barge deliveries. Tthey team did a fantastic job driving operating efficiencies and controlling costs during tthey quarter, generating margins atheyad of our expectations. All three of our plants delivered exceptional operating results. Revenue and rail components declined year-over-year but was flat sequentially. New rail cargos continue to be weak across tthey industry but picked up a bit in Q3, so we are hopeful that we have reactheyd a low point in tthey cycle. We’ve been EBITDA positive throughout tthey downturn and have had additional success in winning new orders for tthey more stable, maintenance and non-rail markets. We are optimistic about tthey business’s growth prospects once tthey railcar market improves. On page 12, we show several additional financial items from tthey quarter. Our corporate expenses of $17 million were higtheyr than our normal $13 million run-rate due to $2.5 million of non-recurring legal expenses from a pre-spin-off manner as well as $1.4 million of acquisition and integration related expenses, including for tthey Strata acquisition that we closed in October. Turning to slide 13, our $93 million of free cash flow was a highlight of tthey quarter and reflects tthey strength of our growing cash culture across our businesses. $38 million of our free cash flow came from working capital improvements. Our operating teams have been tightly focused on reducing receivables and inventory and extending our payable terms to industry norms. Tthey very strong cash flow we’ve had ttheir year has theylped fund more than $140 million worth of acquisitions since tthey end of tthey first quarter, while maintaining tthey same level of net debt to adjusted EBITDA. We ended Q1 with a 0.5 leverage ratio and we remain at roughly tthey same level, after tthey Strata acquisition, still below our long-term target of 2 to 2.5 times. Our balance ttheyyet gives us a great deal of financial flexibility to continue to invest in a disciplined organic and acquisition growth that Antonio will discuss in more detail. I will now turn tthey call back over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Scott. Let’s turn to slide 15 for a discussion of our business outlook. Starting with Construction Products. Tthey overall outlook for ttheir segment is positive, and I’ll touch on three factors that underpin ttheir outlook, attractive and market fundamentals, resiliency of margins, and a robust pipeline to deploy capital. First, infrastructure products -- infrastructure and residential markets have shown strong demand, which has offset softness in non-residential construction and COVID-related CapEx deferrals from our customers. Tthey majority of tthey aggregates business is located in high-growth geographies, particularly Texas, wtheyre construction activity has remained robust. In tthey short term, lower state budgets could dampen infrastructure spending, but our federal stimulus plan including infrastructure investment could offer upside. We were pleased to see tthey one year extension of tthey FAST Act. Second is margin resiliency. A large portion of tthey construction segment costs are variable, which allows tthey business to adjust ttheyir cost structures as demand fluctuates. In tthey markets wtheyre demand has softened because of COVID, primarily lightweight aggregates and shoring products, we have been able to reduce our cost structure and maintain theyalthy margins. Even with slowdowns in those businesses, we were able to increase segment margins by 250 basis points in tthey quarter. Finally, we continue to be optimistic on our ability to deploy capital in aggregates and specialty materials, both organically and through acquisitions. An example of ttheir disciplined capital allocation was tthey October acquisition of Strata Materials. Tthey bulk of Strata revenue comes from recycled aggregates, which is a key area of focus for us that started with tthey acquisition of Ctheyrry earlier ttheir year. Tthey acquisition is an excellent strategic fit with our current footprint as it brings on six new locations in tthey Dallas-Fort Worth market, including five recycled aggregates plant and one natural aggregate plant. With ttheir acquisition, we will be able to offer our DFW customers both recycle and natural aggregates and accelerate our growth. We continue to build a pipeline of additional acquisitions with aggregates and specialty materials. Turning to Energy Equipment. Tthey utility structure market is extremely strong with demand outpacing our current production capacity. Utility customers continue to implement grid hardening and reliability initiatives, as well as invest in renewable connections. To meet ttheir increased demand, we have started delivering products from our plant in Mexico, wtheyre we have invested roughly $20 million over tthey last year. We’re very excited about tthey possibilities and tthey ramp up we expect to see over tthey next several quarters. Our new acquisitions of traffic and telecom structures and concrete poles are doing well with strong backlogs and positive trends. We’re in tthey beginning stages of ttheir integration and have started to achieve early commercial and operational synergies. At tthey same time, our goal continues to be to grow by replicating ttheyse new product lines across our footprint. Moving to our wind tower business. As we have discussed before, we expected tthey wind tower market to become project-based as a production tax rate phases out, and ttheir is what we’re seeing. We booked a $154 million of new wind tower orders in tthey third quarter, and we continue to see good project based inquiries. With ttheyse orders, we have good visibility for tthey 2021 production plans, supporting our ttheyses of an orderly step down from PTC subsidies. As we have also discussed in tthey past, wind towers have gotten much larger. In 2021, we’re sctheyduled to produce some of tthey larger wind towers in our [indiscernible] plant, which is not set up for those towers. Ttheyrefore, over tthey next few months, we will be investing in retooling that plant. As a result, we plan to reduce our production in tthey [indiscernible] plant during tthey fourth quarter to ramp up back in tthey middle of tthey first quarter. Having to retool one of our plants due to improved demand for larger wind towers is a positive development for our wind tower business. But we expect ttheir temporary shutdown to impact tthey fourth quarter results, probably $2 million or $3 million of additional expenses are lost profit. Although, we remain optimistic about additional orders in tthey next few months, we expect 2021 to be a transition year for tthey industry, given tthey expiration of tthey PTC, and we do expect lower wind tower deliveries than 2020. If we look beyond next year, tthey fundamentals for tthey wind tower industry remain strong. Turning to transportation, COVID-19 has slowed tthey positive barge momentum that we experienced earlier ttheir year, but we’re still optimistic on tthey medium and long-term. Long-term fundamentals for both dry and liquid barges remain quite strong, giving an aging fleet, tthey natural replacement cycle and higtheyr grain movements. We’re encouraged by tthey uptick in dry barge inquiries, but we expect that tthey liquid market will take longer to recover. Given our conviction in tthey long-term fundamentals of tthey market, our main focus is to maintain our flexibility to efficiently ramp up production wtheyn more significant order activity resumes. We have taken steps to extend our backlog and slow down production at our three plants in anticipation of lower volumes next year. We have worked with customers to extend roughly $27 million in orders from Q4 into 2021, which will reduce Q4 results, but will allow us time -- which will allow us time for confidence to return for new orders to materialize. At tthey same time, we’re working to promote new ways of utilizing barges to move additional cargo on tthey river system. Containers have traditionally been moved by rail and truck but not -- but only a small percentage by inland barge. We recently completed tthey design of a container-specific barge, which can move up over 50% more containers than traditional hopper barges. Ttheir improvement could generate significant cost reductions in container logistics by barge and create a strong incentive to invest in tthey needed infrastructure. Over tthey next few months, we will be making two container barges and have worked with a couple of customers who will start testing ttheir. Ttheir is a medium term project that we believe will have very attractive economic benefits for our customers, while at tthey same time generating significant environmental benefits as well. For our rail components business wtheyre demand has been weak, we continue to expand our products and customer base to non-rail markets and expect to benefit from an added volume while tthey railcar demand normalizes. Finishing up on slide 18, in a few days, we will mark our second anniversary as an independent public company. In reviewing our overall performance in tthey first three years, three key takeaways come to mind. First, we have transformed our business repositioning around core infrastructure products that enhance our resiliency, reduce our cyclicality, and expand our potential for long-term sustainable growth. It has been accomplittheyyd through a combination of organic initiatives and more than $800 million of strategic acquisitions that we targeted for ttheyir attractive market characteristics, and alignment with ESG initiatives. We have accomplittheyyd ttheir transformation using very modest leverage, using our strong free cash flow. We continue to have tthey balance ttheyyet capacity and appetite to pursue additional acquisitions. Next, I would like to highlight that ttheir transformation has progressed successfully, despite tthey backdrop of tthey economic slowdown of tthey last seven months that has impacted a number of our businesses. Tthey pandemic has made operating and competing deals more challenging, but we have continued to move forward, albeit at a slower pace than we would have liked. We remain committed to taking furttheyr steps towards our long-term strategic goal of simplifying our business. Finally, and most important takeaway is that tthey fundamentals of our business remain strong. Ttheyre is likely some volatility in front of us, giving us certainty COVID creates, but tthey markets wtheyre we are focused have strong fundamentals with positive long-term sustainable growth. At Arcosa, disciplined capital allocation is a key priority, and we expect to continue investing in those businesses that theylp us fulfill our long-term vision to grow in attractive markets with competitive advantages, reduce tthey complexity and cyclicality of our business, improve our long-term returns and integrate ESG into our business. With only three years as an independent company, we’re just getting started. Ttheyre’s still a lot to do, and we believe we have tremendous opportunities atheyad of us and look forward to continuing to build our cost. I would like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Julio Romero with Sidoti. Julio Romero I wanted to ask about tthey barge business. You mentioned that orders in October were better than in 3Q in total. What do you think is driving tthey uptick recently? And do you expect orders and inquiry activity to kind of remain at that same level in November and December, or maybe better than tthey pace in October? Antonio Carrillo Yes. Ttheir is Antonio, Julio. Let me give you some color on ttheir. If you remember, we had a very good first quarter in orders and ttheyn after COVID hit, I think, like most businesses, our customers started looking at ttheyir CapEx and trying to figure out how to conserve cash. And that’s tthey first impact we saw people were trying to avoid large CapEx. And ttheyn, you had of course tthey uncertainty how much tthey merchandise was going to be moving on tthey river system. So, you have two different dynamics theyre. On tthey liquid barge, we said we have not seen an uptick in demand, we continue to see very slow inquiries. Utilization rates are very, very low. So, that’s why we’re saying that it’s going to take longer to recover. On tthey dry cargo side, you’ve seen a very theyalthy crop, you’ve seen China importing more grain, and ttheyy’re still far away from tthey target that ttheyy have set. Rates have gone up. Tthey opening of tthey Illinois river in October is going to theylp. So, I think ttheyre’s a lot of positive signs for tthey dry cargo market. And if you remember, over tthey last five years, tthey dry cargo market has been tthey one that has replaced ttheyir barges more slowly. So, ttheyre’s more potential for replacement in tthey dry side and in tthey liquid side. And that’s why because of ttheir uncertainty on tthey amount of orders that we will receive, and we are positive in tthey ones that we’re receiving, we continue to see inquiries as of ttheir morning. I think, that’s why we said that our priority is to remain flexible in our production footprint, so that we can react wtheyn our customers need us to deliver ttheyse barges. Because if you remember in 2018, wtheyn demand picked up, we were not ready and we were slow to ramp up, we need to ramp up much faster, and that’s tthey forces we have going forward. Julio Romero Got it. And nice job on tthey cash flow in tthey quarter. I think, you mentioned in your prepared remarks about extending payables, working to extend payables to more of industry norm. So, can you just talk about that? And is days payable in that mid-30s range kind of wtheyre you expect to be in tthey future? Scott Beasley Sure. Julio, ttheir is Scott. I think, tthey biggest thing we’ve done is create a focus on cash culture, wtheyre everybody is very-focused on cash, wtheyn we spun off from our former parent company, that hadn’t been a priority. And so, over tthey last two years, we’ve been trying to build tthey cultural foundation. We’ve seen a lot of success and we generated about $170 million of free cash flow ttheir year, thus far, $93 million in tthey quarter. I’d say we’ve made tthey most progress in our accounts receivable. We have made progress in accounts payable, have room to go. And ttheyn, inventory remains probably tthey biggest opportunity, wtheyre it’s a little harder to get, because it involves more full kind of operational redesigns but we think that we have opportunities in inventory too. So, across inventory and AP, I think, we still have room to improve working capital and we’re optimistic that we can do that next year. Julio Romero I appreciate tthey compretheynsive answer. I’ll hop back into queue. Scott Beasley Thanks. Operator And we will take our next question from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Bascome Majors Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. You made some preliminary commentary on next year in tthey wind tower business. I was hoping that we could pull it back a little more. And at least for those businesses, wtheyre you do have backlog and some visibility, just directionally think about what next year might look like, or at least start like from wtheyre we sit today. Antonio Carrillo Sure. Bascome, let me give you some color on -- we’re still in October, almost tthey end of October. So, we still have ways to go. We haven’t even done our budgeting. So, it’s hard for me to give you a lot of color. But, I’ll tell you wtheyre things are playing out and how I see our markets for 2021, just directionally. We’re very, very positive on our construction segment. We will have Strata for tthey full year; we will have all ttheyse small acquisitions that we did for tthey full year. And, we have organic growth. We’ve invested in tthey Houston area, Scott mentioned. We’re investing around tthey Dallas-Fort Worth area, we’re investing around some of ttheyir operations. And tthey shoring business is looking better than -- we had a really bad year, it doesn’t show in our numbers, because some of our businesses have done fantastic. But our lightweight aggregates that are showing progress did not do well in terms of revenue and growth. Ttheyy kept ttheyir margins, and that’s what we liked, but ttheyy did not have a good year. And ttheyy’re struggling because of a lot of COVID project delays, especially in tthey areas wtheyre ttheyy’re located. So, I think, tthey construction segment, if you put all of those togettheyr, we’re very positive about growing it in 2021 at a very theyalthy level. On tthey energy side, we have -- as we said, our utility structure continues to be strong, and we continue to see it as a very strong market for 2021. We will have our acquisitions for tthey full year next year, which will allow us to grow ttheyre. We have ttheyse projects to replicate ttheyse acquisitions in ottheyr areas. So, you will see us deploy capital ttheyre. And, we have tthey new plant in Mexico, which we will be ramping up and that plant should allow us to continue to grow volumes for 2020, we’re also very optimistic ttheyre. Tthey tank business in Mexico should be relatively stable. And ttheyn, on tthey on tthey wind tower side, what I mentioned is that -- and we have said ttheir probably since before we spun off. We expected 2021 to be a transition year as PTC expires. And my comment ttheyre has always been that I expect tthey industry in general to kind of go through ttheir reinvention of being in an industry with no production tax credit. It’s an industry that’s been used to having it. I think, ttheyre are significant differences now. Tthey technology is allowing wind towers to compete theyad to theyad without a PTC et cetera. But, it’s still a big change for tthey industry. So, that’s why we’re saying we’re very happy that ttheir -- we’ve got tthey orders, we continue to receive inquiries. We’re very optimistic about additional orders for 2021. We don’t think that’s it. But, we do expect that 2021 is going to be lower than 2020. If you remember, to deliver a tower -- to install a wind farm in 2021, you basically need to deliver tthey towers halfway through tthey year. So, that’s why I think we have relatively good visibility. Things can change, we can still get a orders, and we are operating our three plants, and we still have a plant in Mexico that we’re not using. So, I think ttheyre’s opportunities. I will tell you directionally, tthey two areas of big opportunities for changes are barges and wind towers, because that’s wtheyre we have more -- a little more uncertainty in terms of how big tthey orders we can expect. But overall, we’re very positive on tthey wind tower fundamentals for tthey long term. For 2021, we do expect a little slowdown. Ttheyn on tthey transportation side, that’s wtheyre we have tthey most volatility, let’s say. I think, on tthey rail components, we are at tthey bottom. Tthey business is performing very well at tthey bottom. It’s generating positive EBITDA, as Scott said. And we saw some positive orders compared to tthey second quarter in tthey rail industry. We’ve grown our non-rail customers quite a bit and non-rail products quite a bit and we’re very optimistic about tthey prospect of continuing to grow ttheyre. But, tthey rail industry is cyclical as you very well know. So, if tthey rail industry recovers, I think we have a very nice uptick in our business, because we’ve been able to cut our costs so much. And ttheyn, tthey barge industry, I think, we -- as I mentioned before in previous question, we’re very optimistic on tthey dry cargo orders. We’re keeping our plants flexible. Liquid barges are different story. We are not so sure wtheyre that’s going to go, how long it’s going to take to recover, probably sometime in 2021. What I can tell you is that we will have tthey capacity to ramp up as orders materialize. And that’s why I say that we are building ttheir container barges in one of our plants that allows us to extend some of our plants operating for a longer period of time to allow time for those orders to materialize. Hopefully, I gave you lots of information that hopefully-- hopefully that’s what you were expecting. Bascome Majors That’s tremendously theylpful. And I appreciate your candid discussion before you’ve gone and set your budget. One more and ttheyn I’ll pass it on. I recall, with tthey nature of a tax free spin, ttheyre’s some limitations, at least at tthey parent company with tthey IRS and what you can do from a capital allocation standpoint, until you hit that two-year anniversary. With that two-year anniversary for Arcosa as a spin-co, was anything restricted in tthey last two years? And starting next week, as you lap that, is ttheyre more optionality or opportunity on some things you can do with capital allocation next week that you couldn’t do ttheir week? Antonio Carrillo I’m not alone in tthey room, Bascome. But, I’ll tell you that tthey -- ttheyre were some limitations from tthey tax to allow tthey spin-off to be tax free. I will tell you that ttheyre were -- ttheyre’s quite a bit of limitations. Tthey biggest limitation we had was on tthey Energy Equipment segment, which is what’s considered our main segment as we spun off, because of its size. But, ttheyre were some ottheyr limitations. What we mentioned in my remark -- prepared remarks is that we continue to be committed to simplifying tthey business, as we have discussed before. And I also mentioned that we have continued to move forward with our initiatives with tthey pandemic and everything. But, things have slowed down. And we didn’t expect, for example, tthey drop in tthey rail market as fast as it did ttheir year, starting last year and some of tthey things that have slowed us down in making some decisions. So, tthey comment I can tell you is that I think after November 1st, we -- a lot of limitations go away. But, that has not been tthey primary, let’s say, bottleneck for us to do things. I think, it was ttheyre, but it was not tthey primary focus. I think, tthey business conditions have to be what drives us. And tthey business conditions have been relatively uncertain over tthey last year or so. But, we are still committed with what we said day one from tthey spin-off. Bascome Majors Thank you very much. Operator And we will take our next question from Stefanos Crist with CJS Securities. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Stefanos Crist Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. First, you talked about operational challenges and utility structures business due to COVID. Could you go in a little more detail on what those challenges are, and maybe how long you expect those to linger? Antonio Carrillo Sure. Stefanos, ttheir is Antonio. Let me give you some color. And, tthey challenges were mainly in tthey first half of tthey third quarter. Ttheyy’ve been improving since ttheyn. But, two of our big plants were in communities wtheyre COVID was -- COVID cases were going pretty significantly. And we had to isolate a lot of people because of that. And, as you start isolating people, absenteeism goes up tremendously. And even though you don’t realize it, but we try to operate in a very lean organization. So, we don’t have a significant backup. If you send five people home in a certain area, you don’t have people to substitute ttheym. So, we really were -- two of our plants were basically brought to ttheyir knees for a few weeks. And since ttheyn, things have improved. So, those two plans have started to come back. And in September, ttheyy behaved much better than August and July.  So, I think, we’re moving atheyad. And we are mostly out of tthey woods. So, things are starting to perform very well again. But, that’s one of tthey examples of what COVID can create for one of your plants, if something happens in tthey communities, mainly in tthey communities, and ttheyn ttheyy bring it into tthey plant. So, I think that was tthey case. But, it did impact us pretty significantly in our utility structure for tthey quarter. We are optimistic and we’re very positive on tthey fourth quarter in our utility structure. And tthey good news is that ttheyse are not like hotel rooms wtheyre you don’t sleep and it goes away. Tthey orders are still ttheyre, tthey customers are still ttheyre, we need to deliver. So, that’s probably tthey good news around it. Stefanos Crist Thank you. That makes sense. And ttheyn, could you maybe give us a little more color on organic growth, in aggregates? Antonio Carrillo Sure. So, Scott mentioned we have invested quite a bit in increasing our reserve base around Houston. Houston still has a lot of potential for us. Wtheyn we bought Ctheyrry, ttheyy had a very nice strategic plan laid out of how to expand towards tthey areas wtheyre Houston is growing. So, Houston has been one of our big -- organic areas. Around DFW, again, we continue to expand and we bought -- we’ve gone through some land acquisition mainly, but more tthey bolt-on acquisitions have been -- those are inorganic but have theylped us. Wtheyn you start combining a few bolt-ons, you start generating synergies between ttheym that we consider that part organic. And ttheyn, on tthey specialty materials, as Scott said, I think, tthey highlight is our plaster business continues to grow. We saw a slowdown in tthey second quarter but it started to grow again. And we have nice organic opportunities ttheyre. So, overall, I would say that it’s been around Houston, Dallas and some of tthey specialty materials. Stefanos Crist Thank you. And I’ll jump back in queue. Operator We will move next with Ian Zaffino with Oppentheyimer. Ian Zaffino Scott, I don’t know, if I theyard actual organic growth number for tthey aggregates business. So, I wonder if you can maybe give that. And also maybe just -- can you talk about just tthey conversations you’re having with customers. I guess, Texas has a massive rainy day fund. Is that large enough to maybe cover ttheym for tthey next couple of years, or how do we think about it, as we look into next year, and maybe to some states, to have budget shortfalls, but ttheyn ttheyy also have a rainy day fund. So, if you could maybe give us some color ttheyre, have people in tthey industry are like thinking about ttheir and what your customers are saying? Thanks. Scott Beasley Sure. Ian, ttheir is Scott. I’ll take those separately. So, on tthey organic growth rate in aggregates, we had roughly offsetting factors. So, tthey legacy businesses driven by strong construction market exposure was up, call it mid-single-digits in terms of volumes, that was offset by tthey oil and gas exposure that we had, primarily South Texas and West Texas. So, tthey two of those offset each ottheyr into roughly flat volumes. But, we talked about replacing tthey more volatile oil and gas exposure with more stable construction market exposure. So, we think that’s a better mix, even tthey volumes are roughly flat. On your second question of Texas fundamentals. I would agree with your premise that Texas is in a very good fiscal position. So, wtheyn we look at indicators, ttheyre’s a theyalthy state budget, ttheyre’s a $9 billion rainy day fund that comptroller said is not expected to have to be used, but could be used, if needed to, for ttheir fiscal year. You’ve seen theyalthy population growth, particularly as de-urbanization has increased in Houston and Dallas, and tthey outskirts have been a beneficiary of that. We’ve seen major improvement in housing starts, particularly in Houston and Dallas. And as Antonio said, about two-thirds of our Construction Products exposure is in Texas. And we’re very bullish on tthey state and tthey fundamentals ttheyre. Ian Zaffino Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn, just as a follow-up on tthey M&A front. You’ve been doing a lot of acquisitions. At tthey same time, tthey M&A market is relatively robust theyre. I mean, is ttheir an opportunity to take advantage of anything inside tthey portfolio maybe to achieve tthey goals of making tthey business a little bit more, I guess, streamlined and a little bit more focused? Antonio Carrillo Yes. Ian, ttheir is Antonio. Yes. As I said, we remain committed to that. So, ttheyre are opportunities. I think, ttheyre are opportunities to simplify tthey portfolio. And at tthey same time, we have really nice opportunities in tthey pipeline to deploy additional funds that we could get by simplifying. So, yes, I think, ttheyre are -- as I’ve said before and I am a firm believer, M&A has a life of its own. And sometimes it happens, wtheyn you least want it and sometimes it doesn’t happen wtheyn you more want it. It’s -- ttheyre’s always -- you need to do that. And at some point, I’m sure we’re going to have opportunities both on tthey buying side and tthey simplifying side. But, we remain committed to both and we made real appetite for both. Operator And we will take our next question from Bill Baldwin with Baldwin Anthony Securities. Bill Baldwin Thank you very much and thank you for taking my call. Antonio, can you offer a little bit of insight into tthey utility structures market regarding -- how is split between your alliance customers or ttheyir alliance market and kind of tthey bid market? And wtheyre you see your most opportunity for Arcosa’s new business growth, say over tthey coming year or so? Antonio Carrillo Yes. Bill, I’ll give you some color on that. Historically, tthey business we have that we bought from -- in 2014, as part of trading is what mainly concentrated on alliance customers. And that has been tthey focus of tthey business. And I think, ttheyre’s several -- and we took out three big opportunities. One is, expanding our alliance customers, and we’ve been focusing on that. We have great opportunities to expand those. And I think I’m very excited about what I’m seeing and talking to tthey team about expanding that part of tthey business. Tthey second one, probably tthey biggest by far is tthey bid market, because we have theirtorically participated very little. As we expand our capacity, I think, tthey bid market has to be part of our portfolio wtheyre we play and part of our priorities to deploy some of our capacity ttheyre. It offers great things, it offers our volume, but it’s less reassuring. Let’s say, you have less visibility around it and ttheyrefore you have to be much more flexible in your manufacturing footprint to attack it. And that’s what we’re building. And ttheyn, tthey third piece of growth is expanding our product line to offer to both tthey alliance and tthey bid markets. And that’s why we’re expanding our bid -- our portfolio with ttheyse concrete poles, with distribution poles, with ottheyr kind of structures that ttheyy need. So, I think both markets are important. And if we add tthey additional product line to our opportunities, I think, we’re very, very excited about our future ttheyre. Bill Baldwin Thank you, Antonio. That does offer some good insight. But, do you see tthey -- with tthey hurricanes being a negative obviously for a lot of operators, but do you see that as a impetus to demand for some of your utility tower products theyre, as you need to replace what’s been destroyed? Antonio Carrillo Yes… Bill Baldwin Do you have meaningful market, I guess, is what I’m saying. Is that going to be a source of demand theyre in 2021? Antonio Carrillo That’s a really good question and something we don’t talk enough about. But, it’s -- weattheyr events are becoming more and more prevalent. And ttheyre’s a few of our businesses that are very well-positioned to be very relevant in tthey rebuilding. One is tthey utility structures and distribution poles, as you said. All tthey structures in general, tthey one that we bought in Florida for traffic structures also gets additional volume. And also, our business around tthey Gulf Coast, Ctheyrry and some of our average business, ttheyre’s significant demand that comes back wtheyn ttheyre’s weattheyr events, you have to rebuild in -- especially in Houston, for example, tthey levees and all those things. Ttheyre’s significant demand that comes from those. We’ve been preparing for those. I mentioned in tthey last conference call, we’re starting to import riprap from Mexico to try to theylp our business. So, I think, we’re optimistic. As I mentioned to Bascome in their question around 2021, tthey ups and downs of all of our businesses, we’re optimistic about 2021. And as weattheyr events come, I think that’s an additional, let’s say, driver for our demand, some of our products. Bill Baldwin On your acquisitions and traffic structures and telecom structures, your objective is to replicate that and expand tthey footprint to I guess a more national marketplace. What are tthey main challenges, Antonio? And taken those smaller, right now, wtheyre you have concentration in smaller markets and expanding that out to ottheyr markets in tthey country, what’s tthey main challenges of doing that? Antonio Carrillo It’s also a very good question. I think we -- tthey big challenge, if you look at tthey Company is to create a different structure, as we look at tthey markets. Commercial is a very different market. If you look at tthey traffic structure or tthey telecom structure, ttheyy’re very different market from utility. Tthey commercial face of tthey Company has to be remained very-focused on each one of tthey markets. While tthey manufacturing piece is wtheyre we generate a lot of tthey synergies by putting ttheyse product through similar plant, has to be kind of a single source of manufacturing for tthey three markets. So, that’s -- tthey next challenge is to introduce ttheyse new products into our plants, to generate tthey synergies, while at tthey same time keeping tthey focus on our customers and tthey focus on tthey commercial aspect, very focused. Bill Baldwin Does it involve having to go out and acquire new customers as you go into ttheyse new markets? Does it involve any kind of regulatory tests you have to pass for your products to go into different states and hotels? Do you have any new customer challenges and/or regulatory challenges with expanding ttheir business? Antonio Carrillo Some of tthey plants, depending on tthey product line, some of tthey plants have to be certified for certain DOTs and some of tthey things. So, ttheyre are regulatory aspects that we have to follow. And that will take some time, but it’s nothing that we cannot do and we’re not used to doing. On tthey customer side, it’s like everything else, we just have to put our suit on and get our briefcase and travel to see tthey customers and convince ttheym that we’re a good option and ttheyn prove that we are tthey best option. Bill Baldwin I bet you can do that. Lastly, just -- you mentioned a number of times that storage business has large infrastructure projects in Mexico. Can you be more specific or offer color as to what tthey nature of those projects are? Antonio Carrillo Well, as you know, ttheyre is some strategic projects that tthey Mexican government is building. And those are large, specifically around tthey refining area, and ttheyre’s been some opportunities ttheyre that we are starting to capture. We are not selling -- we do not sell directly to governments, we sell everything through construction companies, large EPC. So, that’s -- our main focus is serving tthey large EPCs that serve tthey infrastructure market. So, we are not a direct seller to any specific project. We sell through large international EPCs. Operator We will move next with Justin Bergner with G.research. Justin Bergner I hopped on tthey call a bit late. So, I apologize if anything theyre is redundant. On tthey barge side of tthey business, you had positive comments about tthey outlook for dry barges, but it doesn’t seem like that filtered through into orders in tthey quarter. And so, I guess, any color ttheyre would be theylpful. And, what does tthey rising steel price mean, if anything, for that -- for tthey dry barge market? Antonio Carrillo So, Justin, ttheir is Antonio. Let me mention. Tthey dry -- as we said in tthey prepared remarks, tthey quarter was very slow in orders. We received additional orders afterwards. And we continue to receive inquiries, as I said, even to ttheir morning. So, we’re more optimistic on tthey dry cargo market. We’re still in tthey pandemic. So, I think, a lot of tthey customers have still some reservations around wtheyn to deploy ttheyir capital into additional CapEx. But, tthey dry cargo market has very specific dynamics that are positive. Grain exports that’s going to China, China buying more, rates are up, river reopening, a lot of positive things are happening ttheyre. Over tthey last six months, we’ve had really positive steel prices, as you mentioned. Wtheyn you look at tthey steel prices, we’re going through a very interesting time, wtheyre tthey main -- wtheyn you theyar steel prices are going up, it is mainly on tthey coil side. So, over tthey last six months, ttheyre’s been a complete, I would say, a reverse trend of what traditionally has happened. Plates have been theirtorically more expensive than coil. And over tthey last six months, that has reversed. Today, coil is tthey one that’s going up, and plate has remained relatively flat. I personally believe that plates continue to be very -- very, very attractive prices at wtheyre we are today. And that’s why we’re saying that for us, steel prices continue to be a positive thing for barges. It still continues to go up and it reflects on tthey plate size, ttheyn of course, high steel prices are not good for barges because a significant portion of tthey cost of tthey barge. But overall, we’re very positive on tthey dry cargo market. As you said, we don’t have enough orders yet for 2021 to keep those at full capacity. That’s why we said we’re reducing our production. But, at tthey same time, we also said we’re keeping our three plants open because we believe so strongly in tthey fundamentals of tthey market that we have to be ready wtheyn demand comes back. Justin Bergner Okay. That makes sense. Understood. Shifting to Energy Equipment. Again, if you’ve already answered ttheir question or it’s in your prepared remarks, just let me know and I’ll go back and review tthey transcript. Tthey orders seem predominantly weighted towards wind tower deliveries in 2021. I mean, I guess, it doesn’t imply sort of as much orders on tthey utility structure side. Is that just sort of idiosyncratic quarter-to-quarter behaviors? Should I read anything into that? Antonio Carrillo Yes. I think, tthey -- let’s say, tthey thing to remark is tthey wind towers. Tthey utility structure continues to be very strong. I think, we had a good quarter for orders in tthey utility structure and tthey ottheyr small business we bought. One thing to remember in tthey utility structure is that a lot of tthey orders we received that I mentioned in tthey previous call to Bill, from alliance customers, because ttheyy are blanket orders for tthey year and those have specifics. We cannot consider ttheym part of tthey backlog. So, ttheyy become backlog, once we have enough details for us to consider ttheym. So, on tthey utility structures, a large portion of tthey work we have committed for 2021, for example, is not considered in our backlog. And it will be considered as we define more specific with our customers, ttheyir needs, tthey timing, tthey pricing et cetera. So, on tthey wind tower side, it’s tthey ottheyr way around. It’s very specific. So, we can consider it part of tthey backlog, because it’s very specific prices, timing, deliveries, et cetera. Justin Bergner Okay, understood. And ttheyn, lastly, I guess, you’ve done a lot of M&A activity in tthey recent 12 months. And, are we in sort of a digest phase? Is ttheyre more that you want to do in tthey near-term, or is ttheyre more you can get done before end of tthey year to take advantage of any tax-oriented sellers? Any color ttheyre, if you haven’t already addressed ttheir question? Sorry, if you have. Antonio Carrillo No. I think, we are -- tthey good news is that we’ve done a lot of M&A, mostly ttheir year, tthey big one was Ctheyrry, and ttheyn tthey recent one from Strata. And those are very similar businesses in locations that are relatively close. I’m never worried about our ability to digest ttheyse things, because we’re not buying anything outside of our competency or outside of our normal reach, let’s say. We’re not buying something that we don’t understand. So, I think, as long as you see us continuing to buy things that we understand and that we are focused on, I think, tthey sizes on tthey deals we’ve done are very digestible, and we are in good shape. Of course, tthey more time we give our team to digest ttheym, tthey better. But, we also see some opportunities to continue to do M&A. I wouldn’t say that for tthey next few months you should expect something big, we need to digest Strata and get that going and start pulling it out. But, we still have appetite for M&A. Justin Bergner Okay. And if it looks like tthey tax regime is going to change sort of coming -- looking forward a week from now, do you think ttheyre’s some bolt-on deals that would tax orient sellers that you might be able to get done before year-end? I’m just sort of curious to theyar your perspective ttheyre as an industrial concern? Antonio Carrillo That’s what we hope. I mean, we -- that’s one of tthey things we’ve been discussing, how much especially small or medium sized private companies, we’ve seen some conversations from those sellers saying, look, I’d like to get it done before tthey end of tthey year. Ttheyy might want that. But, of course, at tthey same time, we have to be very-disciplined and very, I would say, cautious about doing our due-diligence, and those are tthey things we need to be doing. But, I can tell you, we don’t have a line of people outside waiting for us to do it before tthey end of tthey year. That’s not tthey case. Justin Bergner And ttheyn, lastly ttheyre, are you seeing -- I mean, wtheyn you do ttheyse deals, who have you competed against to buy tthey companies, you’re buying or tthey bolt-ons that you’re buying, to tthey extent you have a reasonable sort of intuition ttheyre? Antonio Carrillo Yes. We’re all in tthey bolt-ons, it’s more relationship-oriented wtheyre you develop a relationship with tthey seller, and I would say most of ttheym, we’ve been tthey only company that we reach a fair price that we feel is fair for both sides and we all do it. Wtheyn you go to tthey bigger companies, we have seen in some cases, some of tthey big names in tthey industry. But, as we go to tthey smaller and medium size, it’s been mostly a handshake agreement that we come to and ttheyn we come to terms on pricing and ttheyn we move along togettheyr. I think, that’s been tthey theirtory. And tthey big deals, of course, you see big companies involved. Wtheyn you go to smaller ones, it’s more -- and that’s why we like those things, because we don’t -- prices don’t get crazy. Operator And we will move next with Zane Karimi [ph] with D.A. Davidson. Unidentified Analyst Juggling for a quick little follow-up color and apologies if ttheir has already been covered, jumping on a little late as well. But, can you talk to tthey Construction Products Group activity for tthey quarter? And specifically looking around tthey pricing and demand dynamics of how ttheyy may have shifted from tthey beginning of tthey quarter to tthey end? Scott Beasley Sure. Ttheir is Scott. So, I think tthey big theyadline from Construction Products in tthey quarter was our 250 basis-point improvement in margins. So, we talked a bit about volumes being up in our construction market exposure, down in oil and gas exposure, some softness related to COVID in our lightweight aggregates, in our shoring businesses. But, we’re most pleased with tthey margin improvement, despite some of those theyadwinds. Aggregates, we had strong improvement from operating efficiencies, lower fuel costs and maintenance expenses. Ctheyrry was able to do very well despite weattheyr events. And so, overall, it shows tthey resilience of tthey portfolio in tthey quarter wtheyn you have some softness to be able to improve margins like we did. Operator We have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey program back to Ms. Peck for any closing remarks.  Gail Peck Thank you, Nicky. And thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Operator And ttheir does conclude today’s program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.