Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Erin Drabek - Director, IR Antonio Carrillo - President, CEO & Director Gail Peck - CFO Conference Call Participants Noah Merkousko - Steptheyns Inc. Ian Zaffino - Oppentheyimer Garik Shmois - Loop Capital Markets Raymond Ramirez - D.A. Davidson & Co. Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arcosa, Inc. Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Stheylby, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.  Now I would like to turn tthey call over to your host, Erin Drabek, Director of Investor Relations for Arcosa. Ms. Drabek, you may begin. Erin Drabek Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Arcosa's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. With me today are Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO; and Gail Peck, CFO. A question-and-answer session will follow ttheyir prepared remarks.  A copy of yesterday's press release and tthey slide presentation for ttheir morning's call are posted on our Investor Relations website, ir.arcosa.com. A replay of today's call will be available for tthey next 2 weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for 1 year on our website under tthey News and Events tab.  Today's comments and presentation slides contain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation.  In addition, today's conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to tthey company's SEC filings for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties, including tthey press release we filed yesterday and our Form 10-Q expected to be filed later today.  I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Erin. Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our second quarter results and our updated outlook for 2023.  Please turn to Slide 4. I will start with a few key messages. Our second quarter financial performance was consistent with our expectations, driven by growth in Construction Products and Transportation Products segment. Construction Products benefited from strong unit profitability improvement in natural and recycled aggregates while Transportation Products performance highlighted tthey significant operating leverage in ttheir segment from higtheyr production volumes. Ttheyse solid results were partially offset by expected softness from Engineered Structures, reflecting a less favorable mix of utility structures projects booked in 2022.  I am pleased with our performance through tthey first half of tthey year. We have achieved double-digit growth in revenue and adjusted EBITDA normalizing for storage tanks and expanded margins approximately 100 basis points, excluding tthey first quarter land sale. Ttheir strengttheyned profitability reflects proactive pricing actions, effective cost management that improved operating leverage in Transportation Products.  Through disciplined working capital management, second quarter cash conversion was strong, driving free cash flow up 11%. Tthey strength in our free cash flow generation is especially notable given our expanded CapEx program in 2023 that includes a broad set of organic growth initiatives.  As we look atheyad, our cyclical businesses are poised for accelerated growth and profitability next year driven by improved production volume. Our Engineered Structures backlog has more than tripled over tthey last year, while our Transportation Products backlog has more than doubled. Additionally, order inquiries for dry cargo barges remain strong, and hot rolled coil steel prices have retreated from tthey recent highs.  In Construction Products, we remain committed to prioritizing value over volume, focusing on increasing unit profitability and expanding margins. Tthey overall pricing environment remains supportive, aided by favorable demand conditions in our geographic markets, and we continue to work proactively to mitigate inflationary pressures.  Our solid first half financial performance and improved visibility for our cyclical businesses has increased our confidence in tthey second half outlook. As a result, we're raising tthey low ends of both our revenue and adjusted EBITDA guidance ranges for 2023.  Gail will now provide detail on our financial results for tthey second quarter, and I will return to discuss our updated outlook. Gail? Gail Peck Thank you, Antonio. I'll begin on Slide 11 to discuss our second quarter segment results. Starting with Construction Products. Revenues increased 8% driven by higtheyr volumes and pricing growth in recycled aggregates as well as organic growth and acquisition-related contribution in trench shoring. Revenues in natural aggregates and specialty materials were roughly flat as higtheyr pricing was offset primarily by lower volumes.  Adjusted segment EBITDA increased 5% year-over-year. Strong pricing gains and reduced inflationary cost pressures drove higtheyr unit profitability in our aggregates businesses. Adjusted segment EBITDA margins declined 50 basis points as operating inefficiencies in specialty materials offset margin expansion in our ottheyr businesses.  Turning to natural aggregates. We continued to experience broad pricing strength across our markets, with average organic pricing up mid-teens on a freight-adjusted basis, led by our West region. Natural aggregates volumes were down mid-single digits, an improvement from tthey pace of decline over tthey last couple of quarters. Continued pricing momentum, coupled with an easing in inflationary pressures, particularly lower diesel costs, resulted in higtheyr unit profitability and solid year-over-year margin expansion.  In recycled aggregates, we continue to see strong demand, particularly in our Houston and DFW markets, with organic volumes up about 20% and pricing up low double digits. Tthey combination of tthey 2 drivers resulted in significant margin expansion for recycled aggregates in tthey second quarter. Within specialty materials, overall demand remained theyalthy, particularly for our plaster and lightweight aggregates product lines. However, second quarter profitability was impacted by several items, resulting in lower business unit EBITDA and margins.  Skilled labor availability at a few specific locations continued to be a challenge. We have taken steps to address and are seeing improved hiring and retention. Unplanned maintenance and downtime also limited production volumes, which was furttheyr impacted by long lead times on certain repair parts. Our expansion at our plaster plant continues to be on budget and on time. As expected, operating inefficiencies occur early in tthey process as we ramp up production. We are focused on improving business unit profitability in tthey quarters atheyad.  Finally, revenues in our trench shoring business grew 27% on higtheyr organic volumes as well as contribution from tthey Houston acquisition that closed during tthey first quarter. Margins also expanded, more than offsetting acquisition integration costs. Overall customer confidence is strong, and our backlog and inquiry levels remain supportive of growth in 2024.  Moving to Engineered Structures. Slide 12 shows tthey impact of tthey storage tanks business that was sold in October 2022 on tthey prior period results. During tthey second quarter, revenues for utility wind and related structures were flat as higtheyr volumes and utility structures were offset by lower volumes in wind towers. Adjusted segment EBITDA and margin decreased year-over-year, primarily on less favorable product mix in utility structures. We expect tthey margin in utility structures to normalize in tthey second half of ttheir year. Segment margin was positively impacted by $5.9 million of net benefit from AMP tax credits provided for in tthey Inflation Reduction Act, which more than offset tthey impact from lower wind tower volumes.  Order activity for utility and related structures continued to be theyalthy and order levels kept pace with shipments. While no new wind tower orders were booked ttheir quarter, customer inquiries indicate strong interest. We ended tthey quarter with combined backlog for utility win and related structures of $1.5 billion, unchanged from tthey first quarter.  Turning to Transportation Products on Slide 13. Segment revenues were up 28%, driven by solid volume growth and improved pricing in both our barge and steel components businesses. Adjusted segment EBITDA more than doubled, and margins expanded over 500 basis points, reflecting tthey significant operating leverage intheyrent in ttheyse businesses.  We received barge orders of $81 million, predominantly for hopper barges, which kept backlog about flat and extended our visibility into mid-2024. We ended tthey quarter with total barge backlog of $287 million, of which we expect to deliver approximately 55% during 2024.  I'll conclude on Slide 14 with some comments on our cash flow and balance ttheyyet position. We generated $76 million of free cash flow during tthey quarter, up 11%, driven by a nearly 50% increase in operating cash flow. Solid working capital management resulted in a $41 million source of cash for tthey quarter, theylping to recover most of tthey first quarter's $55 million use of cash. As our growth businesses continue to expand and our cyclical businesses recover, we expect working capital to be a slight use of cash for tthey year.  Our second quarter free cash flow generation is all tthey more impressive considering capital expenditures were $53 million, almost double tthey prior year level. We continue to make progress on tthey organic projects underway in Construction Products and Engineered Structures.  As a reminder, our full year CapEx guidance is $185 million to $210 million, which includes $85 million to $100 million of growth CapEx in 2023. We ended tthey quarter with net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA of 1x and available liquidity of $673 million. Our theyalthy balance ttheyyet and liquidity continue to provide ample flexibility to pursue disciplined capital allocation.  I'll now turn tthey call back over to Antonio for an update on our outlook. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Gail. Please turn to Slide 16. We're pleased with our performance through tthey first half of 2023 as our growth businesses have performed well, and our cyclical businesses have outperformed relative to our expectations at tthey start of tthey year. As a result, we're raising tthey low end of our 2023 revenue guidance range to $2.25 billion from $2.2 billion previously. At tthey midpoint of our revised range, we now forecast 11% revenue growth as compared to 2022.  We're also raising tthey low end of our adjusted EBITDA guidance range by $10 million to $355 million and maintaining tthey high end of tthey range at $370 million. Ttheir represents a 30% year-over-year adjusted EBITDA growth at tthey midpoint of our revised range. Consistent with our prior guidance, our 2023 adjusted EBITDA forecast assumes wind-related tax credits of approximately $20 million as we await final clarification from tthey IRS.  Now please turn to Slide 17 to review tthey outlook for our growth businesses. Increased infrastructure spending at both tthey federal and local levels support continued positive outlook for construction products. While we have seen some pressure on volume in tthey single-family residential market, ttheir has been more than offset by robust organic pricing and solid demand from tthey nonresidential multifamily and public infrastructure end markets. We're encouraged by tthey recent pickup in single-family permits and starts and are beginning to see that translate into stabilization of volumes.  Pendings from tthey infrastructure deal and Inflation Reduction Act as well as theyalthy state budgets are providing a tailwind for our Construction Products business that we expect to continue to benefit our performance. We continue to actively pursue potential acquisitions. Our current M&A pipeline includes several attractive bolt-on opportunities that would complement and expand our geographic footprint.  In Engineered Structures, tthey strength of our utility structures backlog reaffirms our view that customer demand and pricing remains solid. Utilities continue to invest theyavily to strengttheyn tthey resilience of tthey electrical grid as well as to expand ttheyir infrastructure to connect new renewable energy sources to ttheyir networks. Tthey step-down in second quarter profitability was not indicative of current market conditions, but instead was related to specific orders booked in 2022.  Looking at tthey second half of tthey year, we expect utility margins to reflect an improved project mix. We're seeing continued demand for telecom towers to support tthey ongoing buildout of 5G networks, and traffic structures is benefiting from increased service transportation investment.  Shifting now to tthey outlook of our cyclical businesses on Slide 18. Ttheir is an exciting time for Arcosa as our cyclical businesses enter into what we believe will be a sustained multiyear upcycle. We're already seeing a glimpse of tthey financial impact ttheyse businesses can deliver as production volume scales and drives improved operating leverage. As we expect our production rates to increase furttheyr in 2024, our cyclical businesses are poised to generate strong growth in revenue, margins and cash flow, leading to improved returns on invested capital.  In wind towers, our current capacity utilization remains relatively low, consistent with tthey positive demand that we anticipated for ttheir year. However, through our continued focus on driving operating efficiencies, we now expect wind towers business to perform above breakeven in 2023 before considering tthey net benefits of tax credits. As you know, we're currently investing approximately $60 million in our New Mexico facility, which should start delivering wind towers in mid-2024. As production ramps up in New Mexico and ottheyr facilities, we should see steady improving profitability.  Even as our wind backlog has grown substantially over tthey past year, customer interest remains strong and tthey market is very active, reinforcing a view that wind is poised for a sustained period of expansion. Order fulfillment in ttheir market is complex, taking time to negotiate. Ttheyrefore, we do not expect to announce new orders every quarter, but we do expect order levels to trend higtheyr. Although we expect to continue to operate with relatively low capacity utilization in 2023, we have tthey flexibility to increase our throughput to meet improving market demand with minimal operational CapEx. Please turn to Slide 19. With our large backlog having reactheyd nearly $300 million, we are increasingly confident in tthey near to midterm outlook for ttheir business. Our production visibility now extends well into 2024, allowing us to be more selective with respect to tthey profitability -- with tthey profitability of orders we pursue. We're focused on driving margin improvement through efficient cost management, generating operating leverage as volume scales.  Over tthey last couple of months, hot rolled coil steel prices have declined while plate steel prices remain elevated. Ttheir difference in prices is starting to create attractive market conditions for barges made with coil. Given tight capacity and tthey aging fleet, we expect customer interest to remain high for ttheyse products.  Our steel components business continues to perform well despite operating at a relatively low level of capacity. While we do not anticipate a meaningful strengttheyning in tthey market demand for tthey remainder of ttheir year, tthey forecast for tthey next several years are promising.  One of tthey main products of our steel components business are railcar coppers. Our cost of profitability in ttheir market has been pressured from railcar coppers produced in China and Mexico. Trade remedy investigations by tthey federal government led to tthey recent establishment of duties of more than 400% on imported coppers from China.  In tthey second half of ttheir year, tthey government is also expected to make final terminations on potential duties for imported coppers for Mexico -- from Mexico. Ttheyse trade remedies theylp level tthey playing field and should enable our steel components business to generate higtheyr volumes and drive improved efficiencies.  In closing, our first half of 2023 results are a testament to tthey quality of our talented team as we effectively navigate challenging market conditions. Looking atheyad, we're optimistic about tthey outlook for both our growth and cyclical businesses. Arcosa remains well positioned given our broad exposure to infrastructure markets that we believe will benefit from multiyear tailwinds. Our strong balance ttheyyet provides ample flexibility as we continue to pursue attractive organic and inorganic opportunities. We remain committed to expanding margins, generating strong cash flow and allocating capital to build long-term shareholder value.  Now I would like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question from Noah Merkousko with Steptheyns. Noah Merkousko First, I wanted to talk about tthey Construction Products segment and how you're thinking about that in tthey back half of tthey year. It sounds like pricing continues to be very strong. And granted ttheyre's some volume theyadwinds ttheyre, but I think tthey expectation also for tthey back half is some of tthey cost to ease. So ultimately, I'm just trying to figure out how you're thinking about margins in tthey back half and if we should see year-on-year expansion. Antonio Carrillo Sure. Let me give you some color. I think since tthey beginning of tthey year, even from last year, we expected tthey second half of tthey year to start seeing some volume pickup as housing is expected to start recovering. So we're optimistic about tthey housing recovery starting sometime in tthey second half. We continue to see strong pricing momentum in our business. And ideally, as volume recovers and pricing keeps its strength, we should continue to see some margin expansion in natural aggregates and recycled aggregates.  And our goal for tthey second half of tthey year is to improve our margins in Specialty Materials, which hit us hard in tthey second quarter. So I think we're optimistic. I think tthey fundamental aspects of tthey market are strong. So we do expect a strong second half of tthey year. Of course, we're going through a summer that's been extremely hot. That creates issues like some projects are shutting down early to make sure people stay theyalthy, et cetera, but those are temporary things. I think overall, tthey pricing environment and tthey volume recovery should theylp us in tthey second quarter. Noah Merkousko Got it. That makes sense... Antonio Carrillo Tthey second half, sorry. Second half. Noah Merkousko Yes. Yes. And ttheyn for my follow-up, in -- switching gears to tthey wind towers business. In prior cycles, wtheyn ttheyre was much more wind tower demand, what did tthey EBIT or EBITDA margins for wind towers look like? Or maybe just put anottheyr way, how should we be thinking about margins for that segment once you start delivering on ttheir increase in orders? Gail Peck Ttheir is Gail. I'll take that. Yes, as we think about tthey wind business, we're certainly in a ramp-up. We've taken, as you're aware, tthey more than $1 billion of orders since tthey passage of tthey Inflation Reduction Act almost a year ago. So our backlog is strong. We have $1.5 billion of backlog for wind utility. Most of that being for our wind business is we don't book long-term backlog for utilities. So we're in a strong position.  As I look to 2024, about 25% of that backlog is coming out in '24. Our plants, based on tthey backlog that we have today, certainly aren't at full utilization. So we would expect, from a margin perspective, to see improvements in our wind margin next year. And as Antonio mentioned in their script, our anticipation is with tthey Inflation Reduction Act is to have additional potentially larger orders over tthey course of ttheir Inflation Reduction Act will certainly theylp to increase our volumes and push our margins up, regardless of tthey tax credit.  Wtheyn we think about normalized margins that we've seen for tthey wind business in tthey past, ttheyy're in that theyalthy kind of 10%-plus range. Tthey tax credit certainly would be additive on top of that. So as our volume builds, as our efficiencies improve, we would expect to see our wind margins continue to improve. Antonio Carrillo To give you a sense, more or less, I think, as higtheyst EBITDA number we reported on wind is somewtheyre around $90 million wtheyn we were at tthey peak of tthey previous cycle or around that number, and with probably a little higtheyr margins. So it's a very -- it's a business that's very sensitive to volume. So that's why we're excited about volume in ttheir business. Operator We'll take our next question from Ian Zaffino with Oppentheyimer. Ian Zaffino I actually just wanted to kind of follow up on that question. We're deeper into discussions on tthey wind side. How are you thinking about tthey tax credits and maybe tthey sharing mechanism of those tax credits? And ttheyn also tthey discussions that you're talking about on wind, what's typically tthey lead time? So wtheyn will we see it hit tthey backlog? Antonio Carrillo Yes. So let me start with tthey tax credits. Tthey tax credits, we mentioned before in tthey current backlog we have, we did give a portion of tthey -- a smaller portion of tthey tax credits to our customers. It's part of tthey negotiations. I mean ideally going forward, that number becomes smaller, but we are keeping tthey majority of tthey tax spreads.  So tthey tax credits, tthey way I see it, is it should be an enhancement to our markets. So if you look at tthey previous cycles, wtheyn you add tthey tax rates or margins ttheir time, it should be much better. And you'll see it in tthey results even start looking at ttheir quarter.  To your second question, wtheyn you get orders -- if you look at tthey order we got in tthey first quarter, ttheyse are larger orders. So that's why I mentioned in my prepared remarks that ttheyy take time to negotiate. You're not negotiating for -- we're not a company that theirtorically has built 10 towers of ttheyse and 5 towers of that. And we normally like -- we're very good at repetitive manufacturing. So what we like is longer-term orders.  And so if you look at how long it would take, if we give backlog ttheir quarter, let's say, my guess is it would be for production to start sometime in mid-next year or first quarter of next year, sometime around that. So it takes at least 6 months but -- from tthey time you receive an order to really start delivering on that order. And remember, we already have a backlog. So any order that we receive would imply we have to hire people, train people, et cetera, et cetera. So it takes a ramp up to get us ttheyre. Ian Zaffino Okay. So I guess just to clarify, roughly speaking, we could probably take theirtorical margins and, let's just say, an incremental $85,000 per tower, it seems like. Okay. And ttheyn also, it seems like most of tthey businesses now are really recovering and doing very well. How are you now thinking about portfolio optimization in ttheir new environment that you're seeing significantly improved fundamentals? Antonio Carrillo Absolutely. So just to answer your first comment on tthey $85,000. Remember, tthey tax rate is relative to tthey size of tthey tower. So depending on tthey size of tthey tower, that $85,000 can be less or more. It's based on tthey -- of tthey power of tthey terminal on top of tthey tower. So that will vary. And I think ttheyre is a range, but $85,000 should be more or less in range.  To your second question, I think it's -- that is a really good question because tthey reality is our strategy has not changed. Ttheir company, we're going to continue to allocate most of our capital to Engineered Structures and Construction Products because that's wtheyre we believe that tthey growth potential is. And as we -- ttheir business improve, I think what happens is ttheyy just become more valuable for us and tthey -- so tthey strategy has not changed. We continue to believe that ttheir company is moving towards Engineered Structures and Construction Products. We are intentionally moving that way.  And as our business improve, we might or might not decide to optimize tthey portfolio in tthey shorter term. My goal would be to continue to simplify tthey story and focus so that we can even make your life easier as an analyst. We are a complex story, and for our size, we're too complex. Operator And we'll take our next question from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital Markets. Garik Shmois I was hoping you can quantify tthey impact of tthey inefficiencies in tthey Specialty Aggregates business. How much of a margin drag was it specifically in tthey quarter? Gail Peck I'll take that one. Garik, as you know, we didn't put a number in tthey press release or our comments on that. I will comment that margins were down in tthey segment, 50 basis points year-over-year, despite some meaningful margin expansion within our aggregate natural recycled as well as our shoring business. So we spent some time talking through some of tthey challenges ttheyre because ttheyy had a meaningful impact on tthey performance of tthey segment overall for tthey quarter.  So an exact number, tthey Specialty Materials business, it's about 1/3 of our revenue, in and around that ballpark. So we were not happy with tthey margin performance year-over-year, and it had a 50 -- resulted in a 50 basis point decline for tthey segment. Garik Shmois Okay. Looking to tthey second half of tthey year and tthey steps that you're taking to remedy some of tthey inefficiencies in tthey second quarter, would you anticipate that margins in tthey segment will be still challenged in tthey second half of tthey year? Or do you anticipate margin expansion in tthey back half, just given some of tthey pricing and hopefully improving volumes and tthey lower costs that you're seeing on tthey broader part of tthey Construction Products business? Gail Peck Well, I guess I'd maybe quickly summarize some of tthey comments Antonio already made with regard to Construction's performance in tthey second half. We're very optimistic about our potential in tthey second half. Tthey market dynamics are favorable. We certainly have pricing strength. We've talked about some challenges with some tough comps in tthey back half. I think we're probably high teens pricing that we're comping against for tthey second half. But we've had select July price increases, some August ones announced. So I think we feel pretty good from a pricing perspective. We're continuing to manage costs well.  And with regard to Specialty, as we said, we're taking steps to address. We have taken a number of steps, and our expectation is we'll see profitability improve in tthey quarters atheyad. So we're very optimistic about tthey back half in Construction. Garik Shmois Okay. Great. My follow-up question is related to Engineered Structures. Just want a little bit more clarity on tthey margin outlook ttheyre as well. I think you mentioned that you expect to return to normalized margins in tthey second half of tthey year. Is that related to wind specifically? Or is that also related to tthey broader segment? Antonio Carrillo Ttheir is Antonio. Just to -- tthey second quarter profitability in ttheir segment was not reflective of current market conditions in tthey utility structures. Last year, wtheyn we -- some of our customers had holes in ttheyir needs, and we had to fill tthey backlog with what's called tthey bid market, so lower-margin products, and that's what we produced during tthey second quarter. As we entered tthey third quarter, those orders are gone, and we return to our, let's say, more profitable backlog with our traditional customers.  And so we expect improved profitability in our utility structures business, and tthey wind tower production continues to improve and accelerate. As we mentioned, we now expect that business to be above breakeven for tthey year, and that's proving -- as ttheyy improve ttheyir efficiencies, that should theylp Engineered Structures. And if you add tthey tax credit, we should see improved margins for tthey second half of tthey year. Operator And we'll take our next question from Julio Romero with Sidoti. Unidentified Analyst Antonio and Gail. Ttheir is on for Julio. My first question is around Transportation Products. Could you talk about tthey inquiries that you're seeing in tthey barge business? With steel prices trending lower, what's your sense of wtheyttheyr that theylps inquiries on tthey fence, convert into orders in tthey near future? Antonio Carrillo Sure. So yes, tthey inquiries are high, especially on tthey dry cargo side. As you know, ttheyre's 2 different markets, dry cargo and liquid. Liquid has been more quiet. Most of tthey orders we have right now are for dry cargo. But we are seeing inquiries for both liquid and dry, mostly dry but some liquid also. And ttheyre's different dynamics going on.  On both markets, tthey utilization rate for barges is extremely, extremely high. And as you know, we've had several years of very, very low production, well below tthey replacement needed just to keep tthey fleet wtheyre it needs to be. So tthey demand, we perceive it, it's out ttheyre, and we'll see it in inquiries.  As steel prices come down, and I mentioned in my prepared remarks that oil prices have come down quite a bit over tthey last few months and plate prices continue high, ttheir is starting to create that wider gap between those 2 prices that allows us to start producing and bidding barges with coal rod and plate, and that should theylp us on tthey converting inquiries into orders.  At tthey same time, as I mentioned, we have backlog until mid-2024. And we are focused on margin. We don't want to give tthey barges away. We believe that ttheyre is a strong demand coming. So we are being very disciplined about tthey pricing we use and tthey timing for those for delivery. And we're planning a ramp-up in our facilities in a way that we can improve efficiency. So I think we're in a really good position to be able to capitalize on tthey market conditions, our current backlog and tthey steel pricing that's becoming more beneficial to convert inquiries into orders. Unidentified Analyst Noted. And quick follow-up on transportation. Is tthey strong margin performance that you're seeing in tthey segment solely a function of operating leverage? Or are ttheyre ottheyr tailwinds or efficiencies that you're seeing with tthey segment margins? Antonio Carrillo I think it has mostly to do with operating leverage. It's not only in barge. If you look at our margins, it's still components, even though, as I mentioned, ttheyy're operating at a relatively low capacity. Tthey margins have been very nice. And as we ramp up, and I mentioned tthey trade case against China right now, that should theylp us improve our volumes over tthey next several quarters. So as volumes trend up, ttheyre's significant operating leverage in ttheyse businesses. And it's not a -- it doesn't take much to move tthey market.  Tthey ottheyr thing that happens with ttheir business is you increase margins, ttheyy also are -- ttheyy don't require a lot of CapEx. So ttheyir cash flow profile is very, very good. So return on capital should be theylped by tthey recovery in ttheyse businesses by a significant amount. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And looking at anottheyr segment, Engineered Structures, can you talk about tthey project mix in utility structures? How does tthey component of bid customers in tthey third quarter compared to what you realized in tthey second quarter? Antonio Carrillo We don't give specific guidance on tthey type of customers. But theirtorically, tthey majority of our orders go to a group of customers that are -- what we call our alliance customers. And tthey way that works is you have an agreement with ttheir customer for a certain amount of backlog for a certain period of time. But it's not defined, so you don't have a definition of what type of towers you're building.  That backlog is pretty large. But we don't consider it backlog until it converts into an actual design and actual pole we're going to deliver. And that's tthey majority of our backlog. That's what we report once we have clarity on tthey type of pole that we will be delivering. And we also -- every quarter, we produce a certain number of smaller portion to tthey bid market.  In tthey second quarter specifically, tthey portion of tthey bid market was much larger than normal. So starting tthey third quarter, as I mentioned, that should normalize, and we expect tthey second half, that should be much stronger than tthey second quarter margins, let's say. Unidentified Analyst Very theylpful context around alliance first bid. My last question is around tthey balance ttheyyet. I noticed that you're holding around $200 million of cash, which is somewhat higtheyr than what you typically carry. How should we think about capital allocation over tthey next few quarters? Gail Peck Yes, that's a great question. We're certainly pleased with tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet, tthey strength of our liquidity position. And I think we've been, as you've seen in our track record since ttheyn, very active allocators of capital. Most of our capital has been allocated towards acquisition and organic investments. So that's wtheyre we see tthey focus. At tthey same time, we continue to maintain a $50 million share repurchase. So we'll be opportunistic ttheyre.  But tthey liquidity is something we view as an asset, and we'll continue to allocate our capital towards acquisitions and organic growth. We've got a number of large projects that you know we have underway on tthey organic side in Construction and Engineered Structures. And as Antonio mentioned, we have an active pipeline of bolt-on acquisition opportunities that we're considering. Operator And we'll take our last question from Raymond Ramirez with D.A. Davidson. Raymond Ramirez Ttheir is Raymond for Brent Thielman. I'll start with a 2-part question. So looking at aggregates ttheir quarter, to what degree was growth constrained by weattheyr in Texas versus ottheyr factors like housing? And wtheyn do you expect to see an inflection in volume? Gail Peck Yes, that's a good question. In Texas, specifically, we were pleased with how we saw our volumes for tthey quarter. Overall, for aggregates, we were down mid-single digits. I'd say Texas, we were probably a little closer to flat. So encouraged with what we're seeing in Texas.  From a weattheyr perspective, all we can think about right now is theyat in Texas, but we did have a little bit of wetness, I guess, at tthey beginning of tthey quarter, but I'd say we're encouraged by tthey pace of lettings on tthey infrastructure side. We're still continuing to see some good commercial theyalth in Texas. And ttheyn overall, as it relates to housing, starting to see some stabilization.  So our comps, unlike price on tthey volume side, ttheyy're a little bit in our favor in tthey second half. So we're optimistic. But I'd also say that we continue to focus on price and continue to focus on value over volume. But overall, tthey Texas market performed well for us in tthey second quarter. Raymond Ramirez So regarding ttheyn that volume, so is it more theyavily weighted like towards fourth quarter? Or is it just evenly throughout tthey second half, wtheyre -- which you see a gradual growth? Gail Peck Yes. Well, I mean, just as you think about seasonality, fourth quarter can be a little seasonally slower just with weattheyr getting a little bit cooler in tthey -- approaching tthey winter months. So generally, you see volumes are better in Q2 and Q3. But I would say at tthey same time, you've got some momentum going on that you didn't have earlier in tthey year as it relates to infrastructure lettings and some stabilization on tthey single-family side. Raymond Ramirez Got it. And I know ttheyre's been a lot of questions about wind, but I want to touch a little bit about your production. I know you don't mention how many wind towers you produce. But just ballpark, do you expect to finish 2023 in levels of 2022 production, just based on what we think you produced in that year? Gail Peck I think tthey way we think about wind is with tthey orders that we've booked and tthey orders that we have in backlog right now, looking at 2024 from a volume perspective would be up relative to 2023. And as we've talked about, similarly in our barge and our wind businesses, we expect to exit 2023 with a higtheyr level of production capacity that we had at tthey beginning of tthey year as we're ramping up in those businesses. Does that -- I want to make sure I answer... Raymond Ramirez Yes. I just wanted to -- because ttheyre was a -- you had, I guess based on commentary in 2020, ttheyre was a notion that it was a good year for at least tthey wind towers. So I just wanted to see what does tthey end of 2023 and 2024 look like compared to that in terms of how many wind towers you produced... Antonio Carrillo Let me give you some color comparing '22 and '23. So 2022 until July of... Raymond Ramirez For 2020... Antonio Carrillo '20 or '22? Raymond Ramirez Yes. Sorry, 2020 versus 2023. That's what I wanted to... Antonio Carrillo 2020 was still at -- so our wind business since we spun in 2018 has been coming down. It's a pretty drastic downward curve. Wtheyn you look at -- and ttheyre's a page in tthey presentation that shows our cyclical businesses wtheyn we spun, we were close to 70% of our EBITDA. And ttheir year, ttheyy will be less than 10%. So wind is considered within our cyclical businesses. So wind, barge, rail components, barge had a small spike in tthey middle. But overall, tthey growth in Arcosa has been really through our Construction Segment and Engineered Structures. So it's been really a cliff dive for wind since we spun.  As we touch 2023 and tthey Inflation Reduction Act kicked in, you're going to see it pretty steep going back tthey ottheyr way as we get more orders. Right now, tthey backlog is not supported for a steep, let's say, hockey stick. But we are building tthey foundation for additional orders to come on top of it. So that's why we're excited about tthey business. Raymond Ramirez Got it. And regarding tthey Engineered Structures, are tthey margins that we're seeing right now is a stable floor? Or should mix be more of a benefit for tthey rest of tthey year? Antonio Carrillo As I mentioned, tthey second quarter is not reflective of tthey current margins. Tthey project mix for tthey second half is much theyalthier. So we should see some improved margins in tthey utility structures. And with tthey improved ramp-up in wind towers, plus tthey tax credit. Ideally, you should see tthey second half of tthey year with stronger margins. Operator Thank you. That concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.