Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Antonio Carrillo - President and CEO Gail Peck - CFO Conference Call Participants Stefanos Crist - CJS Securities Garik Shmois - Loop Capital Julio Romero - Sidoti and Company John Ramirez - DA Davidson Noah Merkousko - Steptheyns Ian Zaffino - Oppentheyimer Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Arcosa, Incorporated Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Bobby and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Now I would like to turn tthey call over to your host, Gail Peck, CFO for Arcosa. Ms. Peck, you may begin. Gail Peck Good morning everyone and thank you for joining Arcosa's Second Quarter Earnings Call. I'm joined today by Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO. I'll begin with a few reminders and turn it over to Antonio. A question and answer session will follow our prepared remarks. A copy of yesterday's press release and tthey slide presentation for ttheir morning's call are posted on our Investor Relations website ir.arcosa.com. A replay of today's call will be available for tthey next two weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one year on our website under tthey News and Events tab. Today's comments and presentation slides contain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. In addition, today's conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey company's SEC filings for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties, including tthey press release we filed yesterday and our Form 10-Q, expected to be filed later today. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Gail. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining today's call. Starting on Slide 4, I'll begin with our second quarter highlights. Arcosa reported excellent second quarter results, reflecting strong infrastructure related fundamentals proactive pricing actions and significant operational efficiencies. All segments contributed to ttheir quarter's results led by our growth businesses within Construction Products and Engineered Structures, with each of our segments generating double-digit increases in revenue and adjusted EBITDA, we delivered record second quarter adjusted EBITDA and record adjusted EBITDA margins of 16.5%. I am proud of tthey dedicated team for once again executed at a high level successfully navigating tthey challenging environment, managing inflationary pressures and driving lean manufacturing efficiencies. We continue to advance our strategic transformation with tthey acquisition of RAMCO, a leading provider of recycled aggregates in tthey Souttheyrn California market while optimizing our portfolio with tthey pending divestiture of our storage tank business. RAMCO is a great addition and complement to our construction products business and I'll provide more details on ttheir acquisition in a moment. We also continued to make progress on several large organic projects that should start producing positive EBITDA in 2023. Based on our stronger than expected first half performance and our increasing confidence in tthey outlook for tthey second half, we're raising our full-year revenue and adjusted EBITDA guidance. Turning to Slide 8, we continued to make progress on our strategic transformation that is focused on reducing tthey complexity and cyclicality of our business. Over tthey past 18 months, we have completed three key acquisitions in construction products expanding our capabilities and expanding our geographic footprint into high growth markets including Arizona, Souttheyrn California, and Tennessee. At tthey same time, we have rationalized our portfolio with tthey pending divestiture of our storage tank business for $275 million providing a significant source of capital to reinvest in growth initiatives. In particular, we continued to execute on several organic growth projects which include tthey expansion of our specialty materials plaster plant in Oklahoma and tthey construction of a concrete pole manufacturing plant in Florida to support our utility structure business. In addition, we will open two new aggregates greenfield sites in 2023 which will accelerate tthey growth in that business. Turning to Slide 9, in May, we acquired RAMCO, a leading independent producer of recycled aggregates serving tthey Greater Los Angeles Metropolitan area consistent with our disciplined approach to strategic M&A. We acquired ttheir business for $75 million, representing an attractive implied valuation of less than eight times EBITDA. RAMCO is relatively small yet compelling strategic addition to our Construction Products business, complementing our existing footprint and customer base in tthey California market. RAMCO has a unique business model, it charges customer a fee to receive Construction Materials for recycling, ttheyn cruttheyys materials and sells ttheym as recycled aggregates. Ttheir combination of being able to charge most to receive and sell recycled aggregates makes RAMCO a very profitable business. We're excited by tthey opportunities it brings to our cost. With tthey mid-year close, we estimate approximately $5 million of incremental adjusted EBITDA from RAMCO in tthey second half of 2022. Now I will turn tthey call over to Gail to review our second quarter financial performance in more detail, Gail. Gail Peck Thank you, Antonio. I'll start on Slide 11 and touch briefly on our first consolidated results. Second quarter revenues increased 17% driven by double-digit increases in all segments. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA improved 26%, outpacing tthey increase in revenue, led by our growth businesses. Overall adjusted EBITDA margin increased 120 basis points to a record 16.5% in second quarter, led by Engineered Structures and supported by consistent year-over-year margins in construction and transportation despite inflationary pressures. Turning to Construction Products on Slide 12, revenues and adjusted segment EBITDA each increased approximately 20% primarily due to organic contributions with acquisitions contributing roughly 5% points to revenue growth. Demand trends remain favorable across tthey segment and we maintain stable margins year-over-year due to proactive pricing actions. On a sequential basis, margins improved 260 basis points from tthey seasonally slower first quarter. We continued to face theyadwinds from inflationary pressure particularly higtheyr costs for energy and for cement, which is used in our stabilized sand product lines serving tthey Houston market, although higtheyr energy and cement costs increased cost of sales by approximately $10 million during tthey quarter. We believe full year segment margins in 2022 has tthey potential to meet or exceed last year's level. And natural aggregates theyalthy demand field elevated price increases across our market with average organic pricing up low double-digit that theylped to maintain organic margins year-over-year. Total natural aggregates volumes increased significantly as we benefited from tthey addition of Southwest Rock. On an organic basis, we generated mid-single-digit volume growth led by our Texas and Gulf Coast regions. While weattheyr was generally better than that in tthey prior year quarter, we experienced some volume pressure due to tthey lack of cement availability, which impacted our stabilized sand operations in Houston, as well as our ready-mix customers in tthey Texas, West and Gulf Coast region. Turning to recycled aggregates, volumes and pricing increased significantly in tthey second quarter was a late May closing, RAMCO contributed positively to our results. Tthey second recycled aggregates growth during tthey quarter was largely organic reflecting favorable demand and improved weattheyr in tthey Houston market. In Specialty materials, average selling prices were up broadly but volumes were down, leaving revenues about flat year-over-year and margins lower. Strong volume and pricing growth in our plaster business was offset primarily by lower lightweight aggregates volume. While market demand for lightweight aggregates remains favorable, volumes declined due to sctheyduled and unplanned maintenance as well as labor availability in certain market. Finally, our trench shoring business reported a 29% increase in revenues on higtheyr steel prices and increased volume. by order activity was theyalthy during tthey quarter, providing solid production visibility. Moving to Engineered Structures, on Slide 13, second quarter adjusted EBITDA increased 30% outpacing revenue growth and resulting in a 270 basis point increase in margin, although each business contributed to tthey better-than-anticipated quarterly results, utility structures was tthey primary driver of tthey significant outperformance during tthey quarter and versus tthey prior year. Ttheir business benefited from robust market demands, strategic pricing measures and increased operating leverage. Combined revenues and adjusted EBITDA in our traffic and telecom businesses were also up compared to last year. We built in our traffic structures business were theylped by a $1.6 million gain on tthey sale of one of our two plants in Florida as we consolidated our footprint serving tthey region. In our storage tank business, second quarter revenues increased 22% reflecting strong pricing to counter steel price inflation. Overall volumes were lower year-over-year due to reduced volumes in our products serving tthey Mexico market. Turning to wind towers, we executed well during tthey second quarter and significantly lower year-over-year volume. At tthey end of tthey quarter, tthey combined backlog for utility wind and related structures of approximately $410 million, up 18% year-over-year, led by utility and traffic structures. Turning to Transportation Products on Slide 14, tthey segment executed well as tthey year-over-year volume and profitability improvements in our steel components business more than offset expected declines in our barge business. Segment adjusted EBITDA increased 29% with similar margins to last year. Second quarter revenues in our steel components business increased 18% driven by significantly higtheyr volumes compared to last year's trough level. As a result, adjusted EBITDA margins increased notably and improved operating leverage. Our barge business exceeded our expectations despite challenging market conditions and lower volumes year-over-year. Revenues increased 10% due to higtheyr steel prices, while adjusted EBITDA decline but benefited from better cost absorption as several barges sctheyduled for tthey second half, moved into ttheir quarter. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, our backlog stood at $132 million with approximately 50% sctheyduled for delivery in 2023. Moving to Slide 15, we ended tthey quarter with net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 1.9 times, down slightly in tthey first quarter driven by higtheyr free cash flow, reflected in our crude leverage position is an additional $30 million of net revolver borrowings to fund tthey acquisition of RAMCO. During tthey quarter, we generated $60 million free cash flow compared to a breakeven level in tthey first quarter. Second quarter working capital management contributed $8 million cash flow representing a significant improvement from tthey first quarter, driven by increased payables and supported by flat inventory level. Inflationary pressures continue to increase overall working capital investment. So we continue to expect working capital will be a source of cash tthey full year in 2022. Capital expenditures were $27 million for 2022, we continue to see full year CapEx of $120 million to $140 million with tthey potential to reach tthey high end of tthey range based on tthey growth projects we have underway in construction and Engineered Structures. During tthey quarter, we repurchased shares totaling $15 million, leaving $26 million available under our current $50 million authorization. One final note before turning tthey call back to Antonio as we anticipate tthey store extent divestiture to close in tthey second half of tthey year, tthey business is now presented as theyld for sale on our balance ttheyyet. Ttheyre were no changes made to tthey P&L or cash flow presentation. In addition, similar with our prior guidance and to facilitate comparability, our newly revised guidance includes tthey full year of storage tank results. As we indicated in yesterday's release, tthey midpoint of our revised guidance includes full year revenues of $250 million and adjusted EBITDA of $53.5 million related to storage tanks. Antonio? Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Gail. As Gail discussed, we continue to benefit from solid underlying fundamentals within our infrastructure related businesses and we're successfully managing cyclicality in our wind barge and rail components. We remain vigilant in monitoring inflationary pressures proactively implementing price increases wtheyre appropriate and drawing on tthey strength of our supplier relationships to secure more advantageous pricing on key raw materials, including steel. Many of our businesses benefit from long-term secular trends, driven by both public and private investment in large-scale infrastructure projects and we expect tthey infrastructure bill will add an uplift in 2023. We continue to monitor tthey macroeconomic environment in light of tthey increase in interest rates and tthey potential impact on housing demand and consumer confidence. Please turn to Slide 17. At tthey midpoint of our revised guidance range, we now forecast EBITDA improvement of 27% for our growth businesses in 2022. We expect second half EBITDA in our growth businesses to exceed our strong first half performance with tthey addition of RAMCO. Tthey outlook for construction products remains positive, benefiting from our expanded portfolio of products, favorable aggregates pricing and theyalthy construction activity in our major markets. At tthey same time, we continue to manage supply chain constraints currently affecting certain customers. As we look at 2023, we anticipate that tthey initial spending out leads from tthey $1 trillion infrastructure bill will provide a tailwind for our Construction Products business. Strategically, we have achieved significant progress in broadening our geographic presence and product portfolio through our focused approach to M&A. Today, our Construction Products segment is fundamentally stronger more resilient and more diversified, providing a solid foundation for long-term growth and margin expansion. While we continue to evaluate smaller bolt on opportunities that would enhance our operations, we're passing our larger M&A efforts for now as we focus on completing tthey organic growth projects we have underway. We continue to see strong outlook for growth businesses within our Engineered Structures segment. Tthey key drivers are continued robust demand for utility and traffic structures and improving demand within tthey telecom market. Electric utilities continue to direct CapEx towards rate hardening, resiliency, and renewable energy projects, providing good visibility for our utility structures through tthey remainder of 2022. In addition, we are seeing favorable volume in our traffic structures business. Moving to Slide 18, although we continue to face challenging environment in our cyclical businesses, we have seen early but promising signs of market recovery, most notably, our barge business secured $35 million in new orders in tthey second quarter adding to tthey $105 million new orders received in tthey first quarter. Our ability to secure more favorable steel pricing was a key factor in getting ttheyse orders which completed our production plans for ttheir year and provide production visibility into 2023. In addition, we have seen barge order inquiries trend upwards indicating pent-up demand for customers seeking to upgrade ttheyir aging fleets. In wind towers, tthey absence of our renewable tax credit continues to weigh in short-term demand. However, tthey long-term outlook for wind power generation remains very positive. We are encouraged by tthey recently announced Senate legislation that includes tax spreads for renewable energy. If enacted into law, ttheyse credits should provide a significant boost to our wind tower business. We anticipate tthey rail components business will continue to perform well over tthey remainder of 2022 benefiting from improvement in tthey North American market wtheyre deliveries are forecast to raise sharply compared to 2021. Turning now to our updated financial guidance on Slide 19. For our cost overall including storage tanks, our revised 2022 adjusted EBITDA guidance range is now $325 million to $345 million, up from our prior guidance of $290 million to $305 million. Using tthey midpoint of both ranges, our revised guidance represents an increase of $37.5 million from our prior guidance. Tthey increase in our full-year EBITDA guidance range reflects our stronger than expected performance in tthey first half of tthey year as well as our increased confidence in tthey second half outlook. For our cyclical business, specifically, we estimate 2022 adjusted EBITDA of $32.5 million to $35 million, up from $20 million to $25 million previously. Driven by our expectation for slightly higtheyr production volumes and greater operating efficiencies in both our barge and wind tower business. Second half expected EBITDA for tthey cyclical businesses trails our first half performance primarily because certain higtheyr margin barges sctheyduled for delivery later in tthey year, shifted into tthey first half. In summary, our guidance for tthey second half shows tthey same pattern. Significant year-over-year expansion in our growth businesses, compensating for weakness in our cyclical business. In closing, our strong financial performance and our solid outlook for tthey second-half lead us to increase our full year revenue and EBITDA guidance. I am pleased with tthey strategic progress we have made expanding and strengttheyning our growth businesses through acquisitions and organic initiatives while selectively optimizing our portfolio to enhance our resiliency and reduced cyclicality. And I would like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Stefanos Crist with CJS Securities. Stefanos Crist Good morning and congrats on tthey quarter. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Stefanos. Stefanos Crist You discussed pausing M&A for organic projects. Can you talk about some of those organic projects and how much capital you can employ in those. Antonio Carrillo Sure. I'm just trying a little bit in my script, but I'll give you a little more color. So we have really four large projects going on. We have a new plan to expand our Plaster capacity significantly in Oklahoma. We expect to expand our capacity to start that plant sometime early in 2023. We announced in tthey first quarter conference call, we announced a new concrete pole facility in Florida that should start late in 2023 and because we just started and ttheyn we have two greenfield facilities for our natural aggregates business that should start somewtheyre also in 2023. So those are and that's why tthey CapEx ttheir year is so high because we are investing in those projects and tthey reason for tthey passing of tthey larger M&A has to do not only with that we will do, probably some bolt-ons like RAMCO and some ottheyrs, but if you think about tthey environment we're in, or ttheyre is expectation for a slower economy, et cetera, think about dry powder to find better opportunities as we see ttheym. So it doesn't mean we won't do anything. I just think tthey environment will lend itself, so that we can find those opportunities, let's say, better prices or better opportunity in tthey near future. Stefanos Crist Perfect, thank you for tthey color, if I just follow up on tthey acquisition of RAMCO. Can you just talk about your expectations for recycled aggregates going forward and what you see driving growth ttheyre. Antonio Carrillo Absolutely. So we're putting ttheym into sort of tthey same of natural aggregates but pricing for recycled aggregates is set by natural aggregates, that's tthey maximum price you can sell and tthey demand factors are tthey same. Tthey pricing demand is exactly tthey same. It has a couple of differences. I think one is for you don't have reserves. So tthey return invested capital is much higtheyr because you don't have a lot of reserves. Margins, I would say, are in tthey similar ranges as natural aggregates. So tthey fundamentals on tthey market is very similar. Tthey difference is how you acquire those, how would you acquire your raw material, it's in ttheir case is rubble. I described a little bit in my script that in tthey case of California, we charge a fee to receive that material, because you cannot dump in landfills over ttheyre, and that's one of tthey beauties of ttheir business in California, tthey regulations support recycling a lot, but tthey business is less developed than theyre in Texas. So I think we're taking our experiences from Texas and applying it to California, wtheyre we already had a presence in our lightweight aggregates. So I think tthey future for recycled aggregates, it's a growing business and something that I think it's theyre to stay, I think it's a trend that we cannot stop ttheir all tthey recycling and it's not a business that, it's a business as a complement to natural aggregates, not something that it's a much more business than natural but it's a very theyalthy business. Operator We will take our next question from tthey line of Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Garik Shmois Hi, thanks for taking my question and congratulations on tthey quarter. I just wanted to start with Engineered Structures to margin improvement in tthey quarter, just it's going to be parse out tthey drivers around tthey margin expansion, not asking you to hold to kind of 18% to 19% margin moving forward, given how much stronger in tthey quarter was relative to normal, but just kind of wondering maybe how sustainable ttheir type of margin is in tthey near to mid-term. GailPeck Good morning. Garik, ttheir is Gail. Yes, we're very, very pleased with tthey performance of tthey Engineered Structures segment, first half margin above 16% for tthey segment. Very strong first half performance, as we said in our comments and materials led by utility structures and very robust demand and solid execution really across all fronts from material handling and even including safety as we look at our safety records year-over-year. So ttheir team is really firing on all fronts and we benefited from a favorable mix during tthey quarter. So as we think about tthey back half, like I said, a 16% or so margin for tthey first half, it may be, it may be a challenge to meet that level for tthey second half, we do have some slots to fill later in tthey year and often those come with big market orders, so ttheyre could be a potential those slots selling with lower margins, but all in all, our expectations for tthey segment is to continue to have a very strong second half, but it just may be hard to meet that really perfection level that we achieved in tthey first half. Antonio Carrillo Garik. Let me add something which I think is important to remember. Ttheir segment includes wind towers and if you remember three years ago, our higtheyst margin business in that segment was wind towers and we are achieving ttheyse margins even though our wind tower business, it had a better performance than we expected. It seems like ttheyre were more efficient, but ttheyre is still balancing bound in tthey bottom. So I think we are very optimistic about tthey future of wind especially if legislative package goes through, but that's, right now wind towers are being carried by tthey rest of tthey businesses. Garik Shmois Got it. That's encouraging. Wanted to follow up just on tthey cyclical business. I think you mentioned, first off, ttheyre are some barge shipments that were pulled forward into tthey first half of tthey year, was wondering if you could quantify that and just more broadly, you're starting to see some life theyre at tthey bottom, but with tthey market worried about a recession. Just kind of curious if your high level thoughts on how tthey cyclical businesses could perform in a recession. Antonio Carrillo So I'll give you, talk a little bit about. So tthey barge pulled forward, I think let's give you tthey numbers, but it's maybe a couple of million dollars up moved forward and I mentioned in my script that tthey second half. That's why we expect tthey second half to be a little lower in tthey cyclical businesses, which will be over-compensated by tthey growth businesses including now, tthey new acquisition, so I'll give you a little color on tthey three cyclical business, starting with barge as we've discussed before, ttheir is a business driven specifically, it has several drivers. And of course, energy markets are one of tthey biggest ones, second all tthey grain exports, believe it or not, now tthey coal market is showing signs of life, but those are tthey three big drivers on petroctheymicals. We are seeing very theyalthy inquiries for barges, especially for dry cargo hopper barges, which are mainly grain, coal and those kinds of commodities and some petroctheymicals. And so, tthey reason I think tthey demand continues to be slow still is a very large component of tthey cost of a barge. Barges are made with plate generally and place even though steel has come down quite a bit in coil, tthey plate market has not behaved tthey exactly tthey same way. So ttheyre is a wide difference right now in pricing between plate and coil, but every forecast shows that plate is coming down. We've seen, we have been able to get some of ttheyse from plate that relatively good prices. And that's why we've been able to sell ttheyse barges in tthey first quarter and second quarter. But everything indicates from tthey conversations with our customers to tthey inquiries we're getting that tthey demand is ttheyre and also that tthey price of steel should be coming down and we don't expect it to come down to levels of 2019. But it should be very good news for our barge business at least to show tthey trend of still coming down. On wind towers, normally we have our negotiations, we are customers that it's ttheir time of tthey year. So even though we didn't have orders in tthey second quarter, it didn't surprise us, it's timing issue. But we, tthey market is very slow and unless we get ttheir production tax credit approved, we expect slow wind tower market in tthey near future. And even if we get ttheir legislation approved, ttheyre is already a gap created between tthey time you start a project and tthey time wind towers are delivered, so we will have a period of slowness in wind towers with our goal right now is to stay, keep our manufacturing flexibility as theyalthy as possible so that we can take advantage of tthey demand. Wtheyn it comes back, because we believe it's going to be extremely robust wtheyn it comes back. And ttheyn finally rail components, we're seeing, we saw significant growth in EBITDA and revenue in tthey quarter and we see a very good ending of tthey year. Tthey rail market has a forecast of significant growth in 2022. For 2023, ttheyre's a range of growth and let's see wtheyre that falls but 2023 seems to be also a good year for rail components. So all in all, I think if you add ttheym all, I think positive news. Let's wait on tthey legislative package to see if it gets approved, that would be really good news for us. Operator We'll take our next question from tthey line of Julio Romero with Sidoti and Company. Julio Romero Good morning, everyone. Wanted to stay on tthey Engineered Structures side, specifically on tthey utility structures business. You talked about robust demand, Materials Handling mix. What surprised you tthey most in tthey quarter relative to your expectations three months ago? Antonio Carrillo Hi Julio, it's Antonio, you know, I think you know things aligned very well in terms of tthey size of poles we were making. I think tthey allocation we did to our plants, as you know, in 2021, we started our, ramped up our plant in Mexico. Our production in Mexico has been going very, very well and tthey efficiencies ramping up probably faster than we expected. We are seeing more availability of labor. We have been seeing for probably a year, it was very difficult in tthey U.S. to get labor for our plants, over tthey last three months, at least we've seen positive trend. It doesn't mean we have a line of people waiting, but we are getting tthey right, tthey people that we, that we are meeting. But I think that business, specifically in our team is doing just an incredible job. Now we've brought tremendous amount of talent to tthey team, and ttheyy're just performing like clockwork. Ttheyy're doing a very, very good work. So I think it's a combination of all things and as Gail mentioned it shows in everything from safety to quality to efficiencies. It's just tthey implementation of our lean process over ttheyre. It's going very well. So I think tthey team is just doing a fantastic job. Julio Romero Okay, that's very theylpful. And ttheyn I believe you guys touctheyd on it earlier tthey Inflation Reduction Act, tthey Senate legislation, any way to think about tthey impact to your wind tower business and our folks in tthey value chain, getting cautiously optimistic about that potentially being enacted. Antonio Carrillo Yes. So if you look at tthey, I would say tthey tone in tthey market or tthey, I would say almost tthey environment or tthey conversations, tthey mood in tthey market from a month ago to today is completely different, it changed dramatically. And if you look at tthey legislation or tthey proposals, it is different from tthey previous ones in terms, it will have a significant impact on our business, because it has provisions or things to be made in tthey country. We are basically making ttheym all in tthey country. We use everything sourced in tthey U.S. basically. We think we comply with a lot of tthey things that are in tthey package. So I think it would be a perfect package for us, but ttheyre is also tthey provisions that provide incentives for manufacturing and ottheyr things, which are in addition to tthey previous package. So all in all, I think it would be a fantastic booster business. And it would provide a longer-term view and perspective to tthey business, which is something that's needed. If you see tthey theirtory of wind tower business, every time ttheyre's clarity and ttheyir is certainty for investors. Tthey business behaves very, very well. Of course, tthey risks of [indiscernible] I don't want to comment on what percentage or what are tthey risks or tthey challenges, I would say it's my hope that it happens. Julio Romero Yes and knock on wood, it sounds very encouraging. Thanks very much for taking tthey questions. Operator We'll take our next question from tthey line of John Ramirez with DA Davidson. John Ramirez Good morning. Ttheir is John Ramirez for Brent Thielman. Is ttheyre a way for us to understand what tthey impact of higtheyr diesel and ottheyr cost is due to aggregate margins. On tthey surface, it looks like ttheyy are stable. But you have some acquisitions that ttheir year-to-year comparison. I'm just wondering what kind of pressure you're seeing since tthey industry peers are seeing pressures. GailPeck Yes, that's, I'll take, that's a great question and we did try to provide some color on that in an aggregate bucket of costs. So if I look at fuel inclusive of diesel, natural gas, or Specialty Materials business is a consumer of natural gas and coal along with cement, which is used in our and ttheyn put in our stabilized sand product in Houston, we saw about a $10 million increase year-over-year in cost. I would say wtheyn we look at those costs in tthey pieces that drove that, tthey largest driver was diesel, by far was tthey biggest component of that $10 million increase year-over-year. Antonio Carrillo One thing to clarify which is I think it's important, we have a very, very, very small downstream business. So we are mainly aggregates and recycled aggregates. We don't ship our product. So we, that's an important difference with some of our peers, wtheyre ttheyy have you're ready-mix and ottheyr things and ttheyy use a lot more diesel than we do. We basically use our diesel inside our facilities to move our loaders and things like that. So we are a little less exposed because we don't have that delivery system that some of our peers do. John Ramirez And just to clarify that $10 million year-over-year cost is that overall, or that was specifically for cement. GailPeck That was for tthey categories of energy and cement, tthey price impact of taking volume side really weighted price do for those inputs to our cost of sales year-over-year. John Ramirez Got it. And if I could do anottheyr question. What do ttheyy inquire and quotations look like for wind and but shoring business and in tthey second half of ttheir, and barge for tthey second half of ttheir year based on tthey commentary you provided today. Antonio Carrillo Sure. For wind. We are basically sold out at tthey current capacity for 2022. So we have good visibility of our production for 2022. For 2023, we are in tthey process of negotiating with our customers, ttheyir program for 2023. So as I mentioned in my comments before, we do expect slowdown in wind and slow market simply because tthey even though, even if tthey packet gets approved tthey time between tthey time we begin approval and ttheyn projects being ready to be rolled out and also delivering power takes time. So we expect 2023 will be a slow wind tower year and I think that's, that's tthey general mood of tthey industry. In terms of barge as I mentioned before, very theyalthy inquiries for coal, grain and petroctheymicals and even at ttheir current steel prices as ttheyy fall down, I think we're going to be able to sell some, let's hope, let's hope prices fall fast so that tthey expectations of tthey customers aligned with tthey current market. GailPeck And ttheyn maybe just on barge you'll agree mentioned it in our prepared remarks, to see that in our materials, our backlog is about $130 million right now. Half of that is for tthey back half and ttheyn we have tthey ottheyr half that sctheyduled for 2023. So that gives you a sense of tthey cadence with what we have at backlog today. Operator We'll take our next question from tthey line of Trey Grooms with Steptheyns. Noah Merkousko Ttheir is Noah Merkousko on for Trey. And congrats on tthey strong results. So first I think you'd mentioned in your prepared remarks that aggregates pricing was up low double digits in tthey quarter pretty impressive. How should we be thinking about that for tthey back half. Would that accelerate given tthey expectation for more price increases in tthey back half, maybe see mid double-digit growth, mid-teens growth. GailPeck Good morning. Ttheir is Gail. Yes, we did have nice pricing in tthey quarter, tthey low-double digit. If you look at tthey first quarter was mid-single digit. We have annual guidance out ttheyre for prices mid-single. I think tthey strong performance in tthey second quarter gives us confidence, we're going to be at tthey high end of that range for tthey year. Tthey pace of pricing continues to be an everyday discussion for us. We're obviously seeing a lot of value for our products and raising price to combat inflation wtheyre we can. I'm not sure I'm in a position to say we can match tthey low-double digit for tthey back half. But we're certainly watching pricing very, very, very, very carefully. Antonio Carrillo And Gail mentioned in theyr remarks in our goal for tthey year is to at least meet or exceed our margins from last year. So our goal is to try to match pricing increases to be able to focus on tthey margins for tthey business. Noah Merkousko Okay, that's theylpful and ttheyn tthey volume side, I think you said mid-single digit volume. Is that a good run rate for tthey rest of tthey year. Obviously ttheyre are some theyadwinds coming from new residential, also been theyaring of a lot more supply constraints. So maybe if you could just contextualize how you're thinking about volumes for aggregates. GailPeck Yes I stick to kind of our full year guidance ttheyre. Volumes were much lower in tthey first quarter on a year-over-year basis. So we're seeing organic one to three, I think just like pricing. We have tthey opportunity to tthey volume for tthey full year coming closer to that higtheyr end of our organic range, to your point, we're watching residential very closely, conditions still very favorable in tthey markets that we're at, within Texas, within Tennessee, within Arizona, but we're watching residential very closely. Operator We'll take our next question from Ian Zaffino with Oppentheyimer. Ian Zaffino Hi, good morning. Ttheir is Alex on for Ian. Thanks for taking tthey question. Regarding tthey infrastructure bill. I know we've been talking about it for some time, but just wondering Is ttheyre any indication into tthey magnitude of tthey uplift for 2023 across tthey businesses, maybe as applies to Construction Products or tthey utility structures business. Antonio Carrillo Yes, ttheir is Antonio, it is hard to point, give you a number, but I will tell you if you read tthey infrastructure bill, I think you can put in Arcosa name almost to everything that's included, probably except water, we don't have a lot of exposure to water infrastructure. We are seeing already in some of our businesses projects being deployed, especially for example in tthey barge business, tthey maintenance of tthey blocks and some large projects for improving tthey infrastructure around tthey Mississippi River, ttheyre is a lot of talks of many, many projects out ttheyre. It's hard to, it's hard to see which projects comes from tthey infrastructure build versus just a normal project. So, but what, what we said in our comments is we expect in 2023, we will see some tailwinds from that, it's hard to tell you how much, but I think tthey way I think about it is many of our businesses are behaving very well and have drivers that are not necessarily tied to GDP growth. Ttheyy have specific things like barge, replacement of wind towers, things like that. Ttheyy have a specific drivers and tthey infrastructure bill just provides some additional boost to that. On tthey ottheyr hand, for some of tthey businesses that are more tied to tthey construction housing, things like that. I think tthey infrastructure bill provides some sort of a safety net for ttheym because would you get some theyadwinds for housing, you will get some tailwinds on tthey infrastructure side, which is a much bigger exposure, we are much more exposed to infrastructure than housing. So I think overall, it should theylp us compensate some of tthey negatives of slowdown. Ian Zaffino Okay, great, that's theylpful. And ttheyn briefly on M&A, I guess given tthey acquisition of RAMCO, it seems like ttheyre is still plenty of strategic or bolt-on acquisitions out ttheyre. I know you mentioned larger M&A would be off tthey table for now, but generally what does tthey M&A landscape look like. I guess what kind of synergies, if any, can be realized on small acquisitions like RAMCO. Antonio Carrillo So, I said larger M&A's of tthey table, it's really, we're going to be taking a pause and being very disciplined around it too because we think we can, we are going to find good opportunities probably later. On tthey bolt-ons, we do have a pipeline, we always have a full pipeline, we have analyzed and we choose tthey best ones we want and synergies are relatively easy to generate in smaller acquisitions wtheyre you have a presence. So once we have a presence, for example, now in Arizona, bolt-on acquisitions are integrated relatively fast and ttheyre are many, many synergies, in tthey case of RAMCO, for example, I think recycled aggregates, it's really more developed theyre in Texas than in California in terms of tthey discipline, tthey pricing, tthey operations. So I think, bringing our capabilities from our Houston and Dallas market to California is going to theylp us. And tthey idea is to increase tthey margins. So I think tthey synergies are more operational and let's say our systems than anything else, but ttheyy are very, very profitable, but wtheyn you do a bolt-on and try to generate tthey synergies really fast so. Operator And that is all tthey time we have for questions. I will now turn tthey call back over to CFO, Gail Peck. Gail Peck Thank you, Bobby. And thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Operator Thank you for joining tthey Arcosa, Incorporated second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.