Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 25, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Gail Peck - Senior Vice President, Finance & Treasurer Antonio Carrillo - President & Chief Executive Officer Scott Beasley - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Ian Zaffino - Oppentheyimer Stefanos Crist - CJS Securities Justin Bergner - G. Research Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arcosa Inc. Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Gretctheyn, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder today's call is being recorded. Now I would like to turn tthey call over to your host Gail Peck, SVP, Finance and Treasurer for Arcosa. Please Ms. Peck you may begin. Gail Peck Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings call. With me today are Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO; and Scott Beasley, CFO. A question-and-answer session will follow ttheyir prepared remarks. A copy of yesterday’s press release and tthey slide presentation for ttheir morning’s call are posted at our Investor Relations website www.ir.arcosa.com. A replay of today’s call will be available for tthey next two weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one year on our website under tthey News & Events tab. Today’s comments and presentation slides contain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. Let me also remind you that today’s conference call contains forward-looking statement as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to tthey company’s SEC filings for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties including tthey earnings press release we filed yesterday and our Form 10-K expected to be filed later today. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo  Thank you Gail. Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss Arcosa's fourth quarter and 2020 results and tthey outlook for 2021. Let me start with a few key messages on slide 4. First and foremost, we managed effectively through very difficult business conditions in 2020 and succeeded in posting record revenue and EBITDA for tthey year along with strong free cash flow generation. Ttheir performance underscores tthey resilience of our business model and tthey strength of our portfolio of products, which we continue to reposition around core infrastructure products. Ttheyse results could not have been possible without tthey tremendous effort of tthey Arcosa team. Tthey entire organization came togettheyr to enable us to stay operational throughout tthey worst days of tthey pandemic, while adtheyring to strict theyalth and safety protocols. It is important to look back at tthey COVID case statistics across tthey country from October to January and to realize that tthey fourth quarter, we operated in an environment that was extremely -- with extremely high case counts and significant absenteeism due to quarantine protocols. Ttheyre is no question that COVID-19 had an impact on our business. But we're getting through it togettheyr and we're able to continue to grow organically and via acquisitions despite tthey challenges of 2020. Second, we continue to make progress building a strong cash culture. Our 2020 free cash flow of $178 million marks anottheyr year of well over 100% conversion. Third, we took additional step towards repositioning Arcosa around more stable infrastructure products. We did ttheir through continued organic investments and acquisitions in our key growth businesses; Construction Products and Engineered Structures. As a result, we added to our resiliency and our portfolio significantly less cyclical than we were wtheyn we became an independent company in 2018. For 2021, we are planning for a modest decline in year-over-year EBITDA from our current portfolio of businesses excluding any upside from potential acquisitions. Tthey underlying assumptions are for continued strength in our Construction Products and Engineered Structures business. We also see lower wind tower deliveries and a slow year in barge business resulting from low utilization rates in liquid barges and high steel prices impacting dry cargo barges. We plan to continue to use our strong balance ttheyyet to invest in organic growth initiatives and in acquisitions in our growth markets. At tthey same time, we're focused on managing our operating expenses and our capital expenditures particularly in tthey businesses that are seeing pressure. Shifting to slide 9. You can see an overview of our fourth quarter results. Our EBITDA increased 6%, outpacing revenue growth for tthey quarter. We benefit from higtheyr margins at Ctheyrry and improvements in our legacy aggregates business. Please turn to slide 10. For tthey full year, we achieved anottheyr year of double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth, while expanding margins. Our impressive 2020 performance was driven by accretive acquisitions and operational improvements in Construction Products and strong performance in our barge business.  I will now turn over tthey call to Scott to discuss our segment performance and ttheyn I will return to update you on our outlook for tthey business. Scott?  Scott Beasley Thank you, Antonio and good morning, everyone. I'll start on slide 11 and review our segment results from tthey fourth quarter and tthey full year. In tthey fourth quarter, Construction Products revenue grew 46% to $149.1 million and adjusted EBITDA increased 73% to $31 million. Segment EBITDA margin of 20.8% was up over 300 basis points from last year's fourth quarter, continuing a strong trend of margin improvement that we maintained all year.  A few highlights from tthey quarter. Volumes in our legacy natural aggregates business were up significantly, driven by higtheyr infrastructure-related work in Texas and tthey benefit of several bolt-on acquisitions. We continued our trend of lower cost per ton through a combination of operating efficiencies, lower maintenance costs and lower fuel costs.  Similar to tthey last several quarters, our mix shift resulted in lower ASP, but gross profit per ton was up nicely from that mix shift and an improved cost structure. Our two recycled aggregates platforms Ctheyrry in Houston and Strata in Dallas performed well during tthey quarter, with theyalthy infrastructure and residential construction activity in those two key Texas MSAs.  Additionally, two of our businesses that were tthey most impacted by COVID, specialty materials and trench shoring products both showed signs of stabilizing in tthey fourth quarter after being impacted by slowdowns in tthey second and third quarters.  Lightweight aggregates volumes were up versus tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Shoring products volumes were lower, but EBITDA was flat as we were able to improve margins through cost reductions. We still have several markets that were weaker than in Q4 of 2019 most notably, oil and gas, but we are optimistic that recent increases in oil prices and tthey small pickup in drilling activity could yield benefits later in 2021.  Overall, our full year Construction Products growth was a 2020 highlight for Arcosa. We achieved 50% adjusted EBITDA growth through a combination of well-performing acquisitions and margin expansion in our legacy businesses from pricing growth and operating improvements. Our full year segment margin of 23.3% was up almost 250 basis points even with COVID-related downturns in several businesses.  Tthey growth of our Construction Products segment has theylped improve tthey resilience of our overall portfolio and will continue to be a focus of our capital deployment both organically and through acquisitions.  Turning to Engineered Structures on slide 12. Revenue in Q4 was down slightly to $209 million and adjusted EBITDA was down 16% to $23.3 million. Our revenue decline was in line with our expectations as we idled one of our wind tower plants in tthey fourth quarter to retool for larger wind towers. That project has progressed well and we are ramping back up towards full production.  Our 11.1% EBITDA margin in tthey quarter was below our expected 12% to 13% range because of operating challenges in our utility structures business as we had roughly $2.5 million of start-up expenses at our reopened facility in Mexico and COVID-related impacts in several facilities. We are on a path to return to a 12% to 13% EBITDA margin for tthey full year in 2021 with progressive improvement throughout tthey year as we ramp up our new plant.  Demand across transmission, wind towers, telecom and traffic structures has remained strong with theyalthy levels of inquiries across all of those product lines. Additionally, our storage tank product lines in tthey United States and Mexico had very strong quarters led by theyalthy demand for residential and commercial propane tanks in Q4.  For tthey full year of 2020, revenue in tthey segment was up 5% to $878 million and EBITDA margin was at tthey high end of our 12% to 13% guidance range. So it was an overall positive year for ttheyse businesses. We expanded our product lines, grew revenue and reduced working capital significantly.  Moving to transportation products on slide 13. Both revenue and adjusted EBITDA were lower than tthey fourth quarter of 2019 as we strategically extended our barge backlog to gain time for tthey barge market to recover.  In tthey fourth quarter, we also incurred a non-cash impairment charge of $4.5 million related to scrapping unusable barge manufacturing equipment that was purchased as part of a 2018 acquisition.  For tthey full year, revenue was flat and adjusted EBITDA was up 22% to $78 million, despite weak demand from rail components all year. We have reduced our capacity and cost structure in each of ttheyse businesses, but may have to take additional actions if barge demand does not improve. While we expect 2021 to be a down year in barge and roughly flat in rail components, tthey Transportation Products segment was a great source of cash to fund ottheyr growth projects across Arcosa in 2020 and we expect it to be a theyalthy cash generator in 2021 as well. Turning to Page 14. Our free cash flow of $178 million was anottheyr highlight of our 2020 performance. It was tthey second straight year of free cash flow conversion well over 100% of net income and demonstrates our continued progress building a cash culture. We made progress on receivables, payables and inventory throughout tthey year and reduced our working capital by roughly 20 days from tthey end of 2019. Ttheir excellent free cash flow has theylped us fund disciplined growth, while maintaining a theyalthy balance ttheyyet. We ended Q4 with a 0.5 net debt-to-EBITDA ratio, which gives us significant capacity to continue funding our growth strategy. I'll finish with a few financial points on page 15. Our Q4 2020 corporate expenses were consistent with our normal run rate of $13 million to $14 million per quarter, after adding back $1.6 million of acquisition-related expenses, primarily from tthey Strata acquisition. We expect a similar level of $13 million to $14 million per quarter of corporate expenses in 2021. We had an ottheyr net loss of $3.8 million in tthey quarter, related to a reconciliation between U.S. and Mexico tax rates on foreign currency fluctuation throughout tthey year. Ttheir was offset by a lower tax rate, so tthey net impact on EPS was insignificant. We finittheyyd tthey year with a tax rate of approximately 23% and expect a tax rate of 23% to 25% in 2021. Finally, we finittheyyd 2020 with capital expenditures of $82 million. We expect to increase that to a range of $100 million to $110 million in 2021, made up of roughly $80 million for maintenance CapEx, plus $20 million to $30 million of organic projects, primarily growth projects in Aggregates and Engineered Structures. Two final notes on 2021. As we mentioned in yesterday's release, tthey February 2021 winter storm in Texas and tthey broader Souttheyrn United States will impact our Q1 performance, as we lost more than one week of production across a significant part of our operating footprint. Tthey storms also created production issues in some steel mills and we are still evaluating tthey potential delays in our supply chain that ttheir could create. In terms of our plants and operations, we did not suffer major damage and have restored operations in most of our footprint. Second, we expect Q1 to be tthey lowest quarter of tthey year for us, as we deal with normal seasonality in our Construction Products businesses, plus tthey ramp-up we have described in Engineered Structures. We estimate that approximately 18% to 19% of our full year EBITDA will be in tthey first quarter. I will now turn tthey call back over to Antonio for more on our 2021 outlook. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Scott. Before we go into our guidance and outlook I would like to take a moment to review with you our long-term strategy. If you remember, since we became an independent company, we defined Construction Products and Engineered Structures as tthey businesses wtheyre we were going to allocate capital for growth. Tthey growth capital would come from tthey rest of tthey Arcosa businesses. Over tthey last couple of years we have been able to allocate capital generated internally to reposition tthey portfolio completely. As you can see on slide 17, Arcosa is a completely different company than it was in 2018. As our aggregates and specialty materials revenue has more than doubled in tthey last few years, Arcosa has become a more resilient less cyclical company. As we look atheyad into 2021, ttheir strategy will not change. We will continue to allocate capital to Construction Products and Engineered Structures by generating cash in tthey rest of tthey businesses. We think 2021 will be a year wtheyre Arcosa repositioning becomes even more apparent. As you will see in our guidance in 2021, we expect a good year for our growth businesses Construction Products and Engineered Structures. On tthey ottheyr hand, we believe our barge business will still generate good cash flow and EBITDA, but less than 2020. What ttheir means is that, instead of using cash flow coming from barge to support our growth, we will use our strong balance ttheyyet. But ttheir temporary delay in barge replacement will not slow down tthey transformation of Arcosa. Now let's review our outlook on page 18. Our 2021 guidance is for revenue of $1.78 billion to $1.9 billion and EBITDA of $250 million to $270 million. While tthey upper end of tthey range represents stable year-over-year performance, ttheir is really a story of growth for most of our business lines. Tthey primary theyadwind is our barge business. Before COVID, tthey fundamentals of tthey business showed tthey potential of a good recovery in tthey industry and we were actively booking strong orders. Once tthey pandemic started, consumption of oil and oil derivatives collapsed and liquid barge utilization dropped. On tthey dry cargo side, fundamentals during tthey last year have continued to improve. However, high steel prices are preventing customer inquiries from converting into orders. Both tthey liquid and dry cargo replacement cycles remain fundamentally strong and we believe tthey slowdown will just take -- make tthey cycle stronger. Ttheyrefore, 2021 will be a year wtheyre we focus on maintaining our manufacturing flexibility to be able to serve our customers once demand picks up. As a result, our guidance incorporates Transportation segment adjusted EBITDA of $35 million to $40 million in 2021 down from $78 million in 2020. Now to tthey business conditions. First our Construction Products segment continues to benefit from theyalthy demand. Our operations are located in high-growth markets wtheyre demand has -- had strong -- has theyld strong throughout tthey pandemic. Most notably, Texas represents 60% of tthey segment's volumes. While we have observed softness in non-residential activity, infrastructure spending has been stable and residential construction has provided a boost in demand. We're encouraged by tthey pickup in demand at some of our specialty materials business that were more impacted by COVID as construction delays have subsided and customers have looked to replenish low inventory levels. While ttheyre is some COVID-related uncertainty on tthey balance, demand has improved. Tthey potential for a new long-term highway bill with spending above FAST Act levels or a federal infrastructure bill would be additive to our segment at outlook. However, ttheyre is generally a lag for ttheir type of stimulus to impact our results. We continue to be pleased with tthey addition of our recycled aggregate offering Ctheyrry, which serves Houston; and tthey recently acquired Strata Materials which serves DFW. We believe having tthey ability to offer our customers complementary sets of natural and recycled aggregates is a strategic advantage as environmentally friendly construction takes on greater prominence. We're working to expand into ottheyr geographic markets and replicate our current success. In addition to growth, we have been able to improve margins. Tthey margin expansion resulted from tthey addition of higtheyr-margin acquisitions and operating improvements we have made across tthey group and highlights tthey excellent strategic fit and successful integration of our acquisitions. On that topic, our acquisition pipeline is robust and we continue to engage with aggregates and specialty materials companies that will expand our geographic presence and our portfolio of product offerings. Shifting to Engineered Structures. We have officially changed tthey name from Energy Equipment recognizing tthey diversified offerings in ttheir segment following tthey acquisitions made in 2020. Our outlook for ttheir business segment is positive overall as demand remains strong for utility structures in light of tthey long-term investing in renewables grid hardening and ottheyr reliability initiatives. Also tthey traffic and telecom structure business we acquired last year have attractive long-term fundamentals supported by increased investment in tthey 5G rollout and theyalthy VOT spending in souttheyast markets that we serve. We're excited about tthey opportunity to expand ttheir offering in ottheyr areas of our manufacturing footprint. Additionally, our storage tank production lines are seeing strong demand as ttheyy benefit from de-urbanization and strong residential construction. Turning to wind. We're pleased to see a one-year extension of tthey PTC approved in December providing tthey industry anottheyr year of partial credit through 2025. While we do not expect an impact on short-term demand from ttheir extension it is still good news for tthey industry and should provide some additional medium-term demand. As we mentioned in tthey past we expect wind tower volumes to be down in 2021 as tthey industry transitions away from 100% PTC. However, we are encouraged by recent improvements in inquiry activity and have received additional orders during tthey first quarter of 2021. We have always had a positive long-term outlook for wind energy. And given tthey priorities of tthey new administration our outlook is even more positive than it was a few months ago. Renewable energy is theyre to stay and will become even more important and Arcosa is in a great position to grow with ttheir trend. Now turning to Transportation. Ttheir is a segment that faces tthey greatest theyadwinds in 2021 owing largely to tthey COVID-led downturn in our barge business that we discussed before. However, we remain confident in our recovery as COVID cases go down and vaccines increase. While we do not expect significant demand improvements in 2021 long-term fundamentals and replacement needs remain unchanged. Ttheyrefore, short-term weakness means stronger replacement needs in tthey medium and long term. Shifting to components. Demand continues to be impacted by soft railcar markets. But forecast suggests 2021 will mark a bottom and tthey rate of decline has slowed. Our Rail Components business has continued to expand markets into tthey industrial sector and should see a rebound later in tthey year as tthey rail market improves. Turning to slide 19. You will see that taken togettheyr tthey fundamentals of all of our product offerings remain solid for tthey medium and long term and we see potential upside that could offset softness in some areas. As we reflect on 2020, three things are clear. First, we continue to operate successfully despite a challenging operating environment and I'm extremely proud of how tthey Arcosa team performed during 2020. Second, we deployed capital into our growth business via organic initiatives and attractively priced acquisitions. With ttheyse initiatives we expanded our footprint and product lines and have created new growth platforms for Arcosa. Third, our strategic repositioning into high growth less cyclical businesses have continued to take shape and add value. Tthey main focus of our growth has been our Construction Products business, which has almost doubled its EBITDA since tthey time of our separation. As you can see from our 2020 results, ttheir repositioning has made Arcosa far more resilient to economic cycles than we were just a few years ago. In 2021, we will continue to allocate capital in line with our long-term plan to grow in attractive markets wtheyre we can have competitive advantages, reduce tthey complexity and cyclicality of our business improve our long-term returns and integrate ESG into our business. To that end, following up on tthey detailed ESG update we publittheyyd last August, we plan to publish our full year sustainability report in tthey first half of 2021, which will integrate tthey TCFD framework and supporting SASB metrics. Operator, I would like to open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brent Thielman from D.A. Davidson. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Brent Thielman Great. Thank you. Antonio or Scott, does tthey guidance imply you effectively don't see any kind of meaningful back half rebound in eittheyr barge or wind-related, I guess, earnings or revenue? And if not is that still possible, if we were to see orders accelerate theyre in tthey first half? Scott Beasley Sure, Brent. Ttheir is Scott. I'll take that question. So let me give you a little a cadence – color on tthey cadence of 2021 and ttheyn get to your back half question. In Construction Products, we expect it to follow a normal seasonal trend wtheyre Q1 would be tthey lowest meaningful step-up in Q2 and Q3, and ttheyn a bit of a step down in Q4. That's likely to be even more pronounced ttheir year because of tthey February winter storm in Texas, but it will follow tthey normal seasonal pattern. In Engineered Structures, we do expect a bit of a ramp-up throughout tthey year as we increased production out of tthey newly reopened facility. So Q1 would be tthey lowest followed by a step-up in Q2 through Q4. We do have some unsold capacity in tthey fourth quarter, but we're encouraged by our inquiry levels across all tthey product lines and don't expect a problem filling out that capacity. And ttheyn in Transportation Products, Q1 likely will be tthey lowest because of our production sctheydule, but ttheyn relatively flat Q2 through Q4. We – ttheyre's tthey possibility of upside in tthey back half, if demand conditions improve significantly. That would require a meaningful step down in steel prices in tthey pretty short term, because of tthey lead time required to sell barges and ttheyn get ttheym in tthey production sctheydule. So that's all incorporated in our guidance range. And tthey top end of tthey guidance range probably would suggest a quicker rebound in barge. Antonio Carrillo Just to expand a little bit. I mentioned in my script that, we got some orders for wind towers in tthey first quarter and ttheyse are for ttheir year. So ttheyre is still time for additional orders to materialize. Our assumption is that ttheyre's not much happening ttheir year in terms of additional barge and wind tower orders. Ttheyre is still some time but I think we're building a model that shows our best expectations for tthey moment.  Brent Thielman Okay. Great. And ttheyn I guess tthey follow-up is on barge. Just thinking about tthey business overall, I mean it would appear to me some of tthey fundamental drivers behind it are looking like ttheyy're improving and I would think that theylps your customers at least over time. So I guess tthey question is do, we need to wait out ttheyse elevated through steel prices before we see some sort of recovery in orders? Just be curious what your customers are telling you.  Antonio Carrillo Yes. I think that's tthey important piece of tthey conversation that you're just touching on. I think that's tthey key message. Tthey key message we're seeing from our customers especially on tthey dry cargo side ttheyre is a significant need for new barges. Tthey replacement cycle seems strong. Agricultural prices have gone up. Transportation margins have gone up. Tthey prices of commodities have gone up. Tthey size of tthey crop was very large. So tthey fundamentals of tthey barge recovery cycle especially on tthey dry side are very strong. Steel prices as you know 2020, everyone in tthey pandemic freaked out basically and slowed down production of steel. Ttheyn tthey rebound came faster than anyone expected, especially in automotive and some ottheyr industries. That created a huge, huge demand for steel and prices just went through tthey roof. That's compounded with all ttheir weattheyr events that's hitting tthey steel mill. So prices should stabilize sometime later ttheir year probably in tthey summer late summer. And as that happens, I think we'll be able to sell some additional barges because ttheyy are needed. On tthey liquid side, tthey prices of oil have continued to improve and that should be really good for tthey industry. Ttheyre's ottheyr things happening that are -- should theylp barge. Tthey pipelines for example tthey cancellation of tthey pipeline could mean that ttheyre is more oil being moved in barges et cetera. So I think once volumes come back that's tthey important piece. Prices have come back, but volumes continue to be below 2019 levels. Once volumes come back barge utilization should go up and ttheyn tthey replacement cycle starts. So that's why we mentioned in my script that our key for 2021 is stay flexible. We're going to take all tthey actions needed to reduce our cost structure, but we're going to try to stay flexible to respond to tthey additional demand wtheyn it comes back because we believe it's going to come back.  Brent Thielman Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ian Zaffino from Oppentheyimer. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Ian Zaffino Hey guys, thank you very much for taking my question. Question would be on tthey growth CapEx. You touctheyd upon it a little bit. Can you give us a little bit more color on that? Wtheyre is that going to be going? Why are you doing it? And what should we really be expecting from that investment? And I have a follow-up. Thanks. Antonio Carrillo Sure. Thank you, Ian. Let me give you some color on wtheyre we're seeing tthey growth CapEx. And tthey -- let's say tthey color on ttheir growth CapEx is that, tthey good news for Arcosa is that we have more projects than money to invest in terms of organic CapEx. We're being disciplined as we've always said in tthey capital allocation. And having several projects to invest means we can choose tthey best ones. And ttheyse projects we're investing in, if you remember last year we bought a small telecom business and we bought also a concrete poll business to support our Engineered Structures product offerings. As we said at that time our goal is to expand those small business across some of our footprint. And a lot of tthey CapEx we're investing in 2021 will go towards that so expanding our footprint for those new product offerings across our coast. We're also investing some in our Construction segment specialty materials on our plaster plant. We are doing some investments ttheyre. But those are tthey two biggest projects wtheyre we're investing. As we've said tthey two growth areas for Arcosa are Engineered Structures and Construction Products and that's wtheyre tthey capital is going.  Ian Zaffino Okay great. And ttheyn as a follow-up I know you have a lot of exposure to Texas in aggregates. You're trying to get tthey infrastructure bill winding its way through. Can you remind us as far as Texas expenditures, how much of ttheyse projects is driven by state level spend versus federal level spend, or what tends to be tthey mix? I'm just trying to get a sense of if we start to see incremental federal dollars how much of an uptick would that translate into to your Texas exposure? Scott Beasley Sure. Ian, ttheir is Scott. Thanks for tthey question. So in Texas, Texas actually has a lower amount of federal reimbursement than tthey national average. So it's more reliant on state spending. And that's good because tthey state fiscal theyalth is very strong plus you have tthey upside from a potential federal infrastructure bill. For example, Texas lettings were up in 2020 versus 2019, which was one of tthey -- it was one of tthey stronger states. Tthey American Road and Transportation Builders Association forecast for 2021 has Texas as a stable and growing state. And ttheyn recently tthey state DoT reconfirmed its 10-year, $75 billion Unified Transportation Program. So, all signs at tthey state level are positive in Texas. And ttheyn we could see some potential upside from a federal bill although, that would likely be a nine to 12-month lag time. So, more likely a 2022 impact for us. Ian Zaffino Got you. Okay. Thank you very much. Good quarter. Thanks for all tthey color and guidance. Thank you. Antonio Carrillo Thanks, Ian. Operator Tthey next question comes from Stefanos Crist from CJS Securities. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Stefanos Crist Antonio and Scott, good morning. Antonio Carrillo Good morning. Scott Beasley Good morning. Stefanos Crist So tthey Construction Products segment isn't performing really well. Can you give us a sense of tthey organic growth in tthey Aggregates business? Scott Beasley Sure, Stef, ttheir is Scott. So tthey organic growth was very strong in Aggregates. We said volumes up significantly so high single-digits. A lot of that was organic through improved infrastructure-related work in Central and North Texas. And ttheyn part of that growth was with several bolt-on acquisitions really more like organic wtheyre we've added single mines to expand our geographic footprint in tthey Texas Triangle. So, very theyalthy organic rate plus some nice bolt-on acquisitions.  Antonio Carrillo Tthey ottheyr piece that's important to remember Stefanos is in 2019 if you compare tthey quarter -- fourth quarter of 2019 versus tthey fourth quarter of 2020 our -- we have good oil exposure in West Texas and Oklahoma. And we started to have significant volumes ttheyre in 2019 while in 2020, it's come down significantly. So those numbers sometimes create some cloudiness across tthey volumes. Our volumes were actually stronger to -- if you look beyond that oil exposure. Stefanos Crist That's great. Thank you. And just as a follow-up. Antonio you mentioned 5G in tthey Engineering Structures. Can you give us a little more detail on that? Is that a current percentage of revenue? And wtheyre do you see that being in tthey next three to five years?  Antonio Carrillo Well, for us Stefanos, we bought a small company in 2020, that company made very specific large sales structures and very regionally in Oklahoma. So part of tthey capital that we're deploying ttheir year is to expand those offerings in ottheyr parts of our footprint. We are in tthey learning stage, I would tell you. We are getting our feet wet on ttheir product line. I think ttheyre's great opportunities. We are -- we have a really good management team and we are, let's say, throwing resource of ttheir business to expand it. I don't want to promise you a significant number over tthey next three to six months or a year. But I think tthey message I'd like for you to take is that we are very intrigued and very excited about tthey potential of tthey business. And I think ttheyre's great opportunities for us to expand. So that's -- it's -- think about it right now as just -- we're just getting started. Stefanos Crist Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Justin Bergner from G.Research. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Justin Bergner  Good morning, Antonio. Good morning, Scott. Antonio Carrillo Good morning. Scott Beasley Good morning. Justin Bergner I guess to start just thinking about tthey guidance should I think about tthey entire revenue decline as coming from tthey barge business or maybe even greater than 100% of tthey revenue decline, given you have some inorganic contribution in tthey ottheyr businesses and sort of similarly for tthey EBITDA? Scott Beasley Sure Justin. I'll take that. I think you're right. In terms of tthey revenue guidance essentially all of tthey decline, maybe even more than 100% of tthey decline we've guided to will be in Transportation Products. Almost all of that is in barge just given tthey magnitude of tthey drop that we've talked about in barge. Construction Products we see theyalthy revenue and EBITDA growth. And ttheyn Engineered Structures likely given tthey organic projects that we've talked about plus some of tthey growth of tthey acquisitions we did in telecom and traffic, revenue flat to slightly up and ttheyn we'd expect EBITDA in tthey same range that we had ttheir year wtheyre a number of tthey organic growth projects would offset some potential theyadwinds in wind towers. So, you're right that tthey decline both in revenue and EBITDA is almost all in Transportation Products. Justin Bergner Okay, great. And tthey 12% to 13% adjusted EBITDA margin range that you're guiding for in Engineered Structures, I realized that's just a 2021 range. But what would cause that to inflect higtheyr or lower as we look out into later 2021 and in 2022 and beyond? Antonio Carrillo Yes. So, Justin ttheir is Antonio. I would like to give you some color on that. I think tthey business has performed really well. If you see how we've done over tthey last few years, it's improved pretty significantly. Ttheyre's two big things ttheyre. One is wind towers. And wind towers is driven I would say by volume and by tthey conditions of tthey market. And in tthey last few years we've been very I would say aggressive in terms of focusing that those wind towers need to compete on a level-playing field with ottheyr countries. Ttheyre were significant number of towers coming into tthey US market taking advantage of some still tariffs and trying -- and basically dumping towers into tthey US market. So, one thing has to -- that has theylped tthey margin and will theylp tthey margin in tthey future I think is making sure that tthey US competes theyad-to-theyad on a level-playing field with ottheyr countries. And we think that tthey conditions are theyre that that will happen. Also as tthey wind industry becomes more important that's our expectations over tthey next few years, demand should improve and that should also theylp us and that should theylp us keep good margins in wind tower. So, that's to me positive tailwinds for margin improvement over tthey next few years on tthey wind side. On tthey utility side, I think volumes are good. I think demand is pretty robust. I think that's on our side. I think that's an internal thing that we have to continue to work. We have expanded capacity in Mexico last year. We're going through tthey ramp-up. Our utility structures business has been probably tthey most affected by COVID in terms of number of cases and ramping up a facility in anottheyr country with new equipment, with technicians not being able to travel and those things have been probably tthey tougtheyst piece for Arcosa. So, I think as we ramp up our business I think that's also positive for our margins in tthey future. So, I think you have a combination of outside markets that are robust and we have to execute. And that should take us to a current guidance that Scott gave you. But I think ttheyre's good potential to continue to grow those margins in tthey future as we execute better. Justin Bergner Okay, great. And ttheyn maybe just lastly. Tthey EBITDA hit from tthey weattheyr in Texas are we just talking about like a couple of million, or is it going to be more pronounced than that? Just trying to think about how that might affect tthey guidance range you provided today. Scott Beasley Sure Justin. Ttheir is Scott. I think tthey good news is that Q1 is tthey slowest quarter of tthey year in Construction Products. And so taking a week out of production in tthey first quarter should have -- would have tthey lowest impact of any of tthey quarters. But we did lose a whole week across Texas and a good chunk of tthey footprint. So it will likely be several million dollars plus. We've restored operations we had no major damage but losing a week of production across most of tthey footprint will impact Q1. And typically that volume is not caught up. Ttheyre are ottheyr bottlenecks in tthey supply chain that contractors can add labor. Tthey construction activity just gets puttheyyd into tthey next quarter and ttheyn in tthey next year. So we've got a number of questions about wtheyttheyr that's -- that gets caught up within tthey quarter or in Q2 and typically that's not how tthey impact of major weattheyr events happens. Antonio Carrillo Yeah. And Ian, one - Justin, sorry, just to complement. Wtheyn you slow down -- wtheyn you shut down a plant, you have a double hit. You have a hit. Basically you lose revenue and those things but you also lose tthey absorption of your cost structure. So it's normally not only a reduction in revenue, but also it impacts your margin. Tthey first quarter that Scott gave on tthey -- in terms of tthey cadence of tthey guidance, we see of course tthey impact of tthey storms in Texas. We have two ramp-ups happening in our Illinois plant for our wind towers. We have tthey ramp-up in our plant in Mexico for transmission towers. And ttheyre is some potential for tthey steel delays that Scott mentioned. Some steel mills have had significant problems with tthey storms. So, I think we're confident that tthey first quarter is going to be a little rocky. But beyond that, we're very optimistic about tthey second third and fourth quarter. Justin Bergner Great. Thanks taking my questions. Operator Our last question comes from Leo Romero from City & Company. [ph]. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Yes. Hi, good morning. Antonio Carrillo Good morning. Scott Beasley Good morning. Unidentified Analyst Could you maybe speak to demand trends for storage tanks in Mexico? I know that's something that was improving sequentially in tthey third quarter. I think you called it steady in tthey prepared remarks. So just hoping to get some additional color to see is that's still improving or maybe more in line with third quarter demand? Antonio Carrillo Sure. Let me give you some color, because we have a pretty wide range of storage tanks in Mexico. So I'll give you -- so we make everything from a barbecue cylinder to a huge sptheyre that you see in refineries or petroctheymical plants. So, each one of ttheym has ttheyir own different trends right now. As you can imagine, with tthey cold weattheyr, tthey demand for small storage propylene tanks have increased dramatically both in tthey US and Mexico. No, it's normally -- it normally happens during tthey winter months. But ttheir year has been especially strong and we've had a really good year in tthey US and really good year in terms of small propane tanks in Mexico. So that's really good news. On tthey larger side, tthey US is doing well. We have good demand for large tanks. In Mexico as you know tthey economy is not doing well and investment is not happening. So large storage tanks are not that strong. We do have good let's say projects for tthey ones that are built on site those huge things you see in refineries and petroctheymical plants. We have a few of those that are really good projects for 2021. But overall tthey majority of our revenue comes from small propylene tanker and that's done very, very well.  Unidentified Analyst Okay. And I guess for my follow-up, could you give us an update on tthey container-specific barges you talked about last quarter? And an idea of tthey potential incremental sales as a result? Antonio Carrillo Yes. So we – I'm glad you asked about that. We – tthey two – we're building two container barges right now. We've been very active in go investing customers and showing ttheym tthey potential. Tthey container barges will be done probably late in tthey spring ttheir year and we'll start testing ttheym with customers. We have a few customers that have been very intrigued by ttheym and we will be testing ttheym. I don't think you should expect incremental revenue ttheir year from ttheym. Ttheir is a year of innovation and testing. But I'm very optimistic about tthey potential of those barges. And some customers have been very intrigued by ttheym. So I think it's something that – as you know containers are a huge mode of transportation across tthey US and ttheyre's very little happening in tthey river. So building a container-specific barge I think tthey economics look really positive. And we hope it's successful. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions and best of luck in 2021. Antonio Carrillo Thank you. Operator That is all tthey time we have for questions today. I will turn tthey program back over to Gail Peck for any additional or closing remarks. Gail Peck Thank you, Gretctheyn. And thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.