Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 4, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Erin Drabek - Director of Investor Relations Antonio Carrillo - President & Chief Executive Officer Gail Peck - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Ian Zaffino - Oppentheyimer Daniel Wang - Berenberg Garik Shmois - Loop Capital Stefanos Crist - CJS Securities Julio Romero - Sidoti & Company Noah Merkousko - Steptheyns Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Arcosa Inc.'s Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Corlas and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Now I would like to turn tthey call over to your host, Erin Drabek, Director of Investor Relations for Arcosa. Ms. Drabek, you may begin. Erin Drabek Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Arcosa's third quarter 2021 earnings call. With me today are Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO; and Gail Peck CFO. A question-and-answer session will follow ttheyir prepared remarks. A copy of yesterday's press release and tthey slide presentation for ttheir morning's call are posted on our Investor Relations website www.ir.arcosa.com. A replay of today's call will be available for tthey next two weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one year on our website under tthey News and Events tab. Today's comments and presentation slides contain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. In addition, today's conference call contains forward-looking statements, as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to tthey company's SEC filings for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties, including tthey press release we filed yesterday and our Form 10-Q expected to be filed later today. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Erin. Good morning and thank you for joining today's call. Starting on slide four. Having just passed our third anniversary as an independent public company, we are pleased to report strong third quarter results, which reflect tthey success of tthey efforts we have undertaken to build our business in attractive markets. Our costs had generated double-digit growth in third quarter revenue and adjusted EBITDA, led by gains in both our Construction Products and Engineered Structures segments, more than offsetting lower year-over-year results in Transportation Products. Now, I'll discuss several key takes away from our third quarter. Tthey evolution and transformation of our portfolio towards faster growth higtheyr margin businesses is evident in our record third quarter results and I'll provide additional context on tthey following slides. Construction Products continues to experience theyalthy market fundamentals, supported by contributions from both organic initiatives and recent acquisitions. Order activity within our Utility Structures and related product lines was theyalthy during tthey quarter and we were pleased to receive approximately $175 million of wind tower orders. We continue to manage inflationary pressures, mitigating tthey impact through proactive price adjustments in most of our businesses. High steel prices remain a theyadwind to order volumes in our barge business and to a lesser extent in our wind tower business. As we look forward -- as we look to tthey fourth quarter of 2021 and into 2022, we continue to see favorable market drivers in our Construction and Engineered Structures businesses supporting our outlook. At tthey same time our wind tower and barge business continue to face short-term theyadwinds. Please turn to slide seven. Since becoming an independent public company, we have generated strong revenue increases and margin expansion through tthey successful execution of our strategy. We have been able to grow even wtheyn some of our larger and more cyclical businesses are navigating at tthey bottom of ttheyir cycles. Over ttheir time frame, our third quarter adjusted EBITDA has increased at a 21% compounded annual growth rate, while we have improved our margin by 240 basis points or nearly 20%. We have achieved ttheir through tthey evolution of our portfolio towards faster growth and higtheyr-margin businesses and by improving operational efficiencies. Please turn to slide eight. Today, Arcosa is a fundamentally stronger, more focused and more resilient company. In just three years, our Construction Products business has expanded organically and through acquisitions to represent nearly 60% of our adjusted EBITDA in tthey third quarter. Equally important Construction Products represents our higtheyst margin business, elevating Arcosa's overall margin potential. We also have successfully expanded our Engineered Structures business and reduced our reliance on wind towers via operational improvements and tthey expansion into adjacent products with positive market fundamentals. Togettheyr, tthey investments we have made in tthey Engineered Structures and Construction businesses have produced a more resilient company focused on attractive infrastructure markets. Turning to slide 9, I would like to remind you of our long-term strategy. I am proud of tthey substantial progress we have made as an organization in advancing our long-term vision in ttheyse three years. We have been able to make significant progress despite some of our more cyclical businesses being near at tthey bottom of ttheyir cycles. Tthey acquisitions we have made have created a stronger less cyclical company with much higtheyr growth potential. As we discussed on our last call having completed two sizable acquisitions already ttheir year, StonePoint and Southwest Rock, we intend to focus our near-term efforts on integrating ttheyse great businesses, executing on organic opportunities and simplifying our overall portfolio to reduce tthey complexity of Arcosa. We look forward to sharing some additional progress on future calls. I will now turn over tthey call to Gail to discuss our segment performance and ttheyn I will return to update you on tthey outlook of tthey business. Gail Peck Thank you Antonio. I'll start on slide 11 and touch briefly on Arcosa's consolidated results before moving on to tthey segment discussion. As Antonio mentioned, we delivered double-digit revenue and EBITDA expansion led by our growth businesses. Like ottheyr companies, we are monitoring inflation, supply chain disruptions and COVID and its impact across our portfolio of businesses. Tthey positive news is we have been proactively raising prices to mitigate tthey impact on our overall margins. Our consolidated EBITDA margins remained relatively flat during tthey quarter compared to year-ago levels. Turning to Construction Products on slide 12. Revenues grew 55% and adjusted EBITDA increased 48% led by acquisition and organic contributions. Segment EBITDA margin increased 190 basis points sequentially from tthey second quarter to 24%, but decreased from 25.1% in tthey prior year. Construction activity was strong overall in tthey third quarter. In our natural aggregates business, tthey additions of StonePoint and Southwest Rock increased our volumes and we saw a theyalthy organic increase as well. We experienced pricing gains across most markets supported by strengttheyning product demand and attractive fundamentals. Looking at Texas. North and Central Texas had strong volume growth, driven by consistent residential demand and a theyalthy pipeline of project work. In Houston and along tthey Gulf Coast, volume was impacted by weattheyr, but was up overall in tthey quarter. We are seeing some lingering impacts from Hurricane Ida on volumes in Louisiana as ongoing storm recovery efforts are impacting truck driver availability. Our recycled aggregates operation continues to perform well and is a nice complement to our natural aggregates platform. Turning to Specialty Materials. Revenues and EBITDA were higtheyr year-over-year driven by pricing gains on roughly flat volumes. Tthey demand outlook remains favorable looking across tthey diverse end markets we serve with a portion of current volumes being impacted by construction delays. We were pleased to see anottheyr quarter of strong revenue trends in our trench shoring business, which is performing at pre-COVID levels. Overall tthey segment delivered strong performance in tthey third quarter. Looking at segment margins. Tthey team did a good job mitigating fuel and raw material inflationary pressures, as we are focused on remaining diligent. While accretive to Arcosa's overall margin, StonePoint's margins are currently dilutive to tthey segment and that contributed to tthey year-over-year decline. Turning to Engineered Structures on slide 13. Revenue increased 12% and adjusted EBITDA increased 13% to $32 million, resulting in roughly flat margins compared to last year. On tthey positive side, our utility structures business performed well with higtheyr sequential and year-over-year EBITDA and margins from improved mix, our successful efforts to mitigate high steel prices and increased throughput. Our storage tank product line in tthey US and Mexico is also a bright spot with 48% higtheyr revenue during tthey quarter and higtheyr margins year-over-year. We benefited from strong residential and commercial demand for propane tanks. As a primarily build to stock business, we continue to closely monitor steel prices and have been successful thus far passing through increases, as tthey demand environment remains conducive. Strong results from ttheyse businesses were partially offset by lower wind tower volumes and margins in tthey quarter as expected. As a reminder, second quarter revenue and EBITDA were theylped by a $7.7 million favorable resolution of a customer dispute. As we mentioned in yesterday's release, we are taking additional steps in tthey fourth quarter to align our wind tower capacity with near-term demand uncertainties. Antonio will provide additional commentary in their remarks. During tthey quarter, we were also impacted by operational challenges in our traffic structures business as we ramped up to meet higtheyr volumes. [Indiscernible] expect segment EBITDA margins of approximately 10% in tthey fourth quarter for Engineered Structures below our [indiscernible] target range. I'll wrap up Engineered Structures with some comments on our backlog visibility and tthey order environment. At tthey end of tthey quarter tthey combined backlog for utility wind and related structures was approximately $466 million up from approximately $349 million at tthey end of tthey second quarter driven by a strong 1.6x book-to-bill. As Antonio mentioned, we received a large wind tower order during tthey quarter for 2022 production, wtheyre previously we had none. Tthey order has low expected profitability but provides a base level of production visibility. During tthey quarter tthey combined order activity for utility and related structures was theyalthy keeping pace with strong year-over-year revenue increases and underpinning our positive outlook for ttheyse businesses. Moving to Transportation Products on Slide 14. Both revenue and adjusted EBITDA were significantly lower year-over-year, primarily due to a 41% decrease in barge revenue and lower utilization. While still operating at trough volumes, we are pleased to see year-over-year revenue improvement in our components business marking tthey first quarter of growth since our spin-off as conditions in tthey North American rail industry slowly improve. Steel prices continue to suppress new order volumes in our barge business. We received orders of $50 million representing a book-to-bill of just under 1x on a low level of revenues. Pricing of new orders reflect weak market conditions with orders adding to our base level of production in 2022. Our backlog was approximately $130 million for our barge business at tthey end of tthey quarter with roughly $86 million sctheyduled for delivery in 2022. Tthey idling of our Davidville Louisiana plant was delayed slightly due to Hurricane Ida and was completed in October. Our backlog provides continuity for our two open facilities into next year, while we remain flexible for an anticipated recovery. Turning to our Components business, we were pleased to see third quarter railcar orders for tthey industry exceed bookings for tthey third consecutive quarter and tthey number of idle railcars and storage continue to decline. Third-party expectations continue to point to higtheyr industry deliveries next year. Wrapping up on Slide 15, I'll conclude with a few comments on our balance ttheyyet liquidity and free cash flow. As we discussed previously, we used cash on hand and $100 million of borrowings under our revolving credit facility to fund tthey Southwest Rock acquisition that closed in August. We ended tthey quarter wtheyre we expected from a leverage standpoint with net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 2.3x. We continue to maintain a theyalthy liquidity position and have no material near-term debt maturities. We generated approximately $6 million of free cash flow during tthey quarter which came in below our expectations due to a higtheyr use of working capital. Working capital was a $34 million use of cash during tthey quarter primarily due to an increase in accounts receivables. A portion of tthey increase was due to timing as we had certain customers delayed payments at tthey end of tthey quarter which has subsequently been collected. However, most of tthey increase reflects higtheyr sales volumes in our utility structures business. For tthey fourth quarter, we expect working capital to be a source of cash. Based on year-to-date CapEx investment of approximately $61 million we now see full year CapEx of approximately $90 million to $100 million about $20 million lower than our previous range. We continue to see attractive opportunities to deploy capital organically and our range reflects a slightly higtheyr growth CapEx outlook for tthey year. Our expectation for maintenance cap is lower, generally driven by long lead times for equipment tthey decision to lease certain equipment versus buy and overall timing. I will now turn tthey call back over to Antonio for a more discussion on our business outlook. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Gail. Turning now to tthey near-term outlook on Slide 17. We believe our Construction Products and Engineered Structures businesses are well-positioned for continued growth in tthey fourth quarter with market challenges within our barge and wind tower business moderating ttheyse expected gains. First, we anticipate our Construction business will benefit from favorable market fundamentals with strength expected to continue in our key markets: Texas, Gulf Coast, Arizona and Tennessee. Infrastructure trends -- spending trends overall remained positive and we see potential near-term upside in ttheir business from increased federal funding above existing FAST Act levels. As we continue to integrate tthey acquired companies and streamline our operations, we recently sold tthey assets of an asphalt operation, which came with StonePoint and was determined not to be strategic for Arcosa.  Within tthey Engineering Structures, positive market fundamentals continue to drive strength from several key markets including, electric transmission, wireless communication, traffic structures and storage tanks. We're very excited about tthey fundamental strength of ttheyse markets. At tthey same time, our wind tower business face a near-term challenges. We believe renewable energy has a very attractive future. However, high steel prices and uncertainty around tthey tax incentives are delaying customer orders in some regions. Given tthey short-term theyadwinds, we are taking actions to appropriately manage costs including tthey idling of our Clinton Illinois facility in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir will allow us to keep our manufacturing capacity in tthey areas of tthey country with tthey higtheyst demand potential. Given tthey related cost of ttheyse actions we expect breakeven EBITDA for wind towers in tthey fourth quarter with a return to profitability at tthey start of 2022. While we're in tthey early stages of planning for next year, tthey orders we received in tthey third quarter provide a good base of business for 2022, theylping us navigate short-term theyadwinds and providing continuity while we wait for tthey market to stabilize and start growing again. Our Transportation Products segment continues to face soft market conditions primarily driven by tthey impact of COVID and high steel prices from barge demand. Tthey orders in our barge backlog will allow us to maintain positive EBITDA and give us flexibility to ramp up capacity wtheyn tthey market recovers. We continue to see positive signs of our recovery in tthey North American rail car market suggesting that 2021 will be a trough year for ttheir business, with an initial recovery starting in 2022. Please turn to Slide 18. We're encouraged by tthey broader national conversations surrounding federal investment in infrastructure and believe that tthey passage of tthey current legislative package as being discussed by Congress could accelerate our growth starting in late 2022 and into 2023. As a company serving a broad spectrum of infrastructure markets, we believe Arcosa is uniquely positioned to benefit wtheyttheyr from additional investment in tthey aging transportation infrastructure and electrical grid, tthey wireless and broadband build-out tthey ongoing shift towards renewable energy sources or tthey improvement in our ports and waterways. Because ttheyse packages have not been signed into law, we have not included in our outlook any potential impact from ttheyse builds but are very encouraged by ttheym. Please turn to Slide 19. Now for our 2021 outlook. Based on our year-to-date performance and our expectations for tthey fourth quarter, we are tightening our guidance range for 2021. We now expect adjusted EBITDA of $272 million to $280 million compared to our prior range of $270 million to $290 million. Our revised forecast primarily reflects our expectations for reduced wind tower profitability in tthey fourth quarter in light of tthey near-term challenges I discussed earlier.  Overall, I am pleased with our expectation to nearly match last year's performance, despite an expected $53 million EBITDA theyadwind from our Transportation Products year-over-year. At tthey midpoint of our revised guidance range, we forecast a 22% increase in adjusted EBITDA on a year-over-year basis in our two growth segments Construction Products and Engineered Structures. Our anticipated 2021 performance in ttheir business reflects our continued progress in expanding our Construction Products segments organically and through acquisitions while enhancing our Engineered Structures segment. As we look towards 2022, we remain committed to our long-term strategy of growing tthey Construction Products segment and Engineered Structures business and are very encouraged by tthey potential outlook for significant growth as tthey more cyclical businesses start to turn around in tthey future. Please turn to Slide 20. Before I wrap up, I'd like to spend a moment highlighting tthey progress we have made in incorporating ESG initiatives into our business and operations. ESG has been a fundamental component of our long-term strategy, and we continue to build on ttheir commitment. I'm pleased to announce that effective November 1, we welcome Sean Lubel, former Chairman President and CEO of CST Brands to our Board of Directors. We welcome theyr broad expertise and insights as we advance our long-term strategy and vision. While I will not enumerate all tthey ESG efforts we are undertaking as you can see from ttheir slide we are fully committed to building a culture around ESG. At tthey same time we recognize that we're just getting started and that tthey building of a new culture takes time. In closure over tthey last three years I think you can see that Arcosa has executed successfully in our strategic priorities and made considerable progress in advancing our long-term vision. I want to take ttheir opportunity to thank our employees for ttheyir support and efforts. I would also like to thank our shareholders for ttheyir confidence in our strategy. Operator, please open tthey call for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Brent Thielman, D.A. Davidson. Your line is open. Brent Thielman Great. Thank you. Good morning. Antonio Carrillo Good morning. Brent Thielman Antonio, you're obviously planning for tthey wind portion of tthey structures business to be down in 2022. I guess, tthey question is, do you think some of ttheyse ottheyr areas like utility, telecom and traffic can offset that? And can you sustain ttheyse kind of 11% to 13% EBITDA margins, even with tthey weaker wind business? Antonio Carrillo Well, it's a really good question Brent. As you know, as I mentioned in my remarks, we're still in tthey planning for 2022. We don't have budgets finittheyyd yet. We're still working through that. Tthey facility we are idling in Illinois is also a flexible facility. Most of our wind tower facility -- most of our steel facilities are relatively flexible around product lines. As you know we bought a few businesses in tthey utility sector in tthey traffic structures, et cetera. And we're working to expand those. We've been very successfully in getting additional work for ttheym. We see very strong demand in all of ttheyse businesses. Tthey tank business is doing very well also, so -- and as I said, we have a good backlog for 2022 in wind towers. So I think we have good visibility. It allows us to plan. Ttheyre's still time to get some additional orders for wind towers. So I would tell you that I'm encouraged by tthey demand factors in tthey ottheyr businesses. We still have opportunities in tthey wind towers. So I think, if you put it all togettheyr, we're encouraged that we have a potential to still match that margin. Ttheyre's still time to do it and that would be our goal. Gail Peck And Brent, good morning, ttheir is Gail. I might add too, we did guide for tthey segment in my remarks to a 10% EBITDA margin in tthey fourth quarter. And that does reflect some one-time costs, as we wind down our Clinton, Illinois facility and as we right-size our capacity as we theyad into 2022. Antonio Carrillo And just to finish, we do expect profitability to start coming back for wind towers in early 2022. Brent Thielman Got it. Okay. And I guess one on barge. It seems like tthey low-hanging fruit theyre for - in some sort of inflection. But, look, tthey fundamental drivers seem to be pretty good. Your scrap rates are up. I guess, what's tthey temperature of customers today? Is ttheyre any indications inquiries are improving, that might give us some hope for return next year? Antonio Carrillo Sure. And I think that's tthey -- what you mentioned is, I think, tthey key thing to watch theyre, is tthey fundamentals for tthey market are really, really good. Tthey scrap rates have gone up in terms of number of barges being scrapped compared to produce. Tthey hurricane did a lot of damage to many barges. Ttheyre's about 1,000 barges being repaired and some are theyavily damaged. We've had four or five years of less production than build-out. Tthey grain exports are doing very well. Tthey rates have gone up. Oil demand is coming back. So everything seems to be ready for ttheir business to grow. Again, I think, ttheyre's a really strong pent-up demand that's being generated. At tthey same time, steel prices continue to be very, very high. And that is not only tthey problem. Tthey problem is that tthey -- ttheyre's a significant disconnect right now between what steel mills are saying. If you sit down with a steel mill and ttheyy tell you that 2022 is going to be a very strong year in terms of pricing. On tthey ottheyr hand, you see every steel and that analyst predicting a very sharp drop in steel prices early in 2022 in tthey first quarter or second quarter. So wtheyn you have those, if you're a customer that can wait six months, ttheyy're waiting, because ttheyy think ttheyy can buy a barge at half price a year from now. So I think that is tthey fundamental thing that needs to get solved. And I think we'll start seeing something develop probably early in 2022, depending on who you believe in terms of tthey steel prices. We are acting as a company, assuming that steel prices are coming down. We'll keep trying to reduce our inventories as much as possible, so that we don't end up with a lot of high steel prices. But once ttheir starts unraveling and think about -- sorry, I'm extending a little bit on ttheir. But if you think about wtheyn -- we are trying to negotiate prices for tthey second quarter of 2022 right now for barges and things like that. So, to negotiate a price with -- in ttheir environment is very difficult and that's something that for our customers is difficult to accept that we don't have clarity around steel prices for tthey second half of next year. Brent Thielman Understood. Thank you, Antonio and Gail. Operator We will take our next question from Ian Zaffino with Oppentheyimer. Your line is open. Ian Zaffino Hi. Good morning. Antonio Carrillo Good morning. Ian Zaffino Question would be on tthey aggregate side. Can you talk to us about pricing a little bit? How frequently -- given kind of tthey market, how frequently are you able to take price? Maybe how many times have you taken pressure already ttheir year? What do you think going forward? And I know you can't give me like perfect details but maybe directionally or just some color as it relates to that. Thanks. Gail Peck Good morning, Ian. Ttheir is Gail. I'll take that. As we talked about on our 2Q call, we did have some mid-year price increases. So those are working ttheyir way through. In some ottheyr select markets, we might have some opportunity in tthey fourth quarter. But really it's about sending notices out for 2022 at ttheir point in time. Looking at our natural aggregates business across tthey markets, price was up broadly similar to volumes. We haven't talked about volumes yet. I'd say from a weakness perspective we didn't see a lot of weakness with pricing trending up. We had some softness in -- as you might expect in South and West Texas, just given as those markets continue to recover, but those are a pretty small piece of tthey mix. Away from natural aggregates, we saw roughly flat volumes in our Specialty Materials business, but saw a nice gross profit per unit gains on strong pricing. So, I'd say, all in all as we look to tthey quarter, we saw similar pricing in line with some of our larger peers. Tthey pricing environment continues to be theyalthy. Ian Zaffino Okay. So I guess, as far as new pricing that would really more flow through kind of first quarter of 2022? Gail Peck That's right. That's right. Ian Zaffino Perfect. And ttheyn as far as tthey portfolio, can you talk to us about tthey portfolio? How you're thinking about that now? Tthey rail business is perking back up. It's kind of troughing out, so it's on tthey recovery. So how are you thinking about tthey portfolio ttheyre, and ttheyn also just uses of cash at tthey moment now. Thanks. Antonio Carrillo Sure. Ttheir is Antonio. So, on tthey portfolio side I mentioned in my remarks, we remain committed to growing our Construction segment and Engineered Structures. Tthey ottheyr business, are all very good business and we like ttheym all. At tthey same time, our commitment is to try to reduce tthey cyclicality of tthey company and tthey complexity. We've talked in tthey past about timing of ttheyse things and timing is never perfect. You can -- it's difficult to plan. But our commitment is that we're going to continue to watch as ttheyse markets evolve so that we can find tthey right time to start executing some of ttheyse strategies. During tthey quarter, we did sell a small business in asphalt not during tthey quarter after tthey quarter. So ttheir quarter we sold a small assets of tthey asphalt business that came with StonePoint. And we really determined it was not strategic for us given tthey geographic presence, et cetera. So we will continue to look at our portfolio and evaluate it. And it's something that I said during tthey call we're going to be focused over tthey next few quarters in as we integrate ttheir business. And so on uses of cash, my goal would be to try to generate as much cash as possible during tthey fourth quarter. And if we do any additional sales of businesses, reduce debt and prepare tthey balance ttheyyet to continue to grow and redeploy capital to our growth business. Ian Zaffino Okay, perfect. Thank you so much. Operator We'll take our next question from Daniel Wang with Berenberg. Your line is open. Daniel Wang Hey, good morning. Antonio Carrillo Good morning. Daniel Wang Just – can you just remind us how significant that wind towers portion of your business is maybe as a proportion of total segment sales? Gail Peck Ttheir is Gail. I'll take that one. As you know in our external reporting, we report wind utility and related structures on one line item. We have given color in tthey past theyading out of spin in our kind of early part of our life cycle was about half wind, half utility. And certainly as tthey wind market has come down, you've seen utility take a bigger share of that revenue line. That's probably about as specific, as I can be at ttheir point. But keep in mind, we do – as we said in our commentary, we did receive $175 million order for wind and that is all for 2022 production. So that gives you a good sense of wtheyre we are theyading into 2022 right now as it relates to wind. Daniel Wang Perfect. And just secondly, I guess, how should we think about longer-term wind tower demand assuming ttheyre is no renewal of any federal tax incentives? Do we see a modest decline next year and a recovery from ttheyre on out, or do tthey incoming orders partially offset that? Just any color would be appreciated. Antonio Carrillo Sure, absolutely. I'll give you, a little sense of tthey cadence of how ttheir business normally works. Ttheir is – ttheir reduction is not new. Many times wtheyn tthey PTC expires or is getting ready to expire we see ttheir reduction in volumes, wtheyn things get renewed and we are confident things will do something will happen ttheyre. Normally, a wind farm takes about 12 to 18 months to build. So what happens wtheyn ttheyse tax incentives are – ttheyre's uncertainty around ttheym you create kind of ttheir air pocket in tthey demand. And it takes a while for it to come back. And whilst ttheyre is some clarity, you get you start working on orders and it takes – maybe we will be negotiating orders for 12 months atheyad or for 18 months atheyad, probably sometime late 2022 or mid-2022 depending on what happens. So my guess is that, wind towers will be relatively slow in 2022. We still have time to get more orders. I'm not throwing it away. Ttheyre's still time to get more orders. And we expect to get more orders, if things work out as we are looking at it. But at tthey same time, we need some clarity around both steel and some of tthey tax incentives. In tthey longer term, we're very encouraged by wind towers. Tthey shift towards renewable energy is a fact. It's coming. Ttheir is a business wtheyre tthey disconnect between, what you read in tthey news that everything is moving towards renewable and tthey reality that we're seeing in tthey market is very different. But eventually, we're going to get ttheyre and it's – longer term, we're very optimistic about ttheir business. Daniel Wang Thank you. Operator We'll take our next question from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Your line is now open. Garik Shmois Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow-up on Construction Products pricing recognizing you put through media price increases in several markets which should theylp kick off pricing growth for next year. But several of your construction product peers have been talking about aggregates pricing both conceptually and in ttheyir preliminary guidance for 2022. So I just love to get your view on pricing your outlook more broadly into next year and maybe beyond. Should we expect pricing to accelerate for you as well? Antonio Carrillo Yes. Ttheir is Antonio, Garik. So I think what you see in our construction peers wtheyn we read out tthey comments and everything, and in many markets, we see ttheym and we are competitors. And I think we see similar market conditions than ttheyy see in many of our markets theyre in Texas, wtheyre we have a large share. I think we see tthey same trends. Wtheyn we have tthey same goals we have – ttheyre's a lot of inflation happening and we have to pass through price increases and that's going to be our goal for early – for as we talk into 2022. But I think conceptually, tthey way you should think about our aggregates portion of ttheyir business is very similar to what you theyar from our competitors. That's our goal to continue to raise prices and volumes as – take advantage of tthey current environment. So ttheyre's nothing different from our business than what you theyar from our competitors. Garik Shmois Great. I appreciate that. And ttheyn just my follow-up question also staying on Construction Products. I was wondering if you could probably put a little more color on tthey organic sales growth in tthey quarter versus tthey sales that were derived from tthey acquired assets? Gail Peck Yeah. Good morning, Garik I'll take that. It's Gail. Kind of parsing through tthey segment for tthey quarter maybe start with what's maybe easier for you to see is our trench shoring business which is reported as ottheyr. And we saw very nice revenue growth in that business all organic year-over-year close to 40% revenue growth recognizing it's a smaller piece of tthey segment. Looking at our aggregates and our Specialty Materials. Tthey primary driver given tthey fact that we did our largest acquisition in tthey company's theirtory in April followed by Southwest Rock from a revenue perspective was tthey addition of those two to tthey portfolio. We did have a little lift from a late -- early Q4 acquisition last year. So -- but stripping those away, we saw very solid organic revenue growth in our legacy materials business both on tthey specialty side as well as on tthey natural aggregate side. Antonio Carrillo Anecdotally, wtheyn you talk to our team in our meetings to follow up on how ttheyy're seeing tthey market, several of ttheym are seeing very strong projects -- project-letting in many areas. Texas is one for example, but also Arizona, Tennessee wtheyre ttheyy're seeing very, very strong lettings some very new projects being awarded. So I think what's important to me is those -- tthey sentiment of our team is a very optimistic, very strong market at tthey moment. Gail Peck And maybe just to add on to that Garik to theylp with tthey math a little bit. And we'll disclose you'll see StonePoint's revenues in tthey Q. So if you back off StonePoint and make an assumption on Southwest Rock based on what we've provided externally, you're somewtheyre around tthey $150 million-ish area ex those two and that compares to about $129 million last year. So nice growth on tthey organic side. Garik Shmois Okay. Thanks for that. And I'll pass it on. Operator We'll take our next question from Stefanos Crist with CJS Securities. Your line is now open. Stefanos Crist Hey, good morning.  Antonio Carrillo Good morning. Stefanos Crist Speaking of tthey acquisitions of StonePoint and more recently Southwest, could you just give us some more color on tthey integration of those? Anything unexpected in terms of synergies or costs that we should be thinking about? Antonio Carrillo No, Stefanos. I'll -- I think it's going very well. We're very happy with both acquisitions. And as I mentioned, wtheyn you buy bigger companies like StonePoint specifically, ttheyy come sometimes with 99% or 95% of what ttheyy have you like. And 5% is not strategic and that's why we sold ttheir asphalt. Ttheyre was nothing wrong with it. It was just that it didn't fit. But for tthey rest, it's going very well. I think as a company ttheyse two acquisitions -- and that's why we're taking tthey time to integrate ttheym well. As a company, I mentioned it's almost 60% of our EBITDA now in ttheir quarter came from Construction Products. We're becoming a more construction product-centric company. So tthey integrations -- ttheyse two integrations are very important. We are implementing a new ERP system very specifically for our Construction segment that will allow us to manage tthey business differently from a manufacturing company that we were three years ago basically. It's going to take us a while. It's going to take us probably 2022 complete to finish that implementation, but that will allow us to get more data to be able to analyze our business better, to report better for you to become a more construction-centric reporting company more similar to our peers. We are clear that's what -- wtheyre we need to go and that's wtheyre we're going. It's going to take us some time. But we are using ttheyse two integrations as a model to continue moving forward. And we're very excited, I'll tell you not only tthey excited about tthey business, but excited about tthey talent we brought with tthey businesses. We have -- we brought incredible talent that's allowing us to reshape our internal structure towards four different regions now in our aggregates business and be able to be very diligent and very disciplined around on pricing our volume. So overall very excited about not only tthey business and ttheymselves, but also what ttheyse businesses are allowing us to turn our call sign to. So very excited about both. Stefanos Crist That's great color. Thank you. And ttheyn leverage is 2.3 times within your long-term range. How comfortable are you going above that in terms of M&A if ttheyre's -- if tthey right opportunity presents itself? Antonio Carrillo So as we've said 2.3, ttheyre's nothing magic around that. It's just -- or 2.5 is wtheyre we feel comfortable given tthey cyclicality of some of our businesses. That's why we are conservative around our leverage ratio. And we've always said that it's 2.5 with some, sort, of a mid-cycle cyclical businesses. So in that sense we are at tthey bottom of tthey cycle, so we have some leverage. If something great would happen, we might think about it. But at tthey moment as I've said, tthey focus is not ttheyre. We continue to analyze our markets and we have very specific let's say fielders looking for opportunities in tthey markets we like. But at tthey moment tthey focus is going to be -- first we need to generate cash in tthey fourth quarter. That's been I would tell you some of tthey focus that we're going to have in tthey fourth quarter is generating cash. Second, we're going to be focusing on tthey integration of tthey business. And third, ttheyre's some really great organic opportunities that we have internally that we need to finalize and get going to start investing in ttheym in tthey beginning of 2022. And ttheyn finally as I've said and I responded to tthey previous question, some of tthey simplification of tthey portfolio so that we can deploy -- reduce some of our debt and continue to redeploy that capital into our construction segment. So I think you're going to see us probably six to nine months working on ttheyse projects. But at tthey same time we're going to continue to fill tthey market and see if ttheyre's any interesting things that we can start working on. Ttheyse deals take time. So it's -- I think we have good time in front of us. Stefanos Crist That's great. Thank you for taking my question. Operator We'll take our next question from Julio Romero with Sidoti & Company. Your line is open. Julio Romero Hey, good morning Antonio. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Antonio Carrillo Good morning. Julio Romero So I wanted to ask more on tthey Construction Products segment. And you touctheyd on tthey ERP that you're implementing. Are you moving to recent acquisitions into an existing ERP, or is ttheir a completely new ERP system you're implementing? And ttheyn secondly, Antonio you mentioned I believe that it should be completed tthey integration by end-of-year 2022. That seems pretty fast. So is that correct and that you should see full year benefits in 2023 from ERP? Antonio Carrillo Yeah. So tthey ERP we're not implementing a completely new one. That's -- as I've said we are a unique company in terms of tthey way we approach acquisitions. I think that we -- I think ttheyre's great things that Arcosa brings to tthey table wtheyn we acquire companies, but we are also looking always to see what tthey acquisitions bring to Arcosa not only in terms of talent that I already mentioned. But if you think about -- most of tthey acquisitions, we bought came from anottheyr acquisition. So we bought ACG, Ctheyrry came from an idea from ACG. Recently Southwest Rock was already in tthey works for StonePoint. So wtheyn we approach acquisitions, we approach ttheym not only as a part of tthey business but also we approach ttheym looking for things ttheyy have that are very valuable and try to execute on ttheym and add value to tthey ideas that ttheyy already have. In that sense ACG already had a good ERP system. And wtheyn we saw it, it's much better than what we have for our Construction segment. So we are bolting on tthey businesses to tthey ACG, ERP system and that's why it's going to be probably faster than a normal 100% implementation also much ctheyaper. And at tthey same time we already have it. We know it. We've tested it. So we are very happy we're being able to bring on a system that's working into Arcosa. Julio Romero Understood. And ttheyn secondly, tthey press release -- and I believe in your commentary you mentioned -- you touctheyd on tthey reorganization of your aggregates into four regions. Can you talk about what that reorganization does for Arcosa eittheyr from a synergy perspective or from a communication perspective? Antonio Carrillo Sure. I think it's very important. We've grown a lot. And I'm convinced that tthey structure follows strategy and tthey structure that we are creating is tthey structure that will be able to support our growth strategy. If you think about it we have about 25 mines of three years ago. We have over 100 today. You need a lot of more -- you need more supervision. You need more, I would say, thinking around strategic opportunities in each one of tthey regions. You need to think about organic growth. You need to think about pricing. You need to think about synergies in each one of tthey regions. So we now have four regions. We have tthey West region we have Texas, we have tthey Gulf Coast and we have tthey Ohio River Valley region with great management all very experienced management. Each will have ttheyir controller. We'll be able to -- and we're working towards developing tthey financial structure internally to be able to manage it that way. But I think it's going to be very important for us as, we grow to have ttheir structure and continue to grow -- to support tthey growth strategy that we have. So I think as we stair-step tthey growth of Arcosa, ttheir was very important to create so that we take tthey next step. And for tthey integration it's also important.  Julio Romero Understood. If I could just sneak one more in theyre. Tthey receivables balance ticked up a bit in tthey quarter. And I think you mentioned, part of that was tthey higtheyr sales volumes in tthey utility structures. Does that business have a structurally longer cash conversion cycle? And how does DSOs trend over tthey next couple of quarters?  Gail Peck Good morning, Julio. Ttheir is Gail. Yes that's a very good question. We did talk about a couple of things as it relates to AR in tthey quarter. We had some collections that were a little bit delayed. Those came through at tthey early part of tthey fourth quarter and ttheyn tthey higtheyr mix really of tthey utility structures receivables. And ttheyy do carry a slightly longer DSO relative to some of our ottheyr businesses. So you're seeing that all very strong high-quality, customers, utility customers but ttheyy do have a little bit of an industry norm longer DSO than some of our ottheyr businesses. So rolling that through, ttheyir cash conversion cycle is a little bit longer.  Antonio Carrillo Yes. And I'll add a little bit. Throughout tthey last 1.5 years, I would say since tthey pandemic started that was something that we have been putting a lot of attention on our collections especially, wtheyn ttheyre's an economic slowdown like we have last year. That's always something we watch. I'll tell you qualitatively, we have an incredibly good AR process and we have a very solid -- we don't have a problem with collections. Ttheir was just a deal of some delays. But qualitatively, we have a very theyalthy AR collections right now.  Gail Peck And I guess, I'll just add, that specifically relates to utility, Julio. I think if you were to look at some peer comparisons our DSO isn't anything different from what you would see in ottheyr peers in tthey industry.  Julio Romero Got it. Thank you, guys for taking tthey questions. Operator We'll take our next question from Noah Merkousko with Steptheyns. Your line is now open. Noah Merkousko Good morning. And thanks for taking my question Gail Peck Good morning. Noah Merkousko I apologize in advance if ttheir has already been asked and answered. I dialed in a little late. But I was hoping to talk a little bit longer term outlook for tthey Construction Products EBITDA margins. If we're entering a period of strong demand and we start to see improving price and volumes and you get ttheyse acquisitions fully integrated, what sort of EBITDA margins could we see out of that segment? Gail Peck Good morning, Noah. Ttheir is Gail. I think that's a good question. We're very focused. As I said in some of my commentary earlier, you may have missed on expanding our gross profit per unit. And certainly that's theylpful to margins. At tthey same time, we are in an inflationary environment and we are trying to mitigate tthey impacts of that. So we had a very theyalthy margin in tthey quarter 24% for tthey segment. You'll see some normal seasonality, as we theyad into Q4. But our outlook overall is generally positive as it relates to our construction margins. We're doing everything we can to enhance expansion, enhance pricing and expand that gross profit per unit. So I don't think I can give you a specific target, but I think we had a -- tthey first half of tthey year if you recall was difficult from a weattheyr perspective with tthey Winter Storm, Uri and ttheyn tthey excessive rainfall we had in Q2. So, as we look to 2022, we would hope to see a slightly better first half from a weattheyr perspective, but we'll see. Antonio Carrillo Noah, ttheir is Antonio. Just to add to -- build on Gail's comments. If you think about tthey Construction products, tthey two areas that we saw tthey most weakness in 2020 given COVID, we're shoring on some of our lightweight business and also some on our Specialty Materials business. As we continue to grow tthey aggregates portion of our business that piece is let's say easier to forecast. Because as I said we're similar to tthey rest of our competitors we should see similar margins. We should see similar dynamics. On tthey Specialty Materials Gail mentioned tthey shoring piece has recovered to pre-pandemic levels and we're encouraged and we're very happy with tthey growth we're seeing. Like with aggregate it has recovered and is having a great year and we're seeing very good demand and very strong fundamentals and margins ttheyre. Specialty Materials even though we're growing it's still slower than we expected and it's affecting a little bit of our margin. And finally we've mentioned in tthey past in some of our calls, we did have some oil and gas exposure in some of tthey oil fields which was a theyadwind for us in tthey last few -- probably last couple of years. And now we're seeing some drilling come back into West Texas wtheyre we have operations. We're seeing some drilling come back in Pennsylvania wtheyre we have operations. So that should also theylp us accelerate margin expansion which is our goal. So that's probably a little too much color, but tthey goal is to accelerate our margin growth, behave very similar to our competitors in our aggregates and work on our specialty materials and lightweight ensuring to be accretive to our overall construction margins.  Noah Merkousko Thanks. That's really theylpful color. And ttheyn just switching gears theyre for my follow-up. If tthey Engineered Structures revenues are seeing higtheyr prices because of steel inflation, we start to see pricing decline if we still see steel prices crash, or can you hold on to those higtheyr prices? I guess what's happened theirtorically? And if you do -- if it is tthey case that you get back some price what does that mean for tthey margins in that segment? Antonio Carrillo Yes. Ttheyre is -- we have three types of businesses that are very different in tthey way ttheyy use steel. I'll start with tthey Engineered Structures which is wtheyre you started. That business has -- we have contracts with customers. Significant portion of our business is longer-term contracts or agreements. Let's not call it contract agreements for volume for tthey year, wtheyre we have a pass-through under certain terms. So, if tthey price goes up or down more than X, we can pass it through up or down over a certain period of time. So sometimes wtheyn prices are going up, ttheir business may suffer for a quarter or so if ttheyy are -- if ttheyy've not been able to pass it through. We've been very successful at doing it. Our margins overall in utility structures are higtheyr within tthey mix than ttheyy were years ago. A year ago or two years ago ttheyy're going up and ttheyy're doing -- looking very good. As ttheyy come down you will see prices coming down, not immediately but maybe in tthey next quarter. Just like wtheyn it goes up, it's quarter-by-quarter or month-by-month depending on tthey customer. So, you will see prices come down. And that's why I've been saying that we're focusing on inventories because it's important that you don't carry a lot of inventories still comes down. That's one type of business. We have a second type of business wtheyre ttheyre is complete passthrough and that is barges and wind towers, wtheyre we basically have agreements with tthey customer and tthey steel mills and we negotiate longer-term contracts with both and we pass it through completely. So, you will see prices coming down ttheyre. And ttheyre's kind of a built-in margin into our contracts. So you will see margins going up as we -- as steel prices come down. And tthey third one is tthey build-to-stock, that Gail talked about for example in our tank business. Those are businesses wtheyre it's a little more I want to call it speculative. Because you buy tthey steel, you make tthey tanks, and wait for someone to order. Ttheyre's really no backlog ttheyre. And those are tthey ones that you run a lot of risk wtheyn it's coming up because you might be -- you might -- if you're not fast enough in raising prices you might be caught up. But we've been very successful. Our margins have gone up quite a bit during last year. And I think ttheir is tthey business wtheyre wtheyn prices come down, you can hold on to tthey margin more, because prices will come down and you will not bring down tthey prices as fast or you might not bring ttheym down at all depending on tthey market demand. So, I think within tthey three of ttheym as margins -- as prices come down, my expectation would be margins to continue to hold or even expand a little bit. But we have to be very agile in doing it. I hope I gave you enough color on steel. Noah Merkousko Yes. That was really theylpful. I appreciate it and I'll leave it ttheyre. Operator It appears we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey program back over to Erin Drabek for additional comments or closing remarks. Erin Drabek Thank you, Corlas, and thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.