Call Start: 08:30 January 1, 0000 9:20 AM ET Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call August 02, 2019, 08:30 ET Company Participants Gail Peck - SVP, Finance & Treasurer Antonio Carrillo - President, CEO & Director Scott Beasley - CFO Conference Call Participants Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group Ian Zaffino - Oppentheyimer Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Stefanos Crist - CJS Securities Blake James - Steptheyns Inc. Justin Bergner - G. Research Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arcosa Inc. Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Bree, and I'll be your conference coordinator today. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey call over to your host, Gail Peck, SVP Finance and Treasurer for Arcosa. Please go atheyad. Gail Peck Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. With me today are Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO; and Scott Beasley, CFO. A question-and-answer session will follow ttheyir prepared remarks. A copy of tthey yesterday's press release and a slide presentation for ttheir morning's call are posted at our website, www.arcosa.com. You can access tthey presentation by going to tthey Events tab under tthey Investors section of tthey website. A replay of today's call will be available for tthey next 2 weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one year on our website. Today's comments and presentation slides contain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. Let me also remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to tthey company's SEC filings including its Form 10-K for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Gail. Good morning, and thank you for joining today's call to discuss Arcosa's second quarter results and our business outlook. We are pleased to report our strong second quarter and first half results, which exceeded our initial financial forecasts and have positioned us to raise our guidance for full year 2019. Tthey overall business climate has remained positive for our 3 business segments, which serve diversified end markets within tthey infrastructure sector. Our business model provides us with significant growth opportunities as well as a resiliency associated with our broad portfolio of products and solutions. Please turn to Slide 4. We had a number of successes in tthey second quarter advancing on both our Stage 1 priorities and ottheyr key operational initiatives. First and foremost, we posted 38% adjusted EBITDA growth on a 23% revenue increase. With all 3 business segments contributing to ttheir strong performance. While ttheyre were some core specific factors, such as wet weattheyr on tthey negative side and increased throughput allowing for additional orders to be produced in Energy Equipment on tthey positive side, on balance our results reflected organic growth, tthey benefit of our December 2018 acquisition of ACG Materials and operating margin improvements in several key areas of tthey business. Based on first half results and our current visibility, as outlined in tthey press release, we are raising our 2019 adjusted EBITDA guidance 7% at tthey midpoint. In tthey second quarter, we completed 2 bolt-on acquisitions that are aligned with our stated objectives. One in tthey aggregate business and one in tthey marine components business. Both transactions are good examples of what we're looking for.  Tthey acquisitions fit well into tthey existing portfolio. Ttheyy bring immediate synergies, while broadening our geographic footprint. Ttheyy add complimentary product lines. Ttheyy reduce tthey overall cyclicality and ttheyy were completed for attractive price. While ttheyse two acquisitions were small, representing an aggregate cash consideration of roughly $23 million, our pipeline remains robust. We expect to complete 1 or more deals between now and tthey end of tthey year, taking advantage of tthey growth platform we can offer smaller producers of aggregate on specialty products. Importantly, we remain disciplined in our M&A approach. We will continue to look for small bolt-on acquisitions, but will also pursue larger opportunities wtheyn available at reasonable prices to advance our long-term strategy. Finally, we continue to work hard on ESG, which is top of mind for Arcosa. We completed an important materiality assessment in tthey second quarter to identify tthey ESG topics that will be integrated into tthey long-term strategy. I will provide additional color on ttheir at tthey end of tthey call. To sum up, we have been actively addressing tthey near-term strategic priorities that we have reiterated in all investor meetings. Namely, growing tthey Construction Products business, improving margins in energy equipment and capitalizing on tthey cyclical recovery in our transportation group. Supporting those operational objectives have been our commitment to operate a lean, flat organization. Please turn to Slide 5. Here we have an overview of second quarter results. As I mentioned earlier, revenues increased 23% company-wide. We also benefit from margin improvement and operating leverage as evidenced by adjusted EBITDA growth of 38% and net income growth of 41%, both significantly outpacing revenue growth. I will now turn tthey call over to Scott Beasley, our CFO, to provide tthey second quarter financial review. Scott? Scott Beasley Thank you, Antonio, and good morning, everyone. Starting on Page 6, I'll walk through tthey second quarter results for each segment, and ttheyn give additional color on our increased guidance. Construction Products performed well, despite challenging weattheyr conditions in Texas, Oklahoma and California. Revenues increased 38% to $115.6 million. Segment EBITDA of $26.5 million was $3.8 million higtheyr than last year. Ttheir segment EBITDA margin of 23% reflects tthey strong geographic and competitive advantages of our Construction Products businesses. As expected, our second quarter margin was lower than last year. Two main factors contributed to tthey decline.  First, as we have discussed on tthey last several calls, while ACG margins are accretive to our overall business, ttheyy are lower than our legacy segment margins. Additionally, ACG's operations in Oklahoma were negatively impacted by theyavy rainfall, which lowered ttheyir margins from theirtorical levels. Second, volumes in our legacy aggregates business were lower as tthey Dallas-Fort Worth market lost a higtheyr number of days to weattheyr than normal. Wtheyn weattheyr has been clear, customers have been purchasing at more normalized levels. So we're confident that tthey fundamentals of tthey market remained strong. Pricing was modestly lower, but volume was tthey bigger driver. In our ottheyr two businesses, specialty lightweight aggregates and Construction Site Support, EBITDA improved slightly in each business, demonstrating tthey strength of our broad-based exposure to infrastructure end markets. Overall, we continue to be pleased with our performance at Construction Products and are actively looking for additional ways to grow tthey business organically and through disciplined acquisitions. Please turn to Slide 7. Energy Equipment had anottheyr very strong quarter of performance, wtheyre our team drove organic revenue growth and operating margin improvements. Revenue increased 15% to $204.3 million from a combination of factors. First, unit volumes were higtheyr in our wind towers business as tthey team did an excellent job ramping up to a higtheyr level of production. Additionally, pricing improved in both our utility structures and storage tank businesses, reflecting theyalthy demand in ttheyse markets. Utility structures has benefited from increased spending on grid hardening and reliability initiatives across North America. Adjusted EBITDA for ttheir segment was $32.3 million, more than doubling from last year's second quarter. Similar to tthey revenue growth in ttheir segment, ttheir was driven by a broad-based margin improvement across wind tariffs, utility structures and storage tanks. Our Energy Equipment team is doing an outstanding job, executing on our Stage 1 priority of improving Energy Equipment margins. Please turn to Slide 8. Moving to transportation, revenue increased 26% to $115.3 million as our barge business continues to ramp up to meet increased tank barge demand. Components revenue was roughly flat as higtheyr unit volumes were offset by lower contractual pricing than 2018. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 14.5% improved sequentially from tthey first quarter's 12.4% number, but were still lower than last year's margin. During tthey quarter, we had $1.3 million of start up expenses from tthey reopening of our Louisiana barge facility. Margin was also hampered by tthey delivery of barges taken in a weak pricing environment and tthey first half of 2018, which should improve in future quarters. Please turn to Slide 9. Given tthey strength of our first half performance and our continued confidence in our second half outlook, we are raising our adjusted EBITDA guidance by $15 million to $230 million to $240 million. Tthey increase in our guidance is tthey result of several factors, including faster-than-expected improvement in our Energy Equipment margins, continued confidence in tthey theyalth of Construction Products markets, including from tthey ACG acquisition, and a barge ramp up that is progressing well, evidenced by our first barge delivery from Adamville last week. Tthey midpoint of our guidance range is 26% above 2018's adjusted EBITDA, and our higtheyr estimate includes a theyalthy mix of organic growth, tthey impact of tthey ACG acquisition and sustained operating margin improvements. Moving to Slide 10. I'll recap a few ottheyr numbers from tthey quarter and discuss our expectations for tthey full year. Capital expenditures were $39 million in tthey first half, and we reiterate our expectation of $70 million to $80 million for tthey year, which is a combination of maintenance CapEx as well as some high-return growth projects to expand capacity at a number of our businesses. We generated $23 million of cash from working capital in tthey first half and expect to be roughly working capital neutral for tthey year. Tthey barge business, in particular, will continue to consume working capital as it ramps up production, but we are working hard to reduce working capital and have incorporated it as an incentive metric for a number of our businesses. Corporate costs were $23.3 million in tthey first half and we continue to expect roughly $50 million for tthey full year. Finally, we've raised our cash tax projection slightly on new hire guidance. Putting those pieces togettheyr, you can see tthey very theyalthy cash generation from our business, likely in excess of $120 million to $130 million ttheir year. As an update on our balanced capital allocation strategy, we paid a dividend of $0.05 per share in tthey quarter and allocated $23 million of capital to tthey growth-focused acquisitions that we discussed. We have $39 million remaining under our $50 million share repurchase program. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Scott. Now I will share with you our outlook on tthey business conditions in our key markets. Starting with Construction Products, please turn to Slide 11. We continue to see strong underlying factors driving growth for tthey Construction Products segment, as tthey private and public sector spending trends are favorable in our markets. While wet weattheyr constrained our first half results, assuming normal weattheyr conditions prevailed, we expect a stronger second half of tthey year for tthey construction segment. Weattheyr conditions through tthey end of tthey second quarter have normalized, and we have seen an increase in volume wtheyn weattheyr has been dry, which suggests continuing strong fundamentals. Pricing is anottheyr sign of market strength. During tthey second quarter, even our volumes dropped due to bad weattheyr, pricing remained at theyalthy levels. As we discussed at tthey time of tthey ACG acquisition, in addition to creeping nicely, tthey business brought along a pipeline of small acquisition candidates that could be bolted on at attractive pricing. We completed one aggregate acquisition during tthey quarter of mid-single-digit EBITDA multiple, and we continued to advance a pipeline of attractively priced deals. So we remain optimistic that we can expand our construction segment to a theyalthy combination of organic and inorganic growth, while maintaining price discipline. Please turn to Slide 12. Moving to Energy Equipment, we continue to make good progress on lean manufacturing initiatives, which have significantly increased our throughput in utility structures business. Bidding activity for utility structures remains theyalthy and we have seen an increase in grid hardening and reliability spending across tthey country. Ttheir improvement in activity should provide our business with increased visibility on projects and allow it to continue building momentum in tthey implementation of tthey lean programs. In addition to organic growth in our traditional product lines, we see opportunities to expand our portfolio of products organically and through acquisitions into markets that require similar core competencies. Shifting to wind towers, we booked $36 million of orders of new orders in tthey quarter and now have 3 different customers in our backlog. Ttheyse new orders are a good reflection of tthey new market dynamic we expect after tthey PTC expires. Smaller, project-driven orders and pricing set by supply/demand factors rattheyr than perks, incentives just like we experience in every ottheyr business. From tthey second half of ttheir year, we will have 2 margin theyadwinds that we did not have in tthey first half. First, pricing on tthey towers we'll produce in tthey second half will be lower. Additionally, we will have a line change over costs related to tthey building of different tower pipes for multiple customers. Togettheyr, ttheyse theyadwinds will likely create 200 to 300 basis points of margin theyadwinds for tthey segment overall, compared to our normalized margin in tthey first half of tthey year. We continue to see strong backlogs in our storage tank business that serves tthey U.S. and Mexico. We see theyalthy demand for replacement in tthey U.S. and continue to actively bid on a number of oil and gas related infrastructure projects in Mexico. Please turn to Slide 13. Our transportation products business continues to be a story of ongoing recovery, and we are pleased to announce tthey delivery of our first barge from our reopened Adamville facility. I'm extremely proud of our team who was able to turn a building which was empty 8 months ago into a vibrant manufacturing plant, which delivered a beautiful barge last week. Ttheir type of fast response to cycle is what makes our team special. On tthey sales side, we booked $32 million of orders during tthey quarter, I now have a backlog of $350 million. Roughly, half of that to be delivered in 2020. As a reminder, we'll receive an exceptionally high number of orders for $203 million in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. While flooding along tthey Mississippi River contributed to a temporary slowdown in orders, since tthey start of tthey third quarter inquiry activity has picked up nicely. We also expect lower steel prices to drive additional dry barge replacement demand. Continued improvement in barge transportation fundamentals, togettheyr with barge replacement cycles should drive additional demand for our products. Also of note, margins on tthey orders we received in tthey quarter are higtheyr than those delivered, setting tthey stage for margin improvement over tthey next several quarters. As for rail components, while our volumes have theyld steady, ttheyre is potential for a slowdown in volumes in tthey fourth quarter if tthey industry backlog for new railcars continues to shrink. We will know more about ttheyse volume trends in tthey coming months. Please turn to Slide 14. As I mentioned earlier, I would like to update you on an important action on tthey way Arcosa progress on our ESG initiatives. As we mentioned last quarter, we have begun tthey process of ensuring that we advanced environmental, social and governance practices across tthey organization. We recently completed tthey first step, a materiality assessment wtheyre we identified a set of ESG initiatives that will be integrated into our closest long-term strategy. Tthey second step of ttheir process is to start measuring performance in several of ttheyse initiatives in order to set a baseline and internal goals. So ttheir is a long-term project we are committed to. But I'm happy to report that we have started tthey process and should be able to build forward momentum. We look forward to discussing our progress on ttheyse initiatives in tthey coming quarters. Please turn to Slide 15. I would like to close with a reminder of tthey long-term plan for Arcosa, which remains unchanged. To grow our business in attractive markets wtheyre we can achieve sustainable competitive advantages, to reduce tthey complexity and cyclicality of tthey entire portfolio, to improve long-term returns on invested capital and to integrate ESG initiatives into our long-term strategy. Tthey second quarter was an excellent example of making progress in each of ttheyse areas towards our long-term goals. We're optimistic about our portfolio, market demand and continued operating improvements. Operator, I would like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Bascome Majors from Susquehanna. Bascome Majors Congratulations on tthey results theyre. Can you guys, first of all, kind of directionally breakdown tthey EBITDA increase to 2019 between how much tthey acquisitions may have added? And what's more organic, based on tthey performance you've had ttheir year? Scott Beasley Sure, Bascome. Ttheir is Scott. So tthey acquisitions really won't have a big impact in 2019. We've talked about $23 million purchase price mid-single-digit, so you're talking about annualized maybe $4 billion to $5 billion of EBITDA contribution, make that a 0.5 year and you're kind of at $2 billion, but in tthey first year we've got integration costs and some ramp-up costs. So really not much from tthey acquisitions ttheir year. Tthey primary increase was both our outperformance in tthey second quarter and some continued confidence in tthey second half from wtheyre we were a quarter ago. Bascome Majors That's great news. On tthey share repurchase plan, you weren't particularly active in tthey second quarter. Can you talk a little bit about that as a use of capital as you look out versus tthey big M&A opportunities that you talked about earlier? Scott Beasley Sure. Sure. So we've talked about our balanced capital allocation strategy across organic opportunities, acquisitions and return of capital to shareholders. And so if you look in tthey first half of tthey year, we spent about $40 million on CapEx, tthey $23 million on acquisitions and ttheyn for return of capital to shareholders paid $5 million in dividends and ttheyn repurchased about $11 million since tthey authorization of tthey program in December. So I think we'll continue to try to be balanced. We're really excited ttheir quarter to have been able to deploy capital into tthey growth acquisitions. But we still have $39 million in tthey share repurchase program and we'll deploy that wtheyn it makes sense. Bascome Majors Okay. And as we look forward, I mean you gave a lot of comments from tthey second half, you talked a little bit about tthey barge backlog and sequential improvement and tthey profitability of that business as tthey ramp completes and better pricing rolls through. Any high-level thoughts you can give us on tthey business as you get out of ttheir year and into next year? You mentioned some potential theyadwinds in rail related to what's tthey declining backlog in tthey industry ttheyre for railcars. But anything else that we should think about kind of puts or takes directionally as we think about your business transitioning into next year? Antonio Carrillo Sure. Ttheir is Antonio, Bascom. So let me give you some thoughts. I mentioned that about half of tthey backlog we have in barges will be delivered in 2020, and we had a slower order ttheir quarter in barges than tthey first quarter. Tthey first quarter was incredibly high but -- and ttheir quarter was very complicated for customers. Tthey river system was flooded, and ttheyy were basically trying to keep ttheyir business going with all those variables moving around ttheym. Since tthey end of tthey quarter, I mentioned we continued to see good inquiries for barges, both on tthey liquid and tthey dry side, more on tthey liquid side.  So we are -- and if you look at tthey barge replacement cycle, both on tthey dry side and tthey liquid side, ttheyre is -- on tthey liquid side about 25% of tthey barges in tthey fleet are over 20 years old, and we've seen a trend in barges being built -- being, let's say, replaced with shorter periods. So some of tthey larger companies are replacing ttheyir barges at 20 years, rattheyr than 30 years. So you see tthey fleet, ttheyre is, I think, a very, very good indication that tthey demand for tank barges is going to be good over tthey next few years. On tthey dry cargo side, of course, we know tthey decline in coal, but also tthey fleet size and tthey fleet replacement cycle seems to be a good indicator that ttheyre is going to be -- we should expect some additional demand in tthey future. Also steel prices, I mentioned, should theylp that demand come through as steel prices peaked a few months ago, close to $1,000, now ttheyy're close to $700.  So ttheyre's, I think, good economic factors that should also theylp drive tthey demand for barges. On tthey rail component side, our -- let me just continue on tthey barge, also tthey dynamics in tthey fundamentals of tthey shipping industry in tthey barge, rates have become better. Tthey river system is becoming more efficient as tthey water recedes. So things are looking better. On tthey component side, I mentioned tthey battles for tthey rail OEMs have continued to go down. So as those volumes come down, we'll know more in tthey next few months. Volumes could be -- for our components could be lower. I think tthey pricing we already -- are having some impact ttheir year and we'll see depending on how those volumes look, how pricing look for tthey following years. But overall, we're happy with tthey way tthey ramp up is going on our barge -- in our barge group. We've been able to get tthey people, we launctheyd our first barge. We are really optimistic of how things are going. Bascome Majors And could you give us some high-level thoughts on energy? I mean you had a very good margin outcome in tthey first half of tthey year, but we're pretty transparent that, that won't be sustainable as you make some changeovers and get into tougtheyr price backlog in tthey second half. Any high-level thoughts on tthey trend in tthey energy business overall as we get into 2020? Antonio Carrillo Sure. In my first quarter conference call, I mentioned that tthey lean implementation have increased our throughput significantly. And one of tthey reasons we thought we were going to have a lower margin in tthey second quarter was -- tthey increased throughput had created some holes in our production sctheydules in second quarter. So we went out into tthey bid market. As I mentioned, also ttheyre is -- ttheyre has been a very good bidding activity in tthey transmission business, so we were able to fill those holes with good margin orders, and our team has done an incredible job in working through tthey throughput and those orders. So we were very happy with what's going on in our transmission business. Tthey theyadwind comes really on tthey wind tower side. In tthey second half of tthey year, we have some lower pricing coming through our business, and we also sold some additional orders, which are good orders, relatively good margins, but lower margins than tthey average we have.  As I mentioned, we believe that's going to be tthey market of tthey future in terms of smaller orders and we have to become good at it. So tthey second half is going to be kind of our entry into tthey ttheir new market. And it's counterintuitive because we are going into 2020 and -- a strong 2019 to strong 2020 in terms of orders, tthey wind industry is going install a record amount in 2020. And I'm lowering my forecast for margins. And that's tthey reason we launctheyd our antidumping case a few weeks ago against several countries, Canada, Vietnam, Korea, because we believe in fair trade, but we believe in fair competition and that's why, I think, a lot of tthey margins in tthey future will depend on not only tthey demand factor, which seems to be better, if you look at all tthey forecast in tthey wind industry ttheyy are getting better. But we also need to have a fair competition from tthey supplier side. So that's one of tthey things that we are going to be watching how tthey ITC and tthey Commerce Department response to our antidumping case. Bascome Majors Okay. Last one, is tthey revenue split between wind towers and utility still fairly even? Or has that started to break in one way or tthey ottheyr? Scott Beasley Sure. Ttheir is Scott. Yes. It's still roughly even, yes. Depends a bit on tthey quarter, but still about tthey same size. Operator And our next question will come from Ian Zaffino with Oppentheyimer. Ian Zaffino Great quarter. A question would be on tthey barge side tthey pricing, what's tthey actual real pricing that you're seeing over material costs? Scott Beasley Sure. Ttheir is Scott. So we're -- we don't disclose direct gross margin. I'd say if you look at tthey theirtory of tthey barge business, peak cycle EBITDA margins were roughly in tthey 20% range if you look at tthey bottom of tthey cycle, tthey past few years, ttheyy were kind of high single-digits, 5% to 7%. So we would expect to see in tthey third, fourth quarter and ttheyn into next year, EBITDA margins come off of that bottom, back up towards higtheyr margins, still not at a peak yet. Peak margins occurred wtheyn tthey business was doing probably $650 million of revenue, with all tthey plants very full. We're not even back close to a peak-type level. So you're talking about coming off tthey lower margins theyaded towards a higtheyr one but still not ttheyre. Ian Zaffino Okay. And ttheyn on tthey dry side, is ttheyre a particular price level for steel wtheyre tthey customers will kind of hit tthey bid? And also maybe give us an idea of what tthey sensitivity is of every $100 per ton change. What is that change kind of tthey selling price of tthey barge? I'm trying to understand what tthey impact would be to tthey customer as ttheyy decide wtheyttheyr or not to purchase a new barge? Antonio Carrillo Ian, ttheir is Antonio. I think it's a combination of 2 things. Like every customer is -- it makes -- ttheyir numbers and tthey combination is both tthey rates and tthey cost of tthey barge and make a decent return on ttheyir investment. If you look at tthey rates, ttheyy have been very, very low, and ttheyy've been coming up. So it's a combination of tthey cost of tthey barge and tthey rates. And that's why I said, I think tthey fundamentals are moving in tthey right direction, both of ttheym. And it will depend also on type of commodity ttheyy are moving. I will tell you that tthey steel price, wtheyre it is right now, it's -- I would consider a good-level steel pricing, if you look at tthey theirtory for plate. So -- and we've seen inquiries pick up in tthey dry side. If you look at tthey amount of barges that need to be replaced. Ttheyre are very high number of barges. If you just make tthey numbers on our production for -- just our closest production for tthey last 20 years, we produced probably an average 400 barges a year. Over tthey last 3 years, we haven't produced a 100. So also, it's -- ttheir year we're producing very few barges. So I think ttheyre is a good case for both sides. On one, fundamentally embedded, on tthey ottheyr side, at some point, someone is to replace ttheyir barges. Ian Zaffino Okay. And ttheyn one final question. Scott, how much should ACG add in tthey quarter? Scott Beasley So we combine that with our legacy businesses, I'd say. We said, ACG performed roughly in line with our expectations minus a delta for weattheyr. So if you look kind of theirtorical $32 million of EBITDA that ttheyy did wtheyn we bought ttheym, roughly in line with that by quarter minus some weattheyr. Operator Our next question will come from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Brent Thielman Great quarter. On tthey energy business, I want to ask about tthey pickup and kind of grid hardening, fire restoration activity, I guess. And wtheyttheyr or not that's driving a pickup in pricing in that business. Are you seeing more appealing bid margins, I guess. Are you factoring in some offset to tthey, obviously, tthey issues in tthey wind business from that? Antonio Carrillo Yes. Brent, ttheir is Antonio. And as I said in tthey second half, wtheyre tthey theyadwinds we see are really on tthey wind tower side. If you look at tthey numbers and tthey results for transmission business, ttheyy're doing really well. As Scott mentioned in their remarks, ttheyy're exceeding our expectation for margin improvement that we had last year. Last year, ttheir was a business that was severely underperforming our competitors, and now it's doing much better. We are seeing some increase in tthey grid, both from our traditional customers, but also from tthey bid market, which is wtheyre we have not been playing. So if you look at one of tthey issues we had in tthey past, we were basically concentrated on our traditional customers, we were not playing in tthey market and we were kind of full. As we've increased our throughput, we become more active in -- with new customers, we become more active in tthey bid market and we see opportunities, as I mentioned, to expand our product line. So I think it's a combination of a good market and tthey dynamics of tthey lean implementation we're doing. And tthey team that we put togettheyr, that's doing a great job. Brent Thielman Okay. And ttheyn on tthey construction business. We often theyar from tthey ottheyr public participants about sort of tthey traditional aggregates market. I'd love to get your views in terms of varying demand pieces on tthey specialty business, what you're seeing ttheyre? And I guess if you can comment on just pricing in general within tthey business. Antonio Carrillo Yes. So overall I think we share tthey view of tthey ottheyr participants that tthey residential market building continues to be strong, tthey nonresidential continues to be particularly strong. We have a disadvantage that we are more concentrated in certain markets, and were probably tthey hardest hit in terms of weattheyr because we have so much of our assets theyre in Texas and Oklahoma. But at tthey same time, we're also fortunate that we are in a strong market, ttheir Texas market continues to see strength. We -- both in terms of public and private spending, but also we have a great position theyre. And we -- I said in my remarks, as soon as tthey dry weattheyr came back, we continue to see strong volumes.  On tthey specialty side, we're really happy to -- what we're seeing in ACG. Scott mentioned, we had weattheyr impacts, yes, that was from our traditional aggregates business. But also ttheyre is some -- on tthey specialty products, we have some plasters and some specialty things coming from our gypsum plants that have done extremely well. We're expanding capacity in ACG, we're doing quite -- CapEx going on into ACG going forward both in our Western facilities and also in Oklahoma to expand because we are running at capacity some of our plants. Probably tthey only side that we've seen some volatility in tthey energy sector, we have some exposure to tthey Permian and to tthey Oklahoma basin in terms of energy, that's a little more volatile. But for tthey rest, we see strength in all of our markets. Brent Thielman It sounds fairly balanced. It's good. I guess my last question. Obviously, you've done a couple of transactions ttheir year, maybe if you could just talk little more broadly about tthey M&A pipeline? Is it still your expectation focused on maybe sort of smaller bolt-on transactions or anything potentially larger in that pipeline? Antonio Carrillo Yes. So yes, we have quite a bit of smaller transactions coming in through our pipeline, and we are disciplined about how we approach ttheym. We are looking at it, some of ttheym fit better than ottheyrs, and as I've said before, M&A has its own, once you started with it, it takes a life of its own, each one of tthey transactions, it's unique. But we are also looking at some larger transactions. We've looked at some in tthey last few quarters. We've been disciplined of our pricing. We're not going to be paying absurd multiples. If you remember, one of our long-term strategy is to increase our return in invested capital. So it's a balance of what's available and what we can buy. We do believe that because of our size still, we can still access some of tthey smaller acquisitions that move our needle. But ttheyre is some potential larger acquisitions, more specifically, in tthey Specialty Materials side. Yes. And just to finish up. I also mentioned opportunities on tthey energy side on expanding our product line, so that's anottheyr area we're looking. Those are tthey 2 big focus areas, construction and tthey transmission expanding our product line. Operator Our next question will come from Stefanos Crist with CJS Securities. Stefanos Crist Congrats on tthey quarter. I want to focus on tthey third barge plant opening up last week. Do you have a timeline, an expectation for wtheyn that should be margin accretive to tthey segment? Antonio Carrillo Yes. So we launctheyd tthey first barge last Thursday. Ttheyre's 2 barges behind it. We expect it to start becoming accretive probably in tthey fourth quarter. Stefanos Crist Okay, great. And how does ttheir affect capacity? You have a ballpark range down to third client? Antonio Carrillo Sure. So capacity for barge fabrication. As you know, one of tthey big competitor shut down last year. So that's why it was important to have ttheir capacity available to be able to show tthey customers. Capacity for building barges is driven by 2 things, of course, tthey facilities, but also labor. And I think our capacity at tthey moment, even though we're open, we have tthey third facility open. We still have capacity and we've been able to hire people. Labor has not been a big issue for us. We've been able to hire tthey amount of people we need. So we have, I would say, as Scott mentioned, we are focusing right now, mainly on tank barges, that's what we're building, a few hopper barges. But ttheyre is still significant amount of capacity that we could increase if needed. What's nice about our position at tthey moment based on tthey mix we have is that each one of tthey 3 facilities we have is being set up to fabricate tthey barges that ttheyy are very good at making. So we won't be able to -- we won't have to be making different types of barges in each facility. So tthey setup is nice and tthey capacity can be expanded relatively easy. Stefanos Crist All right. And just one more quick one. Can you talk about cash flow in tthey second half. It was very strong in tthey first half. Maybe quarter-by-quarter? Scott Beasley Sure. Stefanos, ttheir is Scott. So we generated about $75 million of working capital in tthey first quarter, and ttheyn used a portion of that, about $50 million in tthey second quarter. Particularly in tthey barge businesses, we ramp up and build inventory in tthey third plant. So we've said, we'd expect to use a portion of that working capital and end up kind of roughly working capital neutral for tthey year. So you take kind of working capital neutral, and our EBITDA, we've talked about our CapEx and our cash taxes. We should have very theyalthy free cash flow for tthey full year and that includes tthey second half. Operator Our next question will come from Blake Hirschman with Steptheyns. Blake James I'm not sure some of ttheyse might have already been asked, so I'll go atheyad and apologize atheyad of time. But on tthey Barges piece, I think tthey previous expectation was that tthey revenue ttheyre would kind of ramp sequentially throughout tthey year with a more impactful move kind of from 2Q to 3Q versus what was expected at least at tthey time from 1Q to 2Q. Is that still a fair way to count your outlook? Scott Beasley Correctly. Tthey revenue ramp most significantly from 2 to 3 because now we have tthey third plant opening, should ramp a bit from 3 to 4, but tthey bigger step will be 2 to 3. Margin though, as we said, tthey third plant will still be kind of EBITDA neutral and Q3 won't be as accretive until Q4. So you may see a bigger margin bump in Q4. Blake James Got it. And I know a lot of ttheyse point in time, backlog book-to-bill, that kind of things can move around a lot quarter-to-quarter, but it looks like backlog and barges slid a little bit quarter-over-quarter for tthey first time. And over a year, book-to-bill was a little choppy and new awards were a little bit slow. So kind of with all that put togettheyr, I mean, is ttheir mainly due to weattheyr? Is it timing-related stuff? Distractions with tthey new capacity adds? Just trying to kind of connect tthey dots with tthey early cycle outlook? And kind of what ttheyse metrics are saying, at least as of right now? Antonio Carrillo Yes. If you look theirtorically, tthey way tthey orders are, ttheyy're normally choppy. So it's -- and we had an incredibly high number of orders in tthey first quarter. And ttheyse things, ttheyse barges, especially, tthey tank barges are a complicated piece of equipment. So ttheyre are negotiations, and ttheyre's design issues. And so it takes time. Every order takes time to be processed through. I also mentioned that river system will have been very complex during ttheyse last few quarters, in terms of flooding, et cetera, so customers were focused on just running tthey business. I mentioned since tthey close of tthey second quarter, we have seen activity, let's say, pick up in terms of bidding. Wtheyn you sit down with our sales team, I think ttheyy are pretty confident with what ttheyy are seeing in tthey market in terms of orders out ttheyre and tthey inquiry. So I would say it's a normal market. And we still have $160 million in place for a backlog for 2020. So about half of our backlog is to be delivered in 2020. Blake James Got it. Makes sense. And lastly for me, just a quick clarification on tthey back half margin theyadwind commentary. I think you said it was 200 to 300 bps or so. Part A being, is that year-over-year? Or is that a theyadwind first half versus second half? And Part B being, was that across tthey whole energy segment? Or was that specific to like wind towers or one of tthey pieces within? Scott Beasley Sure. Ttheir is Scott, Blake. Tthey 200 to 300 basis points is really of tthey normalized first half. So we had tthey bad debt recovery in tthey first half that made it a little higtheyr than it would have been ottheyrwise. And we said, it's kind of 200 to 300 of tthey normalization. That's still a good improvement from last year's full year average. If you remember, last year's EBITDA margin in ttheir segment was about 10%. And so even with tthey theyadwind of lower pricing and inefficiencies in tthey second half, we still expect tthey second half to be better than last year's average. Your second question about wtheyre is that theyadwind coming from? It is primarily tthey wind towers. Tthey ottheyr businesses seem strong. Tthey markets are strong. Our operational improvement initiatives are going well. So tthey primary theyadwind should be in wind towers, although I'll still say it's a good improvement from last year. Operator Our next question will come from Justin Bergner with G. Research. Justin Bergner A couple of questions theyre. First off, for tthey energy margins, I guess, coming out of tthey first quarter, you said that you expected ttheym to be modestly better than tthey 10% from last year in tthey second quarter to tthey fourth quarter. Obviously, you did something in tthey order of 15% in tthey second quarter and are guiding something in tthey 12% to 13% range for tthey second half. So I was wondering if all of tthey strength was being driven by ttheir bid activity? I guess, it seems like kind of more of a spot market for you? Or if ttheyre are ottheyr factors as well that are contributing to that step up? Antonio Carrillo I think it is a -- sometimes ttheyse calls and everything is -- ttheyy're sure to talk about things we're doing, but it's a combination, I would say, of 4 things. So let me start with wind towers. Wind towers, even though tthey market environment is uncertain and we have inputs, et cetera, all those things I already mentioned. Tthey team is doing an incredible job and ttheyy have a very mature lean system, but ttheyy've been just simply outstanding in tthey way ttheyy have been performing. Every one of our plant is doing an incredible job in throughput, in cost reductions, in running ttheyir business and that's why I'm very certain that in normal conditions, we can go theyad-to-theyad with any company in tthey world and be tthey best-in-class in wind towers. So very happy with what's going on ttheyre. On tthey transmission side, I mentioned already tthey throughput is increasing and that's allowing us to penetrate markets we were not playing at. So it's a combination of volume and new markets. And ttheyn we have 2 businesses we don't talk much about, which is tthey power business, both in tthey U.S. and Mexico. I think part of tthey margins are coming from almost turnaround type businesses as our Mexico business was losing money last year. It's making money ttheir year and every quarter is looking better. Ttheyy are doing a great job. Ttheyy are cutting costs. Ttheyy are increasing ttheyir production. Ttheyy are focusing on ttheyir market. And tthey tank business in tthey U.S. is also theyalthy and ttheyy're doing a very nice job. So I would say tthey 4 businesses that we have in ttheir segment are doing really well. Tthey margin theyadwind we see in tthey second half is really coming from tthey wind towers, as I mentioned, because of pricing and some of tthey learning curve we're going to go through as we build towers for 3 customers. Justin Bergner That's very theylpful. Shifting to tthey barge business, two quick ones ttheyre. Why are barges beginning to be replaced sooner? And was tthey pricing on tthey orders, did that step up occur in tthey second quarter? Or did you enjoy that as well in tthey first quarter wtheyn you had tthey large amount of orders? Antonio Carrillo We've been -- with tthey gradually rising prices, we have seen demand going up. So we started since early in tthey year and we've been little by little gaining momentum on that. On tthey tank barges that I mentioned, ttheyy're being replaced shorter times. Ttheyse are some of tthey larger companies we have been dealing with, barges are very different than rail or some ottheyr pro tanks, let's say, wtheyre you keep oil. Wtheyn you have oil being -- oil or ottheyr ctheymicals being moved through tthey river, if ttheyre's a spill or something, ttheyre's a bigger environmental impact. And we are seeing from some of our customers a significant focus on safety and improvements being made on tthey barge design to increase safety, increase tthey amount of safety features to avoid leakage, et cetera. And I think that's one of tthey drivers that's happening in tthey tank barge. Wtheyn you see tthey river system like you saw it in tthey first half with all tthey flooding and you see some of tthey videos of tthey barge sometimes getting lose, et cetera, you need a very, very robust safety -- safe barge to handle liquids. So I think that's one of tthey biggest things happening. Justin Bergner Okay. That's theylpful. So I assume ttheyy need to make tthey safety upgrades. Ttheyy replace tthey barge rattheyr than try and refurbish it for tthey most part. Antonio Carrillo Yes. Those are tthey, let's say, anecdotally, tthey comments we're getting from our customers. Justin Bergner Okay. Lastly, I just want to clarify 1 or 2 numbers. You mentioned tthey start-up costs in tthey barge facility in tthey second quarter. I think that came at me a bit fast. And ttheyn tthey line change for tthey wind towers, is ttheyre sort of a dollar amount that that's going to be a theyadwind for tthey second half? Scott Beasley Sure. Ttheir is Scott. So tthey second quarter ramp-up costs in Adamville we said were $1.3 million. Those have kind of lessened over time, even though we're producing revenue ttheyre by shipping barges. Ttheyre's still lower margin as we're ramping up tthey learning curve. So that's tthey barge facility. On tthey wind tower margin theyadwind, we didn't break out tthey combination of tthey pricing, any inefficiencies, but said total would be about 200 to 300 basis points of tthey margin theyadwind. Justin Bergner Okay. Great. And ttheyn tthey bad debt recovery of $3 million that's in your $230 million to $240 million now, tthey one -- tthey bad debt in tthey first quarter. Scott Beasley Correct. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time, so I'll turn it back to Gail Peck for closing remarks. Gail Peck Thank you, Bree. Thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.