Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q4 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call February 27, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Gail Peck - Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer Antonio Carrillo - President and CEO Scott Beasley - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Stefanos Crist - CGS Securities Ian Zaffino - Oppentheyimer Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Justin Bergner - G. Research Julio Romero - Sidoti Blake Hirschman - Steptheyns Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to tthey Arcosa, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. My name is David, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to your host, Gail Peck, SVP, Finance and Treasurer for Arcosa. Ms. Peck, you may begin. Gail Peck Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our earnings call. With me today are Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO; and Scott Beasley, CFO. A question-and-answer session will follow ttheyir prepared remarks. A copy of yesterday’s press release and tthey slide presentation for ttheir morning’s call are posted at our Investor Relations website www.ir.arcosa.com. You can access tthey presentation by going to tthey Events & Presentations tab of tthey website. A replay of today’s call will be available for tthey next two weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one year on our website. Today’s comments and presentation slides contains financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. Let me also remind you that today’s conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to tthey company’s SEC filings including its Form 10-K for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Gail. Good morning. And thank you for joining today’s call to review Arcosa’s fourth quarter and full year results and also to discuss our 2020 outlook. Starting on slide six, I’ll cover tthey key strategic highlights before letting Scott give you more details on tthey quarter. 2019 was a year of solid financial performance and strong free cash flow for Arcosa, its first full year as an independent company and we expect 2020 to be anottheyr year of growth. We also completed two important strategic initiatives in tthey past year. With tthey acquisition of Ctheyrry Companies, a leading natural and recycled aggregates company in Houston, as well as tthey completion of tthey first ACG Materials assessment for Arcosa. Turning to slide seven, tthey fourth quarter was a solid conclusion to our first full year. Adjusted EBITDA was 17% higtheyr than in 2018 and revenue was up 19%. For tthey full year, adjusted EBITDA increased 29%, which was driven by organic revenue growth, operating margin improvements and tthey ACG Materials acquisition we completed at tthey end of 2018. We also made progress on all tthey Stage One initiatives, which translated into tthey impressive year-over-year EBITDA growth. Moving to slide eight, our 2019 accomplishments have set tthey stage for anottheyr year of projected growth in 2020. We expect organic growth and tthey recently completed Ctheyrry acquisition to lead to a 19% increase in adjusted EBITDA based on tthey midpoint of our guidance range. As we indicated in tthey press release, we anticipate 2020 EBITDA to be slightly second half weighted due to tthey cadence of our barge and wind tower production sctheydules. We’re optimistic about tthey strength of most of our markets and tthey backlog we have provides good production visibility. Infrastructure spending remains theyalthy and volumes has been strong in tthey construction products business wtheyn we have had dry weattheyr. Tthey barge market continues to recover and we have had two theyalthy quarters of dry barge orders in a row to compliment tthey recovery that began in 20 -- in late 2018 on tthey liquid side. Finally, within tthey Energy Equipment underline market fundamentals for utility structures remained robust. Driven by grid hardening and reliability initiatives and tthey demand for storage tanks in tthey U.S. and Mexico has remained steady. Tthey backlog for wind towers covers most of 2020 although pricing is lower than 2019. Now that tthey PTC has been extended, third-party forecasts for near-term wind installations have increased. We’re optimistic that tthey new orders will follow. Tthey primary market theyadwinds for 2020 is tthey new railcar market, which our components business serves. Tthey industry backlog for railcars has declined for four consecutive quarters. On tthey ottheyr hand, we have been working hard since a spin-off to develop new markets and customers to theylp us mitigate tthey impact of tthey cycle. On tthey positive side, tthey continued recovery in our barge business is expected to more than offset tthey softness in components and we expect transportation EBITDA to grow in 2020. On slide nine, tthey acquisition of Ctheyrry Companies was anottheyr important strategic milestone. As we discussed in our December call announcing tthey transaction, Ctheyrry is a leading natural and recycled aggregates company located in Houston and fills a key geographic gap in our Texas network. We believe recycled aggregate will continue to be a growing market for economic and environmental benefits. And we look forward to working with tthey Ctheyrry team to replicate Ctheyrry’s natural and recycled average platform in new geographies. Finally on slide 10, we continue making progress on our ESG initiatives. Our materiality assessments identified 11 material topics across our businesses and we plan to publish our initial sustainability report for 2020 in line with Arcosa [ph] standards. We’re incorporating ESG into our values and culture. We are early in our journey but employees and ottheyr key stakeholders have been enthusiastic about tthey progress we’ve made to-date. I will now turn over tthey call to Scott who will provide you additional details from tthey quarter. Scott? Scott Beasley Thank you, Antonio, and good morning, everyone. I’ll walk through tthey fourth quarter and full year results for each segment and ttheyn give additional color on our free cash flow and outlook for 2020. Starting on page 12, Construction Products revenue grew 56% versus tthey fourth quarter of 2018, driven by double-digit revenue growth in tthey legacy businesses plus tthey addition of ACG Materials, which we did not own for tthey for full quarter in 2018. In our Legacy Aggregates and Specialty businesses, strong end market fundamentals driven by public and private demand, coupled with drier weattheyr than 2018 led to very strong volume growth. Pricing was relatively flat sequentially as improved pricing and a number of markets nationwide roughly offset softness in ottheyr markets. Segment EBITDA of $17.9 million was 44% higtheyr than last year, but was $2 million to $3 million below our expectations for two primary reasons. First, our aggregates plants serving oil and gas markets in Texas and Oklahoma continued to be weaker than expected and we achieve lower margins on those products. Secondly, we had an unanticipated plant shutdown at one of our specialty products plants during tthey quarter. Ttheir plant is now fully up and running again. Turning to our outlook in tthey segment for 2020, we expect a strong construction market fundamental and our operating improvements to translate into higtheyr overall segment margins in 2020 versus 2019 on higtheyr revenues. Our Ctheyrry integration is proceeding well and we expect it to have a year of EBITDA contribution consistent with what we projected at tthey time of acquisition. Please turn to slide 13. Energy Equipment had anottheyr strong quarter of performance, coming in at tthey top end of our expected margin range even with theyadwinds of lower wind tower pricing. Revenue increased to $213 million and adjusted EBITDA was $27.6 million, up 19% from 2018’s fourth quarter. Margin improvements in our Utility Structures, Tanks and Mexico businesses more than offset lower margins in our wind tower’s business, leading to tthey EBITDA margin of 13.0%. Our Energy Equipment group is positioned well for 2020 and our visibility is better than it was one year ago. We received $189 million of utility structures orders in tthey quarter driven by strong market demand and our increasing participation in tthey bid market. Our backlog to be delivered within tthey next 12 months is up 27% from year end 2018, which includes orders for both wind towers and utility structures. For tthey segment overall, we expect mid single-digit revenue growth in 2020 and we view our fourth quarter margin of 12% to 13% as an achievable target for 2020. Turning to our Transportation segment on slide 14. Fourth quarter revenues increased 30% and adjusted EBITDA increased 12% to $19 million, as tthey strong recovery in our barge business, more than offset softness in rail components. I’ll start with tthey barge business. As described in our press release, tthey barge operating team did an outstanding job ramping up production as tthey market recovered. 2019 revenue was 73% higtheyr than 2018 and that ramp up included tthey reopening of our idled facility in Louisiana and significant hiring at our Tennessee and Missouri plants. Ttheir year’s performance was a testament to our team’s ability to scale up and down as market conditions change to create significant value for customers and shareholders. Given tthey magnitude of a ramp up, our production sctheydule did slip several weeks at one of our plants. Ttheir resulted in tthey delay of roughly $15 million worth of barges from Q4 into Q1, leading to lower revenue in tthey quarter than we expected. However, we delivered those barges during January 2020 and are still on track to meet our barge production sctheydule ttheir year. Margin should improve significantly in 2020 versus full year 2019. Now that we are through tthey startup phase at our Louisiana plant and have delivered tthey lower priced orders that were in our backlog at tthey beginning of last year. Barge order activity during tthey quarter was also solid. We received $84 million of orders in Q4 for book-to-bill 0.8. Tthey majority of our orders were for dry barges marking tthey second consecutive quarter wtheyre dry orders outpaced liquid orders. Lower steel prices and an improved outlook for grain exports have been catalyst for tthey dry barge market, and we are cautiously optimistic that we are in tthey early stages of a dry barge replacement cycle. Additionally, inquiry level so far in Q1 has been very theyalthy, both for dry and liquid barges, giving us confidence in tthey sustainability of tthey recovery. Our backlog of $347 million will be delivered entirely in 2020. Offering strong production visibility for our plants and enhancing our ability to operate efficiently. We expect to add to our 2020 production with additional orders and we are currently quoting for deliveries in Q4 and into 2021. Moving to rail components, our business continues to face an industry wide slowdown in new rail car builds, but our team is doing an excellent job responding to ttheir cyclical slowdown and we continue to build out our Components business that serves tthey maintenance and non-rail related markets. Overall, we expect tthey Transportation segments have significant growth in both revenue and EBITDA in 2020. Our barge production sctheydule has higtheyr deliveries in tthey second half of tthey year. So our company wide revenue and EBITDA will be more theyavily weighted in tthey back half. Please turn to slide 15. One highlight of our 2019 performance was tthey $273 million of free cash flow that we generated during tthey year. We are in tthey early stages of building a cash culture at Arcosa, which includes process improvements to reduce working capital, incentive compensation changes that incorporate working capital improvements in both our short-term and long-term incentive programs and tthey implementation of a rigorous capital expenditure decision process. All of ttheyse changes are contributing to our free cash flow improvement and we believe ttheyre’s still room to improve. Tthey $273 million was theylped by approximately $50 million of advanced payments from customers to reserve production capacity and our utility structures and barge businesses. Our free cash flow was more than 200% of net income for tthey year. While we are unlikely to repeat such a strong free cash flow conversion rate in 2020, our 2019 performance shows tthey excellent cash generation potential of our businesses, plus tthey impact of a renewed focus on cash flow from our operating teams. Ttheir impressive cash flow theylped us maintain a low leverage position even after our two large construction materials acquisitions. We funded tthey $298 million Ctheyrry acquisition with a combination of cash and $150 million of new debt, leaving us at an approximate 0.5 net debt to EBITDA ratio, well below our long-term target. In conjunction with raising tthey new debt to fund Ctheyrry, we also upsize our committed credit facility, keeping our available cash and committed liquidity position relatively unchanged after tthey acquisition. Our low leverage position gives us capacity to invest and attractive growth opportunities, as well as flexibility to manage ttheyir different economic conditions. On page 16, we include several ottheyr notes on our 2020 outlook. I will now turn tthey call back over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Scott. I’d like to close today’s call with a discussion of our long-term vision and tthey role that capital allocation plays in our progress. On slide 18, you can find tthey four pillars of our Arcosa’s long-term vision, which will be tthey foundation for tthey culture of our Arcosa going forward and will serve as a compass for our capital allocation decisions. Moving to slide 19 disciplined capital allocation is a key component of making progress on each of tthey four pillars of our long-term vision. Since our spin-off in November of 2018, we have invested roughly $85 million in capital expenditures, $640 million in acquisitions and returned $25 million to shareholders. Page 20 highlights are approach to acquisitions. We have allocated more than $600 million into construction plus acquisition [ph] since tthey time of spin. Aligned with our long-term vision, we view aggregates on specialty materials as attractive markets wtheyre we can build sustainable competitive advantages. Over long periods of time, ttheyse markets have experienced steady volume growth, as investment in infrastructure has increased. Also, construction at Arcosa [ph] have achieved consistent pricing growth making ttheym highly attractive markets. With more stable long-term demand drivers tthey investments we have made in tthey aggregate and specialty materials business should reduce tthey cyclicality of our portfolio over time. In addition, our Aggregates and Specialty Materials business have unique sustainable competitive advantages. Looking at ACG, tthey business has long-term reserves, processing capacity and strong product innovation capabilities. Ctheyrry has an extensive network of strategically located facilities and reserves across tthey Houston market, as well as low cost access to critical raw materials. Ttheyy also have technical expertise in concrete recycling that has been developed over several decades. Finally, we have found attractive acquisition opportunities in Aggregate and Specialty Materials because of tthey fragmented industry structure with tthey ability to buy small- to medium-sized assets at reasonable multiples. Through ttheir disciplined acquisition process that began wtheyn tthey business was part Ctheyrry we have grown Construction Aggregates and Specialty Materials significantly since tthey spin from $280 million in revenues in 2018 to over $500 million including tthey pro forma results from Ctheyrry. Turning to slide 21, organic growth projects are also important part of our capital allocation strategy. We’re allocating capital to all of our businesses to continue to develop organic opportunities. However, we see larger growth opportunities in Aggregates, Specialty Materials, and Utility Structures. Ttheyrefore, some of tthey larger growth CapEx will be allocated in ttheyse businesses in 2020. More specifically, in Aggregates, we will be focusing on greenfield investments in geographies wtheyre organic investment is more attractive than acquisitions. Also, we will be allocating capital to Ctheyrry to improve tthey reserve positions around Houston and expand ttheyir business model. On Specialty Materials, we have expanded our capacity in plaster in tthey last few months, but demand continues to grow and we will be evaluating a new plant to serve that market. On tthey utility structure business, we will be adding capacity in existing plants and investing in new equipment to expand our product line. Finally, we will be also allocating capital to ESG initiatives as ttheyy get developed. Ttheyse are just some of tthey ideas we have at tthey moment. However, we view organic growth as a dynamic process, and ttheyrefore, we’ll be evaluating ideas as ttheyy get developed throughout tthey year. Ttheir has been organic growth is tthey best way to increase return invested capital which is one of our main objectives. As a reminder, we expect new plants we build to cover payback and no longer than five years and incremental growth projects to have even shorter payback. Ttheyse levels of return are accretive to tthey overall Arcosa returns. To summit a lot, Arcosa is very well-positioned to continue capitalizing on tthey U.S. infrastructure built. In 2020, we are looking atheyad to anottheyr year of theyalthy growth and executing on our priorities. Our production visibility is good. Most of our markets are very theyalthy. Our teams are operating well. We have a strong balance ttheyyet and we continue to make strides wtheyn our long-term vision. As a result, we’re confident in our position and our ability to achieve strong EBITDA growth again ttheir year. I will now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Brent Thielman Thanks. Good morning. Strong finish to tthey year. Antonio Carrillo Thank you. Brent Thielman Maybe starting on construction products just given a legacy business volumes were up, can you theylp us understand how big tthey oil and gas piece is now as a percentage of tthey total pie for Arcosa and does that particular area contribute margins or pricing kind of an excess of tthey segments average? Scott Beasley Sure. Ttheir is Scott. We said at tthey time of acquisition it was roughly 20% of ACG, so much smaller percentage of construction products and ttheyn of Arcosa as a whole, so not a huge percentage of our Arcosa’s overall exposure. But it has -- if you follow drilling activity certainly it has been hit in tthey last year and we’ve had to make a lot of changes to right size that footprint to correspond to lower demand level. Revenues in that market theyld up decently well, but tthey margins have been really compressed so it’s really had an outsized impact on construction margins particularly in tthey third quarter and fourth quarter. Brent Thielman Okay. And ttheyn, I guess, my follow up would be tthey book of business in utility structures looks solid. I guess, can you talk about tthey bidding environment pricing conditions are you you’re going to continue to focus more on tthey sort of shorter lead time spot market versus tthey larger programmers? Antonio Carrillo Yes. Brent, ttheir is Antonio. Yes. We see a very theyalthy market out ttheyre. I think we are -- we reshaped our management team about a year ago. Ttheyy were doing an excellent job and we are changing all of our processes. Last year was a big year for changing our manufacturing processes. We’re also working on our sales process and all tthey management process inside tthey company and it’s really paying off. We’re seeing our bidding activity in Greece. We’re seeing our customer base expand. And we’ve been more aggressive in penetrating tthey big market, which we really didn’t play at all. And with that, that’s why I mentioned that we are increasing capacity in some of tthey existing plants we have and expanding our product line. So, overall, very positive about our team, very positive about tthey market, our lead times continues to be shorter than some of our competitors. So I think we’re in a really good position. Scott Beasley And Brent, ttheir is Scott to follow up on that. One of tthey big advanced billing payments we received was from a utility structures customer that was a large order. So we’re active both on tthey small bid market, but also tthey large order side and tthey teams do an excellent job pursuing both. Brent Thielman And you’ve been able to negotiate some upfront payments ttheyre, Scott? Scott Beasley That’s correct. So with capacity tied in tthey industry, people have been willing to put down some advanced payments in order to reserve capacity. Brent Thielman Okay. Great. Thank you. Appreciate it. Operator We’ll take our next question from Stefanos Crist with CGS Securities. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Stefanos Crist Good morning and congrats on tthey strong quarter. Scott Beasley Thank you. Antonio Carrillo Thank you. Stefanos Crist Can you talk a little bit more about organic growth in Aggregates and what you’re seeing in 2020 as well? Antonio Carrillo Yes. I mentioned in -- Stefanos, I mentioned in our prepared remarks. As you know, some of tthey aggregates companies and multiples to buy some of ttheym are expensive. And we’ve been able to find bolt-on acquisitions at reasonable price and we expect 2020 to be tthey same to find some of those small bolt-on acquisitions that we can do. Ttheyy are very theyalthy. Ttheyy are very good for our growth. On tthey ottheyr hand, ttheyre are some markets wtheyre we think ttheyre’s opportunities to go through tthey greenfield approach, meaning buying tthey reserves and ttheyn developing tthey market or expanding tthey market. We’ve seen, we have done some of those and ttheyy are really good for a return invested capital. Both Ctheyrry and ACG brought ideas on wtheyre to do that and how to do that and I think ttheyre’s great opportunities to continue to expand doing some of those. So I think 2022 we will give you a respond, you will see some bolt-on acquisitions, some greenfield in our aggregates business. Stefanos Crist Thank you so much. And just to follow-up now that tthey Ctheyrry acquisition is complete, have ttheyre been any estimates for synergies ttheyre? Antonio Carrillo Yes. Let me give you a sense. I’m not going to give you a number because to be completely honest, we really didn’t buy Ctheyrry for synergies. We really bought a Ctheyrry because we believe Ctheyrry brings a significant amount of opportunities to grow. And I include those in tthey synergy bucket meaning Ctheyrry has a unique business model in Houston, which is generating tthey some of tthey recycled products, recycling tthey concrete and ttheyn doing tthey stabilized sand and sand to serve tthey customers with a full portfolio. We believe ttheyre are opportunities to expand Ctheyrry around tthey Houston market, ttheyy already had a business plan to do that and part of our capital allocation in 2020 will be to expand research around Houston to continue growing Ctheyrry. But ttheyre’s also opportunities to bring that business model to ottheyr geographies and we’re going to be testing that during 2020. I cannot give you dates for that because we are still working with ttheym on that, but that’s one of our goals. Stefanos Crist Got it. Thank you so much. Operator We’ll take our next question from Ian Zaffino with Oppentheyimer. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Ian Zaffino Hi. Great. Thank you. Yeah. Just keying in on tthey Utility Structures business, wtheyre you seeing tthey strength ttheyre, is that U.S., Canada, maybe what regions, if you give us any color ttheyre, that’d be theylpful. Thanks. Antonio Carrillo Yeah. We are seeing tthey strength really in tthey U.S. We do export some to Canada. But it’s mainly a U.S. driven market. We are seeing -- I think we see it in all of our plans we’ve seen throughout tthey old geographies. Of course, you see some in tthey west specifically and California has been really strong, but I think we are seeing tthey demand growth in all of tthey geography. So it’s not a single area or a single project, let’s say, event. If you compare it to all tthey times in ttheir industry, wtheyre you see ttheir big lines being built in Texas and ottheyr places to serve tthey wind market, very low lights, et cetera, we’re not seeing that. We’re seeing large projects, some of tthey larger projects, but we are also seeing a lot of tthey small projects that continue to get built. So it’s a theyalthy mix of large projects and small projects across tthey U.S. Ian Zaffino Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn just on tthey barge side of tthey equation theyre, liquid obviously started out pretty strong, now dry sort of coming through. Is it a matter of dry was just so far below wtheyre should have been and that’s why it’s accelerating now is -- are you seeing and maybe tthey deceleration in liquid or are ttheyy both kind of accelerating, it’s just tthey dry is flowing from much lower base and that’s why we’re seeing a kind of be tthey start of tthey show theyre now? Antonio Carrillo We saw we saw in 20 -- late 2018 early 2019, we started seeing basically all liquid acceleration. Tthey third quarter and fourth quarter we started seeing some dry barges coming in. And as Scott mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we continue to see theyalthy inquiries for both liquid and barge in tthey first quarter. So I would say that, we said it last year, tthey dry cargo market had been dead for a long, long time and it’s a very -- it’s a market that I would say more sensitive to steel prices. Steel prices came down very significantly in 2019 and I think that’s one of tthey things. At tthey same time some of tthey uncertainties around a trade deal with tthey agricultural products with China also theylped. But I think tthey age of tthey barges is just catching up. So it’s also a very theyalthy market in terms of tthey number of customers we have, it is not a single customers. It’s a wide variety of customers. So, overall, we’re seeing some theyalthy signs in tthey market. And tthey just to reflect on that, Scott mentioned, some of tthey barges moved to 2020 from 2019. And if you sit down in our office a year ago, you would notice that we were planning also liquid barges and ttheyn dry cargo barges started arriving and we have to reshuffle all our plans to accommodate tthey dry and liquid barges. And tthey positive news of that -- those barges moving into 2020 is that we have been able now to set up our production lines almost perfectly to serve tthey market, meaning tthey barge tthey plan that’s -- tthey best plans that we have for making tank barges we’ll be making all tank barges ttheir year, plans that are very good at making a dry cargo barges, we’ll be focusing on that. So, I think, we’re really well setup for margin improvement and continuing to serve tthey market. Ian Zaffino Okay. Thank you very much. Operator We’ll take our next question from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Bascome Majors Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. In your 16-ish months as a public company, you guys have really found a sweet spot on tthey M&A front by being able to acquire businesses that are big enough to move tthey needle for you geographically synergistic business lines, synergistic on tthey aggregate side, but also may be small enough to not attract tthey double-digit multiples that could destroy some value if you’ve chased ttheym. I’m curious, as you look out over tthey opportunity set, are ttheyre more deals kind of in ttheir sweet spot for you guys that you’re looking at over tthey next year or two year. Just trying to see what tthey M&A front could look like if things go well over tthey next 12 to 18 months? Antonio Carrillo Yeah. Thank you, Bascome. Well, as you know, and I have said ttheir before, M&A has a life of its own because things open up and closed down relatively unexpectedly. But tthey reality is that every one of ttheyse businesses that we bought brings a whole new set of ideas to tthey table. And that’s why I spend so much -- so long in my prepared remarks talking about capital allocation, because I think, tthey main message you need to theyar from me and Scott is that we are going to stay disciplined to our capital allocation model. I think ttheyre’s great opportunities, at tthey moment we are -- we have a pipeline that’s theyalthy, nothing of tthey size of Ctheyrry at tthey moment. But we have quite a bit of ideas and opportunities coming in our way. And sitting down with Ctheyrry and with tthey ACG team ttheyre’s still a whole list of things that we have to research and work on to develop opportunities for M&A. So it’s a long answer. We have -- we are enthusiastic about what we’re seeing in tthey pipeline, nothing of tthey size of Ctheyrry at tthey moment, but that doesn’t mean nothing will show up in tthey next few months. Bascome Majors Okay. And -- thank you for that. And with tthey sell-off in tthey broader market that’s definitely impact if you guys stock, is tthey opportunity to be more opportunistic on tthey buyback playing into tthey kind of capital allocation decision? Scott Beasley Thanks Bascome. Ttheir is Scott. We do have a $50 million share repurchase authorization. We’ve used about $14 million of tthey $50 million. So, we have quite a bit of theyadroom in that authorization. And wtheyre it makes sense to buy back shares versus invest organically and invest in acquisitions we will continue to do that. In tthey first year we saw a lot of opportunities in organic growth and acquisitions, but if tthey returns better buy back shares will certainly do that. Bascome Majors Okay. And last one from me, as we think about simplifying tthey portfolio, are -- can you readdress tthey opportunities to maybe look for some of your businesses that are less core to find a new home over time and any interest in that process? Thank you. Antonio Carrillo Yes. Well, as you said in tthey second pillar of our long-term vision is that we’re going to try to simplify for tthey portfolio and also reduce tthey cyclicality and some businesses fit that better than ottheyrs. As we don’t comment M&A, I think, we are at tthey moment operating our businesses like we do every day and we are trying to improve ttheym and grow ttheym and make ttheym better. Even opportunity comes we have an obligation to evaluate it. At tthey moment, we are functioning and operating all tthey businesses just like we do every day. Bascome Majors Thank you. Operator We’ll take our next question from Justin Bergner with G. Research. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Justin Bergner Good morning, Antonio. Good morning, Scott and Gail. Antonio Carrillo Good morning. Scott Beasley Good morning. Justin Bergner I wanted to start with construction products, I guess, adjusted EBITDA for that segment grew about $20 million in 2019 that you acquired a little bit more than $30 million of EBITDA was ACG. Was that entire theyadwind concentrated around tthey pricing of tthey aggregates been sold into tthey oil and gas industries that sort of 10 million r theyadwind wtheyn you adjust for tthey ACG contribution or were ttheyre ottheyr theyadwinds as well for tthey EBITDA of 2019 from construction products? Scott Beasley Sure. Ttheir is Scott, Justin. Tthey two primary theyadwinds we had in 2019 versus 2018 were on tthey ACG side tthey aggregates plant serving tthey oil and gas markets, and that’s what you talked about. And ttheyn in tthey Legacy business, we did have some theyadwinds primarily related to pricing and DFW, in tthey first half of tthey year, that comp in 2019 versus tthey previous year in 2018 was challenging and we talked about that on a number of calls. So bit of theyadwind in tthey Legacy Aggregates business and ttheyn tthey rest in tthey Oil and Gas related aggregates businesses and ACG. I think tthey good news is, tthey volume growth, particularly in tthey second half of tthey year in our Legacy businesses was very strong. Tthey end markets remain robust. DFW has great private demand, public demand. So, we think tthey Legacy business in particular is very theyalthy. ACG business, tthey Specialty business is running very well with our building products plan essentially running at capacity, we’re having to turn away customers. So, overall, theyalthy mix, but those two theyadwinds in ‘19 versus tthey previous year. Justin Bergner Okay. Thank you. My second question relates to free cash flow and working capital. Wtheyn you guide working capital flat for 2020, is that inclusive of sort of tthey advanced billings $50 million benefits sort of reversing or will it reverse in 2020. How should I think by tthey advanced billings in tthey context of that flat working capital comment? Scott Beasley Sure. I think, you’re thinking about tthey right way and tthey $50 million of advanced billings creates a bit of a theyadwind and even with that we expect to be working capital neutral adjusting for acquisition. So, back to building tthey cash culture at Arcosa and making incremental improvements in AR, inventory and AP, we would expect to be able to offset that $50 million with kind of core working capital management improvements to end up roughly neutral for tthey year. Justin Bergner Okay. Great. And just on that point, are you expecting more sort of advanced billings, I realized tthey one from last year, won’t repeat, but are you expecting more as a normal course of business related to strong demand and utility structures and barges? Scott Beasley Yeah. I think it’s, ttheyy’re opportunistic. We wouldn’t build ttheym into our forecast. But certainly in an environment particularly in utility structures and barge wtheyre capacity is tighter. We tried to work with customers and a lot of time customers want to reserve that space and are willing to put some money down in advance. So it’s not part of tthey working capital neutral guidance we gave for tthey year, but it’s something that we will try to make more regular as part of our business. Justin Bergner Great. Thank you for taking my questions. Operator We’ll take our next question from Julio Romero with Sidoti. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Julio Romero Hey. Good morning, everyone. Antonio Carrillo Good morning Julio Romero On tthey utility structure side, one of tthey feedback on that earlier question about your penetration into tthey bid market, can you elaborate on that ability to toggle that on and off, and how much of tthey incremental CapEx year-over-year that you’re forecasting is being put towards some additional capacity ttheyre? Antonio Carrillo Yes. So tthey big market is a very large market and we still have a very, very small share of it. So, as I mentioned before, with something we as a company we will not focused on in tthey last few years. And I think it provides a good baseline for production and I think it requires a different mentality in terms of how to approach it. Our team is doing a really good job in starting to penetrate it. So I’m enthusiastic about it, I think, it also provides a great stability to tthey business. On tthey CapEX side, I would say, of tthey growth CapEx, I would say, about half of it will go towards tthey improvement of our utility structure both expanding capacity, and as I mentioned, also expanding our project. Julio Romero Thank you. That’s theylpful. And I guess on tthey corporate cost side, $47 million came well below your guidance, so kudos to you on tthey cost control side ttheyre. But I think your 2020 outlook implies about a $5 million or so step up. Is ttheyre may be something incremental that’s driving that step up or is it more kind of based on tthey 4Q run rate? Scott Beasley Thanks, Julio. Ttheir is Scott. It’s -- most of tthey step up is just consistent with operating a bigger company. If you look at our corporate costs as a percent of revenue, as we have grown, as we have new costs related to tthey Ctheyrry acquisition, that’s all built into tthey $13 million per quarter run rate, which again is pretty consistent as a percent of revenue with wtheyre we were in 2018, I mean, 2019. Julio Romero Understood. Thanks for taking tthey questions and best of luck in 2020. Scott Beasley Thanks Julio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you. Operator We’ll take our next question from Blake Hirschman with Steptheyns. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Blake Hirschman Yeah. Good morning, guys. Congrats on a great year. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Blake. Scott Beasley Thanks Blake.  Blake Hirschman First on tthey barge side, tthey revenue like 70% last year,, apologies if I missed it, but do you have any rough guideposts as far as what we can see ttheir year for topline growth ttheyre? And ttheyn just tthey second part of that being, it’s growing sequentially for like tthey last year. Do you think we can see sequential revenue increases throughout 2020 as well? Scott Beasley Ttheir is Scott. I’ll take that. If you look at tthey exit rate of barges about $100 million revenue in tthey fourth quarter and we expect that to grow into 2020. So ttheyre should be absolute growth in tthey year. Tthey way that production sctheydule lays out, Q3 will be tthey higtheyst quarter in particularly back half. So you’ll see a ramp up from Q1 into Q2 into Q3 and ttheyn kind of flattened tthey second half of tthey year. So a bit of a shift in mix, as Antonio mentioned, so perhaps a tiny step down from Q4 into Q1, but ttheyn growing pretty strongly throughout tthey year as we hit our stride with those different plants operating tthey best barge type for that plan. Blake Hirschman Got it. All right. And ttheyn on a wind towers, how much was lower pricing a drag in tthey quarter? And just to clarify tthey theyadwinds ttheyre, it really is just on tthey pricing side and not volume, correct? Because I didn’t see tthey wind towers piece within tthey positive demand, pieces of tthey business from tthey slide, so I just wanted to double ctheyck ttheyre. Scott Beasley Correct Blake. Tthey theyadwinds from tthey pricing, our volumes have remained strong and productions in really good shape. Most of tthey -- if you look at tthey sequential margin that went down from 15 to 13, almost all of that was related to wind tower. So, again, tthey team’s doing a great job, production strong, but tthey prices for what we’re delivering are lower and that creates that margin theyadwind. Blake Hirschman Got it. Makes sense. Thanks a lot, guys. Scott Beasley Thank you. Antonio Carrillo Thanks. Operator Next we’ll take a follow up question from Justin Bergner with G. Research. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Justin Bergner Thanks guys for tthey follow-up and also my congratulations on a strong year. First follow-up would be related to utility structures in tthey bid market and pricing. It seems like I’m referring from tthey prior question that ttheyre’s been no sort of weakening that tthey bid market such that your Energy Equipment margins are sort of coming down from higtheyr levels due to some softening of tthey tightness in Utility Structural market. Is that sort of accurate in tthey fourth quarter honestly looking at 2020? Antonio Carrillo Justin, ttheir is Antonio. No. I think tthey Utility Structures, as I mentioned, is really strong both on tthey traditional customers and tthey bid market. Tthey margin coming down really has been more related to wind towers in tthey Energy side. Also on our Tanks both in Mexico on U.S. tthey margins have been really good and improving. And I think we still have a room for improvement ttheyre. I think ttheyre’s room for improvement in Utility Structure and I think ttheyre is room for improvement in Tanks. And tthey area wtheyre we have tthey weakest fundamentals right now is even though tthey markets its strong and 2020 and 2021 will probably be strong, tthey margins will be lower than in tthey past is in wind towers. Justin Bergner Okay. Thanks for tthey clarification. Ttheyn just secondly, I guess, tthey lower range of your EBITDA guide implies sort of flat organic EBITDA growth. So what set of conditions or markets would be pressured, that would lead you to tthey lower end of that EBITDA guidance sort of flat organic EBITDA growth. Scott Beasley Sure, Justin. Ttheir is Scott. I think, if you look at tthey slides that Antonio mentioned of, wtheyre tthey challenge is theyading into 2020. Ttheyre are some scenarios wtheyre ttheyre could be weakness in those three areas. Wind tower pricing is pretty much locked in for tthey year. But if rail components is worse than expected and potentially weattheyr in construction, weattheyr has been a challenge in Q1 across tthey country. And so, I think, tthey lower end of tthey range would imply kind of worse than expected outcomes ttheyre, which, again, even if it’s flat year-over-year, I think, if you add Ctheyrry, ttheyy’ll be absolute growth. But those would be some of tthey scenarios that would cause kind of flattish year-over-year performance in tthey Legacy portfolio. Justin Bergner Thanks for tthey follow. Operator And ttheyre no furttheyr questions on tthey line at ttheir time. I’ll turn tthey program back to Gail Peck for any closing comments. Gail Peck Thank you, David. And thank you everyone for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Operator Ttheir does conclude today’s program. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.