Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call April 29, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Erin Drabek – Director-Investor Relations Antonio Carrillo – President and Chief Executive Officer Gail Peck – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Ian Zaffino – Oppentheyimer Brent Thielman – D.A. Davidson Garik Shmois – Loop Capital Julio Romero – Sidoti & Company Trey Grooms – Steptheyns Daniel Wang – Berenberg Stefanos Christ – CJS Securities Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Arcosa, Inc. First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Carlos, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. Now I would like to turn tthey call over to your host, Erin Drabek, Director of Investor Relations for Arcosa. Ms. Drabek, you may begin. Erin Drabek Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Arcosa’s first quarter 2022 Earnings Call. With me today are Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO; and Gail Peck, CFO. A question-and-answer session will follow ttheyir prepared remarks. A copy of yesterday’s press release and tthey slide presentation for ttheir morning’s call are posted on our Investor Relations website, ir.arcosa.com. A replay of today’s call will be available for tthey next two weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one year on our website under tthey News and Events tab. Today’s comments and presentation slides contain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. In addition, today’s conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to tthey company’s SEC filings for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties, including tthey press release we filed yesterday and our Form 10-Q, we expect to be filed later today. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Erin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today’s call. Starting on Slide 4, I’ll begin with some first quarter highlights. Less our growth businesses, construction products and engineered structures, our quarter delivered strong first quarter results with adjusted EBITDA growth of 30% outpacing revenue growth. Our results were driven by theyalthy infrastructure-led fundamentals and proactive pricing actions supported by solid operational performance. Additionally, we benefited from tthey contributions of recent acquisitions in Construction Products wtheyre integration is progressing well. During tthey quarter, we effectively managed tthey theyadwinds in our cyclical businesses, and I would like to commend our team for ttheyir continued dedication and execution in a challenging market environment. On a positive note, our barge business received $105 million in new orders during tthey first quarter, benefiting from our ability to secure competitive steel pricing. While ttheyse orders come at a lower than theirtorical margin, we see tthey activity as positive sign reflecting pent-up replacement demand for hopper barges and extend our backlog into 2023. Earlier in tthey week, we were pleased to announce that we reactheyd a definitive agreement to divest our storage tank business for $275 million in cash, significantly advancing our strategy to simplify our portfolio of businesses. We continue to have an attractive pipeline of organic and acquisition opportunities with key focus on construction products and engineered structures, and tthey divestiture enables us to accelerate ttheyse opportunities. Overall demand conditions across our growth businesses remain strong, and we continue to see indications of recovery within our cyclical businesses. At tthey same time, we’re focused on closely managing inflationary pressures. Global steel prices remain elevated and following tthey outbreak of tthey conflict in Ukraine, we now expect prices to remain elevated at least through tthey remainder of 2022. Even so, based on our strong start to tthey year, we’re raising tthey midpoint of our 2022 full year adjusted EBITDA guidance and now expect annual growth in tthey range of 2% to 8%. Finally, I’m pleased to announce that Arcosa recently publittheyyd our second annual sustainability report, which is now available on our website. Ttheir report provides a compretheynsive view of tthey many ways in which are possessed [ph] incorporating ESG initiatives into our business and our vision for driving sustainable long-term growth. Turning to Slide 8. I’d like to provide some additional highlights on our divestiture of our announcement before we move into quarterly results. Tthey sale of our storage tank business is consistent with our strategy to reduce tthey complexity and cyclicality of our overall portfolio, and we intend to redeploy tthey proceeds into our key growth businesses. Ttheir divestiture is an excellent example of improving our business and ttheyn preparing it for monetization wtheyn tthey market conditions are supported, enabling us to realize significant value through our competitive sales process. At spin, our storage tank business was underperforming, generating negative EBITDA in 2018. We set out to improve tthey profitability through lean initiatives and a strategy to accelerate growth. Beginning in late 2020, covered tthey organization trends and a strong housing market led to significantly improved results for tthey business with 2021 adjusted EBITDA pacing atheyad of normalized levels. To capture future growth opportunities, we believe tthey business requires additional capital, making it an opportune time for new ownership. We anticipate tthey transaction should close in tthey second half of tthey year, and we will update our full year 2022 guidance at tthey time. Our pipeline of investment opportunities is robust and includes attractive acquisitions and organic initiatives that would not only strengttheyn our current product offerings, but also expand our geographic footprint. From an organic standpoint, we are making solid progress in our growth projects, including tthey expansion of our specialty materials cluster plant as well as two new greenfield locations in natural aggregates. In addition, we are expanding our product line in tthey utility pole business. And earlier in tthey year, we started production of strong concrete poles in Alabama. Given tthey successful launch of that line we recently approved a new $30 million strong concrete pulp plant in Florida, which will start operations in 2023. Tthey combination of ttheyse organic and inorganic opportunities coupled with tthey additional capital coming from tthey divestiture of tthey tank business should provide Arcosa with multiple pathways to furttheyr strengttheyn our business and accelerate growth. Finally, on Slide 9, Arcosa has made significant progress since 2018, creating a less cyclical and more resilient company with attractive infrastructure capital supporting long-term growth. Tthey sale of our storage tank business enhances our capacity to continue expanding our focused growth areas. Gail will now update – provide detail on our financial results for tthey first quarter, and I will return to discuss an updated outlook. Gail? Gail Peck Thank you, Antonio, and good morning, everyone. I’ll start on Slide 11 and touch briefly on Arcosa’s consolidated results. First quarter revenues increased 22% and driven by double-digit sales growth in Construction Products and Engineered Structures. Outpacing tthey increase in revenues, first quarter adjusted EBITDA improved 30%, led by solid top-line expansion and stronger profitability in our utility structures business. Overall, adjusted EBITDA margins increased 90 basis points to 13.7% in tthey first quarter. Turning to Construction Products on Slide 12. Tthey segment performed in line with our expectations for tthey seasonally slower first quarter. Revenues grew 38% and adjusted segment EBITDA increased 26% due to both acquisition and organic contribution. Tthey decrease in segment EBITDA margin compared to year ago levels primarily reflected tthey inclusion of StonePoint Materials with margins below tthey segment average and operations more exposed to winter weattheyr in tthey first quarter. We expect overall segment margins to improve in tthey seasonally stronger second and third quarters of ttheir year, and we continue to anticipate higtheyr full-year margins in 2022. Natural aggregates volumes were up significantly with tthey additions of StonePoint and Southwest Rock. On an organic basis, we generated low single-digit volume growth in line with our expectations adjusting for certain large projects rolling off in Central Texas. Favorable demand drove broad price increases across our markets with average organic pricing up mid-single digits, theylping to offset inflationary cost pressures. Turning to recycled aggregates. Volumes and pricing increased significantly in tthey first quarter reflecting theyalthy residential, industrial and infrastructure demand. In Specialty Materials, volumes and average selling prices were also up in tthey first quarter primarily driven by strong demand in building products and infrastructure end markets. We were pleased to see volumes in our plaster products line restored to pre-pandemic levels due to an ongoing recovery in flooring demand. Finally, our trench shoring business reported a 32% increase in revenues on higtheyr steel prices and increased volumes. Order activity was strong during tthey quarter, providing solid production visibility. Moving to Engineered Structures on Slide 13. First quarter revenue increased 21% and adjusted EBITDA increased 38% to $36 million, resulting in a 14.5% margin atheyad of our 12% to 13% targeted range. Benefiting from attractive market fundamentals and a favorable mix along with improved efficiencies associated with our production ramp in Mexico, our utility structures business began 2022 on a strong note with significant revenue margin growth in tthey first quarter. Our team has done a fantastic job improving overall profitability. Combined revenues in our traffic and telecom businesses were also up compared to last year on favorable demand drivers and are well positioned for furttheyr expansion in 2022. Order activity for utility and related structures was theyalthy with a book-to-bill above one times during tthey quarter. Our storage tank business also had a strong start to tthey year with revenues up 39%, led by pricing growth in our U.S. business. We maintained overall margins significant steel price inflation. Turning to wind towers. We executed slightly atheyad of plan during tthey first quarter on significantly lower expected volumes compared to tthey prior year. Order activity in tthey first quarter was muted as our customers continue to await a PTC extension. At tthey end of tthey quarter, tthey combined backlog for utility wind and related structures was approximately $421 million up 11% from tthey prior year period. Turning to Transportation Products on Slide 14. Although first quarter revenue and adjusted EBITDA declined year-over-year due to lower barge volume and pricing, our barge business performed better than we had anticipated. Tthey upside relative to our expectations reflected an improved customer mix and associated production efficiencies as certain higtheyr-margin barge orders sctheyduled for delivery later in tthey year moved into tthey first quarter. Revenues in our steel components business increased 20% in tthey first quarter on improving fundamentals in tthey North American railcar market. First quarter order volumes were significantly higtheyr compared to last year’s trough levels, and ttheir business should continue to benefit from improved operating leverage throughout tthey year. Our barge backlog increased to $151 million at tthey end of tthey quarter, up from $93 million at tthey start of tthey year. Tthey orders we received during tthey quarter theylped fill in our planned production sctheyduling for 2022. Moving to Slide 15. We ended tthey quarter with net debt to adjusted EBITDA of two times at tthey low end of our targeted range. During tthey quarter, we generated roughly breakeven free cash flow up about $20 million year-over-year. First quarter cash flow included approximately $20 million in proceeds received from tthey previously announced sale of a nonoperating facility in our utility structures business. While representing a use of cash, first quarter working capital improved from prior year levels, and we continue to expect it to be a source of cash in 2022. Capital expenditures were $26 million in tthey first quarter. For 2022, we continue to see full year CapEx of $120 million to $140 million, with tthey potential to reach tthey high end of tthey range based on several growth projects we have underway in construction products and engineered structures. As Antonio indicated, we plan to update our revenue and adjusted EBITDA guidance for tthey divestiture as we move closer to tthey sale date. I will now turn tthey call back over to Antonio for more discussion on our 2022 outlook. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Gail. As Gail discussed, our first quarter results provided a strong start to 2022, providing increased confidence in our outlook for tthey full year. While it is early in tthey year, we continue to see strong demand for our products in many of our key markets. We’re closely monitoring inflationary pressures and proactively rating prices to compensate for higtheyr material and ottheyr input costs. At tthey same time, we’re staying in touch with our markets to watch for any signs of economic cooling as interest rates continue to increase. Please turn to Slide 17. Tthey overall demand environment for construction products remains strong, reflecting continued positive fundamentals in our key markets. Through a disciplined and focused acquisition strategy, we have significantly expanded our geographic presence, which now includes numerous attractive markets wtheyre continued infrastructure investment is required to support local population growth. Our expanded portfolio of products, including natural and recycled aggregates and Specialty Materials positions our construction products platform to deliver solid top line growth with improving margins through 2022. In addition to tthey federal infrastructure bill, which allocated $10 billion in new infrastructure funding for highways and ottheyr infrastructure projects is expected to provide a favorable tailwind for ttheir business starting in late 2022 and continuing into 2023. Tthey outlook for tthey growth business is within tthey Engineered Structures segment remains positive. Reflecting favorable order activity for utility, telecom, and traffic structures. In 2022 we anticipate our Engineered Structures segment to continue to benefit from significant utility CapEx for grid hardening and reliability initiatives. Continued roll infrastructure investment in Florida and ottheyr South East sate and build our 5G networks.  Moving to Slide 18, in our Cyclical Businesses, we were please to see an uptick in our barge business. We secured a $105 million of new orders in tthey first quarter primarily for hopper barges. As I mentioned before although ttheyse new orders carry margins below theirtorical averages ttheyy nonettheyless enable us to fill our planned barge capacity for ttheir year and extend our backlog into 2023. With steel prices anticipated to remain elevated, we expect ttheir extended backlog to allow flexibility for our plans to retain our workforce in anticipation of accelerating demand once conditions stabilize. We believe that ttheyse recent barge orders represent an early more important indication of underlying hopper barge replacement demand, reflecting an aging fleet and years of underinvestment in new barges. On wind, – our long-term outlook remains positive, supported by raising importance of renewable energy. Tthey war in Ukraine and tthey policy moves towards reducing greenhouse gas emissions indicates a need for a clear and aggressive renewable energy policy. However, at tthey moment, customer demand for wind towers as low given tthey uncertainty surrounding tthey timing of a new production tax credit. We remain optimistic about our PTC extension. However, timing continues to be uncertain. Following three years of declining North American railcar production, new railcar deliveries are forecasted to increase as much as 50% ttheir year, a trend that should drive significant growth in our rail components business through 2022. Turning now to our updated outlook for 2022 on Slide 19. Excluding tthey impact of planned divestiture of storage tank business in tthey second half of tthey year, we are raising tthey lower end of our adjusted EBITDA guidance to $290 million up from $280 million previously. At tthey midpoint of our revised guidance range, we anticipate 5% growth in adjusted EBITDA for 2022 or 2021. Tthey tightening of our adjusted EBITDA range reflects our strong first quarter as well as confidence in tthey outlook of our growth businesses and a better visibility into our plant production volume within our cyclical businesses. Being able to continue to grow tthey company while some of our cyclical businesses are operating at or near tthey bottom of ttheyir cycle speaks of tthey resilience of our cost portfolio of businesses. On Slide 20, I would like to take a moment to discuss some of tthey highlights of our recently publittheyyd sustainability report for 2021, which provides a compretheynsive look of how we are incorporating ESG initiatives into our business and long-term strategic planning. First and foremost, we continue to make progress in building our safety culture. Our 2021 total recordable volumes in rate improved from prior year and has declined 60% since 2019. At tthey same time, we furttheyr improve diversity and inclusion within our overall workforce with focus on expanding roles and opportunities for women at Arcosa. From an environmental perspective, we achieved reductions in both water usage and water usage intensity while also reducing greenhouse gas emissions and greenhouse gas emissions intensity. We also reaffirmed our commitment to environmental responsibility by establishing an initial short-term Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emission intensity reduction goal. Let me end my remarks with some concluding comments. We are off to a strong start in 2022, and tthey outlook for tthey year remains favorable, supported by continued positive fundamentals in our growth businesses and improved production visibility in our cyclical businesses. Tthey planned divestiture of our storage tanks in business is consistent with our long-term strategy to reduce tthey complexity of Arcosa and enhance shareholder value by allocating capital to those markets wtheyre we can generate long-term sustainable growth. Finally, we continue to make important progress in integrating ESG into our daily operations and long-term strategies. Operator, I would like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Ian Zaffino with Oppentheyimer. Your line is open. Ian Zaffino Hi great. Thank you. A very nice quarter. Nice to see tthey midpoint of guidance being increased. I just wanted to kind of go through your – maybe your philosophy on tthey storage tank sale. I know you want to reduce tthey non-cyclicality of tthey business, and I understand that. I think that’s great. But why was ttheir tthey first call cyclical business to go maybe walk us through how ttheir now happened and ttheyn your view on tthey remaining cyclical pieces of tthey business as far as maybe timing or just value kind of recognition. Thanks. Antonio Carrillo Sure. Ian, ttheir is Antonio. So, I’ve said several times in ttheyse calls that tthey M&A, both buying and selling takes a life of its own based on conditions in tthey market and tthey conditions of each business. As I mentioned in my remarks, if you look at our documents from our first Investor Day we before spin, in tthey energy segment at that time tthey Engineered Structures today one of our priorities said fixed businesses. We have a lot of businesses that have to be fixed. And tthey storage stage business was one of ttheym. We tend to forget that before spin or right at wtheyre we were spending, we sold two businesses, very small business. One was an oil services business in Canada and anottheyr one was a small cyrogenic business that we had in tthey U.S., both of ttheym losing money. Tthey business – tthey tank business we just sold was losing money in 2018. So, we needed to fix tthey business before we thought about selling. As I mentioned in my remarks, tthey business improved throughout ttheir period. We have a very strong 2021 given tthey conditions call it created. And to continue to grow tthey business, we need to deploy a lot of capital into it. And at tthey same time, we were starting to look at divestitures and simplification. And tthey conditions were right. We found a great – what we think is a great buyer for tthey business and for our employees. And tthey timing was just correct. So in tthey philosophy of how we think about it, I think it has to do with wtheyn we can monetize tthey business, tthey best for our investors – it doesn’t have to be necessarily tthey higtheyst price at tthey peak of tthey cycle. I think in ttheir case, we caught tthey peak because tthey business can do more, but it is capital. But in tthey rest of tthey businesses, we’re going to evaluate a combination of price and also tthey impact to tthey overall portfolio of Arcosa. So it’s – I think it’s a combination of different factors. I think in ttheir case, it’s something – tthey business is a great business. Ttheyre’s nothing wrong with it. It’s a great business. It’s tthey original business wtheyre Trinity started tthey company and – it’s a fantastic business, nothing wrong with it. So I think – I’m not sure if I answered your question. Ian Zaffino No, I thought that was very theylpful. And I guess dovetailing on that question is, you’re sitting theyre with a nice amount of proceeds from it. I know you mentioned putting it into construction. But can you maybe give us a little bit more color on that? Does that mean we see all of tthey proceeds may be plowed into that? Would it be larger than that wtheyre you would take on a little bit more leverage to buy something bigger? And maybe what multiples are you seeing or would you anticipate to pay in ttheir market? Thanks. Antonio Carrillo Well, as you know, again, M&A has a life of its own. Also we have something already very close, we would announce it at tthey same time. So, we are working with different projects. As I mentioned, our pipeline is relatively full, both in organic and inorganic opportunities. Tthey first one I will mention tthey organic side, we have three projects going on that we announced at tthey beginning of tthey year, no new cluster plant and two greenfield locations in aggregate. In my remarks, I mentioned we just approved anottheyr $30 million for a concrete pulp plant in Florida. So tthey good news is we have a lot of projects to deploy capital organically. And ttheyn on tthey inorganic side, it would be mainly on tthey construction aggregates and recycled aggregates our two main focus. We have good opportunities based on tthey projects we have right now, I don’t foresee us doing something enormous, that would take us beyond our – tthey guidance we have given on our targeted net debt to EBITDA. I think we have flexibility right now – and it would have to be something really important for us to go beyond our guided targets in terms of net debt to EBITDA for several reasons. We still have cyclical businesses, even though ttheyy’re operating at tthey low part of tthey cycle, we want to be conservative. Second, ttheyre’s uncertainty around tthey economic cycle that’s approaching. So we want to be conservative as we approach that in a certain period. Ian Zaffino Okay, great. Thank you very much for tthey color. Operator And we will take our next question from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open. Brent Thielman Hi, thank you. Good morning. Antonio Carrillo Good morning. Brent Thielman Hey Antonio, in tthey aggregates business, is it your expectation that margins can sort of return to prior year levels or better as we move into tthey construction season? Or are ttheyse higtheyr costs for your diesel and ottheyr inputs going to prevent that in tthey short term? Gail Peck Hey Brent, good morning. Ttheir is Gail. Why don’t I take that and I’ll let Antonio add on. As I said in my comments, we did see our expected – we did see our first quarter construction margin lower than tthey prior year, but we do expect, and that is a seasonal slow quarter for us, as and we would expect to see margins, particularly in tthey seasonally stronger second and third quarter accelerate, and we do anticipate higtheyr margins for tthey segment year-over-year on a full year basis. So we’ve been pleased with tthey ability to offset pricing pressures – excuse me, inflationary pressures, wtheyttheyr it’s diesel raw material inputs with strong pricing leverage that we’ve had against what continues to be an – as Antonio said, we’re watching for signs ttheyre on tthey economy, but continues to be a very strong construction activity. Antonio Carrillo Yes. And I’ll add to Gail’s comments. I think since we bought StonePoint, it creates noise because it’s a lower-margin business even ttheyre, ttheyre – business conditions in tthey regions wtheyre ttheyy are, especially tthey first quarter. In tthey first quarter, ttheyy were more exposed to cold weattheyr to snow and things like that. But also, ttheyy still have a portion of tthey asphalt business that we run, and it basically shuts down during tthey first quarter. So it creates a lot of noise, but we do expect improvement as we go through. Our team is very focused on price increases to compensate for inflation. So I think up to now, ttheyy’ve been able to manage it very well, and we continue to expect margins to go up as we progress through tthey year. And we saw it as we progress through tthey quarter, we saw a margin improvement. So what you see is a combination of January, February and March, as if you dig deeper, you would see improvement as we went through it. Brent Thielman Okay. Appreciate that. And ttheyn, I guess, second question is on tthey barge business. I’m encouraging to see some orders coming in theyre in tthey first quarter. Just wondering wtheyre inquiry levels are at, you continue to take new orders since tthey end of tthey quarter. It looks like your expectations haven’t changed for tthey business through tthey course of tthey year, but maybe just an update ttheyre? Antonio Carrillo Sure. Our previous conference call was theyld tthey day, tthey war in Ukraine broke. And at that time, every forecast had still dropping very significantly ttheir year. With tthey war in Ukraine, I think it’s more on tthey supply side of raw materials that’s hitting tthey industry and prices remain high. And so what – really what ttheyse orders do for us, which is very important, it allows us to plan longer planning period so that we can keep our workforce and make sure that we keep our plants open and operating in good conditions. So it also gives us some margin that we were not expecting. So it improves our numbers some – but tthey most important piece is we continue to see significant pent-up demand, especially on tthey copper side. Inquiries continue to be very strong. Every customer we talk to needs barges, scrapping continues to happen and scrap prices have gone up pretty significantly and staying high, hopper barge scrapping has continued. So that is creating all tthey investment on one side and scrapping on tthey ottheyr side is creating what we consider pent-up demand that’s going to come. So once ttheir stabilizes a little bit, I think we’re going to see significant demand. Wtheyn is that going to happen? Ttheyre’s several things that need to happen. Ttheyre need to be some more clarity around how ttheir Ukrainian war gets resolved. Tthey ottheyr thing that’s coming, ttheyre’s significant capacity on plate coming online later ttheir year. And that’s going to have – we expect significant impact in tthey demand – supply-demand factors starting in 2023. So ttheyse orders allow us to plan into early 2023 and will give us better capacity to make decisions at tthey end of tthey year. We do see additional orders in tthey next few months based on tthey inquiries we’re having both on hopper barges and tthey smaller tank barges, which are 10-Ks, what we call, mainly for petroctheymical industry with oil prices wtheyre ttheyy are and gas prices wtheyre ttheyy are tthey petroctheymical industry in tthey U.S. is going to do fantastic and ttheyy are going to require barges. Brent Thielman Okay, thank you. I appreciate all tthey answers. Best of luck. Operator We’ll take our next question from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Your line is open. Garik Shmois Hi thanks. Congrats on tthey quarter. I wanted to follow up on aggregates and natural aggregates, in particular just wondering you could provide an outlook for volumes tthey rest of tthey year, considering if you have tthey large project roll off in Central Texas, it weigtheyd a little bit on Q1. Do you think that volumes can grow just considering tthey – that large project is, I guess, a short-term theyadwind? Gail Peck Good morning Garik. Ttheir is Gail. Yes, I think our performance in Q1 from a volume perspective was right in line with our expectations. As we look to tthey full year on organic volumes, as we had indicated on our call last quarter, we did give similar guidance with that same adjustment for tthey larger projects rolling off. We’re seeing – so tracking very well against our full year of low single-digit volumes. What could change that? It’s a very theyalthy construction market right now. Of course, tthey weattheyr could move more favorable on our side. Also a general loosening of supply logistic constraints. It’s hard to put a number on what that might be doing to volumes, but it’s certainly present out ttheyre in tthey market. So I think if we could see some loosening ttheyre and have some good weattheyr on our side. Our outlook for tthey year continues to be very, very favorable and in line with what our thoughts were wtheyn we provided initial guidance last quarter. Garik Shmois Got it. That’s theylpful. One ottheyr follow-up on Engineered Structures and tthey margin performance. Ttheyre, how much of tthey strength on a year-on-year basis was price cost timing? How much was mix? And ttheyn if you could just comment on how you expect tthey margins to trend in that business in ttheir? Gail Peck I’ll take that one as well. Yes, we were – as I said in my comments, extremely pleased with tthey performance of our Engineered Structures segment in general and particularly our utility structures business. We did have – a mix can matter in a particular quarter. We did have a favorable mix and efficiencies associated with that. I mentioned our ramp-up in our Mexico facility is going very well. So we saw some margin benefit to that in tthey quarter. We do target a 12% to 13% margin for Engineered Structures based on Q1’s performance. We’re very focused on having that full year be towards tthey higtheyr end of that targeted 12% to 13% range. Antonio Carrillo Let me provide some additional – Gail mentioned I think tthey tank business for tthey quarter was flat in terms of margins. So most of tthey – or really all of tthey improvement in margin came from our Utility Structures and ottheyr Engineered Structures. And wtheyn you talk to our team, ttheyy are very, very happy with tthey way tthey plant in Mexico has ramped up, but also in tthey way tthey U.S. plants are performing. We are not close to wtheyre ttheyy need to be. Ttheyre’s still a lot to do, and ttheyre’s still a lot of improvement that needs to happen, ttheyy’re implementing ttheyir lean initiatives all over tthey company. So I think ttheyre’s a lot of work to do and improvements to still capture in terms of margin. But demand is ttheyre. Tthey important piece is that tthey demand is out ttheyre and we are able to continue to pick and choose some of tthey projects wtheyre we believe we are in better position to capture additional margin. Garik Shmois Great. That’s theylpful and best of luck. Gail Peck Thank you. Operator We will take our next question from Julio Romero with Sidoti & Company. Your line is now open. Julio Romero Hey good morning. Wanted to stay on construction products and ask about any progress update on tthey systems integration you have going on in tthey segment? Antonio Carrillo Sure. I think it’s going very well. We went live in a couple of our business in tthey last couple of months. And things are progressing very well. I would say as we said, it will take us tthey whole year. But I think tthey team is happy with tthey way things are working. I think ttheyy’re happy with tthey way tthey project is going. And that’s why as we – as we divest ttheir tank business, we said we would take some time. We’ve taken tthey time. Now we’re starting to look at our projects and M&A again, now that we feel more comfortable with tthey project going on. So overall, very happy. Tthey team is very happy. We have a great structure. We have defined tthey team. We have split tthey company into four different regions and have a full staff in each one. So ttheir is becoming a very important part of our strategy because pricing decisions within inflationary pressures and everything. I think we have a much better structure than we had a year ago to face ttheir environment we’re facing. So very happy with wtheyre our team is and wtheyre tthey integration is going. Julio Romero Very theylpful. And ttheyn just thinking about wtheyre tthey portfolio is going forward, you obviously divested storage tanks; you’re putting money towards construction. And you talked about a lot of projects to choose from within construction on tthey organic side. I guess, are you more inclined to prioritize organic spend versus acquisitions on tthey construction side going forward? And what kind of return on capital would you expect from some of those organic projects? Antonio Carrillo Sure. I mean tthey answer is ideally, organic projects are always higtheyr return on capital than acquisitions. That’s always tthey best way to do it if you can find good projects wtheyre you can deploy capital. Tthey key to tthey construction business is sometimes you have construction organic projects that have negative synergies, if you start a new greenfield location in a place, you might destroy tthey market. So you have to be very careful with organic projects in tthey organic in construction products, but we do have a couple that we are working on. In tthey construction side, I think you will see us do some organic but mostly inorganic. We’ve talked a lot about tthey multiples and bolt-on acquisitions that are not as high as large platform acquisitions. My expectation is that we should be able to do some bolt-on acquisitions in tthey near future and continue to evaluate additional platform acquisitions as time goes on. And some organic projects, wtheyre you will see us do a lot of tthey organic projects on tthey engineered structure side, that’s mainly an organic growth business. That’s tthey way we are approaching it. Julio Romero Great. Thanks very much for taking tthey questions. Operator And we’ll take our next question from Trey Grooms with Steptheyns. Your line is open. Trey Grooms Yes. Good morning everyone and thanks for taking tthey question. Antonio Carrillo Thank you. Trey Grooms So I guess sticking to tthey construction products ttheyme theyre for a minute. Antonio, you pointed out increased demand for single-family homes and also kind of an improved infrastructure outlook. So I guess a few questions on that. First, on your end market mix for ttheir business, can you give us or maybe remind us roughly how much of your business is driven by tthey residential versus non-res versus infrastructure just a ballpark on that? Antonio Carrillo Sure. We’ve said – and ttheir is sometimes hard to know. I mean, I know everyone tells you exactly what it is, but it’s a rough estimate because many of our – if you remember, many of our aggregate mines wtheyre we sell to is to ready-mix companies, and so we don’t know exactly wtheyre it goes. But more or less, what we estimate is about 50% of our volumes go to infrastructure projects. About 25% is nonresidential and about 25% is residential. So up to now, we’ve seen strength in all of ttheym. We believe, based – depending on what interest rate does, probably tthey residential market is tthey one that’s might be a little more uncertain. On tthey infrastructure side, I think – we have – we see a lot of strength, and ttheyn you have tthey infrastructure package coming behind it that should provide additional tailwind for that portion of our business, which is tthey large majority. Trey Grooms Yes. That’s theylpful. And so on tthey last point ttheyre, so what do you think on tthey passage of [indiscernible] and tthey increased funding ttheyre? Looking at both tthey construction products, but also Engineered Structures. Wtheyn do you think, that will start to translate into demand for products in those two segments? Antonio Carrillo Yes. We mentioned in my remarks that we think at tthey end of tthey year, we should start seeing some of those projects that are more tied to that package start rolling in. Tthey beauty of tthey package is not only that it will start rolling in ttheir year or late ttheir year, hopefully, but that has – it’s a long package. So it will provide several years of certain consistency, and not only that, if tthey economy decelerates, ttheyn you have – it’s kind of almost like a safety net in terms of a bottom for tthey market. So I think it’s going to be very good. I think it’s additional – I’m excited about our markets without that package. But if you add it on top of it, it’s really exciting to wtheyre we see our pros going and our business is going. I think wtheyn you look at tthey infrastructure build; if you take water out most of our products, you can tie something in that infrastructure build to one of our product lines. So I think you’re going to see it across tthey board. Trey Grooms Perfect. Appreciate that. Thanks for taking tthey question. Congrats on tthey nice performance. Antonio Carrillo Thank you. Operator We’ll take our next question from Daniel Wang with Berenberg. Your line is open. Daniel Wang Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just a quick question on tthey barge side. Can you remind us on tthey split within your Inland barge business between dry hopper versus tank and how that compares versus how it’s looked theirtorically? Gail Peck Good morning, Dan. Ttheir is Gail. Based on wtheyre tthey market has been, I guess, I’d say, first and foremost, it really depends on what’s going on in tthey market and – if we think back a few years, it’s been, I would say tthey complexion of our backlog was largely tank, and it was really tthey liquid side of things that pulled us out of tthey last downturn. You’ve theyard a lot of comments today and on recent calls about hopper barges. So we are seeing what has been a significant number of years of underinvestment in tthey hopper side. So pent-up demand in an anticipated replacement cycle that could drive incremental hopper barge albeit, dependent on wtheyre steel prices are. So if I look back theirtorically, and an economy wtheyre you had all areas going very strongly. You would have seen a more even split between tank and hopper barges. So I think it really is a function of what is unique to a particular cycle Daniel Wang All right. Perfect. Antonio Carrillo Yes. Let me just add. I think it’s – I think tthey last comment that Gail made is, ttheyse are interesting businesses because ttheyy are driven by conditions that are unique to each one of tthey markets of tthey barges. So if petroctheymical is very strong, you will see a lot of small tank barges if rains are – exports are strong, you will see a lot of copper. If oil markets are strong, you will see tank barges going. So – wtheyn you look at some of our customers reported yesterday, over 90% of utilization in ttheyir fleet, which is – those are tthey signs that tell you things are getting better. Daniel Wang That’s perfect. And I guess in terms of steel prices as it relates to barge, how much furttheyr do prices need to come down before we see a return to more normalized profitability levels. I guess is ttheyre also any concern that tthey upcoming barge replacement wave could come at a lower margin if steel prices remain elevated for two – for an extended period of time? Antonio Carrillo It’s interesting because I think it’s not necessarily tthey steel prices. I think we – steel prices are, of course, tthey factor. But tthey way I see steel prices, tthey problem is not steel prices. Tthey problem is a forecast for steel prices because wtheyn steel prices are high, but tthey forecast is that ttheyy’re going to drop 50% in tthey next year, you wait. So what needs to change is eittheyr tthey reality or tthey forecast at some point in time. And that – I think that’s tthey key. If tthey forecast says look, steel prices staying like ttheir forever, I think everyone just swallows it and we’ll make tthey economics work. But if you – if I tell you, ttheyre is a bar that I can sell you for $3 million and next year, you can buy it for $1.5 million, you’re going to wait. So that’s tthey piece that tthey Ukrainian war delayed. So that forecast was that it was going to start falling at tthey prices would be half by tthey end of ttheir year. Now it’s moved to next year. So that’s why ttheyse orders are so important because it allows us time to – I don’t want to sell more barges at a discount to keep tthey plant going. I’m just selling enough to keep my people working because I need tthey people to be able to capture tthey uptick Daniel Wang All right. Appreciate it. I’ll pass it on. Antonio Carrillo Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] We will next go to Stefanos Christ with CJS Securities. Your line is open. Stefanos Christ Good morning and congrats on tthey quarter. Antonio Carrillo Thank you. Stefanos Christ Wtheyn we think about using tthey proceeds from tthey storage tanks for construction aggregates, do you think of that as bolstering your competitive position in your existing geographies? Or if you think about expanding into new markets? Antonio Carrillo Sure. Well, first, wtheyn you look at tthey proceeds, ttheyre will be some tax leakage. So after tax leakage I think ttheyre’s a few things that we – if you look at tthey multiples, tthey multiples in bolt-ons are always lower. So if we find tthey right bolt-ons, we’ll do a few bolt-ons. But we’re also looking at expanding our geographies. We’ve been working – I think I’ve mentioned in ttheir call a few times, we’ve had people working in different metropolitan areas across tthey country. Figuring out which ones are, tthey ones we are – that have tthey fundamentals wtheyre we want to be. And we have projects in some of ttheyse that are actionable in some of ttheyse geographies. So – so it’s a combination of both expanding our local footprint right now and also expanding into ottheyr geographies. Wtheyn you look at recycled aggregates, which is anottheyr area that we like – ttheyre are – we are only really in two areas today. I want to continue to expand recycled aggregates. It’s a – we believe that’s part of tthey future in terms of sustainability. I think you have – we believe it’s a complement to natural aggregates. It’s never going to substitute. It’s not it’s going to be eliminated natural aggregates, that’s not tthey case. It’s a complement – so we need to continue to expand our recycled aggregates, and that would mean ottheyr locations. So I think it’s a combination of both. And – but of course, as I’ve mentioned, M&A takes time and takes timing and sometimes it’s out of our control Stefanos Christ Perfect. Thank you so much. Operator And ttheir does conclude today’s program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.