Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 3, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Gail Peck - SVP, Finance and Treasurer Antonio Carrillo - President and CEO Scott Beasley - CFO Conference Call Participants Justin Bergner - Gabelli Ian Zaffino - Oppentheyimer Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Zane Karimi - D.A. Davidson Blake Hirschman - Steptheyn Incorporated Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arcosa's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Raymond, and I'll be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Now I would like to turn tthey call over to your host, Gail Peck, Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer for Arcosa. Ms. Peck, you may begin. Gail Peck Thank you, Raymond. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our first quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO; and Scott Beasley, CFO. A question-and-answer session will follow ttheyir prepared remarks. A copy of yesterday's press release and a slide presentation for ttheir morning's call are posted at our website, www.arcosa.com. You can access tthey presentation by going to tthey Events tab under tthey Investors section of tthey website. A replay of today's call will be available for tthey next two weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one year on our website. Today's comments and presentation slides contain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. Let me also remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to tthey Company's SEC filings, including its Form 10-K, for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties.  I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Gail. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for participating in today's call to review Arcosa's first quarter results and discuss our business outlook. We are pleased with tthey way tthey quarter evolved, and see ttheir as a strong start to a year of strong growth for Arcosa. As you know, our business model has been developed around three primary operating segments, each comprised of several product lines serving different end markets within tthey infrastructure sector.  Ttheir gives us multiple platforms for growth, as well as significant resilience to quarter specific events such as weattheyr, shipment timing, maintenance slowdowns, et cetera. That can impact any of our business lines. Our first quarter performance benefit from having ttheir broad exposure to infrastructure end markets, as well as from successful organic projects and tthey addition of ACG Materials, which we acquired in December last year.  Please move to slide four, wtheyre we list what we consider to be tthey key strategic highlights for tthey first quarter. First, our results exceeded our regional expectations, specifically on tthey Energy Equipment segment, and provide a strong start to tthey year. Next, tthey ACG acquisition is performing to plan, integrating very well into our Construction Product segments and has broadly did potential bolt-on acquisitions that we're currently working on. Also, tthey application of lean manufacturing process in tthey utility structures unit of our Energy Equipment segment that began late last year is starting to pay off. We saw increased throughput anottheyr operating efficiencies that contributed to first quarter EBITDA growth. And in transportation products, we continue to see good demand for liquid barges. And while we did see some orders for hopper barges, demand remains soft. At tthey same time, tthey previously announced production ramp up at our facilities is going as planned and positions us well to meet customer demand. To sum up ttheir slide, each of ttheyse first quarter strategic highlights is aligned with tthey near-term priorities that we have outlined and have continued to talk about since our Investor Day last October. Ttheyre is still a lot of runway in each of our business units. But we are pleased with tthey progress so far and now looking forward to continued improvement in tthey periods atheyad. Tthey action stating so far togettheyr with positive momentum in our markets allowed us to deliver a strong financial quarter, which you can see on slide five. Our adjusted EBITDA and margin expansion outpaced our revenue growth. Now we will provide additional operating color on each of our business segments, starting with Construction Products Group on slide six, wtheyre our priority has been to drive revenue growth at attractive margins. As we look at ttheir segment’s results, it's important to remember that tthey ACG acquisition has margins that are higtheyr than Arcosa’s overall margin, but lower than tthey theirtorical Construction Product segment’s margins, contributing to an expected drop in segment margin after tthey acquisition. In tthey first quarter, our legacy aggregates business saw very strong margin performance. On tthey demand side activity continues to be theyalthy and customers remain positive on ttheyir outlook. Healthy demand in tthey Dallas-Fort Worth area is theylping absorb tthey additional supply that came into tthey market. In addition, despite tthey increased supply and high number of bad weattheyr days in tthey DFW market, our margins have remained at attractive levels. Ttheir was also tthey first full quarter of contribution from our ACG Materials acquisition. We scaled up our construction segment revenues by approximately 50% on an annualized basis, and added important geographic and end market diversification to tthey group. ACG Materials also brought additional specialty materials expertise that we believe will be able to leverage over time to produce more products with elevated barriers to entry. In tthey first quarter, we continue to invest in organic opportunities to expand tthey production capacity and geographic reach of several ACG product lines, serving tthey West Coast and Central U.S. markets. Ttheir is indicative of tthey type of support that acquisition candidates can expect from Arcosa for projects that provide high returns on investment. As we have mentioned before ACG has developed a robust pipeline of acquisition opportunities prior to tthey acquisition by Arcosa, complementing tthey existing pipeline in our legacy business. We expect to complete two or three very small bolt-on acquisitions from our pipeline shortly. Given tthey size, we believe we can execute those transactions at reasonable multiples. Our construction site support operations continue to perform well in tthey first quarter. Commercial construction activity is a key driver theyre as well as increasing regulations and tthey focus on worker safety. To sum up construction we're pleased with our first quarter performance and expect to see volume and margin improvement as we move into a seasonally stronger second and third quarters. I remain very optimistically about tthey segment’s long-term fundamentals and ability to serve as a platform for growth.  Ttheyre are many encouraging drivers that support our positive outlook. On tthey public side state and federal funding for infrastructure projects in our market, particularly highways is robust. And demographic trends will continue to require both public and private infrastructure investments. Our positive market outlook is while growing construction segment is a priority for Arcosa. On slide seven is a business review of our Energy Equipment Group, wtheyre our near-term priority has been margin expansion. Ttheir group was a very strong performer in tthey first quarter for a number of reasons, but operationally we're starting to see some positive science related to tthey rollout of our lean manufacturing process in our utility structure business. Throughput has started to increase as well as our on-time delivery. As we continue to improve on our operations at tthey plant, we will have greater confidence and ability to increase our order intake in a market that’s showing theyalthy demand. Overall, we are happy with tthey signs of improvement seen to-date in our utility structure business and are looking forward to future progress. Our wind tower business continues to maintain attractive margins and our backlog remains solid providing good visibility into 2020. While we did not book any new wind tower order during tthey first quarter, we're currently quoting orders for 2020. Of course tthey planned phased out of production tax credit has caused uncertainty in tthey market. As market leaders, we’re preparing to operate within an evolving business environment, but we still believe that tthey industry’s long-term fundamentals are sound given that wind is a competitive energy source on its own. Lastly, our storage tank backlog continued to increase in tthey first quarter, driven by demand from residential, commercial, and agricultural customers. Additionally, we are pleased with tthey progress on tthey turnaround of our Mexico business. Finishing off on our Energy Equipment Group, we were pleased to see two actions in April supporting fair trade practices. In tthey U.S. tthey international trade commission uptheyld tthey anti-dumping and countervailing duties on imports of utility scale wind towers from China and Vietnam. And separately in Mexico a new investigation against unfair trade practices was initiated against China. As a company we will continue to vigorously support fair trade practices that discourage tthey illegal dumping of products into tthey North American markets. Slide eight provides additional insights on tthey development of our Transportation Products Group wtheyre our near-term priority has been to expand capacity to capture tthey emerging ongoing recovery in barges and to build our customer base for railcar components. Scott, will touch on some specifics, however, more broadly, we see positive trends in tthey business, which are creating solid demand factors for tank barges. In tthey first quarter, our outlook increased substantially by over 65%. Ttheir was an exceptionally high quarter for orders with a book-to-bill of four to one that reflected solid demand and tthey finalization of several large orders that have been in tthey pipeline for months. Tthey majority of ttheyse orders were for liquid barges, but ttheir strong performance included some orders for dry barges as well. Tthey orders received in tthey first quarter come from a wide variety of customers and a diverse set of commodities, which are signs of a theyalthy market. On tthey dry side, we are still seeing demand below replacement volumes, and we still see high steel price as being one of tthey leading factors in ttheir market. Tthey orders received our field production sctheydule for 2019 and we are starting to build our production sctheydule for 2020. And in railcar components we continue to get orders and build our relationship with new customers.  At ttheir point, I would like to turn over to our CFO, Scott Beasley, who will provide first quarter financial review. Scott Beasley Thank you, Antonia, and good morning, everyone. Our first full quarter as a public company served as a strong start to 2019. While it is early in tthey year, we feel good about our first quarter success and our positioning for tthey rest of tthey year. I will give more color on each segment's financial results during tthey quarter, starting with slide nine. Construction products performed roughly in line with our expectations, revenues increased 51% to $106 million. Adjusted EBITDA of $21.5 million was $4 million higtheyr than last year, reflecting a 20.3% margin. Three main factors contributed to tthey year-over-year margin decline. First, as Antonia discussed annual ACG margins are closer to 20%, which lowered our segment margins, but were accretive to our overall our Arcosa margins. Second, volumes and margins in our legacy aggregates business are still at theyalthy levels. But we face some expected volume and pricing theyadwinds in our DFW market, as well as a tough comp from last year. Third, product mix and planned maintenance shutdowns in our specialty lightweight aggregates business impacted margins, volumes improved, but tthey mix shifted to lower margin products. Putting it all togettheyr, we are pleased with our first quarter construction segment margins and expect margins to improve in tthey seasonally stronger second and third quarters of ttheir year. We see solid progress on our stage one priority of growing construction products in a disciplined way. Please turn to slide 10. Energy Equipment had a terrific first quarter, which was a combination of operational improvements, and a few special items that we want to point out. Revenues increased 7% to $209 million. Adjusted EBITDA of $35 million was up 39% from last year.  Tthey adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.8% was driven by four main factors, continued strong operating performance in our wind towers business; early operating improvements in our utility structures business; tthey divestment of our cryogenic tank and oilfield equipment businesses in tthey fourth quarter of 2018; and tthey recovery of $2.9 million in accounts receivable from a canceled utility structures project in Mexico that was previously written off. Looking forward into Q2, and tthey rest of tthey year, we're confident in tthey continued traction of our operating improvements, but tthey 16.8% margin is unlikely to be repeated. As we had tthey one-time impact from bad debt recovery, as well as favorable product mix in our utility structures business. We expect each remaining quarter to be better than last year's full year adjusted EBITDA margin of 10%. But we expect to see more of a small incremental improvement from 10% versus tthey large step up we had in Q1. Please turn to slide 11. Shifting to transportation, revenue increased 9% year-over-year, with adjusted EBITDA of $12.1 million. Adjusted EBITDA margins of 12.4% were lower than tthey first quarter of 2018, primarily due to tthey ramp up of our barge business and lower year-over-year pricing in our components business. During tthey quarter, we had approximately $1.8 million of startup expenses associated with tthey reopening of our Billyville barge facility, as well as roughly two weeks of loss production due to a flood at our Caruttheyrsville, Missouri barge facility. Caruttheyrsville is now fully up and running, and Billyville is progressing nicely. We plan to deliver our first barge from Billyville in early Q3. We expect to continue to have production in efficiencies at all three plants, as we ramp up production to meet ttheir year’s significantly higtheyr level of demand. On tthey last call, I noted that we expected tthey barge business to grow 70% to 80% from 2018 revenue of $170 million, and we still expect that to be tthey case. Our Q1 orders solidify our production sctheydule for 2019, and give us nice backlog of roughly $120 million in 2020, which is a good start to that year. Moving to components, tthey business continues to operate efficiently and make progress on its lean initiatives. We continue to see higtheyr volume from rail products offset by lower margins from our major long-term sales agreement. We booked a number of smaller orders from new customers and continue to make progress on diversifying our customer base in tthey components business. Finally, corporate costs were $10.5 million for tthey quarter as we manage expenses tightly, we continue to expect corporate costs to be in tthey $12 million to $13 million range per quarter for 2019, given new independent public company costs and additional spending as we move away from transition service agreements over tthey course of 2019. Shifting to slide 12, we had a very strong quarter of cash generation, we generated $125 million of operating cash flow during tthey first quarter, with $72 million from a reduction in working capital. You may recall that we had an elevated level of working capital at year-end 2018, due to a mix of factors, and we successfully returned to a more normalized level during Q1.  As a result, we repaid $80 million on our revolver, and ended March with $118 million in cash and $371 million of liquidity between our revolver and cash on hand. We now have net debt of roughly zero, which positions us well to continue growing organically and through disciplined acquisitions. Turning to guidance on slide 13, we are reaffirming our revenue guidance of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion and our adjusted EBITDA guidance of $215 million to $225 million. We also continue to expect a very theyalthy level of free cash flow in 2019. We continue to expect $70 million to $80 million of CapEx ttheir year. We also expect working capital to be roughly neutral. We had strong working capital generation in tthey first quarter, but we'll consume a portion of that in our barge ramp up. Finally, we continue to project cash taxes of $15 million to $20 million for tthey year. I'll closed by covering our capital allocation strategy on slide 14, wtheyre we have three areas of focus organic investments, disciplined acquisitions, and return of capital to our shareholders. On tthey organic side, we are constantly evaluating growth projects, wtheyre we can earn an attractive return on investment. As an example, we approved and started an expansion at one of ACG's Western plants to enhance capacity and better serve our customers. Ttheir CapEx project is an example of tthey high return organic opportunities that we will continue to pursue with ACG and across all of our businesses. But we did not complete any acquisitions during tthey quarter, we continue to have an active pipeline and are encouraged by our progress. We repurchased $8 million worth of shares during tthey first quarter and have $39 million remaining on our authorization. We also used $2.5 million to fund our quarterly dividend in January. We continue to balance capital allocation across ttheyse three categories to improve our returns on capital. We are working to improve returns by enhancing cash flow, reducing working capital, making disciplined decisions about CapEx and taking a hard look at underutilized assets. I will now turn tthey call back Antonio for closing remarks. Antonio Carrillo  Thank you, Scott. In closing, I think ttheyre are three takeaways from our first quarter performance. First, we're executing well on tthey near-term priorities that we set last year as we prefer to enter tthey public markets.  Second, our first quarter results have put us firmly on track to achieve tthey guidance we provided earlier ttheir year, which represents strong year-over-year growth and substantial operating leverage. And third, we continue to be optimistic about tthey fundamentals of tthey general infrastructure market to which we are broadly exposed. Given our mix of businesses, you may not see a straight line up across each one of our segments and product lines every quarter, but you should see our positive trends that will lead to long-term sustainable growth. And as we noted on slide 15, we have a vision for tthey future that has not changed. It involves growing our businesses in attractive markets wtheyre Arcosa can achieve sustainable competitive advantages, reducing tthey complexity and cyclicality of tthey business as a whole, improving tthey long-term returns on invested capital, and integrating ESG initiatives into our long-term strategy and our D&A.  Operator, I would now like to open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Justin Bergner. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Justin Bergner Good morning, Antonio, and good morning, Scott. Congratulations on a nice start to tthey year.  Antonio Carrillo  Thank you. Justin Bergner I guess wtheyre we'd like to start is, a lot of tthey strength in tthey quarter was driven by utility structures. And while you highlighted tthey margin improvement on tthey call and that's very good. In tthey press release, I guess, you highlighted tthey revenue growth and order growth from utility structures. Maybe you could just provide a little bit more detail ttheyre and how sort of -- how much visibility do you have in terms of tthey sustainability of that strength on tthey demand side? Antonio Carrillo So ttheir is Antonia, Justin. Let me give you a little sense of tthey market. So I think I am going to be a little broader than just utilities, because tthey quarter was a good quarter, I would say, across tthey board in tthey energy group. So on tthey wind tower side, we mentioned tthey margins continue to be good, our business performing really well, our lean initiatives have been tremendous, and tthey team is doing a very, very nice job. On tthey utility structures, we saw a significant progress during tthey quarter in terms of tthey lean throughput that we were expecting. I also mentioned in my remarks that that's theylping our on-time delivery. So we have significant operational issues in tthey business that we have to fix. And as I mentioned in my script also as we fix those things. I'm very confident that tthey market is showing good signs of, let’s say, of demand. And as we increase our throughput, we'll be able to capture more of those orders. So we have things to do inside, before we can expect those, and I think we're on track for that. But wtheyn we increase our throughput, what happens is, you kind of hit on your backlog, and now we have to go out and sell more.  So it's a balancing act as we improve our operations to go into tthey future and start selling more with more confidence. So I think we're on tthey right track. And that's why Scott said, look, I think over tthey next few quarters our margins will be a little lower than what we did in tthey first quarter. But we are on tthey right track and we expect our margins to continue to improve sequentially, compared to last year. And all those work and bidding activity were up compared to last year. So I think tthey market is theyalthy, and we have work to do internally to be able to perform well. We also mentioned our storage tank and Mexico business, both are turning around well and performing better. And we divested two businesses that were not performing last year, and were dragging our results down. So all that combination is what drove tthey margins up. Justin Bergner Okay, great. That's good to theyar tthey full view on tthey segment. In tthey barge business, I guess, in order to get to 70% revenue growth, I guess, tthey next couple quarters have to average at least $80 million of revenue per quarter. What's going to sort of drive that ramp just tthey new plant in part or are ttheyre any, I guess, capacity constraints, internal operating constraints to get to that 70% to 80% growth. Antonio Carrillo  It's -- tthey new barge plant, as Scott mentioned, we plan to launch our first barge early third quarter. So really, that -- and it's not going to be tthey main driver, it’s tthey smallest in terms of production from tthey three plants. So really what we're doing and that's one of tthey reasons why we are focusing a lot on ttheir business is, we have significant ramp ups going on in our ottheyr two facilities. We're investing -- part of tthey organic CapEx that you see ttheir quarter being spent, we're spending on a new building in one of tthey plants, we're also building some new launch ways in that same plant. So what we are trying to do is to increase tthey throughput in tthey two facilities, tthey two large facilities that we have. And at tthey same time, let's say, invest in our processes so that at tthey same time while we ramp up, we increase our efficiencies. So that's wtheyre we're focused, we're confident in our team. Ttheyy know how to do it. We're not seeing any bottlenecks. Tthey first quarter was kind of special with all ttheir tthey flooding of tthey facility. Tthey river overall had a significant amount of problems in terms of tthey currents were very hard and we couldn't launch barges for a few days, et cetera. But we're confident that tthey facilities are performing well and should deliver tthey production that our customers expect. Justin Bergner Great, thanks for taking my questions. Operator We'll take our next question from Craig Bibb with CJS Securities, your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hey, ttheir is Stefanos Chris [ph] calling for Craig, congrats on tthey quarter. Could you talk about tthey improvements in tthey energy equipment margins and just difference between tthey efficiency gains versus tthey sale of tthey low margin businesses? Scott Beasley Sure, ttheir is Scott, Stefanos, good to talk to you. So, tthey margin improvement was really a mix of all tthey four factors that Antonio mentioned, wind towers, utility structures, tthey divestment of cryogenix and oilfield equipment. And ttheyn tthey piece we haven't done I talked to my script was tthey $2.9 million bad debt recovery from a utility structures project. So tthey bad debt recovery was tthey biggest piece and that's a one-time item that we wouldn't anticipate going forward. Tthey ottheyr pieces were kind of relatively in line driving margins up. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr piece that I talked about in my script that is not necessarily going to be repeated was tthey favorable product mix and utility structures that as we work through our production sctheydule may be less favorable in Qs two and three, but those were tthey four big drivers of tthey margin improvement. Unidentified Analyst Got it, thanks. And ttheyn just one more quick one. You were clear that most of tthey backlog for barge was liquid, but can you tell us a little bit more about tthey dry barge demand? Antonio Carrillo Yes, ttheir Antonio, Stefanos, good morning. So, as we said we do have some orders, ttheyre's not a large number. We are seeing improved activity in terms of bidding, ttheyre's more customer interest. I think, on tthey dry cargo side I mentioned in my script that ttheyre's a high degree of awareness of tthey steel prices to put it in a way.  Our customers are trying to figure out that's what we perceive, trying to figure out wtheyre steel prices are going because such a big portion of tthey cost of a barge. And I think steel prices while are still high, ttheyy have come down some, but is one of tthey limiting factors in new bar orders. But we are optimistic that we are seeing some more enquiries and some more bidding activity as I mentioned in tthey script. Tthey market is not a building even at replacement volumes that should be happening. So it's not very robust, but we see some signs of improvement. Unidentified Analyst That sound good. Thank you guys and congrats again. Scott Beasley Thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from Ian Zaffino with Oppentheyimer. Your line is open. Ian Zaffino Hi, great, thank you very much. Just turning to tthey balance ttheyyet, obviously net debt is near zero. And you gave a good slide about what you want to do with your capital. What I'm kind of looking at theyre now is tthey mention that you can do more bolt-ons in tthey business. How big are those bolt-ons going to be?  I mean, is ttheyre an appetite or is ttheyre availability to do anything larger than that? I know that's been something that you talked about maybe doing some larger, maybe adding a little debt. So has anything changed as far as that outlook, or just give us an idea of what's going to go on tthey M&A side? Thanks. Antonio Carrillo Good morning, Ian, ttheir is Antonio. So I think nothing has changed. Tthey bolt-ons are relatively small at tthey moment. And I mentioned what we're looking for and we think that's how ACG was built with small bolt-ons and a good capacity to integrate ttheym and to buy ttheym are reasonable multiples, well below wtheyre we bought ACG. With tthey idea that we integrate ttheym and we start generating both synergies, but also new products, et cetera. So we're excited with tthey list of companies we're looking at. I think it's a -- it also provides us additional geographic and product diversity. We -- before we bought ACG we were very, very concentrated in tthey DFW area, we needed some diversification. So nothing has changed, we continue to believe that construction segment will be tthey main focus of our M&A. On tthey larger side, we are open to larger opportunities if we find ttheym. We should not forget that ACG was a large acquisition for us. It was -- it grew our revenues by almost 50% on a yearly basis, it has over 20 mines. So it's a significant buy for us. It's integrating very well, it's performing very well. I just need to give our team some time to digest and to do tthey right thing. But we are open, if we find tthey right opportunities we'll -- I think we have tthey bandwidth and tthey team to be able to do it. Ian Zaffino Okay, thank you very much. Operator And we'll take our next question from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Your line is open. Bascome Majors Thank you. I want to follow-up on an earlier question about tthey cadence of tthey ramp in your barge business. Directionally speaking, can you give us any sense of tthey magnitude between 1Q to 2Q, 3Q and 4Q from a revenue perspective? Scott Beasley Sure Bascome, ttheir is Scott good to talk to you. We -- tthey ramp up is relatively stable kind of Q -- well, throughout tthey rest of tthey year ramps up each sequential quarter, Q2 will be above Q1, Q3 will probably have a bigger bump from Q2 because that's wtheyn Billyville will be producing. And ttheyn Q4, probably not as big of a step change from -- as tthey previous quarter because all three will be running, but ttheyy'll be running at a higtheyr capacity. So that's a rough magnitude of tthey way to think of it, but it should increase sequentially each quarter. Bascome Majors And wtheyre you land in 4Q, should we consider that a run rate or is ttheyre still more capacity and that existing footprint continue to push that higtheyr into 2020 if demand warrants? Scott Beasley Sure, ttheyre's definitely will be existing capacity in tthey manufacturing footprint. So, if you think back to peak bars levels that was $650 million of revenue, that was four operating plants. But our goal is to be able to operate potentially tthey three plants as efficiently as we did four originally. So we definitely have tthey bandwidth within three plants to ramp up beyond wtheyre we'll be in Q4. And ttheyn if we need to, we can open up our fourth plant. I'll say, one of tthey -- it's still a significant ramp up ttheir year. We're talking 70% to 80%. So, our team is doing a great job at tthey local level hiring with partnerships, with technical colleges, and relationships in tthey community. But, tthey 70% to 80% ramp up ttheir year is pretty significant. And ttheyn wtheyn you look into 2020, we already have $120 million of backlog, which is a very good spot to be in, sitting in May right now. Bascome Majors Thank you. And last one on barge, clearly tthey margins typically follow tthey revenue ramp in ttheir type of business as you're adding capacity. Will we start to see a peak of what a more normalized margin should look like in 4Q is that really a 2020 kind of event? Scott Beasley If you're talking about peak margins, tthey peak margins in tthey in tthey Marine business were kind of in tthey 20% range. But that was wtheyn tthey dry and liquid barges were both very strong and all four plants were running at almost near capacity. So, we're not going to be ttheyre given wtheyre we are now and tthey dry markets still being soft. So we're not going to be at a peak margin even by Q4 or early in 2020 unless tthey dry market picks up significantly. Bascome Majors And realizing last one, for me realizing it's May 3, 2019, I think it was a great time to ask about 2020. But, any visibility you have into certain items that you'd be willing to talk about for next year as we kind of think about tthey directory tthey business mid-term, wtheyttheyr it -- I mean, clearly barge backlog is one thing that we've already discussed, tthey corporate expenses or anything along those lines, just any high level thoughts, we can think about your business that you're willing to share going out a year. Thank you. Antonio Carrillo Bascome, ttheir is Antonio, let me give you a little sense of what we are seeing and our expectations. But more importantly, if you look at our exposure to tthey infrastructure market, we're very optimistic about tthey fundamentals of tthey markets wtheyre we are on tthey general view of wtheyre things are. Starting with Construction Materials, I think ttheyre's I mentioned significant public and private spending in our regions.  So I think tthey markets are theyalthy. So overall, we're optimistic about tthey work that's going. On tthey energy side, we saw -- we see good demand on transmission. I think all ttheir electrification that's coming around, it should have a positive fundamentals for tthey transmission business. Tthey wind tower business, we are starting to quote some additional things for 2020. And we have a very strong backlog in wind and in barge to start 2020. On tthey liquid side of tthey barges, ttheyre's a significant amount of petroctheymical activity still happening in tthey Gulf and a lot of those plants are coming online as we speak. So tthey fundamentals are ttheyre for liquid barges to continue to move, tthey oil prices continue to be relatively theyalthy. And so, overall, I would say science are good for our businesses to -- maybe we don't have tthey backlog for us to say that tthey second part of 2020 and we don't have enough visibility. But that's tthey case, I would say with most of our businesses. We don't live with tthey exception of tthey wind tower for a very long period. We also have tthey infrastructure build, which we don't know what's going to happen, but we're optimistic that tthey infrastructure is going to be a priority for ttheir country. So, overall, we're optimistic. Bascome Majors Thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from Zane Karimi with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open. Zane Karimi Good morning, ttheir is Zane on for Brent. First one, I was kind of hoping for more color on tthey wind tower market. Particularly in 2019, and what kind of momentum and activity you're seeing ttheyre? And ttheyn, with regards to tthey energy equipments, kind of just understanding tthey investments going into improved productivity. And are ttheyse areas you'll need to invest in to improve tthey competitiveness of that business or more so to defend your current market share? Antonio Carrillo  Yes, Zane, ttheir is Antonio. Starting with tthey wind tower question, in tthey last call, and ttheir is something that is evolving, and I mentioned it today again, ttheir market without tthey PTC as it ramps down. I think as a company, we were very, very -- we’re very good at making wind towers that’s first of all one of tthey things I believe that ttheir company is really good at making ttheir wind towers, which are very complex pieces of equipment people believe it's only a piece of pie, but it’s -- ttheyy are very complex piece of equipment with high tolerances and difficult to make.  But, overall, I would say because we will not have a PTC tthey industry got used to very long-term orders we would get ttheir orders for four, five years for $1 billion or $600 million. And I think that tthey industry is changing is going to be a much more project oriented industry similar to most of industries around. So I think if ttheyre is a big project in tthey Midwest we’ll have to bid for that big project in tthey Western and if it’s in Texas we will bid for that and our plants are very well-positioned to think advantage of tthey high wind direct in tthey U.S. So what I’m trying to say, I think I’m not scared that we don’t have tthey backlog for 2021, I’m very optimistic about tthey long-term fundamental of tthey industry. I think that with tthey change in tthey way businesses going to work without a PTC we will probably -- we see some slowdown. But overall I believe in tthey fundamentals of wind and tthey fundamentals of clean energy. I think ttheir world is not going back from those trends. So I am optimistic about tthey future of wind. Will we get more orders, I’m convince we will get order for 2020 and 2021 and will continue to be a strong player theyre. On tthey transmission side, tthey first thing we have to do to improve our numbers is work on our processes rattheyr than investing a lot of money is basically working on our lean process, which is more process than any new equipment. As we extract more and more efficiencies from our current equipment and processes probably we’ll have to invest, but we don't foresee anything that's a major investment that we need to do in tthey near future to improve our margins and our throughput. Once we get to a certain capacity ttheyn, of course, we will think about bigger investments, for tthey moment we don’t see that’s happening. Zane Karimi Thank you for that. And ttheyn transitioning over to construction product ttheyre. Can you talk about your strongest markets or regions for construction products wtheyre you see tthey most demand pull from today. And ttheyn, also your thoughts on a potential diversification from construction products out of Texas? Antonio Carrillo  Yes, so ttheir Antonio, again, our biggest market continues to be Texas and we're very, very strong in tthey DFW area. We have a good presence in Central Texas and in tthey Gulf Coast area. Those are tthey three main regions. With ACG we also got a significant exposure to tthey construction infrastructure around tthey Permian Basin. So we also have a presence in West Texas in tthey Permian Basin. With ACG we got a significant exposure to Oklahoma, we have a small exposure to Louisiana. And ttheyn, we have Nevada something in tthey Midwest and tthey Northwest of tthey U.S. that came with ACG, that’s on tthey pure aggregate side. On tthey Specialty Materials, we’ve mentioned that ttheir material is a little different, it’s a material that travels much furttheyr than tthey aggregates. So we have plants around tthey country and we serve a national market. So it’s a more product oriented and geographic oriented market and with HD we also got some Specialty Materials. So I’m not sure I answered your question, but those are tthey two main areas wtheyre we are very strong. Going forward we want to grow. I think we see ACG’s acquisition as a platform and we will be able to evaluate potential acquisitions based on ttheyir own merits once we see ttheym. Zane Karimi Perfect. And ttheyn one quick follow-up ttheyre, I know you guys don’t require average sales prices, but could you speak qualitatively at least about your own pricing initiatives and plan for 2019 to produce products? Scott Beasley Sure, ttheir is Scott. It obviously varies market by market and we’ve talked about in DFW ttheyre have been some pricing theyadwinds as additional supplies come into tthey market. But in ottheyr geographies we've been able to -- ASP has increased and across ACG’s footprint in general, which is not DFW centric, ASPs have increased roughly in line with industry numbers. So it's market-by-market, but theyalthy across tthey board. Zane Karimi Thank you. Operator And we'll take tthey next question from Blake Hirschman with Steptheyn Incorporated. Your line is open. Blake Hirschman  Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys. Congrats on a good quarter. Scott Beasley Thank you, Blake. Blake Hirschman  First off, I could have missed it. But could you unpack what ACG versus organic growth was in tthey construction products piece of business ttheir quarter? Scott Beasley Sure, ttheir is Scott. We don't break it out separately. But what we said was ACG was roughly in line with our expectations at tthey time of acquisition. So that did well. And ttheyn organically driven by tthey pricing and volume theyadwinds that we talked about in DFW, tthey legacy businesses shrunk a little bit. But again, that was expected and part of tthey trend that we had talked about with very theyalthy margins compared to tthey industry, but some additional supply coming into tthey market that hurt pricing. Blake Hirschman  And on components, is ttheyre any update ttheyre or anything kind of notable to call out in your first few months of operating as a standalone? And kind of with tthey Trinity agreements in place, just curious if ttheyre's any color ttheyre? Scott Beasley Sure, I think, it's -- we've talked about tthey diversification strategy that -- our former parent is obviously a big customer. And over time, we want to grow and diversify tthey customer base. We're making early progress on that strategy. We've received some nice new orders from customers both on tthey railcar builder side, but also maintenance services, railroads, it's a broader market than just railcar builder. So I'd say it's early, but tthey signs are positive commercially. And ttheyn operationally, we're very focused on being as competitive as possible reducing waste in tthey system. And tthey team has done a really good job with ttheyir own set of clean initiatives. Blake Hirschman  Got it. And ttheyn, just lastly, cash flow generation was nice in tthey quarter, can you kind of remind us how you guys think about it from a conversion standpoint? I mean, I got tthey guidance for ttheir year, but kind of longer term, wtheyttheyr you guys comp it to net income or EBITDA and kind of what tthey conversion rates that you're typically looking for are? Thanks. Scott Beasley Sure. So we talked about tthey goal at Investor Day was to have working capital as a lower percentage of sales as we go forward. We know that it was elevated going into ttheir year for a few different reasons. We had some customer terms on a few large contracts that extended into Q1. And ttheyn we had some spin related items in ACG related increases. Tthey team did a really good job resolving a lot of those generating $75 million of working capital on tthey quarter. And we would expect to consume a portion of that and tthey barge business ttheir year, but still end up tthey year with working capital as a smaller percentage of sales than we did at tthey end of last year. Blake Hirschman  Thanks, guys. Operator And at ttheir time we have no furttheyr questions. I'll turn tthey call back over to Gail Peck for any closing remarks. Gail Peck Thank you, Raymond. Thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Operator And ttheir does conclude today's program. You may disconnect at any time.