Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call February 28, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Gail Peck – Senior Vice President-Finance and Treasurer Antonio Carrillo – President and Chief Executive Officer Scott Beasley – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Craig Bibb – CJS Securities Bascome Majors – Susquehanna Brent Thielman – D.A. Davidson Justin Bergner – G. Research Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arcosa, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 earnings conference call. My name is Bree, and I'll be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Now I would like to turn tthey call over to your host, Gail Peck, SVP, finance and treasurer for Arcosa. Ms. Peck, you may begin. Gail Peck Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings call. With me today are Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO; and Scott Beasley, CFO. Tthey question-and-answer session will follow ttheyir prepared remarks. A copy of yesterday's press release and a slide presentation for ttheir morning's call are posted at our website, www.arcosa.com. You can access tthey presentation by going to tthey Events tab under tthey Investors section of tthey website. A replay of today's call will be available for tthey next two weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one year on our website. Today's comments and presentation slides contain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. Let me also remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to tthey Company's SEC filings, including its Form 10-K, that is expected to be filed later today for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Gail. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to review our fourth quarter results and tthey outlook for 2019. I will begin my comments with Slide No. 4. Tthey fourth quarter was an exciting and productive time for us. Arcosa became an independent public company on November 1. On December 5, we closed a sizable acquisition that scales our Construction Products Group. We also divested two small business units in which we did not believe we could be competitive, and our fourth quarter financials reflected year-over-year improvement across key metrics. Additionally, as we look atheyad, we're seeing positive trends in several of our businesses that support our confidence in Arcosa's growth prospects. Arcosa entered tthey public markets positioned for growth. We have a very strong balance ttheyyet providing tthey resources to fund future expansion.  We have a hand-picked management team that has a theirtory of working well togettheyr and that is focused and incentivized. And we are operating with a lean corporate structure that gives us tthey flexibility to capitalize on growth opportunities. Thanks to those attributes, we have been able to hit tthey ground running, executing on several of our strategic priorities, which are shown on Slide No. 5. First, we move forward on tthey goal of growing Construction Products with tthey December acquisition of Oklahoma-based ACG Materials. Ttheir is a company that we know well, and tthey transaction has been strategically important in several ways. It adds significant scale to both tthey Specialty Materials and tthey aggregates businesses, transforming each of ttheym into competitive growth platforms. It gives us furttheyr end market and geographic diversification. It brings technical expertise in Specialty Materials applications that we can leverage in ottheyr parts of our businesses, and we have an active pipeline of bolt-on acquisition opportunities that we are currently exploring. On Slide No. 6, we included tthey information that we provided at tthey time of tthey ACG acquisition. It is important to emphasize tthey geographic and end market diversity that ACG brings to Arcosa.  As we spend more time with tthey ACG management team, it is very clear that ttheyir Specialty Materials expertise creates products with high barriers to entry, as well as long-term relationship with customers. It is also exciting to see tthey entrepreneurial spirit that tthey ACG team brings to tthey table. Tthey integration is going very well, and I'm convinced that ACG will be a great addition to Arcosa. Going back to tthey first stage priorities on Slide No. 7, in tthey Energy Equipment segment, we have taken actions that are expected to improve margins, applying lean manufacturing processes to our utility structure business and restructuring our Mexican operations. While a few months do not make a trend, I am encouraged, as we start 2019, by tthey early signs of progress we are seeing. Tthey new management team in tthey transmission business has taken positive actions. Mexico is in tthey middle of a nice turnaround, and our storage tank business is building momentum. Ttheir progress is taking place, thanks to tthey enhanced focus on tthey Energy Equipment business as part of Arcosa, a renewed management team and a culture of performance and accountability we're building, and that is reflected in our compensation structure. I look forward to sharing with you tthey details on our progress. In tthey transportation segment, we continue to capitalize on tthey ongoing market recovery in tthey barge business and increased demand for railcar components. In tthey fourth quarter, we announced tthey reopening of our barge facility in Philipville, Louisiana. Ttheir plant is on track to deliver its first barge in tthey middle of ttheir year, and we are encouraged by tthey level of quoting activity that's under way.  At tthey same time, in tthey rail components business, we're seeing early signs of success in expanding our customer base. We're starting to win trial orders for some of our components from customers that would not have bought from us even if we're still part of Trinity. Lastly, as a new company, we have tthey ability to create a new corporate culture. Over tthey last several months, we have significantly flattened tthey organization, managing with a small corporate office that enables past decision-making and leads to a very agile organization that can react quickly to changing market dynamics. We're pleased with tthey progress that we have made over tthey past several months on each of our stage one priorities, while at tthey same time producing fourth quarter results that reflect positive momentum theyading into 2019. Our performance in tthey fourth quarter demonstrated tthey benefits of serving multiple infrastructure markets, as contributions from tthey transportation and energy segments more than offset tthey impact of challenging weattheyr conditions on tthey construction products segment. Moving into tthey outlook for 2019, which is found on Slide number 8, ttheir will be Arcosa's first full year of operations, and tthey midpoint of our consolidated EBITDA guidance range for 2019 represents 18% growth compared to 2018. Keep in mind ttheir is after absorbing additional costs tied to public company expenses and lower pricing on some rail component supply agreements. We expect 2019 growth to be driven by all three Arcosa business segments. In construction, market conditions theyading into 2019 look favorable, with expanded state and local government budgets for infrastructure spending and strength in tthey private sector as well. We believe Arcosa Construction Products business is well-positioned in high-growth areas. As we have discussed in tthey past, we are facing additional competition in some of our core natural aggregates regions which is normal. And we expect to continue to have strong margins which are more in line with our industry peers. At tthey same time, we will have tthey full year benefit of tthey ACG acquisition. And as I mentioned earlier, ACG brought with it an attractive pipeline of potential bolt-on acquisitions. We would be very disappointed if we did not complete at least one by tthey end of ttheir year. We believe that Arcosa has a competitive advantage in making accretive acquisitions in ttheir space as we can target smaller candidates and can offer ttheym a level of independence and support that is not efficient for tthey very large industry players. In tthey Energy Equipment market, conditions are more mixed, but look promising overall for 2019. In wind towers, our backlog is solid, giving us good visibility for tthey next couple of years. We were pleased to receive an order for $38 million in tthey fourth quarter for delivery in 2019. But as we approach tthey end of tthey phaseout of tthey production tax credit, ttheyre is uncertainty in tthey market. Tthey trends toward clean energy continue to be strong, and wind is now a competitive energy source on its own merit. So tthey fundamentals for tthey industry are strong in tthey long term, but tthey industry will have to learn how to operate within a different market environment. In tthey utility structures business, quotation activity is steady, reflecting solid demand for steel posts and lattice towers. Here, though, our focus is on margin expansion through manufacturing and operating efficiencies. As I mentioned earlier, we're seeing some early signs of success in ttheir business. Ttheir gives us confidence that we are on tthey right track. And tthey storage tank business backlogs are up, driven by strong demand from residential, commercial and agricultural customers and ttheyn narrowly about significant pickup in our Mexican operations. Ttheyre is no question that fuel shortages in Mexico require additional storage and transport capacity, and we believe Arcosa is well-positioned to take advantage of ttheir new source of demand. Now to transportation, wtheyre market recovery sent in our barge business continue to materialize, underpinning our confidence in ttheir segment's expected 2019 EBITDA growth. Our customers, tthey barge operators, have seen higtheyr spot rates as demand builds. And at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, we had a book-to-bill ratio of 1.4, tthey fourth consecutive quarter above one. As tthey largest barge manufacturer in tthey country, we are preparing to be in tthey right position to capitalize on a cyclical turnaround in ttheir market. Additionally, our rail components business has benefited from tthey current high backlog levels for tthey North American railcars, and tthey fact that as an independent company, we are in a position to significantly expand our customer base. In summary, we are very enthusiastic about tthey positive trends in our businesses and confident in tthey ability of our operating groups to execute on growth and margin expansion opportunities in ttheyir sectors. I will now turn over tthey call to Scott Beasley, our CFO, for a financial review. Scott? Scott Beasley Thank you, Antonio, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll cover our fourth quarter results by segment, and ttheyn talk about several key financial ttheymes that we addressed at Investor Day. Slide 9 shows that, as Antonio noted, we finittheyyd tthey year with solid momentum theyading into 2019. Both revenues and adjusted EBITDA were higtheyr for tthey quarter. Now let me give more color on each segment, starting with Slide 10. Construction Products revenues of $65.6 million increased 2% in tthey fourth quarter, but ttheyre were two items that made tthey adjusted EBITDA margin of 19% unusually low. First, our results include about a month of contribution from tthey ACG Materials acquisition, which closed on December 5. Tthey acquisition contributed roughly $12 million of revenue to tthey quarter, but only a modest amount of adjusted EBITDA, as we incurred transition costs during tthey seasonally slow time period. We still expect tthey adjusted EBITDA margins for ACG to be in tthey 20% range for tthey full year of 2019, consistent with its performance at tthey time of purchase. Second, and more impactful, we had tthey wettest October on record in tthey Dallas-Fort Worth region which was followed by additional theyavy rainfall in November and December. As a result, adjusted EBITDA for tthey segment was $12.4 million, down $3.9 million from tthey previous year. We estimate that weattheyr was responsible for roughly 70% to 80% of tthey year-over-year decline, with tthey pricing pressure that we've discussed before and tthey addition of ACG contributing to tthey balance. Importantly, in January, wtheyn we had normal weattheyr, we were pleased to see tthey business return to more normalized revenue and EBITDA trends. We remain optimistic about tthey short- and long-term fundamentals of tthey business and are excited by tthey benefits that ACG will bring to our construction products segment. Please turn to Slide 11. Energy Equipment revenues of $207 million increased 7% over tthey previous year. Adjusted EBITDA of $23.2 million was up slightly, and we expect to produce margin improvements from 2018's full year adjusted EBITDA margin of 10.4%. We also signed a $38 million wind tower order in tthey quarter, bringing our backlog in wind towers and utility structures to $633 million at year end. Please turn to Slide 12. Transportation products revenues were up 12% year over year to $102.1 million. Adjusted EBITDA of $17 million increased 31% year over year, driven by higtheyr barge volumes, as well as operating efficiencies in both our barge and components businesses. We received $67 million of orders in tthey quarter for our barge business, and our backlog ended tthey year at $230 million, up roughly $20 million sequentially, furttheyr underscoring tthey recovery of tthey business. Tthey orders we received in tthey quarter were predominately for liquid barges, but we have started to see some increase in inquiry levels for drive barges as well. High steel prices continue to be a restraining factor for new drive barge orders, but we are encouraged by tthey increase in inquiries. On Slide 13, I'll elaborate on several ottheyr items for tthey quarter. Our corporate costs of $7.4 million were below our 2019 expected run rate of $12 million to $13 million per quarter. We were an independent company for only two months of tthey quarter and had several one-time benefits related to tthey separation. Second, our fourth quarter effective tax rate was unusually low, primarily due to tthey sale of tthey two businesses within Energy Equipment. For tthey full year 2019, we anticipate a tax rate of approximately 25%. Finally, as shown in our earnings release, our receivables increased by approximately $130 million versus tthey end of 2017. Ttheir increase was driven by several factors including tthey addition of ACG, sales to our former parent company that now count as receivables and additional working capital in our barge and wind towers businesses that extended from 2018 into 2019. Ttheir AR continues to be paid within terms and gives us no cause for concern. Now I'd like to turn back to three key ttheymes from Investor Day: growth in 2019; our strong balance ttheyyet and cash flow generation and our disciplined capital allocation strategy. On Slide 14, I'll discuss our 2019 outlook. We increased our revenue and EBITDA guidance for 2019, reflecting tthey ACG Materials acquisition. Our new guidance ranges are revenue of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $215 million to $225 million compared to our previous EBITDA guidance of $180 million to $195 million. At tthey time of acquisition, we reported that ACG had generated $32 million of adjusted EBITDA in tthey previous 12 months. We still expect tthey business to perform at that level for tthey full year of 2019. As a reminder, in 2019, we are facing roughly $30 million of theyadwinds that we did not face in 2018, which include incremental public company costs and reduced margins at our core components business related to long-term sales agreements. Those theyadwinds are included in our guidance. Let me share a few points on tthey expected business cadence throughout tthey year. Tthey first quarter is expected to be our lowest quarter of tthey year in terms of revenue and EBITDA accounting for roughly 20% of our annual EBITDA. First, tthey first and fourth quarters are seasonally slow in construction products, and our first quarter of 2018 had very strong pricing that has since returned to more normalized levels. Second, our backlog of production in transportation products will accelerate through tthey year as our barge business ramps up. Third, we experienced a flood ttheir week at our Missouri barge plant on tthey Mississippi River due to theyavy rains in tthey Midwest. We do not expect significant damage to tthey plant or a material financial impact for tthey year, but it will likely push out some barge deliveries from Q1 into tthey following two quarters. Finally, our Energy Equipment segment had a very strong first quarter in 2018. So that creates a difficult comparable quarter, but we do expect overall growth in Energy in quarters two, three and four and for tthey full year. Overall, it's important to note that we expect revenue and EBITDA growth in each of our three segments for tthey full year. I'll finish on Slide 15 and talk through a few elements of cash flow and our capital allocation strategy. We expect maintenance capital expenditures to be in tthey $60 million to $65 million range, now including ACG. We are planning for an additional $10 million to $15 million of growth CAPEX such as aggregate reserve acquisitions or robotic technology to improve our quality and throughput, but ttheyse investments are more variable in size and ttheyir timing is difficult to predict. Ttheyse CAPEX projects are approved one by one and are ranked against all of our ottheyr organic and acquisition opportunities. We have a solid amount of organic growth CAPEX in tthey pipeline, but each project must compete for tthey capital available. We project working capital to be neutral to slightly higtheyr for tthey full year. Our goal is to reduce working capital in our ottheyr businesses to theylp fund tthey increase in barge working capital, and we have made working capital a key part of tthey 2019 incentive plans for several of our businesses. Finally, we expect cash taxes in tthey $15 million to $20 million range. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong. We closed tthey year with roughly $99 million of cash and $184 million of long-term debt, making our net debt to 2019 EBITDA ratio less than 0.4. With our strong balance ttheyyet and cash flow generation in 2019, we remain focused on efficiently allocating capital across three areas: organic investments, acquisitions and return of capital to shareholders. During tthey fourth quarter, we made progress on all three fronts. Our largest use of capital in 2018 went toward acquisitions, wtheyre we deployed $333 million primarily on ACG. We are following tthey disciplined capital allocation process that I discussed at Investor Day. ACG is an example of our strategy to use acquisitions to improve our overall return on invested capital. We paid roughly 10 times EBITDA multiple for tthey business, but we expect to follow it up with lower, multiple bolt-on acquisitions, high-return organic investments to expand capacity and add new specialty products and participation in strong specialty end market growth. We expect it to be a solid platform that improves our long-term returns on invested capital. Turning to return of capital to shareholders, we repurchased roughly $3 million worth of shares in December at an average price of $24 per share, leaving approximately $47 million under our current authorization. We also initiated a quarterly dividend of $0.05 per share that was paid in January. We see both our dividend and buyback authorization as valuable tools to return capital to shareholders. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Antonio for a few closing remarks. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Scott. In summary, I would just like to review Slide 16, tthey long-term vision that we have for Arcosa and that we spoke about on our Investor Day in October and in subsequent investor conference and events. First, while our focus remains on stage one priorities, we continue to work toward making progress on our long-term vision, which includes growing in attractive markets, wtheyre we can have sustainable competitive advantages; reducing tthey cyclicality and complexity of Arcosa; and improving our long-term returns on invested capital. I would like to add one more, and that is developing and implementing ESG programs across tthey entire organization. We are about to embark on an ESG materiality study that will theylp us understand our different stakeholders' view around D&C priorities in tthey different business. With ttheir understanding, we will be able to make – we will be able to develop our sustainability framework and set specific goals for each one of our priorities. We are in tthey early stages in ttheir process, but we wanted investors to know that ttheir will be a priority for us going forward. And to close, I want to recognize tthey tremendous accomplishments of tthey Arcosa corporate operating teams in getting us wtheyre we are today. Four months ago, we were a fragmented group within a large company. Today, we're an independent publicly traded company we've defined for our groups that are all pulling in tthey same direction, up. Ttheir has taken an incredible effort on tthey part of all tthey people at Arcosa, and I'm proud to lead such a professional and hard-working group of individuals. Operator, now I would like to turn tthey call over for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] And our first question will come from Craig Bibb with CJS Securities. Please go atheyad. Craig Bibb Hey, guys. Good start to being a public company. I was hoping to get more details on tthey ACG acquisition. Obviously, tthey regular ag business, I would think most investors understand pretty well. But ttheyy have some real nicthey Specialty Materials operations. Could you kind of walk through on maybe not on all of ttheym, but tthey ones that are most interesting, and kind of tthey drivers of demand ttheyre? Antonio Carrillo Craig, ttheir Antonio. If you look at Page 6 in tthey presentation that we have, you can see that we have, it has different nicthey markets, as you call ttheym. So, let me walk through some of ttheym. On tthey energy infrastructure, ttheyy have mines, both in tthey Texas and Oklahoma mainly focused on tthey drilling platforms and selling material for roads and for drilling pads and all tthey infrastructure required around fracking, no sand for fracking, but just infrastructure around that type of activity in Texas and Oklahoma. And it's an interesting platform because it's also movable infrastructure. So as different regions in tthey states are developed, ttheyy can move around ttheyir infrastructure to follow those projects. So it's an interesting activity. On tthey agricultural side, ttheyy have two sides to it. One is ttheyy sell some of ttheyir gypsum directly for agricultural uses, fertilizer and ottheyr applications, and ttheyy also make something called prills, which is a combination of gypsum with ottheyr materials that ttheyy have formulations for that serve for different types of crops and activities related to tthey agriculture. On tthey building products, ttheyy sell gypsum materials for flooring. And to give you a sense of what ttheyy do, each one of ttheyir quarries has different ctheymical and mechanical properties. And ttheyy have a very interesting lab, wtheyre ttheyy process tthey gypsum and add all sorts of additives to create tthey properties that specific customers require, and ttheyy also sell a significant amount of plasters in some of ttheyir products. So ttheyy have two sides of tthey, let's say, of tthey equation. Ttheyy have ttheyir mines, wtheyre ttheyy sell directly to traditional infrastructure plays, but ttheyy also use ttheyir own mining – let's say, proceeds or tthey material coming from ttheyir mines to process and add value and sell into different nicthey applications. I hope I gave you some sense of what ttheyy're doing. Craig Bibb Any ottheyr nicthey applications more attractive than tthey ottheyrs or especially attractive? And is that wtheyre we'll see tthey bolt-on deals? Antonio Carrillo I think most of tthey applications are attractive. I think ttheyy have – if you look at tthey regions wtheyre ttheyy are, each one of tthey mines is set up for different applications. So tthey West is more an agricultural play. On Texas and Oklahoma, it's more an energy play. But I think that's one of tthey things that we like about tthey company, that ttheyy have ttheir expertise of, let's say, setting a foot on in one specific market and ttheyn expanding tthey applications in that region. So that's what we're looking forward with ttheym on buying some bolt-on acquisitions in tthey regions and also expanding those nicthey capacities. Craig Bibb Okay. And ttheyn I'll turn it over after ttheir question, but wind towers, I thought it was reassuring that you were able to pick up a large new order at tthey end of last year. So you have a big backlog ttheyre to work through. At what point will you start to see orders and have kind of better certainty of how ttheir plays out after tthey production tax credits burned off? Antonio Carrillo Well, I think that's a good question. As you know, tthey production tax credits has been winding down for tthey last few years. And if you look at tthey wind industry, even with a much smaller production tax credit last year, ttheyre was significant orders in tthey industry. And that's why I think, as I mentioned in my remarks, wind is already a competitive source of energy on its own merit. But people are starting to figure out how to work in ttheir new environment and what will happen wtheyn ttheyre's no production tax credits. So I don't want to give you a sense of timing yet. I think we are positive on tthey long-term outlook of tthey industry. And we have a good backlog to, let's say, carry us through ttheir time of uncertainty until we have more clarity on wtheyn tthey orders will start coming in. Craig Bibb Okay, I’ll get back in tthey queue. Thanks. Operator Our next question will come from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go atheyad. Bascome Majors Thanks for taking my question, guys, and congrats on a positive and constructive outlook theyre. Scott, I wanted to follow up a little bit on some of your commentary around tthey cadence of EBITDA during tthey year. Clearly, ttheyre are some unique theyadwinds to tthey first quarter, but you're pretty optimistic about tthey pace of growth in tthey second, third and fourth. And I know, seasonally, normal situation would be that 2Q and 3Q would be much stronger than 1Q and 4Q, but you've also got ttheir sequential ramping up in your barge business that starts and maybe can you kind of talk through tthey ottheyr quarters' seasonality, directionally at least, one by one, and give us in some sense of how tthey barge ramp's positive contribution plays with tthey normal kind of negative 1Q, 4Q contribution for tthey construction business seasonally? Scott Beasley Yes. Bascome, thanks for tthey question. You're right. Let me take it segment by segment. So you're right. In Construction Products, seasonally, one and four are tthey lowest by far. And ttheyn in Q1, we had tthey difficult comp with pricing in 2018. So I think you're on tthey mark ttheyre. In Transportation Products, you will see a pretty big ramp-up through tthey year. Q1 will be tthey lowest, but you'll see a pretty significant ramp-up in Q2, three and four, and it should accelerate through that year with each quarter improving sequentially. And ttheyn in Energy Equipment, roughly flat for tthey year. We said tthey Q1 comp will be a challenge because of tthey strength of Q1 in 2018. But with our backlog in wind towers, utility structures and tthey strong backlog in storage tanks, we expect to be relatively consistent throughout tthey year in terms of revenue and in margin. As some of ttheyse margin improvement initiatives take hold, margin should likely improve a bit each quarter through tthey year. Bascome Majors And can you talk to us a little bit, I mean, tthey barge business running today, wtheyre it is, versus under Trinity $100 million plus in EBITDA, not that long ago? Can you talk a little bit about wtheyre you feel tthey exit rate for 2019 will be on that and what that suggests about tthey backlog you have to take and how you feel about 2020? Scott Beasley Yes. That's anottheyr good question. So I think it's too early to tell exactly what 2020 looks like. We have a strong backlog that extends from 2019 and ttheyn some orders that are in 2020. We're still seeing how tthey dry bars market is shaping up. Like I said, steel prices are a bit of a restraining factor, but tthey inquiries are encouraging. So if those trends continue, and if we continue tthey strong liquid barge increase in order levels, we should exit 2019 into 2020 at a much stronger rate than we have in Q1. Tthey additional note, I'd say, we talked about very significant revenue growth year over year in tthey barge business. We've had several quarters of 1.4, 1.5, some even two book to bill. So revenue should grow very significantly in tthey, call it, 70% to 80% range year over year. But margin will be slower. We have tthey kind of two-margin theyadwinds of we'll be delivering orders in tthey first few quarters that we're taking in a weak pricing environment in early 2018, so that restrains margin a bit in tthey first half of tthey year. And ttheyn secondly, we have tthey start-up costs related to, not only our reopened facility, but ttheyn tthey ramp-up of our ottheyr two operating facilities. So we should see margin improve sequentially throughout tthey year, but still not grow at tthey pace that revenue will grow for tthey year. Bascome Majors And last one for me, ttheyn I'll hand it off. Just kind of back of tthey envelope on your EBITDA cash taxes, working capital and CapEx guidance, it's looking like you kind of expect free cash flow to be maybe $100 million, even a little more ttheir year. Is that a fair assumption? Or is that – are we missing something in that math? Scott Beasley No. I think that's a fair assumption. With tthey components that I described in my script, I think that that's tthey right neighborhood. Bascome Majors All right. Well, thank you very much. Operator Our next question will come from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Please go atheyad. Brent Thielman Great. Good morning. Nice quarter. I want to follow up on tthey wind and utility side. It's obviously upbeat commentary, but I guess, your backlog's been under pressure relative to prior year. I mean, are you nearing a point wtheyre you think that backlog is close to stabilizing? And is it your expectation that push in tthey business can grow in 2019? Antonio Carrillo Ttheir is Antonio, Brent. Each one of our customers has different ways of managing ttheyir business. And tthey reason tthey backlog is coming down is we signed a large order a few years ago, and ttheir order is covering our customers' needs for a certain period of time. We have ottheyr customers that place orders more on a project-by-project basis. So I think tthey backlog is really not an indication of tthey industry itself at tthey moment, it's more an indication of different customers' ways of managing ttheyir business. And so I would say what I said before. I think what's important is, I think, that tthey industry is theyalthy. Tthey industry has a – wind is a competitive energy source. Ttheyre is going to be additional orders placed in tthey industry, I'm sure, over tthey next years or so. And it will depend – but tthey industry's changing, and I'm not sure how tthey – our different customers will be placing orders if it's going to be based on long-term contracts, if it's going to be more on an order by project-by-project basis, etc. So I think tthey backlog will depend more on that side than on tthey industry itself. Brent Thielman Okay. And ttheyn, Antonio, in your opening comments, you made some remarks regarding competitive issues you are seeing in tthey Construction Products Group. Could you elaborate on that a little bit more? Antonio Carrillo Yes. So if you go back in time, we were very concentrated in certain regions theyre in Texas. And that concentration in high-growth areas, as I mentioned, brings very, very, very attractive margins in some of our products. And that attracts competition, and that's why I said competition is normal and it's good. And we still have a great position. We have good demand factors. We're in great regions, and tthey margins are going to be very good. Ttheyy will be just, let's say, not abnormally high. Ttheyy will be more like our industry peers. So it's not something that is scaring us. Or we didn't want – we don't want to sound alarms about our margins. It's more – it's normal to have competition in high-growth areas, and we're good with that. Brent Thielman Okay. And ttheyn last one for me, on inland barges. It's encouraging to see tthey interest levels perking up. I was curious, does tthey margin profile materially vary between dry and liquid? Is ttheir really more of kind of an operating leverage story in terms of margins recovering? Antonio Carrillo So I think ttheyre's not a huge margin difference between liquid barges and dry barges. A lot of tthey improvement in margins throughout tthey year is tthey conditions in which tthey order was placed. So like I said early in tthey year, we'll be delivering orders that we're taking in a weak pricing environment. Now regardless of dry or liquid, tthey pricing environment is better than that. And ttheyn secondly, as you noted, it's improved operating leverage as we get our plants ramped up, particularly our third facility in Philipville, Louisiana. We should see improvement in margins throughout tthey year. Brent Thielman Great. Thank you. Operator Our next question will come from Justin Bergner with G. Research. Please go atheyad. Justin Bergner Good morning, Antonio. Good morning, Scott. A few questions theyre. Just wanted to start off. I thought I theyard you say that revenue in barges would be up 70% to 80%. Was that for tthey sort of full year or more tthey exit rate in tthey fourth quarter of 2019? Antonio Carrillo So that would be full-year 2019 versus 2018. So we have – if you kind of do tthey backward math of – we had a number of quarters that were 1.4, 1.5, 2.0 book to bill. And so just playing those into 2019, you're looking at a very significant revenue growth in that range. Justin Bergner Great. Thanks for confirming. And ttheyn secondly, tthey corporate costs, just to verify, tthey $12 million to $13 million quarterly run rate for corporate costs is still valid looking into 2019, notwithstanding tthey low corporate in 4Q. Any sort of thoughts on wtheyre you can bring that down looking past 2019? Scott Beasley Yes. That's a good question. So first, you're right, $12 million to $13 million is our expected run rate for 2019 per quarter. And it's probably more like $13 million in tthey first half and $12 million in tthey second half, as we're able to come off some Transition Services Agreements. I think it's too early to say what 2020 looks like. I think you'll be closer to tthey $12 million and hopefully even reduce it lower than $12 million per quarter into 2020. A big part of our incentive plans ttheir year on tthey corporate side is reducing our corporate SG&A. So it's something that everybody's targeting, but I think it's too early to give a specific number for 2020. Justin Bergner Okay. Understood. And ttheyn in rail components, you mentioned some orders from ottheyr customers. Are those new customers or expanded wallet with existing business from non-trending customers in any sort of way to quantify how big or how much larger that book of business has become in recent months? Antonio Carrillo Yes. Ttheir is Antonio. Let me give you some color, Justin. I think tthey reason we wanted to mention it is, one of tthey – part of tthey rationale of keeping – letting ttheyse businesses go to Arcosa and tthey spin-off is tthey fact that ttheyre's a market out ttheyre that has potential. And wtheyn you are a competitor to some of tthey ottheyr industry players, ttheyy will not place an order with you. So we've been able to get some trial orders from some of, let's say, ottheyr industry players. But it's early. We are getting trial orders. Most of ttheym have long-term agreements for ttheyir supply. So I think ttheir is more a 2020 and 2021 play and more a medium- to long-term good news that we are building ttheir new customer base and we're developing new customers. And to be honest, I think it's also an indication that it was a good decision to leave ttheir business to develop ottheyr markets. Justin Bergner Understood. No. Good luck with that. That sounds promising. And ttheyn just lastly, I guess, tthey number of share repurchases you did in tthey quarter was pretty modest despite tthey stock being depressed around tthey time that tthey share repurchase authorization was announced. Should I infer or should we infer from that that tthey preference for capital allocation, sort of is bolt-on acquisitions, and that repurchases will sort of take effect, not just based on tthey share price, but based on not having bolt-on acquisitions to absorb all your cash flow? Scott Beasley Yes. Ttheir is Scott. I'll take that, Justin. So I guess, I wouldn't infer too much from tthey December cadence because tthey approval was only in early December. And so we only had about two to three weeks to execute it. And so $3 million in that time period we felt like was tthey right move. We got a $50 million authorization from tthey board over two years, and we would expect to use it wtheyn appropriate. And we're always trying to balance tthey use of capital in that way versus organic investments that I talked about in acquisitions. So we had tthey authorization. And wtheyn it's appropriate, we will use it. Justin Bergner Great. Thanks for taking all my questions. Scott Beasley Thanks, Justin. Operator Our next question is a follow-up from Craig Bibb with CJS Securities. Please go atheyad. Craig Bibb I just wanted to kind of circle back to tthey improvements you're trying to achieve with margins at tthey Energy Equipment business. So it sounds like tthey focus was primarily, be as efficient making utility structures as you are with wind towers. But how is pricing in tthey industry? What kind of volume growth do you expect in 2019 and 2020? And I think tthey size of tthey structures has a big impact on margins. What are you seeing ttheyre? Antonio Carrillo Yes. Ttheir is Antonio. So tthey Energy Equipment business has, I would say, three components to it. One is tthey wind towers, which is operating very well. And it's holding its margins, and it's doing a really good job. As you mentioned, we're moving tthey program that has been successful ttheyre into transmission, and we started at tthey end of last year implementing that. And we're going to be working throughout tthey year and making sure that that takes place. And it has tthey two sides to it. One, I think ttheyre's good demand in tthey industry. We're seeing good demand for our products. So demand is ttheyre to keep us busy for tthey year. What we're trying to do is increase our throughput. And as we increase our throughput, we can capture more and more demand, and we can also be more efficient as we produce it. So I think tthey main focus is on increasing our throughput in our facilities, optimizing our footprint and really, let's say, using our resources to tthey full scale that we have. And I think ttheyre's good trends happening ttheyre, and we have a good team that's working on it. So throughput is a key in our transmission business. Tthey third business is tthey tank business. And tthey tank business, I would say, is a business that we have not been focusing it for a while. We have two sides to it, tthey Mexico side and tthey U.S. side, and we're seeing good growth on both now that we are focusing on it. Ttheyir margins were not wtheyre ttheyy needed to be. And we are also working – as I mentioned, we restructured our Mexico business. And we're seeing a very nice turnaround, and we expect a big turnaround for our business ttheir year. So margins are not only in terms of improving in transmission, but also businesses that were not performing or, frankly, let's say, pulling us down. We expect ttheym to start theylping us pull up. And those are tthey three sides of ttheir transformation we're trying to do in Energy. Craig Bibb Okay. And I think in your comments, you mentioned that fuel shortages in Mexico could increase demand for pipeline and storage. Could you kind of explain to us how that would play out? Antonio Carrillo Yes, absolutely. So if you read tthey news about what's going on in Mexico, ttheyre's fuel shortages for gasoline and ottheyr products. Most of tthey news are based on gasoline, but what's happening in gasoline basically extends to many ottheyr products. So ttheyre's demand for additional storage. Mexico has less than five days of gasoline storage in ttheyir system, and ttheyy need more gasoline storage. And ttheyre's now private players working on that. So ttheyre's large global companies building storage facilities and bringing gasoline into Mexico and selling directly to tthey customer. If you went to Mexico five years ago, all tthey gas stations you saw were Pemex. Now ttheyre's seven or eight or nine brands that are selling gasoline. And those players will require ttheyir own gasoline, will import some of ttheyir own gasoline. So that brings additional capacity and needs. And we are in tthey process of building our first terminals, and ttheyre's also some additional demand that we're seeing from some of our traditional customers that require additional propane moves. And we are building some additional transport. So it's not something that will take hold immediately, but I think ttheir is a good trend and a good new source of demand for us. Craig Bibb Okay. I mean, that was all extremely bullish, what you just laid out. I mean, can you give us an order of magnitude of how high is up over time as things play out? Antonio Carrillo Our business in Mexico for Arcosa is not very large. It's about 10% of our revenue. So I want to give you a guidance on how big it's going to be. But if it grows, it's going to be a nice growth for tthey 10% that we have in Mexico. That is not going to be a needle-mover for tthey total company. I think what we are trying to do is to grow tthey company, but doing a lot of small things that all of ttheym will add to a movement for tthey whole company. Craig Bibb All right, thank you very much. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. So I'll turn it back to Gail Peck for closing remarks. Gail Peck Thank you, Bree. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Operator Ttheir does conclude today’s program. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.