ACADIA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Mark Johnson - VP, IR Steptheyn Davis - CEO Henry Morgan - SVP, Chief Revenue & Customer Officer Charmaine Lykins - SVP, Global Product Planning & CMO Srdjan Stankovic - President Elena Ridloff - EVP & CFO Conference Call Participants Ritu Baral - Cowen and Company Charles Duncan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Jason Butler - JMP Securities Gregory Renza - RBC Capital Markets Neena Bitritto-Garg - Citigroup Jeff Hung - Morgan Stanley Carl Tan - Goldman Sachs Group Paul Matteis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Eddie Hickman - Guggentheyim Securities Jay Olson - Oppentheyimer Vamil Divan - Mizuho Securities James Brill - Raymond James & Associates David Hoang - SMBC Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to ACADIA Pharmaceuticals First Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Bradley, and I will be your coordinator for today. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards tthey end of today's call. If at any time during tthey call, you require assistance, please followed by Zero and a coordinator will be will be happy to assist you. I would now like to turn tthey presentation over to Mark Johnson, Vice President of Investor Relations at ACADIA. Please proceed. Mark Johnson Thank you, Bradley. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss ACADIA's first quarter 2021 financial results. Joining me on tthey call today from ACADIA are Steve Davis, our Chief Executive Officer; who will provide an overview of our Q1 2021 financial performance and a review of our business operations. Also joining us on today's call is Henry Morgan, our Chief Revenue and Customer Officer; and Charmaine Lykins, Global Product Planning and Chief Marketing Officer, who will provide updates on our commercial performance. Dr. Serge Stankovic, our President, will discuss our pipeline progress and our Chief Financial Officer, Elena Ridloff, will ttheyn discuss our financial results in more detail before turning it back to Steve for final remarks and opening tthey call up for your questions. I would also like to point out that we are using supplement slides, which are available on tthey Events and Presentations section of our website. Before we proceed, I would first like to remind you that during our call today, we will be making a number of forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements, including goals, expectations, plans, prospects, growth potential, timing of events or future results, are based on current information, assumptions and expectations that are intheyrently subject to change and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Ttheyse factors and ottheyr risks associated with our business can be found in our filings made with tthey SEC. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which are made only as of today's date. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steptheyn Davis Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 4. We remain steadfast in our commitment to our mission into executing on our 3 strategic pillars to create long-term growth. First, driving continued growth in NUPLAZID for patients with Parkinson's disease psychosis, or PDP. second, delivering on tthey dementia-related psychosis or DRP, opportunity. And third, developing tthey next wave of break-through ttheyrapies by advancing our development pipeline and acquiring new assets. Let's review our Q1 results in greater detail, starting on Slide 5. For tthey first quarter of 2021, NUPLAZID achieved $106.6 million in net sales. Ttheir represents an 18% year-over-year increase, driven by strong year-over-year performance in tthey office-based setting. During tthey first quarter, sales of NUPLAZID were negatively impacted by tthey post-holiday spike of COVID-19 and ongoing conditions relating to tthey pandemic. As we look atheyad, we observed improvements related to tthey pandemic in tthey latter part of tthey first quarter and into tthey beginning of tthey second quarter. And based on ttheyse indicators, we are projecting continued growth throughout tthey year and reiterating our net sales guidance for fiscal year 2021 at $510 million to $550 million. Let's move to an update on our DRP program on Slide 6. We remain committed to bringing pimavanserin to tthey DRP patient community. In April, we announced that tthey FDA issued a complete response later, or CRL, regarding our supplemental new drug application for dementia-related psychosis. We look forward to a constructive dialogue with tthey FDA in our Top A meeting, wtheyre we plan to discuss tthey CRL and tthey potential path, approval path for pimvanserin. We are prudently planning and preparing for multiple scenarios based on what we learned at ttheir meeting. I want to remind you of tthey significant unmet need that remains in ttheir disease. Current treatment of DRP involves tthey use of off-label antipsychotics, which carry significant risks for ttheir often frail and elderly patient population, including worsening of cognition and impairment of motor symptoms. We've theyard both publicly and privately from many physicians, caregivers and concerned family members who have made ttheyir voices theyard on ttheir critically important matter. We're furttheyr encouraged by tthey public statements made by patient advocacy groups such as UsAgainstAlztheyimer's, tthey Lewy Body Dementia Association and Alztheyimer's Association. We all recognize that without an FDA-approved treatment, tthey burden of DRP remains significant. In addition to DRP, we are focused on developing and expanding our pipeline of innovative new programs across multiple ttheyrapeutic areas, as shown theyre on Slide 7. Our Phase III program for trofinetide remains on track to deliver top line results by tthey end of tthey year, and our Phase III program for pimavanserin for tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia continues to enrol well. We recently initiated a Phase II study evaluating ACP-044, a postoperative pain following bunionectomy surgery and expect top line results by year-end. In tthey second quarter, we plan to initiate an additional Phase II study evaluating ACP-044 in pain associated with osteoarthritis.  Business development continues to be a key priority of our strategy to expand our pipeline to long-term growth and bring new ttheyrapies to patients with high unmet needs. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Henry and Charmaine to discuss our first quarter commercial performance and growth initiatives. Henry Morgan Thank you, Steve. Today, we'd like to review our first quarter performance and our long-term expectations for NUPLAZID in Parkinson's disease psychosis. Tthey strong base of PDP patients continuing on NUPLAZID, improvements in tthey conditions related to tthey pandemic and our focus on growth initiatives, will enable us to deliver double-digit revenue growth in 2021. Please turn to Slide 9. NUPLAZID continue to transform tthey standard of care for patients with PEP. In tthey first quarter, we delivered net sales of $106.6 million, representing an 18% year-over-year increase. Performance in tthey quarter was driven largely by new patient starts and growth of our subscriber base within tthey office-based channel. As Steve mentioned, NUPLAZID performance in Q1 was negatively impacted as a result of tthey post holiday spikes in COVID-19 cases, resulting in a decline in patient office visits. However, as we exited tthey quarter, we observed overall visits returning to traditional levels, including an increase in face-to-face interactions, all of which are related to improving conditions of tthey pandemic. and an increase in vaccination rates. While continuing patients on NUPLAZID remained high, we face a unique temporal dynamic in tthey first quarter as payers reverted to pre-pandemic guidance of 30 day refills versus tthey ability to obtain a 90-day fill. Ttheir policy reversal temporarily interrupted our average bottle per continuing patient and impacted our Q1 net sales. Within tthey long-term care channel, after showing several months of stability, in tthey first quarter, we observed an additional decline incentives. However, we are now starting to see [census] (ph) and more importantly, admissions, improve in March and into April. For both tthey office-based setting and tthey long-term care channel, our leading indicator, and overall market conditions are steadily improving. As we come out of tthey pandemic, tthey timing and pace of recovery in face-to-face interactions, PD patient office business and LTC new admissions will be a key driver to our 2021 performance and wtheyre we land in our reiterated fiscal year 2021 net sales guidance of $510 million to $550 million. Please turn to Slide 10. We have recently started to see early indicators pointing towards a return to growth in tthey LTC channel, including an increase in new long-term care admittance and modest growth incentives. Tthey following key points highlight ttheir observation. First, more facilities are allowing family members to visit loved ones, which previously was a major impediment to new resident admissions. And second, in tthey first quarter, both large and small LTC provider group shared tthey rapid vaccination of all residents was prioritized over ottheyr areas of care. Ttheyre are now high vaccination rates among residents and staff, which has led to a greater than 90% drop in COVID-19 cases since December 2020. And finally, our data shows that new resident admissions is a highly correlated leading indicator of new patient starts within tthey long-term care channel. We are encouraged by tthey improving market conditions within tthey long-term care market that support a return to growth. I'll now turn it over to Charmaine to discuss our focus on sustainable growth for tthey overall PDP business. Steptheyn Davis Charmaine, I believe you are on mute. Charmaine Lykins Thank you. Thanks, Henry. Please turn to Slide 11. We've tailored our marketing channel mix to maximize response to tthey underlying market conditions as we begin to emerge from tthey pandemic. We continue to amplify our theyalth care professional and consumer campaigns, both digitally and in person. And we expect that ttheyse initiatives will drive growth throughout tthey remainder of tthey year. Ttheir means strong engagement with virtual CME and speaker programs and leveraging virtual promotional booths at several key medical congresses across tthey country. In April, our virtual NUPLAZID ttheyaters at tthey American Academy of Neurology and tthey American College of Physicians were very well attended, and we will continue to leverage our Virtual Congress presence throughout tthey rest of ttheir year. In addition to that, we are executing an on-air DTC and online campaign to support that DTC campaign, in order to activate patients and caregivers to request NUPLAZID specifically. Our current DTC campaign is exceeding our reach targets and working synergistically with social media and ottheyr digital tactics that we have out ttheyre, to grow tthey breadth and depth of tthey prescriber base. Tthey market opportunity for NUPLAZID remains large. Most patients today are prescribed off-label antipsychotics, which carry significant safety risks, including tthey potential for worsening of motor symptoms. We're focused on growing our share of tthey TDP market, and our new patient share continues to exceed our overall share. Ttheir is a key indicator of future growth and penetration. In recent weeks, we started to see growth across our business, which is supported by tthey improving market conditions. And importantly, as we exited tthey quarter and into April, we have started to observe a recovery in face-to-face interactions, in-office patient visits and long-term care new admissions. Our commercial team's expertise has positioned us well, with strong performance during tthey pandemic and tthey ability to grow future business as we emerge from it. We are well positioned to drive long-term prescription growth of NUPLAZID in PDP. And now I'll turn it over to Serge to discuss our pipeline progress. Srdjan Stankovic Thank you, Charmaine. Good afternoon, everyone. Please turn to Slide 13. In regards to DRP, our team has been diligently preparing a briefing package, which outlines our perspective on SNDA, tthey positive Phase III HARMONY study results and provides a template for discussion and future interactions with tthey FDA. Ttheir document is almost complete now and will be included in tthey request for a Type A meeting. Our objectives for tthey Type A meeting are to discuss tthey CRL and identify a mutually agreeable path towards approval with tthey FDA. We are confident in tthey science, tthey data and benefit risk profile of pimavanserin in DRP, described in our sNDA and are committed to active FDA approval and make NUPLAZID available to patients, caregivers and ttheyir families who suffer from DRP. As we've said before, we believe that tthey prospectively agreed development program and tthey design of tthey pivotal HARMONY study is scientifically tthey most appropriate way to evaluate efficacy and safety of pimavanserin as a treatment for DRP. Our position is informed by tthey following: Tthey pivotal HARMONY study met its prespecified primary and key secondary endpoints, with highly statistically significant and clinically meaningful results. Consistent with ttheyse results, in tthey double-blind portion of tthey study, pimavanserin demonstrated meaningful separation from placebo on tthey measures of severity of psychotic symptoms such as hallucinations and delusions, or on a global clinical assessment. And all ttheir with a notable effect size. Furttheyrmore, in tthey open-label portion of tthey study, over 60% of patients met very rigorous treatment response criteria, while on pimavanserin demonstrated meaningful and sustained reduction in tthey symptoms of psychosis, consistent across patient subgroups. Tthey consistency of tthey above described results in our pivotal HARMONY study furttheyr informs our view on tthey benefit-risk profile of pimavanserin for DRP. We would like to better understand tthey division's position in hopes that we can align on an efficient plan towards resubmission. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Beyond DRP, we are advancing our pipeline on -- of innovative treatments for areas of high unmet need, with ongoing clinical trials across 5 disease areas. Let's briefly review tthey rest of our pipeline, starting on Slide 14 with Rett syndrome. Rett syndrome is a rare neurological disorder with debilitating symptoms, including severe cognitive, emotional, sensory and motor impairment. Patients often lose spoken communication and purposeful hand use, leading to a loss of independence. Our Phase III program continues to progress well, with top line results expected from our LAVENDER study in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Please recall that tthey LAVENDER study uses tthey same validated endpoints as tthey positive Phase II study, which are designed to show improvements on tthey core symptoms of Rett syndrome. Turning to Slide 15. Ttheyre are over 700,000 patients in tthey United States who are receiving treatment for schizophrenia but still experience tthey debilitating negative symptoms, including social withdrawal, lack of emotion, restricted speech and blended effect. Ttheyse symptoms can lead to long-term disability and significant caregiver burden. As a reminder, our Phase III program evaluating pimavanserin for tthey treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia includes 2 pivotal study, our positive ADVANCE-1 study and ADVANCE 2, which we initiated in tthey third quarter of last year and is currently enrolling patients. Please turn to Slide 16 for an update on our ACP-044 program. ACP-044 is a novel, first-in-class, orally administered, non-opioid analgesic that is being studied for both acute and chronic pain. I am pleased to announce that we recently initiated a Phase II study evaluating ACP-044 for tthey treatment of postoperative pain following bunionectomy surgery. Tthey study is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, enrolling approximately 240 subjects and evaluating tthey efficacy and safety of ACP-044. Tthey primary endpoint of tthey study is average pain intensity score measured by a numeric rating scale from first dose on tthey day of surgery through 24 hours. We anticipate top line results from ttheir study before tthey end of tthey year. Furttheyrmore, we plan to initiate an additional Phase II study for patients suffering from pain associated with osteoarthritis later ttheir quarter. Slide 17 highlights a brief summary of our ACP-319 program for tthey potential treatment of cognition and schizophrenia. Transition and continuation of tthey Phase I program is progressing well, and we look forward to providing more detailed updates on ttheir program in tthey future. Slide 18 summarizes our ongoing development time lines. In tthey first quarter, we initiated Phase II study for ACP-044 for postoperative pain. In tthey second quarter, we plan to initiate a Phase II study of ACP-044 for pain associated with osteoarthritis. And in tthey fourth quarter, we expect to announce top line results from our Phase III trofinetide study in Rett syndrome. We look forward to keeping you updated as we advance our pipeline. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Elena. Elena Ridloff Thank you, Serge. Today, I'll discuss our first quarter 2021 results and our updated 2021 financial outlook. Please turn to Slide 20. In tthey first quarter of 2021, we recorded $106.6 million in net sales, an increase of approximately 18% compared to $90.1 million of net sales in Q1 of 2020. Ttheir was driven by 4% volume growth year-over-year. Importantly, ttheir comparison is challenging because last year's first quarter was pre-pandemic. Despite ttheir, we delivered increased demand year-over-year. Our performance was led by tthey office-based channel, with year-over-year growth impacted by fewer patient office visits and tthey decline in average bottles per patient in tthey quarter, as Henry described. In tthey long-term care channel, demand declined year-over-year, driven by a furttheyr decline in census levels in LTC facilities in tthey first quarter of 2021, following several months of stabilization in tthey second half of last year. However, we started to see patient office visits in office-based channel increase and census levels and our demand improved in LPC as we exited tthey first quarter and into April. Tthey gross to net adjustment for Q1 2021 was 22.3 million -- 2.3%. As a reminder, gross-to-net is typically higtheyst in tthey first quarter due to tthey annual reset of tthey donut hole for Medicare Part D patients. We saw tthey inventory in tthey channel at tthey end of tthey first quarter were slightly higtheyr than year-end. Moving down tthey P&L. GAAP R&D expenses decreased to $57 million in tthey quarter compared to $72.6 million in Q1 2020. GAAP SG&A expenses increased to $111.7 million in tthey first quarter, from $102 million in tthey first quarter of last year. Noncash, stock-based compensation expense during tthey quarter was $13.2 million compared to $22.3 million for tthey feed period in 2020. Our cash balance at tthey end of tthey quarter was $577.8 million. Please turn to Slide 21. For tthey full year 2021, we are reiterating our new placid revenue guidance of $510 million to $550 million. Given tthey impact of tthey pandemic we observed in tthey first quarter, we could land in tthey lower end of tthey guidance range. Just wtheyre we finish will be a function of tthey timing and pace of recovery in face-to-face field interactions, patient office visits and LTC new admissions. On tthey expense side for 2021, we now expect GAAP R&D to be between $280 million and $300 million for tthey full year, from a previous range of $300 million to $320 million. Ttheir reflects some optimization in our development expenses and includes approximately $25 million in stock-based compensation expense. We are reducing our SG&A guidance to reflect tthey reduction of expenses associated with tthey delay in a potential DRP launch. We now expect GAAP SG&A to be between $385 million and $415 million for tthey full year from a previous range of $560 million to $590 million. Tthey revised guidance range includes approximately $50 million in stock-based compensation expense. And with that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Steve. Steptheyn Davis Thank you, Elena. Please turn to Slide 23. In closing, we are confident in our long-term commercial outlook for DRP. We are committed to bringing pimavanserin to patients and caregivers struggling with DRP, and we are focused on investing in our clinical programs and business development opportunities. I would like to thank our employees for ttheyir unwavering passions to our mission to elevate life. I'll now open up tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session\ Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of Ritu Baral from Cowen. Ritu Baral I wanted to ask about tthey path forward for DRP. I guess first, a very quick housekeeping question. Have you formally requested tthey Type A meeting at ttheir point? And ttheyn two, tthey broader question theyre is, I guess, if tthey main issue has to do with tthey 011 study and potentially records kept around that, is ttheyre any way to sort of address those record-keeping quality issues with those clinical trial records that are worth discussing at tthey Type A or beyond? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks much for tthey question, Ritu. I'm going to answer tthey first part of your question. I'll ask Serge to answer tthey second part. So tthey answer is, we have not yet submitted tthey request. So in order to request a Type A meeting, you first have to prepare a briefing document, which outlines your position and provides a template for discussion. And it's important to get ttheir right and lay tthey right foundation and template for tthey benefit of future interactions. We believe we have very strong arguments to discuss with tthey FDA and want to be diligent in preparation before submitting tthey formal request. And ttheir includes input from expert counsel and outside advisers. Tthey document is also -- is almost complete and will be included in our official request for tthey Type A meeting again very soon. And as a reminder, tthey Type A meeting will be sctheyduled by tthey FDA within 30 days of our request. Serge, do you want to take tthey second part of Ritu's question? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Ritu, I'll just reiterate first what Steve mentioned earlier, and that is that our principal objective in ttheir meeting is really to understand tthey concerns and issues raised by tthey division in tthey Complete Response Letter. Considering that a part of those issues were related to tthey study of '19 that you mentioned, we certainly, in our briefing document, will be addressing all of tthey issues point by point that were raised in tthey complete response letter, in a detailed and extensive manner, in a hope that we can provide additional information that will be theylpful to tthey division to understand tthey context of those concerns and issues and to address that. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Charles Duncan from Cantor Fitzgerald. Charles Duncan Yes. Good quarter on tthey top line. I had a follow-up question on tthey DRP indication. I guess I'm wondering if maybe ttheir is jumping tthey gun, but are you willing to pursue a dispute resolution? Or do you need to learn more information before you determine strategy? And could you imagine refiling with a more limited label based on some diagnostic criteria? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks much for tthey question, Charles. So tthey -- if following tthey Type A meeting, we can't agree on tthey appropriate path towards resubmission. Ttheyre is baked into tthey FDA process, an official appeal process that could be pursued. At ttheir time, we don't think it's productive to speculate on that appeal process until we actually had tthey meeting with FDA and have a sensible -- and get our information. So That's tthey next step, we'll be focused on that. And I'm sorry, Charles, ttheyre was tthey second part of your question, it's escaping me now. Charles Duncan Yes, that makes sense. Steve, regarding a limited label based on some diagnostic criteria. Steptheyn Davis Yes. No, I remember now. I, look, ttheyre too, we need to have ttheir Type A meeting. We need to learn what we can learn ttheyre. And I don't want to speculate about potential avenues beyond tthey Type A meeting. We've obviously done a lot of scenario planning, but we just need to have tthey meeting first. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Turner on for Cory. Just curious, what are your latest thoughts on your European strategy? Does tthey DRP delay in tthey U.S. impact how you think about Europe? And is it possible to potentially take ttheir package to European regulators about tthey PDP? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks much for tthey question. So as we previously indicated, we've frame-shifted our European filing strategy. And ttheir is really just a reflection of tthey very, very dramatic difference in pricing that drugs like ttheir. Ttheir is not unique to -- [indiscernible] drug like ttheir in Europe versus in tthey United States. So in ottheyr words, tthey vast majority of tthey value pie for a drug like ttheir is in tthey United States. And because tthey pricing is so dramatically different, we felt it was important to play out tthey work that we're doing in ottheyr indications in attempts to try to get multiple indications into a common senior data exclusivity. So we don’t have anything more to say on that at ttheir juncture. We'll continue to assess as we go forward. But [indiscernible] U.S. Ttheyre is outside of tthey U.S., and we certainly want to make sure we secure every bit of value with pimavanserin, but at ttheir juncture, we don't have anything more to say about tthey timing of filing in ottheyr jurisdictions. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Jason Butler from JMP Securities. Jason Butler Just had one on tthey -- thinking about PDP opportunity moving forward. I guess just looking a little into tthey future midterm as we exit tthey COVID theyadwinds. How do you see tthey opportunity for growth in tthey office space channel versus long-term care, which one has tthey larger opportunities for growth? And if you could just remind us of your views on tthey market size in each channel, how deeply penetrated in each you are today in that context? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks much for tthey question. Charmaine, I'm going to ask you to answer that. Charmaine Lykins Yes, sure. Thanks, Steve. Well, first of all, wtheyn you look overall about our opportunity for growth in PDP, we're committed to accelerating growth across all tthey channels, both office base and long-term care, and we're going to do ttheir through several means. Namely, our commercial initiatives have demonstrated positive effects across those channels over time. And we're going to continue to provide resources to deliver information to patients and caregivers, to activate that caregiver and that patient to request NUPLAZID and also establishing NUPLAZID as tthey only FDA-approved treatment out ttheyre for Parkinson's disease psychosis. Beyond that, we're educating tthey medical community, which has an impact both in tthey office-based business and tthey long-term care setting on important data on pimavanserin and tthey benefits of NUPLAZID through virtual promotional booths at several congresses that we've already actually participated in and virtual speaker bureaus throughout tthey year. In addition to that, we've got a fully integrated consumer awareness program, which is executing tthey social media, both on tthey HCP side and on tthey consumer side. And we continue to see strong results coming from our digital platform, across both HCP and consumer, regardless of setting. I think I would say, overall, we continue to perform or outperform actually tthey market basket in long-term care, with market basket of products that we benchmark ourselves against, which I think furttheyr underscores tthey effectiveness of ttheyse tactics that we're executing on today. So we're very optimistic of our growth prospects, not only in tthey long-term care channel, but also in tthey office-based channels. Jason Butler Okay. Great. Operator Next question comes from Gregory Renza from RBC Capital Markets. Gregory Renza Steve and team, thank you for tthey update. Steve, I just wanted to focus a bit on tthey near-term outlook for PDP. It sounds like you had an encouraging exit, first quarter metrics and tthey reiteration of tthey full year guidance. I'm just curious if you could just touch a little bit more on those factors. If I theyard Elena correctly, I think you indicated that maybe a lower end of tthey range. So just curious if you could maybe unpack that a bit, maintaining that guidance versus perhaps narrowing that or lowering it just in light of tthey commentary you added? And ttheyn just lastly, related to that, just curious, to what degree, if any, was tthey DRP opportunity ttheir year a potential potentiator for PDP penetration in tthey market? Steptheyn Davis Yes. I'm going to answer tthey second question first, and ttheyn I'm going to ask Elena to answer tthey first question. So we -- from tthey time we've launctheyd ttheir drug, we've had very, very low off-label use. We can't see every bottle in all channels, but tthey significant majority of scripts come through our hub, and we know exactly tthey percent of scripts that are on label, and it's always been in tthey high 90% range. That hasn't deviated. So I don't see any impact on first quarter from tthey changes in off-label -- percent of off-label use in PDP. In addition, just as a reminder, obviously, is, our overall results in DRP were very, very compelling. And of course, tthey results in PDD, patients that have Parkinson's disease dementia, patients with that psychosis were also super compelling. So I just don't see any connectivity between DRP and PDP first quarter models. Lenny, you want to take tthey first question? Elena Ridloff Sure. So Greg, we are confident in our guidance range. I did comment with regards to tthey low end of tthey range, just to remind you and folks that wtheyn you lose patients in tthey first quarter, have fewer new patient starts than expected, that has an impact on tthey continuing bottles for those patients through tthey remainder of tthey year. As we talked about tthey, in both March and April have seen improved trends in both tthey office-based setting and tthey long-term care channel, and we expect to see continued growth in both those channels. So we are confident in tthey guidance range that we reiterated today. Operator Next question comes from Neena Bitritto-Garg from Citi. Neena Bitritto-Garg So I guess just anottheyr question on kind of next steps in DRP. I guess can you elaborate a little bit more on, I guess, what's tthey time line to us kind of theyaring tthey outcome of tthey Type A meeting? And is that something that you do plan to communicate or right after tthey meeting, or would you wait until after you have minutes from that meeting. Yes, if you could just talk a little bit more about that, that'd be great. Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks, Rich, for tthey question. So tthey meeting under tthey FDA's structure should happen within 30 days of ttheyir request, and ttheyy usually are right at 30 days. Once we have tthey meeting, as we would do in most meetings of tthey store, wtheyttheyr it's in tthey Phase II meeting or pre-sNDA meeting or in ttheir case, a Type A meeting following tthey CRL, we would typically wait until we get minutes from tthey meeting speaking public loan, and that's our plan in ttheir case as well. Operator Next question comes from Jeff Hung of Morgan Stanley. Jeff Hung For DRP, should you go down tthey path of Otis, I know it's really early, but are ttheyre any precedent cases you can highlight wtheyre companies went through tthey appeals process and tthey CRL was overturned? And any similarities or differences that you would highlight from those cases to pimavanserin in DRP? Steptheyn Davis Well, first, just one kind of -- just to make sure we're all level set. Ttheyre's no overturning of tthey CRL per se, because once you get a CRL, you have to resubmit. So tthey question always is, what do you need to do to resubmit. And in some cases, you can resubmit without doing additional clinical work and in ottheyr cases, you need to do additional clinical work. Tthey -- ttheir was SNDA or supplemental new drug application. So tthey decision on issuing a CRL was made by tthey psychiatry division, and that is tthey division with whom we'll have tthey Type A meeting. And so as we -- once we've had that meeting, we'll be in a position, as I indicated earlier, to comment furttheyr about plans for it and of course, it will ttheyn inform our view of what tthey next steps will be. Operator Next question comes from Salveen Richter of Goldman Sachs. Carl Tan Ttheir is Carl on for Salveen. Maybe some questions on tthey pipeline. Serge, maybe if you could speak a bit more on tthey mechanism of action for ACP-044 and if ttheyre's any reason to believe tthey drug may be more effective in acute versus chronic pain? And as you look at those 2 opportunities, if one is more of a low-hanging fruit, and ttheyn I have a second. Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Tthey very interesting mechanism of action. First of all, we are particularly excited about having a non-opioid mechanism of action. Ttheir compound has ability to accelerate elimination of paroxy nitride, which is in tthey development of pain, it's an underlying upstream mechanism for sensitization of multiple pain mechanisms. And that's really what is particularly attractive. Ttheir is also periptheyrally restricted compounds. So tthey risks of any potential dependence, abuse liabilities is not present. So from that perspective, we are very excited about tthey drug. In regard to tthey question wtheyttheyr we anticipate a better benefit in tthey acute versus chronic pain models. So far, we have only indications we have are tthey -- from tthey preclinical data that we have. And in those mechanisms, we saw quite a bit of efficacy displayed in a variety of different pain models, single pain models, wtheyttheyr acute or chronic. And in some extent, we saw an efficacy that is quite on par or better with tthey opioid. So from that perspective, we are quite bullish in terms of our anticipation, of possible ability to demonstrate benefit both in tthey acute models of pain as well as chronic models. And that's why in tthey Phase II trial, we are pursuing both models. Obviously, looking forward to tthey clinical data for tthey confirmation. Carl Tan Got it. And ttheyn with your M1 PAM, if you could just speak on what -- what tthey status right now is that Phase I, tthey nature of that and wtheyn we could start to see some of tthey data emerge, that would be theylpful. Srdjan Stankovic Yes. As I said, we have -- we are quite progressed in tthey process of transitioning and continuing tthey Phase I work. We -- ttheir is -- ttheir compound already is in a Phase I. We need to continue through tthey -- expanding tthey exposures as we move forward. And that's actually tthey stage wtheyre we are right now, both from tthey perspective of providing tthey appropriate toxicology covering so that we can be increasing those exposures in humans, as well as doing tthey human work. But we are in tthey Phase I right now. And as we complete ttheir work, we will be reporting, obviously, and updating you on tthey future plans, moving forward. Operator Tthey next question comes from Paul Matteis of Stifel Financial. Paul Matteis I know ttheyre's a lot of moving parts of 1Q, and we can from an machines about changes in compliance and retail rates. I guess, I wanted to try to simplify it. Did you exit first quarter with more patients on drug than you had at tthey end of last year? And I guess what do you kind of see now that things are reopening in terms of tthey cadence of tthey patient at rate for tthey rest of tthey first half? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks, Paul for tthey question. Elena, you want to take that? Elena Ridloff Yes. Thanks for tthey question. As we talked about ending Q1, we are -- we did see growth in both tthey office face setting and tthey long-term care channel. So we are exiting Q1 in a good place. I also just want to comment on tthey continuing bottles. We had strong continued bottles for tthey majority of our patients. Ttheyre was a small portion wtheyre single-digit percentage of patients that started to receive 90-day fills, which Henry spoke about in theyr prepared remarks, that theirtorically pre-pandemic was about 5%. It grew to about 8% in tthey pandemic. And in Q1, we saw that reverse to 6% and now in April, it's back to 5%. So we expect, starting in Q2 to see a more normal trend as far as average bottles for continuing patients. Operator Next question comes from Brian Miles of Jefferies. Unidentified Analyst So maybe a few follow-ups on 0044, in acute postoperative pain. So if possible, can you speak to tthey PK profile, maybe its estimated half-life and onset of action? And ttheyn as a follow-up, can you outline tthey dosing strategy? I know ttheyre's a high and a low dose, but is ttheir once daily or as needed? And ttheyn finally, maybe you could talk about what rescue medications are allowed and how that's going to be handled in tthey primary endpoint. Steptheyn Davis Serge, you want to take those questions? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. As a matter of fact, ttheir study that we are conducting right now, one of tthey important questions that we want to answer is, what is tthey optimal dosing regimen for tthey drug. So we are essentially testing tthey same daily dose but in 2 different dosing regimens. So tthey trial has 3 arms, 2 active arms and 1 placebo and that's essentially one of tthey objectives for us because we would definitely want to better understand, both from tthey pharmacokinetic but also pharmacodynamic perspective behavior of tthey drug and potential for analgesic coverage in that respect. I'm not sure that I addressed your second -- second part of tthey question, if you want. Unidentified Analyst Yes, it's about rescue medications, how ttheyy'll be handled for tthey primary and if ttheyy're allowed. Srdjan Stankovic Yes, we are -- we don't go into that level of details in tthey protocols and all that. But obviously, tthey design of ttheir trial is very, very -- it's a classical acute pain design. And of course, we do make records. Ttheyre are certain medications that are prohibited, that interfere with ttheir, but we are -- ttheyre is -- in terms of tthey primary measure, we are measuring pain intensity, and ttheyre are some restrictions in terms of tthey rescues. Operator Next question comes from Yatin Sinha of Guggentheyim. Eddie Hickman Ttheir is Eddie on for Yatin. So on tthey LAVENDER study, given that tthey Phase II is only 6 weeks and you're upping it to 12 weeks, and in tthey Phase II, tthey drug arm was still decreasing wtheyn that study stopped, how much additional benefit do you think you can get on those clinical endpoints with that added time? And ttheyn in tthey Phase III, you're enrolling slightly older patients, was ttheyre any age or severity of disease-related differences in that Phase II data that led you to add older girls to tthey study? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Our view on tthey data and discussion with tthey experts that we had as well as vis-a-vis tthey mechanism of action of trofinetide led us to a conclusion that actually tthey shorter trial did not provide a full opportunity to display tthey benefit and tthey additional benefit based on tthey symptom, change in symptoms over time would have been potentially obtained. So ttheyrefore, we have decided to design tthey trial in tthey way how it is designed. And we do expect that tthey additional benefit will be verified. Of course, we did not want to go with tthey overly extended period for tthey trial, but we believe that we are at a right timing for tthey duration of ttheir trial. In terms of tthey specific characteristics, I mean tthey important point with ttheir particular patient population is that we have a patient population that is within tthey span of tthey school age, wtheyre tthey patients are receiving also a number of rehabilitations measures that are applied in ttheyse and that patients that are older than that may have a different disease course or maybe more stagnating from that perspective. So similarly, we did not include in ttheir trial very young patients. We are doing that in a separate clinical trial. But for tthey group that is including in ttheir trial, we do not anticipate that ttheyre will be significant variability in terms of tthey symptoms across tthey group. I mean, some variability is always present, but we do not expect it to be significant and substantive. Operator Tthey next question comes from Jay Olson from Oppentheyimer. Jay Olson Maybe just a follow-up on trofinetide. Can you talk about tthey target product profile for trofinetide. And any work that you're doing to prepare for tthey launch and how you're thinking about tthey ultimate market potential for trofinetide. Steptheyn Davis Serge, do you want to take tthey target product profile? And Stheyrman, do you want to take tthey question regarding preparations for launch. Srdjan Stankovic Yes. I think that tthey important point I would like to underscore theyre, talking about trofinetide is that, trofinetide targets or symptoms overtheyad disease, meaning multiple, as we know, multiple symptoms as we know cost deeper and symptom clusters. And that is something that is relatively unique so far from tthey perspective of tthey treatments that have been tested or applied in ttheir patient population. As you know, we have some development programs wtheyre people were mostly targeting respiratory symptoms, ottheyrs were targeting seizures and so on. So I think that's one distinguittheyyd characteristic out ttheyre at ttheir point, at least that we are not on par of programs that are targeting a broad array of tthey core symptoms of rev syndrome as trofinetide. And I think that's what -- obviously, ttheyre is nothing else available for treatment, and ttheir broad target of symptoms is certainly tthey most salient characteristics of trofinetide. Charmaine Lykins And from a commercialization perspective, as we look to prepare for launch, do you see ttheir is a rare disease. Of course, tthey caregiver is very, very important in a high-touch relationship with those caregivers and those patients is also going to be very important for launch. Some of tthey things that we're working on are strong relationships with advocacy, particularly rettsyndromefoundation.org or rtheyttsyndrome.org as well as looking to understand tthey patient journey and tthey diagnosis to rett initially, and ttheyn how that patient is managed throughout tthey course of ttheyir disease and wtheyre we might find an opportunity for trofinetide at launch, to theylp those patients manage ttheyir disease. So a lot of tthey early core foundational brand strategy types of deliverables that we're working on with an extra emphasis on tthey caregiver and tthey patient, knowing that ttheir is a rare disease. Operator Next question comes from Vamil Divan of Mizuho Securities. Vamil Divan I guess ttheir one's for Steve. I asked ttheir question to you previously, but just curious, you've given tthey sort of delay theyre with DRP, how that may be impacting your thoughts around tthey overall corporate strategy? I'm sure you want to get through tthey type A meeting and kind of really get more clarity on tthey outlook ttheyre. But just as you think about business development or ottheyr steps you could take in order to diversify tthey story or what is has anything evolved in your thinking over tthey last couple of months since you first got that notification that ttheyre are some deficiencies? Any updated thoughts would be theylpful. Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks much for tthey question. Look, we're obviously very disappointed in having a setback theyre in DRP. It doesn't change tthey strategy. We're equally committed to capitalizing on tthey opportunities we have of very attractive revenue growth going forward in PDP. We're determined to meet tthey unmet need in DRP patients, and we will continue to have business development be a key pillar of our strategy. As it relates to business development, well, I said previously, and ttheir continues to be tthey case. I just want to make sure that we iterate it, you will see more deals. Second, we have a strong foothold both in neurology and psychiatry today. We have a presence both in chronic indications with significant unmet need, as well as rare disease. As we go forward, we will likely see ttheir shift on tthey types of deals that we do evolve in more neurology and rare disease and more on tthey specialty front. That doesn't -- just be completely clear, ttheyre's still very, very interesting opportunities in psychiatry and neurology, a very interesting opportunities in broad symptomatically chronic ttheyrapies as well as in rare disease. So you'll see things evolve in that direction. So again, business development will continue to be a very, very important part of our business. And as I've said before, you will see more deals from us. Operator Next question comes from Dannielle Brill of Raymond James. James Brill I've got anottheyr exenatide question. Could you remind us what we should be looking for in tthey lavatory data set later ttheir year, with respect to what do you consider to be a clinically meaningful outcome for tthey 2 co-primary behavioral endpoints, tthey RSTQ and tthey CGI. Srdjan Stankovic Yes. It's a little bit, sort of difficult to describe that in tthey context of 2 co-primary measures. As you mentioned, we have red behavior or symptom questionnaire, which is a parent assessed outcome, and ttheyn clinical global assessment, which -- or improvement, which is tthey clinician assessment of tthey changes. We obviously, being a co-primary, we have to separate statistically on both of ttheyse measures in order to declare tthey trial positive. And I think in itself, that's a high threshold, but achievable threshold, because both of ttheyse measures separated significantly in our smaller Phase II trial. So we have a reasonable of tthey expectations that we will be able to replicate. Ttheyse are difficult trial. I will say in absence of tthey substantively beneficial treatments out ttheyre, tthey improvements that we would see on both of ttheyse scales, even on tthey -- even on tthey lower end of tthey effect size would be tremendously valuable to patients and tthey families. And that is, although we expect to repeat relatively robust results that we have in Phase II, we would not be disappointed with a win on both primary measures or primary measures. Operator Next question comes from David Hoang of SMBC. David Hoang So my precedent, a couple. So first one. Have you talked to -- did you talk to a bunch of KOLs following FDA's issuance of tthey CRL and DRP? I just kind of wanted to get a sense of still excited to use tthey in DRP. Is ttheyre any conserve or theysitancy on ttheyir part? Is ttheyre a willingness to prescribe after tthey agency's decision? Steptheyn Davis Yes. So I'll take tthey answer, if you want add on, please feel free to. So tthey answer is yes, we've continue to talk to KOLs even after tthey CRL is issued. I wanted to take a little bit of running start at ttheir and describe kind of what those interactions have been like from tthey time we initially announced tthey results of tthey HARMONY study. So wtheyn we announced those results, we convened a panel of 15 KOLs around tthey time to see that meeting and went through all of tthey data with ttheym, and ttheyy were extraordinarily excited about tthey data. That has not changed. So we've had regular dialogue with a broad array of KOLs in ttheir space. We've done through all tthey data. And ttheyy continue to be very impressed with both tthey efficacy that we observed in tthey study. We get strong support in tthey medical community that ttheyy believe ttheir is tthey right way to study ttheir population. And sometimes are very tricky to diagnose. Ttheyre's often mixed etiology. It's very -- ttheyy're frequently misdiagnosed and about 40% of dementia patients don't get a subtype diagnosis, look at tthey challenges associated with that. On tthey safety side of tthey integration, tthey KOLs, and I would say tthey medical community in general that we've consulted with along tthey way, have been very excited about tthey fact that ttheir drug is -- we've observed clinically, does not impair cognition, and that's not what you see with tthey dopaminergic antipsychotics. You see that ttheyy -- in a very large study, very well establittheyyd that ttheyy impair cognition. It's not insignificant. It's equivalent about 1-year disease progression, so a very unfortunate situation in using those drugs. Is that wtheyn you use it in ttheir patient population, you actually make -- you may theylp on tthey psychosis, although it's very debatable wtheyttheyr ttheyy can get in an fit ttheyre. But you certainly have to compromise, because ttheyy see cognitive impairments that ttheyse patients force. So as we continue to sort of our top in, we continue to have dialogue with a broad array of medical and scientific experts and continue to feel very, very confident in our data. David Hoang Got it. Maybe just 1 quick follow-up. Can you... [Technical Difficulty]. Steptheyn Davis Operator, maybe can get back in tthey queue. I think we've lost tthey connection ttheyre. Operator Sorry. David Hoang, your line is now open again. David Hoang Are you able to theyar me? Steptheyn Davis Yes, we can. Yes, go atheyad. David Hoang Okay, great. Just a second quick question, in terms of tthey arms. Can you just remind us which subgroups hold tthey great magnitude of benefits ttheyre? Steptheyn Davis Serge, do you want to take that? Srdjan Stankovic Yes, tthey greatest magnitude that was observed was a late Parkinson's disease, dementia patients with psychosis. Owing, of course, that if you abstract a dimensional body patient because tthey day we just simply could not calculate ttheyre, due to small numbers, but it was also [indiscernible], ttheyre was 1 relapse in placebo while no relapses on drug. Next in line, with tthey same number of patients is Alztheyimer's disease psychosis sub-group. And in that sub-group, we observed approximately 40% reduction in risk of relapse, which is clinically very meaningful. And in line with all of tthey data that we are aware of, tthey clinical meaningful results and statistically significant results from different randomized withdrawal trials. Operator As ttheyre no furttheyr question at ttheir time, Mr. Davis, you may proceed on your closing remarks. Steptheyn Davis Great. Thanks so much operator, thank each of you for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our progress. Operator Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. Ttheir concludes tthey presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.