ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) Q3 2020 Results Earnings Conference Call November 4, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Mark Johnson - Vice President, Investor Relations Steve Davis - Chief Executive Officer Michael Yang - Chief Commercial Officer Dr. Serge Stankovic - President Elena Ridloff - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Ritu Baral - Cowen Neena Bitritto-Garg - Citi Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan Jeff Hung - Morgan Stanley Marc Goodman - SVB Leerink Charles Duncan - Cantor Tazeen Ahmad - Bank of America Kevin Tan - Goldman Sachs Roy Buchanan - JMP Yatin Suneja - Guggentheyim Partners Alan Carr - Needham & Company Gregory Renza - RBC Capital Markets Scott Brill - Raymond James Sumant Kulkarni - Canaccord Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to tthey ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Third Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Giji, and I will be your coordinator for today. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session toward tthey end of today’s call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey presentation over to Mark Johnson, Vice President of Investor Relations at ACADIA. Please proceed. Mark Johnson Thank you. Good afternoon. And thank you for joining us on today’s call to discuss ACADIA’s third quarter 2020 financial results. Joining me on tthey call today from ACADIA are Steve Davis, our Chief Executive Officer, who will provide an overview of our Q3 2020 financial performance and a review of our business. Also joining us on today’s call Michael Yang, our Chief Commercial Officer, who will provide updates on our commercial initiatives; and Dr. Serge Stankovic, our President, who will discuss our pipeline progress. Our Chief Financial Officer, Elena Ridloff, will ttheyn discuss our financial results in more detail, before turning it back to Steve for final remarks and opening tthey call up for your questions. I would also like to point out that we are using supplement slides, which are available on tthey Events & Presentations section of our website. Before we proceed, I would first like to remind you that during our call today, we will be making a number of forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements including goals, expectations, plans, prospects, growth potential, timing of events or future results, are based on current information, assumptions and expectations that are intheyrently subject to change and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Ttheyse factors and ottheyr risks associated with our business can be found in our filings made with tthey SEC. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which are made only as of today’s date. I will now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steve Davis Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to slide five. We have made important and significant progress on our three strategic pillars. First, we are driving tthey growth of NUPLAZID for patients with Parkinson’s Disease psychosis or PDP through a combination of best-in-class virtual engagement and in-person activities. Our second pillar is delivering on tthey dementia-related psychosis or DRP opportunity, a potential second indication representing a 10-fold increase in tthey addressable market size for NUPLAZID. And third, we are developing innovative new treatments by advancing our development pipeline and acquiring new assets. Let’s review in greater detail starting on slide six. For tthey third quarter of 2020, NUPLAZID achieved $120.6 million in net sales, a 27% year-over-year increase, driven by strong commercial execution. Ttheir is a direct result of our ability to successfully pivot and execute in ttheyse uncertain times, as well as a testament to tthey importance of treating PDP. As a result of our continued performance in 2020, we are reiterating our full year net sales guidance to be between $430 million to $450 million, representing 30% year-over-year growth at tthey midpoint of tthey range. We are well-prepared to achieve tthey long-term market opportunity for NUPLAZID in PDP and look forward to tthey addition of tthey DRP indication. Let’s move to tthey DRP opportunity on slide seven. We are excited that pimavanserin could be tthey first and only FDA approved medicine for tthey treatment of Dementia-related psychosis. Psychosis is associated with serious consequences in patients with dementia, such as repeated hospital admissions and increased likelihood of nursing home placement, progression of dementia and increased risk of morbidity and mortality. Dementia-related hallucinations and delusions represent a high burden for patients and for caregivers. We are confident in both tthey efficacy and safety data supporting our supplemental NDA and we will continue to work with tthey FDA to facilitate ttheyir review with a PDUFA date of April 3, 2021. We continue to make important progress in our late stage development pipeline as shown on slide eight, with but ongoing Phase 3 studies with pimavanserin for tthey treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia and with trofinetide for tthey treartment of Rett Syndrome. As part of our third strategic pillar, we remain focused on expanding and diversifying our development pipeline by investing in new treatments. Earlier ttheir year, we brought in two very exciting investigational programs with tthey potential to bring differentiated approactheys to areas of significant unmet need. In tthey spring we in-licensed a muscarinic receptor program including ACP-319 from Vanderbilt University. In ttheir program, we are focused on improving cognition and neuropsychiatric symptoms through an ongoing research collaboration with Vanderbilt. Over tthey summer we acquired CerSci Ttheyrapeutics, which is advancing first in class non-opioid candidates for tthey treatment of acute and chronic pain and a portfolio of earlier stage molecules focused on neurodegenerative disorders. Finally, I’d like to share one more positive update, which will be disclosed in tthey 10-Q we are following later ttheir afternoon. We are pleased to report that tthey Department of Justice notified us recently that it has concluded its investigation of tthey company and will not be taking any furttheyr action. With that, I will now turn it over to Michael to discuss our commercial performance and highlights. Michael Yang Thank you, Steve. Today I would like to review our third quarter performance, which highlights a fundamental strength of our business and gives us confidence in tthey long-term expectations for tthey new NUPLAZID franctheire. Please turn to slide 10. We have driven positive momentum ttheir quarter, growing our base of new prescribers and new patients in both channels. In tthey third quarter, we delivered net sales of $120.6 million, driven by a year-over-year volume growth of 14%. Ttheir quarter’s growth was a result of our best-in-class virtual tactics layered with a mix of opportunistic and COVID appropriate in-person interactions. We have been able to return to offices in several instances for physician visits, as well as an in office promotional programs, all of which have been received well. Our commercial foundation is solid as we continue to leverage our digital platforms to stimulate patient and caregiver conversations with ttheyir physicians about PDP and treatment with NUPLAZID. Importantly we continue to invest in tthey ability to prescribe NUPLAZID remotely. Especially pharmacy channel contributed to tthey strong overall performance as new patient growth has remained at pre-COIVD expectations. In addition, monthly fulfillment rates for both new and continuing patients in tthey quarter remained consistently high. As we mentioned on tthey last call, we observed a temporary COVID related impact to our growth in tthey long-term care channel. In tthey third quarter long-term care facilities were able to get back on track from an operational standpoint and we open ttheyir doors for new admissions. And now we have seen that over tthey past couple of months NUPLAZID prescriptions in tthey LTC channel have stabilized. We continue to build a broad range of partnerships with professional organizations and national electronic theyalth records systems and pharmacies. As a result, NUPLAZID continues to perform well on a relative basis, outperforming a basket of ottheyr LTC promoted products according to IQVIA. Overall we are well-positioned to serve tthey needs of PDP patients with NUPLAZID wtheyrever ttheyy are located. Let’s discuss our dementia related psychosis initiatives on slide 11. Our DRP launch preparations including disease awareness and talent recruitment are on track. We are focused on preparing tthey market through disease stated education initiatives and platforms. For example, we have generated over a 0.25 million views since we launctheyd our disease education website MoreThanCognition.com, with several exciting updates including enhanced capabilities for our lives, virtual expert panel webinars. Tthey introduction of a dementia-related psychosis, MDIQ quiz and new key opinion leader videos focused on tthey neurobiology and unmet need in DRP. We are also syndicating our content from more than cognition on third-party sites such as Doximity, SERMO, Health Casts and Medscape. We continue to be very active at Medical Congresses with several disease education ttheyatres and presentations on PDP and DRP. In addition, we are generating evidence to better understand tthey impact of dementia-related psychosis from tthey perspectives of patients, providers and payers. We recently completed an analysis of Medicare administrative claims data that showed that tthey average annual all cause costs for a newly diagnosed DRP patient compared to a dementia-patient without psychosis nearly doubles reaching almost $90,000 during ttheyir first year with psychosis. Ttheyse results were presented in a poster at tthey Academy of Managed Care Pharmacies Nexus Conference last month. Additional awareness opportunities include a disease education film we sponsored in partnership with a Lewy Body Dementia association titled SPARK-Robin Williams and their Battle with Lewy Body Dementia. SPARK is adapted from tthey full length film released ttheir summer Robin’s Wish and will be available to major academic research institutions and Center of Excellence to drive awareness and education on dementia and its symptoms. I will now turn it over to Serge who will provide an update on our development pipeline. Dr. Serge Stankovic Thank you, Michael, and good afternoon. Please turn to slide 13. First, I am pleased to report that tthey review of our supplemental NDA for dementia-related psychosis is going well and progressing as we would expect. We are working with tthey FDA to facilitate tthey review in a timely fashion and are on track for tthey April 3rd PDUFA date. Our Phase 3 studies are also progressing well. Tthey ADVANCE 2 study for tthey treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia is bringing on site and enrolling patients. Tthey Lavender study for tthey treatment of Rett Syndrome is enrolling well and remains on track for topline results in tthey second half of next year. We acquired two new promising clinical assets earlier ttheir year, ACP-044 from CerSci and ACP-319 from Vanderbilt and are working diligently to advance ttheym in tthey clinic next year. Consistent with our strategy we remain focused on developing innovative new treatments with high unmet need and that is reflected in our growing and advancing pipeline. Now I would like to discuss ACP-044, which is tthey compound we brought in with tthey CerSci Ttheyrapeutic acquisition on slide 14. ACP-044 is reactive species decomposition accelerant or RSDA which represents a first-in-class non-opioid mechanism being about for tthey treatment of acute and chronic pain. Chronic pain is a major problem and tthey CDC estimates that it affects approximately 20% of tthey U.S. adult population and has significant theyalth and economic consequences. Furttheyrmore, moderate to severe acute pain is prevalent following tthey vast majority of surgeries in tthey United States with more severe or extreme pain present in about one-third of tthey cases. ACP-044 have shown compelling and promising results in several animal models of both acute and chronic pain. In Phase 1 clinical testing we have seen favorable tolerability and pharmacokinetics and in tthey first half of next year we will initiate our Phase 2 program with clinical studies in models of both acute and chronic pain. Slide 15 highlights some of tthey exciting new scientific data on team of ancillary being presented at ttheir week’s clinical trial on Alztheyimer’s Disease Conference or CTAD. Ttheir Friday, Dr. Clive Boller from tthey University of Exeter Medical School will present new analysis of pimavanserin in clinical data from four placebo-controlled studies, investigating pimavanserin impact on cognition in patients with neuropsychiatric symptoms related to neurodegenerative disease including dementia-related psychosis. In addition, Dr. Daniel Weintraub from tthey Pearlman’s School of Medicine at tthey University of Pennsylvania will present a poster analyzing tthey impact on motor function in patients treated with pimavanserin in across multiple clinical studies. Tthey presentations at CTAD continue to support tthey overall safety profile of pimavanserin in ttheyse vulnerable patient populations. We remained encouraged with tthey breadth of clinical data, which supports tthey potential role of pimavanserin especially in elderly patients with dementia-related psychosis. Finally, I would like to mention an interesting and encouraging poster that was presented during ttheir year’s International Parkinson and Movement Disorders Society’s Virtual Congress in September on slide 16. It describe described tthey retrospective cohort study conducted in Medicare Parkinson’s disease patients treated with eittheyr pimavanserin or a group of atypical antipsychotics primarily before ttheyrapy [ph]. Tthey outers which includes members of tthey U.S. FDA, tthey Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and Stanford University concluded that pimavanserin treatment was associated with reduced all-cause mortality compared to treatment with atypical antipsychotics. Tthey figure you see on tthey slide is tthey Kaplan-Meier survival curve for tthey pimavanserin and atypical antipsychotics cohort. Tthey key takeaway from ttheir graph is that pimavanserin exhibited a higtheyr survival probability through one year of treatment compared to atypical antipsychotics. Ttheir separation was specifically exhibited in tthey 180 days of treatment in among tthey 85% of patients who were not in nursing homes. Ttheyse findings are in line with tthey way we view pimavanserin and is anottheyr contribution to tthey growing body of data supporting pimavanserin safety profile. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Elena to discuss our financial performance. Elena Ridloff Thank you, Serge. Today I will discuss our third quarter results and our updated 2020 financial outlook. Please turn to slide 18. In tthey quarter, we recorded $120.6 million in net sales. That’s an increase of approximately 27%, compared to $94.6 million of net sales in Q3 of 2019. Ttheir is driven by approximately 40% volume growth year-over-year. Tthey gross to net adjustment for Q3 2020 was 13.2%. Weeks of inventory in tthey channel at tthey end of tthey third quarter were consistent with previous quarters. Moving down tthey P&L, GAAP R&D expenses increased to $120.1 million in tthey quarter, compared to $62.6 million in Q3, 2019. GAAP R&D expense included $52.8 million upfront consideration and transaction expenses related to tthey acquisition of CerSci Ttheyrapeutics in August of 2020. GAAP SG&A expenses increased to $81.6 million in tthey third quarter from $72.7 million in tthey third quarter of last year. Ttheir is largely due to increased advertising and promotional costs, as well as an increase in personnel and related costs. Non-cash stock-based compensation expense during tthey quarter were $21.4 million, compared to $22 million for tthey same period in 2019. Cash used in operations during tthey quarter were $22.8 million, compared to $18.9 million for Q3 2019. Our cash balance at tthey end of tthey quarter was $644.4 million. Please turn to slide 19. For tthey full year 2020, we are reiterating our 2020 net sales guidance to be between $430 million and $450 million. At tthey midpoint of ttheir guidance range ttheir represents approximately 30% growth in revenue year-over-year. As a reminder, gross to net is sequentially higtheyr in tthey fourth quarter as a result of accruing for tthey donut holes obligation associated with year-end inventory in tthey channel. On tthey expense side for 2020, we have increased our GAAP R&D guidance to be between $325 million to $340 million from a previous range of $265 million to $280 million. Ttheir increase is primarily a result of tthey upfront and transaction expenses associated with tthey acquisition of CerSci Ttheyrapeutics. We are reducing our GAAP SG&A guidance to $385 million to $400 million from tthey previous range of $400 million to $420 million. Non-cash stock-based compensation expense is now anticipated to be between $80 million to $90 million in 2020. We will end 20 with a strong balance ttheyyet and our reiterating of our year-end cash guidance of $570 million to $590 million. And with that, I will turn tthey call back over to Steve. Steve Davis Thank you, Elena. Please turn to slide 21. At Acadia we have built a strong organization in neuroscience with best-in-class R&D and commercial capabilities to fully leverage tthey advancement opportunities. Today we are executing on our promise to deliver NUPLAZID patients with PDP. We continue to grow tthey opportunity in PDP, while preparing for a potential second indication in DRP and tthey ability to theylp a much larger magnitude of patients and ttheyir caregivers. We will look forward to keeping you updated on our progress, we are continuing momentum of our NUPLAZID franctheire, and breadth and depth of our brand position of ACADIA for long-term growth. In closing, I would like to thank our employees for ttheyir continued commitment and passion as we advance tthey business. I will now open up tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Ritu Baral from Cowen. Your line is now open. Ritu Baral Hi guys. Thanks for taking tthey question. I wanted to just ask about unit growth. You guys noted that year-over-year you have had 14% volume growth. Can you give us quarter-over-quarter what you are seeing in unit growth? And also if you could just separate tthey unit growth by tthey retail channel and tthey long-term care channel? Thanks. Steve Davis Sure. Thanks Ritu. Elena, you want to take that question? Elena Ridloff Sure. Thanks, Ritu. So sequential volume growth in tthey quarter was approximately 3% and that was driven largely by growth in tthey SP channel, as Michael mentioned in their remarks. We have seen stabilization in SP channel in tthey third quarter sequentially. Ritu Baral Got it. Thanks for taking tthey question. I will hop back into queue. Elena Ridloff Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Neena Bitritto-Garg from Citi. Your line is now open. Neena Bitritto-Garg Hey, guys. Thanks for taking tthey question. I just wanted to ask a quick question about tthey DRP review. Based on tthey timelines that you discussed previously is that kind of safe to say that we are at tthey point now wtheyre tthey FDA is probably not going to change ttheyir mind on holding an AdCom? Thanks. Steve Davis Serge, do you want to start. Serge, are you mute? Let me go atheyad answer that, Serge you may jump up in a second. I wouldn’t say that, just as a reminder, wtheyn tthey FDA indicated ttheyy accepted tthey submission for filing, ttheyy indicated to us at that time that ttheyy do not plan to have an AdCom and we don’t have any information to tthey contrary at ttheir juncture. But it is possible ttheyy could change ttheyir mind. And if you kind of work backward from tthey PDUFA date and think about wtheyn an AdCom could be and ttheyn how much advance notice ttheyy need to give us tthey advance of that, we are not at tthey point yet wtheyre I would say, we could rule out that ttheyy could change ttheyir mind. But at ttheir juncture we do not anticipate having an AdCom. Neena Bitritto-Garg Great. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes in tthey line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Cory Kasimov Hey. Good afternoon guys. Ttheir question is probably for Michael. I appreciate tthey comments you made on tthey disease education you are doing in preparation for tthey potential DRP launch. I guess I am curious what you are learning from all ttheir? I mean, what is your outreach in market research suggest about tthey level of disease awareness and kind of like anticipation or even pent-up demand for new plasmid in DRP at ttheir time? Michael Yang Hey, Cory. Steve Davis Michael, go atheyad. Michael Yang Okay. Thanks Steve. Hey, Cory. Great question. So I think tthey market research that we see is ttheyre’s great theyalthcare practitioner enthusiasm, in part because ttheyre is a understanding that tthey disease treatments that ttheyy have all have some compromise associated with ttheym particularly in areas of cognition, surprisingly more on tthey motor side, EPS, ottheyr things. So tthey safety profile -- well, rattheyr tthey efficacy and safety profile togettheyr are really knocking tthey socks off tthey physicians in regards to tthey potential of deposit. And that’s fits into well into our platform that we are trying to do to really establish with new plans, which is efficacy without impairment. We were able to do that with PDP, as you know, without impacting motor function and ttheyn I think cognition is important safety mechanism that that ttheyy don’t have that ability today. So we are reaching I think a good audience. I think tthey Spark Film will theylp a lot in terms of tthey consumer side. But on tthey on tthey physicians I think we are doing really well in engaging with ttheyir awareness. Cory Kasimov Okay. Good to theyar. Appreciate you taking tthey question. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jeff Hung from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Jeff Hung Thanks for taking tthey question. I was wondering if you can talk about what you have seen over tthey last month or so on new patient starts and persistence and if you have seen any changes in trend as we theyar of cases of COVID increasing? Thanks. Steve Davis Michael, do you want to take that? Michael Yang Sure. Yeah. No. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks on our office based neuroscience side, wtheyre add new patients starts a pre-COVID level and we have not see any impact to fulfillment or persistence and if we have seen a consistently high performance ttheyre. Long-term care as we mentioned stabilizing. We are outperforming a basket of products, as I mentioned. I think it’s important that I think tthey pandemic really hasn’t obviated tthey symptoms of PDP and thus I think ttheyy become even more vocal to treat and we have been able to provide a wide variety of mechanisms to prescribe NUPLAZID and start NUPLAZID for patients in a remote digital environment. So we actually think we are catching patients wtheyttheyr ttheyy are in tthey nursing home or in tthey office or even on tthey remote side. So from our standpoint, I think, we are feeling really good about tthey potential to capture tthey patients. Jeff Hung All right. Just to clarify, so ttheyn was that strictly 3Q or did that also pertain to last month as well? Michael Yang Well, I would say, for long-term care we have seen tthey market stabilize ttheyre in tthey last few months. I think persistence at fulfillment and new starts were for tthey third quarter on tthey neuroscience side of tthey retail side. Jeff Hung Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Marc Goodman from SVB Leerink. Your line is now open. Marc Goodman Serge, can you talk about ACP-044, what kind of proof of concept data did you look at, what you have seen, I mean RSDAx first in class, so maybe you could just give us a little sense of how confident we have something theyre. Dr. Serge Stankovic Yes. Happy to do so. ACP-044 has shown promising results in tthey animal models evaluating a variety of different pain models in seasonal pain, inflammatory pain or robotic pain. And also what we saw in tthey Phase 1 clinical pharmacology studies, displayed a favorable tolerability and pharmacokinectic properties. So we are fairly confident that as one can be based on tthey animal models, and particularly, variety of animal models addressing both acute pain, as well as chronic pain that -- and as well as tthey properties of tthey drug in our Phase 1 studies. We are very confident to move into a Phase 2 development. And as it is right now, we are planning to initiate our Phase 2 study program in tthey first half of next year and current plans include both acute and chronic human pain models in -- for tthey next stage of development. Marc Goodman And ttheyse animal models I assume ttheyse are standard pain models and so I am sure that… Dr. Serge Stankovic Yeah. Marc Goodman … you have a lot of animal model data from what opioids do, so I was just kind of curious, is tthey… Dr. Serge Stankovic Absolutely. Marc Goodman Is tthey play theyre we are better than opioids or we are just as good, but obviously what an opioid that’s a huge advantage? Dr. Serge Stankovic Yeah. Tthey mechanism of action of ACP-044 is such that it acts in periptheyry in a very different manner than tthey opioids obviously, but has a strong analgesic properties that are primarily based in its ability to interfere with multiple pain pathways. And based on tthey animal data obviously you will do comparative studies. Well, we compared with tthey opioids and it displays impressive -- impressing analgesic potential that we saw in tthey preclinical study. So that that gives us a level of confidence and optimism to move forward. So no opioid properties, but a stronger analgesic properties and mode of action that actually interfere with multiple pain pathways. Marc Goodman Thank you. Steve Davis Mark, I would just echo Serge’s thoughts. I’d say, one of tthey things that we found very compelling is tthey consistency of tthey results in tthey animal models. Now we all know that animal model, because tthey animal models and you try to get predictive information for what happens in humans and in some disease states those are more predictive than ottheyrs. But in tthey models that we looked at, one, ttheyy were very consistent, two, I would say, tthey results that we saw running against comparators in those models wtheyn ttheyy run against opioids were produced results that were equal to or better than tthey opioid comparators and tthey ottheyr models were at least equivalent to ottheyr pain relieving agents. So I think it’s too early to say wtheyttheyr tthey ultimate play would be better pain relief than you get with an opioid or just a pain relief that does not have tthey opioid addictive qualities. But I would just simply say that tthey consistency of tthey data in tthey animal models that we saw was very compelling and gives us very high hopes as we now launch into Phase 2. Marc Goodman Thanks, Steve. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Charles Duncan from Cantor. Your line is now open. Charles Duncan Super. Thanks to Steve and team. Congrats on a good quarter and thanks for taking my question. I will try to be brief theyre and respect tthey rule. For Michael, perhaps, do you have any estimate of market penetration? And I think you mentioned consistently high fulfillment rates. Any color on what that means? And ttheyn perhaps for Elena, you guided for $430 million to $450 million for year-end revenue. I guess I am wondering what triggers have to happen for tthey aspirational side of that guide? Steve Davis Michael, do you want to take tthey first question ttheyn we will go to Elena. Michael Yang Yeah. Sure. Hey, Charles. Tthey first part of your question is in terms of PDP, I would say, that our share in tthey market is in tthey high-teens, which is great. And in regards to fulfillment, you know ttheyre is obviously for tthey patients that are taking tthey product patients get close to three bottles a month and that’s a full fulfillment rate. And so it gives you some sense of what we are seeing. We are seeing very high fulfillment rates based on tthey potential of tthey number that we want to call it take rate bottles per patient per quarter and we track that. So that’s been very consistent and very high throughout tthey past really year since tthey 34-milligram launch that we have seen that. Elena Ridloff And with regards to your guidance question around what would need to occur to for us to achieve tthey high end of our guidance. At tthey high end of our guidance we would -- that would require us seeing improvements on tthey LTC channel, as Michael mentioned, in their prepared remarks we are seeing stabilization ttheyre and we are outperforming a basket of peer products seeing improvement in tthey trends in LTC we will beat us to tthey higtheyr end of tthey range. And just a reminder wtheyn you think about Q4 revenue and tthey full year guidance range, we do have higtheyr growth to net sequentially in Q4. So that is a theyadwind in tthey fourth quarter. Charles Duncan Thanks for added color. Congrats. Elena Ridloff Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your line is now open. Tazeen Ahmad Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. First one maybe for Elena, can you give us a little bit of color on SG&A. You weren’t picking up higtheyr in 4Q. Should we expect that trend in general to continue going forward as you are prepping for tthey DRP launch? And ttheyn secondly a question maybe for Michael about tthey updated information you have about targeted physicians for DRP. How much overlap is ttheyre going to be with tthey physicians that you target for PDD? Thanks. Steve Davis Okay. Elena do you want to go first and ttheyn Michael. Elena Ridloff Sure. So, yes, that is right, Tazeen. We will see an increase in SG&A in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheyre’s a few drivers ttheyre. As you mentioned, we are investing atheyad of tthey DRP launch and on both our commercial and medical affairs side. And we are -- as Michael mentioned more recently shifted to more in-person field activities which has higtheyr costs associated with it. In addition we are on air currently with our DTC campaign and so that that investment is in tthey fourth quarter as well. And as you look towards next year we will provide guidance on our year end call, but to qualitatively talk about a few things. We will be expanding tthey field team for DRP in tthey first part of next year and we will also be increasing our marketing investments for a launch both with ttheyse education, as well as brand investments including DTC next year, as well as our medical affairs investments to support tthey launch. Michael Yang And ttheyn -- theyy Tazeen. Tthey way I’d answer that question on targeting is a couple of ways. In many ways we already have a fairly good footprint. For an example in tthey Parkinson’s disease area and in long-term care. And mostly in long-term care we also call geriatric psychiatry and we will have to go deeper obviously with some physicians for example with ttheyir highly and Lewy Body as an example. That would be an expansion within neurology. And ttheyn ttheyre are going to be physicians that we are going to be expanding into psychiatry and what we call dementia care specialists, which are pseudo specialists physicians who are treating a lot of elderly patients and act like tthey de facto specialist dementia care specialist in ttheyir general location. I would also say from a facility and academic perspective, we have a good coverage of tthey key academic centers and tthey LTT facilities, obviously, ttheyre will be more patients on a magnitude basis that are DRP versus PDP. So tthey audience and tthey patient opportunities are going to be larger. But we already do have a group focused on ttheyse key academic centers and those LTC facilities and we will have to expand a bit in terms of long-term care, specifically around memory care units that ttheyy are within long-term care facilities. Tazeen Ahmad Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Kevin Tan Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking tthey question. Ttheir is Kevin on for Salveen. Maybe a question for Steve a big picture. Just as you think about tthey PDP transactions you outlined, how are you thinking about additional ones on ttheir forward and is it likely to be similar first or last stage asset? Steve Davis Yeah. Great. Thanks for tthey question. I am going to -- I will start take a little bit of running start at it. So going to kind of transactionally is an important part of our strategies. I think we have been really clear. It’s important for a couple of reasons. One is we built I think a really highly competitive capability in both tthey R&D space and in tthey commercial space in tthey CNS ttheyrapeutic area. So we want to make certain we take advantage of opportunities to furttheyr leverage those capabilities and that infrastructure that we have. We started early, we started early for a reason. We wanted to be able to be strategic and judicious and that’s what we have done. But I have been very clear that you will see more deals coming from us. You know sometimes we don’t always have tthey luxury of being able to pick tthey precise profile for a deal and match it up with timing that that precise timing. And so I can’t tell you wtheyttheyr tthey next deal will be early-stage deal or late-stage deal, but I will simply say, we have done both so far. Obviously with Trofinetide, we have bought a Phase 3 -- program in Phase 3. With tthey Vanderbilt collaboration we have got a program in Phase 1 and with CerSci we have bought a program in Phase 2 already. So I will just simply say ttheyre will be more deals and tthey same criteria that have driven our deal decision so far will continue to drive additional deals. One is, we start with science. So it has to be compelling scientific and medical case. Two, we do a very good job I think of doing a cradle to grave analysis of assessing assets all tthey way through a projected lifecycle of products that we do a very full commercial assessment even wtheyn we are looking at very early-stage assets, and ttheyn, of course, ttheyre has to be a good fit for our infrastructure and strategy. Kevin Tan Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Paul Matteis from Stifel. Your line is now open. Paul Matteis Hey. Great. Thanks so much for taking my question. I thought that pimavanserin all-cause mortality poster comparing tthey drug to a typical was super interesting. Are any of tthey FDA authors on that poster also involved in tthey DRPS and DA review? I know David Graham is a senior pharmacovigilance guy. Have you spoken to any of ttheyse authors and do you still kind of correspond with ttheym? Thanks. Steve Davis Serge, do you want to take that question? Dr. Serge Stankovic Yeah. To our understanding, people from tthey FDA involved in tthey result would come from tthey drug safety and pharmacovigilance, ttheyir group. We are not aware of anybody from tthey division being involved in ttheyse. But obviously ttheir group is involved in any review of tthey applications. So ttheyy certainly did and ttheir group has been involved as well in tthey reviews on tthey safety of pimavanserin as is involved on tthey ongoing basis. And to your second question, no, we did not have any direct communication. We are looking forward. We are obviously encouraged and find it very interesting and it’s in line with how we understand tthey safety of pimavanserin. But certainly looking forward to maybe a manuscript or publication wtheyre we would have a little better insight into tthey data and methodology apply for ttheir. So at ttheir point all our knowledge comes from simple poster presentation. Kevin Tan Got it. Great. That’s very theylpful. Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jason Butler from JMP. Your line is now open. Roy Buchanan Hey. It’s Roy in for Jason. Thanks for taking our questions. Just hoping, maybe I missed it but you could characterize a bit your current level of in-person interactions with theyalthcare providers? And how do you think it compares to tthey broader field, we have theyard that offices have opened up for patients, but not necessarily for reps. So, can you just give a little characterization around that? Thanks. Steve Davis Michael, do you want to speak to that? Michael Yang Sure. Yeah. Thanks for tthey question. Obviously, it is a hybrid patch of different conditions throughout tthey country. So we leverage a soptheirticated algorithm with our medical team to look at tthey COVID exposures. We look at local practices that are going on with ttheyse facilities in offices. And so I would only be allowed to answer that question in general by it varies by region and by channel. And I would say that long-term care facilities is one channel and ttheyn physician offices as anottheyr channel. And I would just characterize it ranges I would say, between, probably, 25% to 75%, depending on tthey territory region channel situation that we look at. Roy Buchanan Okay. Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Yatin Suneja from Guggentheyim Partners. Your line is now open. Yatin Suneja Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question. Just wanted to refresh some of tthey harmony data with you guys, I think one of tthey pushback or things that we consistently theyar is that, if you look at tthey 12-week data I think some might say that not all dementia subset performed equally well and ttheyn we have not really seen tthey double-blinded portion. So perhaps could you maybe talk about tthey consistency of effect among different dementia subtype that you see in both tthey open-label and randomize that gives you confidence for a broader label for ttheir a particular subset? Thank you. Steve Davis Serge, do you want to take that. Dr. Serge Stankovic Oh! Yeah. Absolutely. Well, tthey data that we presented, particularly, wtheyn you look at tthey open-label data with tthey simplest or subset of different dementia subtypes are larger and we see over 12 weeks of fairly consistent actually a response to pimavanserin treatment. Tthey overall response rate, as well as individual subtype response rates are very cotheysive and consistent and we presented that data tthey last year’s ttheyyet theyad meetings. So, obviously, some subtypes are represented with fewer patients just based on tthey pure epidemiology of tthey disorders and that may affect a little bit of tthey variability. But tthey overall ttheyre is a high level of consistency in terms of tthey strong response, as well as wtheyttheyr you look that on tthey proportion of responders or you look that based on tthey overall decrease on tthey subs H&D score over tthey 12-week period. In both aspects we do a sequence consistency. In terms of tthey double-blind stage, first of all, tthey analysis is prospectively defined for tthey overall dementia related psychosis. But wtheyn you look at tthey subtypes obviously tthey numbers rapidly becomes very small and it’s very difficult to actually on spar some subtypes to draw conclusions. But tthey -- but those that are represented better we do see a fairly consistent response in that -- in tthey double-blind section as well. So I would little bit disagree with tthey characterization that ttheyre is a variability in tthey response that we are seeing. Yatin Suneja Got it. Very theylpful. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line is Alan Carr from Needham & Company. Your line is now open. Alan Carr Yeah. Thanks for taking now open. Coming back to marketing, so your SG&A budgeted, is ttheir going upon 4Q, which is still bringing your guidance down for spent for tthey year. I am wondering what -- to what extent that’s related to COVID-19. And Michael I am curious about your perspective on how much COVID-19 has changed marketing in specialty drug and or some of tthey changes permanent? Thanks. Steve Davis So, Elena do you want to go first ttheyn Michael? Elena Ridloff Yeah. So tthey extremely are largely due our flatted tthey current operating environment and while we are returning to in-person engagement in tthey fields as wtheyn possible Congresses and speaker programs and ottheyr engagements continue to be virtual. Michael, do you think tthey second piece of tthey question? Michael Yang Yeah. Thanks, Alan. I think tthey opportunities tthey way I would describe it in a COVID environment is really shore up tthey muscle digital and remote engagement and so I think from standpoint ACAD and many ottheyr companies are building capabilities that I think are going to sustainable and leverageble in a future environment. So I think that’s a benefit. I am certainly pleased that we have seen a response in our -- to our marketing tactics and getting back to pre-COVID expectations and in part I think that speaks to tthey value of tthey drug and tthey brand loyalty and exposure that we have and we will be using that I think to leverage and expand upon wtheyn we get to DRP. But I think that is without question a commercial organization is stronger in a face-to-face environment. I think that’s clear. And so we are I think all of us or looking forward to getting back into face-to-face interactions. But I think tthey mix will be enhanced with digital and remote tactics and to leverage telemedicine to leverage virtual engagements more on tthey web and through ottheyr tactics. So I think tthey mix is going to shift. But I think I don’t think going away from face-to-face tactics. I don’t think that is -- I don’t think that’s not wtheyre our best promotional commercial foot is put. I think we are better off with a face-to-face interactions. Alan Carr Sure. Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Gregory Renza from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Gregory Renza Hey, Steve and team. Thank you for taking tthey question and congrats on tthey quarter. Steve, just wanted to focus on Europe for a moment and perhaps you could just provide your latest refresh views on tthey plan to unlock value with pimavanserin now that we are getting closer to 2021 and tthey potential DRP approval theyre state side? And perhaps just analogously just thinking about tthey schizophrenia trial that launctheyd ttheir quarter, just curious if you had any thoughts about how that is progressing given that it’s in Europe and tthey foresight of any potential impact with cases of COVID-19 ttheyre? Thank you very much. Steve Davis Yeah. Sure. I will let Serge answer tthey second part. So as it relates to -- I always like to say, wtheyn ttheir topic comes up, that tthey value pie for tthey pimavanserin is theyavily weighted to tthey U.S. Ttheyre is value outside tthey U.S. and we want to make sure that we leverage every element of value that exists. And as it relates to launching in Europe, I will start ttheyre, our view has been that we made a decision a couple of years ago to frame ship things to try to get a better opportunity to get more indications within tthey same period of exclusivity. We have a global launch strategy that expands beyond Europe and with a certain sequencing that we anticipate going through. And at ttheir juncture, I would just simply say that, we are not quite yet at a point wtheyre ready to reveal more and to talk more specific timelines for submissions outside of tthey U.S. But I would just simply say that we have a global -- coordinated global plan for doing that and as we progress in ttheir frame shipment strategy that are described we will come back and speak more to it. Serge, do you want to take ttheir schizophrenia question? Dr. Serge Stankovic Yeah. Sure. Our second pivotal trial in negative symptoms schizophrenia ADVANCE 2 is progressing well. Now it’s early in tthey study. We initiated it in tthey mid-summer. So ttheyse are early months. But we are seeing very good interest than initial involvement, as well as scaling up tthey sites or tthey trial. It is done in Europe. And to your question related to COVID, obviously, it’s -- although it’s very difficult to make any generalization, because ttheyre is a certain level of variability from country-to-country, how ttheyy are approaching COVID and to what extent. I think overall -- in some countries obviously it’s slowed down, but overall in tthey trial, we are so far pleased how things are progressing and tthey progress we are making. So that’s generally tthey situation with tthey study. Gregory Renza That’s great. Thanks guys. Steve Davis Yeah. Thank you. Elena Ridloff Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Scott Brill from Raymond James. Your line is now open. Scott Brill Hi, guys. Good evening. Thanks for tthey question. So I was just wondering if you could provide some color on any discussions that you have had with tthey agency and how tthey Black Box warning might be addressed for tthey DRP label or if those haven’t been initiated yet at what point during tthey review process do you think those conversations might start taking place? Thanks. Steve Davis Serge, do you want to address that? Dr. Serge Stankovic Yes. Hi, Scott. Tthey -- we -- it’s early in tthey review process to -- for that sort of a discussion, usually that, of course, toward tthey end of tthey review process wtheyn tthey labeling is discussed. So ttheyre is -- ttheyre were no any specific discussions with tthey FDA related to tthey Box warning ottheyr than us and ttheym discussing tthey overall extent of tthey safety data that we will be including in our supplemental NDA. And ttheyn I do want to repeat theyre that we feel very comfortable and confident in both efficacy and safety package that we included in tthey supplemental NDA and definitely it’s tthey largest database -- safety database in ttheir patient population that we are aware of. So we are comfortable with that. But it’s too early and obviously mature for those kinds of discussions. So we didn’t expect that, but expect that towards tthey end of tthey video. Scott Brill Understood. Thanks for tthey question. Operator Thank you. We have time for one more question. Sumant Kulkarni from Canaccord. Your line is now open. Sumant Kulkarni Thanks for taking my question. So from a commercial perspective if a disease modifying product is approved for Alztheyimer’s disease and is on tthey market, do you foresee any competitive impact at all for allocation of tthey payer reimbursement dollar pipe for symptom management products such as pimavanserin wtheyn you hit tthey market next year for DRP? Steve Davis Yeah. Thanks for tthey question. Michael you want to start? Michael Yang Sure. Thanks for tthey question. I think stepping back it’s really important to remember that in tthey dementia space caregivers and patients have been waiting for some innovation for a very long time. It’s important to note that dementia related psychosis today is an unmet need with no approved medication. And so frankly we take tthey view that both pimavanserin and tthey Biogen products are treating different indications. But tthey increased attention on available treatments for caregivers and patients in ttheir space would be a very good thing. And so, I think, we don’t view ttheir as a take away. We view it as a net positive to market attention of a disease state that has been underserved for a long time. Sumant Kulkarni Got it. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Mr. Davis, please proceed to closing remarks. Steve Davis Great. Thank you, Operator. Just want to say thanks again everyone for joining us today. We very much appreciate your time and look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. Operator Thank you for your participation in today’s conference call. Ttheir concludes tthey presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.