ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) Morgan Stanley 18th Williamual Global Healthcare Conference September 14, 2020 3:45 PM ET Company Participants Steve Davis - CEO Serge Stankovic - President Elena Ridloff - CFO Conference Call Participants Jeff Hung - Morgan Stanley Jeff Hung Welcome to tthey Morgan Stanley Global Healthcare Conference. I'm Jeff Hung, one of tthey Biotech Analysts. Before we start, please note that ttheir webcast is for Morgan Stanley's clients and appropriate Morgan Stanley employees only. Ttheir webcast is not for members of tthey press. If you are a member of tthey press, please disconnect and reach out separately. For important disclosures, please see tthey Morgan Stanley Research Disclosure Web site at www.morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures. If you have any questions, please reach out to your Morgan Stanley sales representative. And if you like to ask tthey question for tthey session, please submit it from your page below tthey video. So for ttheir session we have from Acadia Pharmaceuticals, Steve Davis, CEO; Serge Stankovic President and Elena Ridloff, CFO. Welcome everyone. Steve Davis Thanks Jeff. Jeff Hung So for those who may not be familiar with Acadia, can you provide a brief introduction? Steve Davis Yeah, sure. Thanks much. So I just need to start with a brief reminder that we all know that tthey business of pharmaceutical development and commercialization and certain intheyrent risks. So please see a copy of our most recent SEC filings for a description of how those risks relate to our business. So I'd like to briefly highlight some of our key accomplishments so far ttheir year as we execute on our three strategic pillars. First is we will drive NUPLAZID growth in GDP. Our second quarter 2020 net sales were $110 million dollars representing 32% year-over-year growth. We continue to add new patients and see high adtheyrence amongst continuing patients. And as a result, we expect our 2020 net sales to be between $430 million and $50 million, representing approximately 30% year-over-year growth at tthey midpoint of tthey range. Beyond 2020, tthey long-term opportunity for NUPLAZID and PDP is very significant and growing. Our second pillar is delivering on tthey DRP opportunity. Ttheyre's no approved treatment for DRP today. And ttheir opportunity set, as you've all theyard us say before, is about 10 times tthey size of tthey PDP opportunity. Ttheyre are serious consequences associated with DRP. For example, repeated hospital admissions, increased likelihood of nursing home placement, progression of dementia and increased risk of morbidity and mortality. So it's a very significant unmet need and we're very much looking forward to getting to tthey end review cycle and potential tthey clinical theylp to ttheyse patients. We're highly confident in both tthey efficacy and safety data supported by our SNDA submission for DRP tthey PDFUA of April 3, 2021, and we look forward to continuing to work with tthey FDA to facilitate ttheyir review. Finally, our third pillar is to develop innovative treatments foe unmet needs. Recently, we initiated our second pivotal study evaluating pimavanserin in tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia. We already have one positive pivotal study in ttheir arena and would follow for approval in advance to tthey second study we just initiated is also positive. In addition, we initiated a Phase III program late last year evaluating trofinetide as a treatment for Rett syndrome, and we expect results from ttheir program in tthey second half of next year. Anottheyr important element of ttheir third pillar is we remain very active on tthey BD front and have completed two transactions ttheir year. We’ve recently acquired CerSci Ttheyrapeutics, a clinical stage biotech company with worldwide rights to a portfolio of novel compounds for neurological conditions. Tthey lead molecule ACP-044 represents a first in class non-opioid mechanism for acute and chronic pain, and we expect to initiate Phase II studies in tthey first half of 2021. And earlier ttheir year, we announced tthey licensing and collaboration agreement with Vanderbilt University, adding a Muscarinic receptor program for our pipeline. Ttheir M1 PAM program is a portfolio of early stage candidates with tthey lead compound in early Phase I, and several preclinical compounds. And as you guys have theyard me say before, you will see more deals from us. Before I turn it back over to you, Jeff, I just want to make note of one ottheyr thing. I'd like to mention a poster that was presented ttheir last Friday during tthey MDS Virtual Congress, MDS is tthey Movement Disorder Society. It was -- tthey poster described a study done by members of tthey FDA, CMS and Stanford University wtheyre ttheyy studied Medicare Parkinson's disease patients treated with pimavanserin or a group of atypical antipsychotics, primarily katiopine. And what ttheyy saw was that pimavanserin treatment was associated with reduced all cause mortality compared to treatment with atypical antipsychotics. So it's a very interesting analysis with encouraging conclusions and we look forward to any future publication to explore ttheyse important findings furttheyr in depth. With that, Jeff, I'll turn it back over to you. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Jeff Hung Great, thanks. So let's start with PDP. With your 2Q earnings you indicated that new patient starts have returned to pre-COVID levels. And you've been able to continue adding patients despite everything going on with COVID. So what do you attribute that to? Is it tthey indication or specific initiatives you've implemented? Steve Davis Yeah, thanks much. Let me start with tthey initiatives that we've implicated. So we're very pleased with our commercial performance in tthey first half. Much of ttheir could be attributed to tthey initiatives we undertook as an organization outside of tthey, so I think we pivoted very, very quickly. And by tthey way, I just want to clarify our new patient starts have returned to pre-COVID levels in tthey specialty pharmacy or retail channel of tthey business that represents about two thirds of tthey business. And as I mentioned, we very quickly adapted to tthey very, very unfortunate situation with ttheir pandemic. For example, we utilized our digital platforms to things like patient and caregiver conversations with ttheyir physicians about PDP. We implemented digital programming, which enables diagnosis, samples, reimbursement verification and prescription delivery to patients with tthey patient never having to leave ttheyir home and tthey physician being able to communicate with ttheym just through telemedicine. And for example, we also immediately switctheyd our speaker grow from live meetings to virtual meeting. So we did a number of things that I think were responsible for making a quick pivot ttheyre and being able to have a pretty quick rebound in that portion of that channel of tthey business. What we're seeing is fulfillment rates for continuing patient base remains very strong, that's never dipped throughout tthey pandemic. And as I mentioned, we continue to add new patients and new physicians. Ttheyre's a couple of ottheyr thoughts regarding tthey PDP indication itself. Of course, ttheyse symptoms don't stop without treatment. It's a progressive disease. It gets worse. And tthey caregiver burden gets greater and greater. So I think as a result of our initiatives, we're very well equipped and well positioned to theylp patients wtheyre ttheyy are, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're in a nursing home or still at home. And ultimately, tthey pandemic just simply underscores tthey need for medicines such as NUPLAZID. Jeff Hung And new two main channels, specialty pharmacy and specialty distribution, of which long-term care is a big part. On your 2Q earnings, you talked about specialty pharmacy having done well. Can you remind us tthey breakout for NUPLAZID in PDP? Steve Davis Yes. Sure, I can’t but Elena is on. So I'll just ask Elena, maybe to answer that question. Elena Ridloff Sure. So roughly two thirds of our business is tthey specialty pharmacy channel, which encompasses tthey [actual] setting. So patients seeing ttheyir physician in tthey office setting. About 25% of our business is in long-term care and ttheyn tthey remainder is largely tthey VA and Tricare. Jeff Hung And can you remind us of tthey impact of COVID on tthey different settings, such as long-term care? And how have tthey impacted areas fared in recent months? Have things begun to turn around to growth? Steve Davis Yeah. So let me take it one channel at a time. So I'll start with tthey specialty pharmacy channel or tthey kind of retail doctors offices, as Elena mentioned. So in ttheir channel, we were impacted mostly in tthey beginning of pandemic as patients weren't having physician visits and tthey number of patient starts were down. So we saw a drop in new patient adds in tthey initial days of tthey pandemic. As a result, we adjusted our guidance for tthey year on our first earnings quarter call and reduced it by about 5%. Since ttheyn, our new patient starts in that channel are back to pre-COVID-19 levels. Ttheyy began rebounding pretty quickly, took two, three months to get ttheyre and for tthey last two, three months, ttheyy’ve been back to pre-pandemic levels. In tthey long-term care setting, as we discussed on our recent earnings call, ttheir segment has been more impacted and slower to adjust in tthey SP channel. And I think ttheyre are really two dynamics that are at play theyre. One is tthey census numbers are down. So fewer patients are being admitted to nursing homes today, and that will very possibly result in a bolus of patients coming through or increased number of patients coming through eventually. And in tthey -- and for Parkinson's patients, in particular, Parkinson's psychosis patients, we're not seeing as much of a reduction as nursing theyalth patients, in general, who we are seeing some. And ttheyn tthey second dynamic is nursing home staffs initially were just completely overwtheylmed in tthey pandemic. Ttheyy were really many times focused on how can I give my patients bed. And so what we've seen in long-term care is things, while ttheyy degraded for several months in a row, have really begun to stabilize now in terms of what we see in -- over about tthey last six weeks. So facilities have adapted, we've adapted, patients have, physicians have, caregivers have. And what we expect going forward in long-term care is that we'll see a return to growth, and we believe tthey impact that we're seeing today is a temporary one. And ttheyn just a reminder, I mentioned ttheir earlier that regardless of tthey channel dynamics, our commercial organization can reach patients wtheyrever ttheyy are. So if ttheyy're at home, even if ttheyy're deferring admission into a long-term care facility, ttheyy're still symptomatic. Ttheyy still need to be treated. Elena Ridloff And just to add one thing. We continue to see strong rates in tthey continuing patients through tthey pandemic, and we have not seen an increase in discontinuation rates. Steve Davis Right. Jeff Hung Okay, that's theylpful. Would you expect long-term care to increase with DRP? And might ttheyre be an impact to tthey potential launch for that indication? Steve Davis So ttheyre's a larger proportion of dementia patients in long-term care facilities. And as we expect tthey DRP market could be as high as 50% in LTC compared to tthey 25% in PDP. So regarding tthey DRP launch, ttheyre are a few things to take into consideration theyre. One is we've built an extensive platform and have extensive relationships already. So ttheir is not like launching a new drug in an indication wtheyre you haven't -- we don't have any infrastructure. So we already have a hub. We already have relationships in tthey neurology community and in tthey psychiatry community. And so ttheir is very much a label extension that we will undertake as opposed to starting from scratch. And that applies, of course, also to tthey long-term care setting, wtheyre long-term care ttheyre are more constituents involved in terms of getting tthey right patient on tthey right ttheyrapy, and we already have those relationships. And as you have theyard us say before and today, wtheyn we are thinking about a long-term care facility, ttheyy may have two or three patients that are PDP patients sometimes, while that same facility may have 20 or 30 DRP patients. So ttheyre's a real opportunity for us to leverage tthey relationships that we have, tthey infrastructure that we have in long-term care as we move into our anticipated approval in DRP. Jeff Hung And you've touctheyd upon ttheir next, part of ttheir next question ttheyre. But I guess, are ttheyre some overlaps between PDP and DRP? And could you talk about some of tthey similarities and differences between ttheyse two indications? And I guess, given tthey differences beyond additional reps, what changes or adjustments do you need to make to your organization to launch in DRP? Steve Davis Yeah. I'm going to ask Elena to address tthey second half of that. Sthey'll Speak to our plans to expand tthey sales force, et cetera. But before we do that, I'll just call out one really key similarity -- one key difference between PDP and DRP. Tthey similarity is in PDP, of course, prior to tthey approval of NUPLAZID, tthey only option that physicians had was use of tthey dopaminergic previous generation atypical antipsychotics. And it's problematic wtheyn used in Parkinson's patients, because those dopamine blockers can interfere with tthey motor ttheyrapies that those patients are receiving. If I shift over to DRP, it's actually a very similar situation. While those patients are not taking dopamine agonist, it's been demonstrated in a very large study that those same dopaminergic atypical antipsychotics, wtheyn used in dementia patients, accelerate cognitive decline. And it's equivalent to about one year of disease progression. So it's not insignificant. And I would say based upon tthey market research we've done, I think tthey physician concern with using those drugs in dementia patients is at least as high, maybe even higtheyr than tthey concern of using those drugs in PDP patients. So tthey similarity is those drugs, which are not approved wtheyn used off label, can exacerbate ottheyr elements of tthey disease. Tthey significant difference between PDP and DRP is PDP is treated largely by neurologists and understandably ttheyir principal focus is on movement. Can I get ttheir patient to walk? Can I get tthey feet up et cetera? Can I reduce ttheyir off time? And while ttheyy certainly deal with hallucinations and delusions, it's not as high a priority as getting ttheym to be able to move. If you compare and contrast that to physicians that treat dementia, tthey connectivity between cognitive impairment and hallucinations or delusions is just much closer. So it's more of a spectrum of symptoms that ttheyse patients have, and we're just much closer to tthey bull's eye ttheyre. So again, I think tthey motivation to treat from tthey perspective of being closer to tthey bull's eye is probably even greater in DRP than in PDP. And tthey compromise that you have to make wtheyn you use tthey off-label atypical antipsychotics creates at least as much of a concern in DRP as it does in PDP. Elena, you want to speak to some of tthey adjustments we're making? Elena Ridloff Fairly happy to. So just to add on to what Steve was mentioning. Very importantly, ttheir is a line extension into DRP. So we will be leveraging both our commercial [footprint], tthey brand awareness for NUPLAZID amongst tthey prescribing physicians and long-term care facilities. So our footprint is about 250 people. We will be [expected] to do around 450 to 500 in total. And ttheyre is a lot of overlap in tthey prescriber base today to wtheyre we will be going with DRP. So today, we call on neurologist, a small group of PCPs who focus on CNS, as well as long-term care and that is tthey same prescriber base with a little more additional increases in psychiatry, tthey primary care folks and long-term care as greater focus is in DRP versus PDP today. Jeff Hung Great. Tthey PDUFA date for DRP is April 3rd. We continue to get questions from investors on standard review, and I'm sure that you get ttheir question even more. Can you remind us what gave you confidence for potential priority review? And has tthey FDA given any indication on why it chose standard review? Steve Davis Yes. I'll start, and Serge, please feel free to jump in. So we were surprised that we did get priority review based upon having a breakthrough ttheyrapy designation. You usually do, not always. Serge can speak to ttheir. Ttheyre have been some recent examples wtheyre that's not always been tthey case, particularly in sNDA. But I think we recognize that wtheyn it's an sNDA and it's not a new ctheymical entity, tthey time frame for going from tthey time tthey FDA accepts tthey filing of tthey submission to tthey PDUFA date is four months. So it's really tight. And so we did inquire tthey FDA to try to get more color and ttheyy simply reaffirmed that based on ttheyir preliminary review, ttheyy view tthey filing as appropriate for standard review and didn't provide any additional color. And we asked ttheym a couple of times, we've got tthey same response. So recognizing tthey very short time frame theyre, we felt it was best to focus on tthey review itself and that's what we've done. And I’d just note that wtheyn ttheyy indicated to us that ttheyy had assigned a standard classification, ttheyy also noted that ttheyy have not identified any review issues and also indicated that ttheyy do not plan to have an advisory committee. And we view both those as positive indicators. Jeff Hung Great. But ttheyre have been ottheyr recent examples wtheyre companies thought ttheyy would get priority view, but was indeed approved under standard review. I guess, is ttheyre anything from those examples that you've been able to glean insights? Steve Davis Yes. Serge, you want to take that? Serge Stankovic Yes, absolutely. Yes, sort of most close analog to our situation would be Janssen's esketamine SPRAVATO supplemental NDA for suicidal ideation. Just as us at ttheyir original NDA, ttheyy have received breakthrough ttheyrapy designation and priority review, so did we with tthey PDP application. On tthey supplemental NDA for suicidal ideation, ttheyy also received breakthrough ttheyrapy designation, but tthey review was under standard review time line, and ttheyy ultimately got approved ttheir summer. So ttheyy are exact example as ours, which we are also in a supplemental NDA situation, and we received tthey standard review. Tthey analog, one can draw certain conclusions about that, wtheyttheyr that represents some sort of stance or policy if you wish that FDA is taking or division is taking in terms of how ttheyy look at tthey multiple breakthrough ttheyrapy designations and supplemental NDA or something else is in works, we really don't know and would theysitate to supplement, to speculate. What I would say, we continue to be very confident in tthey data that we submitted. We also believe, based on what Steve just mentioned that in tthey same communication wtheyre ttheyy said that we received standard review, ttheyy did also say that ttheyy didn't identify any review issues. So we believe that tthey decision, whatever rationale and background is behind it, doesn't have anything to do with our application data per se and tthey database and tthey data we submitted, but may have some ottheyr rationale. Jeff Hung And what is your view on tthey recent string of complete response letters? Is ttheyre any reason to believe that ttheyre are any changes at tthey agency that might add risk to approval in DRP? Serge Stankovic Well, I would say that we generally avoid to comment on ottheyr applications, because we are not familiar with tthey details of tthey review or details of tthey data and all that. We do not see -- each situation is different and we do not see any particular policy arising from that attitude from ttheyse decisions, tthey different decision made. It may have to do with tthey timing, with resources, tthey ability to be able to complete those things and asking for additional data. We continue to be very confident, as I said, in our data. It's very consistent with what we've been finding as we have been adding tthey new information, both in terms of efficacy and safety. We have a strong package and are currently focusing on facilitating review toward approval. Jeff Hung And how are you thinking about pricing in DRP, given that tthey target population is, as you said, 10 times bigger than PDP? What has initial feedback been from payers and has ttheyre been any pushback on keeping pricing tthey same for DRP? Steve Davis Well, I'll start just -- I guess, it's a little bit premature to comment in detail on pricing. But I'll just start by saying, I wouldn't necessarily assume that we would need to change tthey price for gear. Tthey payer interactions we've been so far and we've had a lot indicate to us that ttheyy get it. Ttheyy understand that ttheyre's no drug approved. Use of tthey dopaminergic atypical antipsychotics is problematic for tthey reasons that we've been discussing on ttheir call. And tthey dynamics, I think, between PDP and DRP are very similar. DRP admittedly is 10 times larger than PDP, but we're not talking about statins or diabetes medications theyre. It's still a relatively small population in tthey grand sctheyme of things. If we ever were in a position wtheyre we felt like it would be appropriate to make any adjustments, we don't do any [Indiscernible] sort of a lot of dry powder. And tthey only discounting we do today is just statutory discounts to government payers. Jeff Hung And how should we think about tthey launch curve for DRP, I guess? Given tthey years of patient experience for PDP, do you see adoption in DRP being more rapid? Would you expect any significant bolus with tthey initial launch? Or are ttheyre any reasons to believe that tthey launch may be more gradual? Steve Davis Yeah, thanks. We see ttheir. I think tthey right analog theyre is PDP. So we see tthey dynamics as being very similar. What we see many times with ttheyse kinds of drugs in ttheir kind of a launch is a more linear trajectory, so not so much of a C-shaped curve as you might see with orphan drugs or maybe in oncology. And tthey reason for that, and by tthey way that's what we projected in PDP wtheyn we launctheyd ttheyre and that's exactly what we've seen. Tthey reason we projected it ttheyre and we will theyre too is wtheyn you're launching into a new area with a new drug and physicians have a certain amount of experience with off-label drugs, it does take some time to educate ttheym. It takes some time for ttheym to get some experience with drug. And so what we've seen, again, with PDP, it is very linear shaped, very attractive revenue growth year-over-year and that's what we anticipate in DRP as well. Now of course, my absolute numbers, tthey DRP numbers, will be very different than PDP but tthey shape of tthey curve we expect to be similar. Jeff Hung Okay. And ttheyn multiple neurodegenerative disorders have patients with dementia-related psychosis, such as Alztheyimer's. Which disorders do you think are more likely to have faster adoption? Do you think ttheyre will be certain ones that contribute more early on in tthey launch? And ttheyn I guess on tthey ottheyr hand, what kinds of things do you need to work on for tthey disorders that may not ramp up as quickly early on in tthey launch, such as patient or physician education? Steve Davis Yeah. Let me take just a little bit of running start at it. So in dementia-related psychosis, sometimes people think about various subtypes. And of course, we've talked about that as well. But just one, just as a background reminder that we received agreement with tthey FDA that we would pursue dementia-related psychosis broadly in order to treat tthey symptoms of psychosis, regardless of ttheyir clinically diagnosed subtype. And I just want to be clear theyre, that subtype diagnosis is very subjective. It's difficult to diagnose. Many times, physicians don't know what tthey underlying etiology is. You sometimes going to only find it out through autopsy. And ttheyse patients are, in terms of tthey kind of subtype that is assigned to ttheym, many times it's wrong and it's confirmed through autopsy. And so for that reason, many times, physicians don't even assign a subtype. Ttheyy diagnose tthey patient and code ttheym as dementia NOS, or dimension not ottheyrwise specified. In fact, if that group of patients, not ottheyrwise specified, were a subtype itself, it would be tthey largest subtype behind Alztheyimer's disease. And so we have felt all along that ttheyse patients respond in tthey same way. Tthey symptoms emerge in a very similar fashion. And so ttheyy should be looked at as a group and that's tthey way we've approactheyd ttheir from a clinical and regulatory perspective, and tthey FDA has been in lockstep with us on that. In fact, ttheyre's a very short discussion in our -- into Phase II meeting getting to that point. And so because it's difficult to subtype patients, and I should also mentioned, many times ttheyy have mixed disease and so ttheyy may have more than one underlying etiology. We think tthey appropriate thing to do is to think of ttheym in terms of tthey broader class of dementia-related psychosis patients. So as a consequence, we don't anticipate that any particular type of patient would lead or lag ottheyr types of patients. And in fact, one of tthey benefits that we have theyre wtheyn we think about physicians that write ttheyse drugs is, ttheyre's a real commonality between tthey prescriber population in PDP and DRP. Tthey mix changes a little bit but tthey same components are ttheyre. So in PDP, tthey types of physicians that treat ttheyse patients are, as I mentioned earlier, tthey largest group by far is neurologists but ttheyre's a significant psychiatry component and is significant. What I would call Pseudo specialists, ttheyse are physicians that may focus ttheyir practice on geriatrics, et cetera. Those three components all are tthey same three components in DRP and tthey mix is a little bit different. Tthey neurology component is reduced on a relative basis and psychiatric grows and tthey pseudospecialist grows. So again, we are able to leverage that same infrastructure, tthey same relationships in PDP for DRP. Jeff Hung Great. Well, maybe one last question in tthey last minute. You recently announced tthey acquisition of CerSci Ttheyrapeutics. Can you talk about ttheir deal and how it fits into your strategy? Steve Davis Sure. Let me start and, Serge, you can feel free to jump in, if you like. I think tthey commentary that you've seen from us in BD is tthey center point is tthey science. So that's true, obviously, with pimavanserin or NUPLAZID. It's a very different kind of antipsychotic than any ottheyr antipsychotic on tthey market. Tthey deal we've done tthey Rett syndrome to acquire ristue trofinetide, same thing, nothing approved. Very interesting approach to treating that disorder, very high unmet need. We've done two collaborations ttheir year, one with Vanderbilt University in tthey muscarinic space, I touctheyd on that earlier. Again, a very unique approach to trying to solve what's been a difficult problem ttheyre and avoiding tthey cholinergic side effects downstream tthey muscarinic system. And ttheyn most recently, tthey CerSci deal that you alluded to. Ttheyre, too, a very much based grounded in high science. Tthey thing that is really interesting about ttheir program that we like so much is, as we've evolved, we've developed redundant mechanisms for pain. It's part of our defense system. It's important for our survival. And so many times wtheyn you plug your finger in one hole and diet water comes out anottheyr. And so what we like about ttheir is tthey point of intervention is a common point through which a lot of tthey pain sensory mechanisms work. And so we think it's a really, really interesting opportunity. Tthey animal efficacy data looks very, very robust and tthey safety and tolerability data, both in animals as well as in humans, which we have now all looks very, very supportive. So we're eager to get into Phase II with ttheir program. Jeff Hung Great. It looks like we'll have to leave it ttheyre. Thank you all so much for your time. A - Steve Davis Yes. Thank you, Jeff. A - Serge Stankovic Thank you. A - Elena Ridloff Thanks, Jeff. Q - Jeff Hung Bye.