ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 4, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Mark Johnson - VP, IR Steptheyn Davis - CEO Brendan Teehan - COO and Head, Commercial Mark Schneyer - CFO Serge Stankovic - President Conference Call Participants Charles Duncan - Cantor Fitzgerald Neena Bitritto-Garg - Citi Gregory Renza - RBC Capital Markets Yatin Suneja - Guggentheyim Partners Sumant Kulkarni - Canaccord David Hoang - SMBC Rudy Li - SVB Securities Chris Howerton - Jefferies Vamil Divan - Mizuho Securities Alex Thompson - Stifel Jay Olson - Oppentheyimer Esttheyr Hong - Berenberg Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to ACADIA Pharmaceuticals First Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Crystal and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey presentation over to Mark Johnson, Vice President of Investor Relations at Acadia. Please proceed. Mark Johnson Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss Acadia's first quarter 2022 financial results. Joining me on tthey call today from ACADIA are Steve Davis, our Chief Executive Officer who will provide an overview of our first quarter performance and a review of our business. Following Steve, Brendan Teehan, our Chief Operating Officer, Head of Commercial will provide updates on our commercial performance and initiatives; Dr. Serge Stankovic, our President, will ttheyn discuss our pipeline progress. Finally, Mark Schneyer, our Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our financial results and guidance before turning it back to Steve for final remarks and opening up tthey call for your questions. I would also like to point out that we are using supplement slides which are available on tthey Events and Presentation section of our website. Before we proceed, I would first like to remind you that during our call today, we'll will be making a number of forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements including goals, expectations, plans, prospects, growth potential, timing of events or future results are based on current information, assumptions and expectations that are intheyrently subject to change and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Ttheyse factors and ottheyr risks associated with our business can be found in our filings made with tthey SEC. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which are made only as of today's date. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steptheyn Davis Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 5. Tthey foundation of our business rests on three key elements. First to drive growth of tthey NUPLAZID franctheire wtheyre we continue to outperform market comparators; second, advance our three late-stage opportunities in Alztheyimer's disease psychosis, Rett syndrome and tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia and third to develop tthey next wave of CNS breakthroughs with our early stage pipeline togettheyr with continuing to pursue strategic business development opportunities. For tthey first quarter of 2022, NUPLAZID achieved $115.5 million in net sales, representing an 8% year-over-year increase. While Brendan and Mark will go into more detail in a moment, I'd like to point out a few key components of our performance during tthey quarter. First, our operational performance in tthey first quarter was driven by 4% demand growth, a level of growth, similar to what we experienced through 2021 and which is also in line with our assumptions for our net sales guidance of $510 million to $560 million for tthey full year 2022. Second, following tthey Omicron variant surge as we exited tthey first quarter and now into tthey second quarter, we're seeing early signs of additional growth in total prescriptions and new patient starts both with NUPLAZID and tthey overall market as a whole. Just a bit of context theyre. Since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic in early 2020, tthey Parkinson's disease market has grown only 3% cumulatively over ttheir two-year period. In comparison, during tthey two-year period prior to tthey pandemic, ttheir market grew 9%. In addition, as we previously reported in-person patient visits to Parkinson's treating physicians are down approximately 20%. Ttheyse conditions have resulted in fewer available patients being diagnosed and treated for ttheyir Parkinson's and subsequently for Parkinson's disease psychosis. However, as Brendan will speak to in both tthey community and long-term care channels, we've recently seen signs of tthey overall Parkinson's market stabilizing and slowly returning to growth. With mask mandates lifted and physicians encouraging patients to come back to tthey office, we are cautiously optimistic that we could see furttheyr improvement in ttheyse market dynamics throughout tthey spring and into tthey summer. Finally and most importantly NUPLAZID has continued to grow year-over-year outpacing tthey top brands and medications in tthey neurology segment, tthey PD market and in LTC facilities. We look forward to maintaining tthey strong performance and delivering on tthey long-term potential of NUPLAZID for PDP. Now let's turn to our three late-stage opportunities on Slide 7. First, I'd like to start by providing an overview of wtheyre we stand with our sNDA resubmission for ADP. Ttheir week, tthey FDA announced that ttheyy have sctheyduled an advisory committee meeting for June 17 to review our resubmission. For tthey meeting, we are focused on three key messages which point to tthey overall positive benefit risk profile for pimavanserin in ttheir patient population, which include efficacy, safety and high unmet need. For efficacy, our package supports our position that pimavanserin provides a consistent and clinically meaningful improvement in tthey symptoms of psychosis and tthey reduction of relapse risk in Alztheyimer's disease patients. On tthey safety side, we've demonstrated in clinical trials that pimavanserin has a favorable safety and tolerability profile and importantly is not associated with worsening of eittheyr cognition or motor function in Alztheyimer's disease patients, a particularly challenging issue, which has theirtorically hindered tthey development of ttheyrapies to treat ttheir condition. And finally with regards to unmet need, today ttheyre are approximately 900,000 ADP patients being treated in tthey US, tthey majority of which take off-label multi-receptor acting anti-psychotics with marginal efficacy and known safety issues. In tthey large-scale CATIE-AD study, ttheyse off-label antipsychotics were associated with increased impairment of cognition in Alztheyimer's patients, equivalent to about one year of disease progression. Ttheyse medications are also associated with impairment in motor function, sedation, an increased risk of falls, fractures, hospitalizations and business. Today, with no FDA-approved treatment for Alztheyimer's disease psychosis, theyalthcare providers will continue to prescribe ttheyse off-label antipsychotics despite all of ttheyir limitations, as families and caregivers many times are desperate to treat tthey debilitating psychosis ttheyse patients endure. We look forward to furttheyr making our case to tthey FDA at tthey upcoming advisory committee meeting that pimavanserin should be tthey first FDA-approved treatment for Alztheyimer's disease psychosis. Please turn to Slide 8. Regarding our NDA for trofinetide, tthey pre-NDA meetings are complete and we are fully aligned with tthey FDA on tthey format and content for tthey upcoming NDA submission for trofinetide for tthey treatment of Rett syndrome. Our NDA submission will be primarily based on tthey pivotal Phase 3 Lavender study which delivered positive top-line results in late 2021. Ttheyse results were recently presented at a late-breaker oral presentation at tthey American Academy of Neurology Henryual Meeting or AAM. We plan to submit our NDA midyear and expect ttheir to be a priority review with an action date most likely in tthey first quarter of 2023. Our commercial team is working hard on launch preparations, which Brendan will speak to in just a few moments. Moving now to our third late-stage opportunity, pimavanserin for tthey treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia. As we previously discussed, despite decades of attempts, today ttheyre is no drug approved for tthey treatment of tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia. With pimavanserin, we have something that is rarely seen, a positive pivotal study in patients with negative symptoms that is our ADVANCE-1 study. With one positive pivotal study in tthey bank, we are currently conducting a second pivotal study, our ADVANCE-2 study and if ttheir study is successful, we will file for approval. As an important reminder, tthey ADVANCE-2 study is almost identical to tthey ADVANCE-1 study with one important modification. In ADVANCE-2, we are evaluating tthey optimal 34-milligram dose, which as you may recall, had tthey most robust efficacy in tthey previous ADVANCE-1 study. We anticipate completing enrollment in ttheir study around year-end with top line results in 2023. Please turn to Slide 9. Beyond our three late-stage opportunities, we are also developing several early-stage programs, including our ACP-044, novel non-opioid pain program currently in early Phase 2. Our M1 PAM program with our lead compound ACP-319 currently in Phase 1 testing and several earlier stage molecules, including those from our Vanderbilt and Stoke collaborations and additional molecules that build upon our learnings of pimavanserin. And finally, we continue to be highly engaged and focused on potential strategic business development to furttheyr expand our pipeline. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Brendan to provide an update on our commercial efforts. Brendan Teehan Thank you, Steve. Please turn to Slide 11. I'm pleased with our team's performance ttheir quarter, delivering net sales of $115.5 million representing 8% year-over-year growth based on 4% year-over-year demand growth. Notably, ttheir demand growth is in line with our first quarter plan and aligns with our assumptions for our 2022 net sales guidance range. As we look atheyad, our ongoing HCP and patient caregiver campaigns continue to set us up well, reaching new physicians and patients, educating ttheym on tthey importance of treating PDP early and tthey potential of NUPLAZID. As you all know, our relative outperformance in tthey PD and long-term care markets reflects our focus on tthey higtheyst potential prescribers in tthey community and tthey top LTC facilities for treating PDP patients. Our teams, especially wtheyn ttheyy are able to have regular in-person contact with prescribers, a metric that is increasing month over month have made a measurable impact on overall prescribing behavior leading to more new patient starts. As Steve mentioned, tthey pandemic significantly impacted tthey growth of tthey overall PD market ttheyse past two years. Utilizing data from IQVIA, we see that tthey Parkinson's disease market as measured by treated patients grew only 3% since March 2020. Based on pre-pandemic growth rates, it should have grown three times ttheir rate by 9% over that same timeframe. Tthey biggest impact was in long-term care, especially in tthey first year of tthey pandemic. Ttheir makes sense as we know many facilities were hard hit by tthey pandemic with occupancy rates profoundly impacted by tthey spread of COVID-19 and many potential LTC residents remaining at home, as opposed to entering long-term care facilities. Tthey good news is that we have recently started to see not only stabilization, but early signs of a return to growth in tthey PD market across channels. Tthey growth of tthey NUPLAZID brand against ttheir market backdrop gives us great confidence in our ability to accelerate as conditions continue to improve and normalize. In addition, wtheyn comparing our first quarter performance to pre-pandemic, in tthey office based setting, carbidopa and levodopa scripts declined 6% and tthey top 10 Parkinson's medications were down 12%. In direct contrast, NUPLAZID grew significantly up 19%, which was roughly four times that of tthey top 15 neurology brands, which averaged just 5%. In tthey long-term care channel, carbidopa/levodopa declined 9%, a reflection of a significantly lower LTC occupancy rates and tthey top 15 LTC brands were down an average of 13%. At tthey same time, NUPLAZID maintained growth up 2% over 2019 levels. Ttheir outperformance was fueled by meaningful increases in NUPLAZID's market share of new LTC patients, up almost 20% since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic. We are furttheyr encouraged that over tthey past few months, we have seen and theyard from our field force early signs of a return to growth in several of tthey PD market dynamics that have hampered our growth, including a potential increase in physician visits by ttheyir PD patients. As tthey market normalizes and begins to return to its regular growth dynamics, we plan to furttheyr enhance our promotional efforts with more peer-to-peer live programing, speaker programs and potentially broader multi-channel physician, caregiver and patient engagement efforts to furttheyr grow tthey brand. Beyond PDT, we have two exciting near-term potential commercial opportunities. Let's start with a review of pimavanserin for tthey treatment of Alztheyimer's disease psychosis on Slide 12. We have a significant potential opportunity atheyad of us with pimavanserin for ADP, an indication that is approximately seven times tthey size of our current PDP market. Our teams are diligently preparing for tthey upcoming advisory committee meeting and subsequent commercial launch if approved. Key to our commercial messaging at launch for NUPLAZID in ADP will be both tthey products demonstrated efficacy and of equal importance, NUPLAZID's demonstrated safety profile. Ttheir is especially important for ttheir patient population. NUPLAZID already has strong brand recognition as tthey first and only approved drug for PDP, and we look forward to potentially expanding ttheir to ADP. Now let's turn to Slide 13 to discuss our opportunity with trofinetide in Rett syndrome. Towards tthey end of last year, we were very excited to announce positive Phase 3 results for trofinetide for tthey treatment of Rett syndrome, a debilitating disease that leads to severe impairments affecting nearly every aspect of life, tthey ability to speak, walk, eat and breatthey easily. Ttheir community has waited a long time to see a positive Phase 3 trial in ttheir neurodevelopmental disease and tthey results have been met with a lot of excitement. With tthey positive readout, we are focused on preparing for approval and tthey successful commercial launch of tthey first potential treatment for ttheir disease. Today, we are laying tthey foundation for ttheir launch through thoughtful collaboration and engagement with patient advocacy groups within tthey Rett community, centers of excellence and key opinion leaders on tthey best way to theylp identify, engage and educate Rett families. We've made meaningful progress on our commercial infrastructure and are investing appropriately throughout tthey year. A critical part of our launch preparation includes external stakeholder engagement with caregivers, physicians and payers to understand both ttheyir particular needs as well as tthey market opportunity for trofinetide. Our market research indicates a very high percentage of theyalthcare professionals who treat Rett patients today are interested in prescribing trofinetide wtheyn available for ttheyir patients. Many respondents say that trofinetide's potential efficacy in treating tthey core symptoms of Rett syndrome as a significant reason to look forward to prescribing it post approval. Not surprisingly, caregivers were also very excited about trofinetide's clinical results and expressed a strong interest in trofinetide for ttheyir loved ones. Ttheir feedback from physicians and caregivers of current Rett patients underscore our confidence in ttheir treatment, tthey motivation for obtaining approval and tthey market opportunity atheyad of us as we establish our presence in rare disease. I would now like to turn it over to Serge to provide an R&D update. Serge Stankovic Thank you, Brendan. And good afternoon everyone. I would like to begin on Slide 15 by taking a deeper dive on our three late-stage opportunities. At ttheir time, we are actively preparing for tthey upcoming advisory committee meeting to review our sNDA resubmission. Over tthey past several months, we have been working closely with tthey external key opinion leaders in multiple disciplines to theylp us prepare for tthey upcoming advisory committee meeting. We continue to refine our presentation to ensure we will be well prepared for an active discussion with tthey community on tthey benefit risk profile of pimavanserin for Alztheyimer's disease psychosis. We see ttheir as an opportunity to make our case that pimavanserin with its demonstrated efficacy and safety profile should be tthey first drug approved for Alztheyimer's disease psychosis. And finally, I would like to reiterate a critically important point that Steve made earlier, ttheyre are real safety concerns with tthey off-label use of tthey multi-receptor acting anti-psychotics, which remain tthey current standard of care for ADP patients who are often frail and elderly. Ttheir significantly increase is tthey risk to ttheyse patients in tthey context of unproven and at best marginal benefit. Beyond tthey efficacy, we have demonstrated across multiple clinical studies and endpoint. We also have a tremendous amount of data on pimavanserin both in placebo-controlled clinical studies and six years of post-marketing pharmacovigilance data to support pimavanserin's well-characterized favorable safety profile at ttheir at-risk population. Let me discuss our upcoming NDA submission with trofinetide on Slide 16. Rett syndrome is a serious and debilitating rare disorder, for which we estimate ttheyre are between 6,000 and 9,000 patients in tthey United States. Ttheyre is no FDA-approved treatment for ttheir neurodevelopmental disorder. Ultimately, Rett syndrome patients lose ttheyir ability to maintain independent functioning on a daily basis and require around-tthey-clock support. Our positive results from tthey pivotal Lavender study demonstrated efficacy across multiple core symptoms of Rett syndrome with statistically significant separation from placebo and clinically meaningful benefit on two co-primary endpoints, tthey Rett Syndrome Behavioral Questionnaire, a caregiver assessment tool as well as tthey Clinical Global Impression of Improvement, a physician assessment tool. Importantly, tthey efficacy results were consistent across all age groups and severity of disease. We have completed pre-NDA meetings with tthey FDA and aligned on tthey format and content of tthey upcoming submission. We plan to submit our NDA midyear and expect a priority review with PDUFA date most likely in tthey first quarter of 2023. Now let's discuss our negative symptoms of schizophrenia program on Slide 17. Ttheyre are over 700,000 patients in United States who are currently treated for schizophrenia, but still have persistence and potentially debilitating negative symptoms such as social withdrawal, lack of emotion and blunted affect among ottheyrs, and for which ttheyre is no FDA-approved treatment. As part of our advanced program, we have one positive pivotal study already ADVANCE-1 wtheyre we observed statistical separation on tthey primary endpoint overall, and even more robust results in patients receiving 34 milligrams of pimavanserin. As such, we are now evaluating all in tthey optimal 34-milligram dose of pimavanserin in our second pivotal study ADVANCE-2. And briefly, I wanted to mention that we continue to monitor tthey ongoing conflict in Ukraine and Russia and are doing everything we can to minimize any potential impact on enrolled. Given tthey multi-region multi-country design of tthey study, we believe based on current projections that we can still achieve our enrollment target of completion around year-end and top-line results available in 2023. Slide 18 highlights our early-stage pipeline opportunities. We are evaluating ACP-044 in both acute and chronic pain model. As previously announced, our acute pain Phase 2 study did not achieve statistical significance on tthey primary endpoint, even though a positive trend was observed in one of tthey two-dose regimens evaluated. As such, we are continuing to analyze tthey data to determine appropriate next step. Our Phase 2 study in a chronic pain model of osteoarthritis is ongoing and expected to complete in tthey first half of 2023. In addition, we are advancing compounds from our M1 PAM program with tthey lead compound HCP-319 currently in Phase 1 multiple ascending dose study. And we have multiple early-stage programs, we are advancing from our collaborations with Stoke Ttheyrapeutics and internally developed compounds, which build upon tthey learnings of pimavanserin. I'll now turn tthey call over to Mark to discuss our financial results. Mark Schneyer Thank you Serge. Today, I'll discuss our first quarter 2022 results. Please turn to Slide 20. In tthey quarter, we recorded $115.5 million in net sales, an increase of approximately 8% compared to $106.6 million of net sales in Q1 of 2021. As Steve and Brendan both mentioned, our operational performance reflects approximately 4% demand growth year-over-year. Ttheir is consistent with our demand growth during tthey full year of 2021 and is one of our key assumptions underlining our guidance range for tthey full year 2022. In regards to revenue recognition, we observe essentially flat sell in volume compared to tthey first quarter of 2021. Ttheir is tthey result of two offsetting volume dynamics. First, as mentioned we grew demand by 4% year-over-year. However, ttheir was offset by a larger in-channel inventory build in Q1 of last year as compared to ttheir year. As you know in-channel inventory will wax and wane from quarter to quarter, but importantly, we achieved growth in demand, which ultimately drives our future revenue growth. Moving on, our gross to net adjustment for Q1 2022 was 25.1%. Year-over-year gross to net was higtheyr to tthey timing of Medicare accruals between tthey first and tthey second quarter of 2021 and a greater portion of volume coming from 340B institutions in 2022 as compared to 2021. For tthey full year 2022, we are still projecting gross to net to be between 20% and 22%. GAAP R&D expenses increased to $128.9 million in tthey quarter compared to $57 million in Q1 2021. Tthey difference was primarily due to tthey $60 million upfront payment for tthey stoke collaboration made in January and also from increased clinical spend and CMC costs. GAAP SG&A expenses decreased to $96.7 million dollars in tthey first quarter from $111.7 million in tthey first quarter of last year. Tthey largest factors driving tthey difference in tthey prior year period were related to pre-launch expenditures for DRP in Q1 2021. And finally, our cash balance at tthey end of tthey quarter was $446 million. Now let's turn to Slide 21. As you can see on ttheir slide, for tthey full year 2022, we are reiterating all of our previously announced guidance ranges. And now I'd like to turn tthey call back to Steve for closing remarks. Steptheyn Davis Thank you, Mark. Please turn to Slide 23. Today, we are executing on our promise to deliver new clients and patients with PDP wtheyre ttheyre is a significant long-term opportunity to continue to grow tthey brand. In addition, we are focused on tthey upcoming advisory committee meeting with tthey FDA as ttheyy continue ttheyir review of our sNDA resubmission for ADP. We are on track with our preparations to submit a new drug application for trofinetide for tthey treatment of Rett syndrome midyear. And we continue to advance our third late-stage opportunity with our ongoing Phase 3 study in tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia with results expected next year. In closing, I would like to thank our employees for ttheyir accomplishments and ttheyir ongoing commitment and passion as we continue our mission to elevate life. I'll now open up tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Charles Duncan from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open. Charles Duncan Yes, Steve and team, thanks for taking our question and congrats on looks like a good quarter despite tthey challenging environment. My question is really related, I guess, to trofinetide since I'm going to hold it to one and ttheyn it is relative to upcoming NDA, would you anticipate an ADCOM for that drug given it's really first-in-class ever? And ttheyn if approved, would you be able to get a PRV? And ttheyn perhaps to extend tthey multipart, would that result in changes to tthey commercial infrastructure should it be approved? SteptheynDavis Great. Thanks much for tthey questions, Charles. I'm going to ask Serge to respond to subparts one and two, and Brendan to subpart three. Serge Stankovic Yes. Thanks, Charles. In relation to tthey anticipation of tthey Advisory Committee, of course, we are always thinking of that and preparing for such eventuality. Historically though, I would say that ttheyre is about half-half chances in ttheir sort of situation with rare diseases, maybe even a little bit more on not having tthey Advisory Committee that at least from what we saw on tthey records that ttheyse occur. I would just say we do not see any our priorities substantive controversial issues that would immediately lead us, we think that we would have an advisory committee. But I would just say, it's a 50-50 chance. Brendan Teehan Thanks Serge and Charles, thanks for tthey question. Just taking us back to wtheyn we had brought tthey program into ACADIA. We're very excited about what trofinetide means to us overall and it fits into our footprint very nicely. As you know, we already have rare disease experience in theyalth. We expect to leverage synergies from internal operations but we will also make thoughtful adjustments to address a pediatric neurology community for tthey rare disease and I'm sure we'll go into furttheyr details on infrastructure tthey closer we get. Serge Stankovic Charles and Steve, ttheyre was a second subpart. Could you just repeat that part? Charles Duncan Yes, I'm sorry. Is it possible that you would be granted a PRV if trofinetide is approved? Serge Stankovic Yes. Sorry about that. Yes, having a pediatric orphan designation, we do anticipate it if approved, we would receive pediatric vouctheyr. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Neena Bitritto-Garg from Citi. Your line is open. Neena Bitritto-Garg Thank you for taking my question. I was just wondering about tthey ADCOM for Alztheyimer's psychosis coming up in June. I guess any thoughts that you can share in terms of how typical of kind of a pediatric ADCOM you expect ttheir to be or do you expect ttheyre to be any differences versus tthey theirtorical channels versus tthey PDP ADCOM? Thanks. SteptheynDavis Yes, thanks for tthey question, Neena. Serge, you want to take that? Serge Stankovic Yes, thanks Neena. What I would say, as we've been saying all along. Ttheir is our response to tthey Complete Response Letter and tthey resubmission is not your typical application. We are making a fairly complex case following a very -- following a development that has been having its course for a while. So prevent perspective, tthey case we are making, we are trying to really present to tthey committee our full spectrum of tthey theirtorical context of our application as well as tthey date. And really tthey data is tthey core of what we are trying to present in a compretheynsive manner and offer ttheym supportive evidence for substantial efficacy and positive benefit-risk in Alztheyimer's disease psychosis but I would say tthey mechanics and execution of tthey Advisory Committee are fairly typical and I do not expect that in any way ttheir would be outside of usual context of tthey Advisory Committee in any significant way. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is Tiffany on for Cory, just one more on NUPLAZID in ADP. We're just wondering how tthey go-to-market strategy might be different than for Parkinson's disease psychosis and if ttheyre's any synergies in terms of treatment centers, physicians, etc., I'm just kind of wanting to get your take on tthey commercial readiness and launch preparation as it relates to PDP. Thanks. SteptheynDavis Great. Thanks much for tthey question. Brendan, you want to take that? Brendan Teehan Sure. Tiffany, thanks for tthey question. As you undoubtedly know, we were getting ready for dementia-related psychosis a year ago and would have been right post launch at ttheir point to plans were very much already in place, both in terms of strategy, our tactical execution and targets that we are going for in deployment. PDP is a subset of DRP and some of our target physicians for Parkinson's disease psychosis will absolutely be our targets for ADP as well, but we will thoughtfully expand to a broader audience that treats Alztheyimer's disease psychosis which, just as a reminder, is 70% of that dementia-related psychosis audience. We will expand to cover more psychiatrists and ttheyre will be primary care physicians that are psych-like in ttheyir treatment and have demonstrated that in ttheyir ability to write for Alztheyimer's medications and importantly have demonstrated tthey ability to prescribe atypical antipsychotics and in any event, we are prepared to address that broader audience. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Gregory Renza from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Gregory Renza Great. Thanks, Steve and team for taking tthey question and congrats on tthey progress. Maybe just following up a bit on tthey ADCOM in June. Very theylpful to theyar about maybe tthey mechanics and that maybe tthey typicality of it. I'm just curious, Steve, if you could provide some color on how important you think a vote of confidence is from tthey panel, especially in light of that unique situation that you've certainly endured and having tthey differences in tthey view on tthey initial package that led to tthey CRL. And maybe just related to -- and also related to just some of tthey theirtory of ADCOMs and recommendations and how that leads to approvals or not. And maybe just a subpart, I'll throw one in as well. Yes, just respect to tthey potential scenarios of that outcome, but may be providing some color about how you're thinking about scenario planning based on tthey vote outcomes once you go from June until August? Thank you very much. SteptheynDavis Yes. Thanks so much for tthey question, Greg. Serge, you want to take tthey first one regarding tthey importance of ADCOM of tthey confidence and I'll take tthey second part regarding potential scenarios. Serge Stankovic Yes, thank you. Without a doubt, tthey vote on tthey advisory committee is very important, although ttheir is tthey vote, an outcome of tthey Advisory Committee is not binding for tthey FDA. Statistics point out that in a great majority of cases, tthey FDA usually goes along with tthey recommendations of tthey Advisory Committee. Our own experience from tthey previous Advisory Committee on Parkinson's disease psychosis wtheyre we received overwtheylming support from tthey Advisory Committee. And in respect of positive vote, certainly had a significant impact on tthey ultimate approval of tthey drug, as you know, initial reaction and tthey report from tthey FDA was not as favorable. So from that perspective, we certainly believe that it is important that we make a strong case for tthey Advisory Committee and obtain or receive support from tthey Advisory Committee for tthey case we are making. SteptheynDavis Thanks Serge. And Greg, in response to tthey second part of your question, I think tthey way we think about it is, ttheyre are three principal buckets and maybe a little bit of space between tthey three buckets. You can come out of an Advisory Committee meeting with very significant opposition. So tthey math is theyavily in favor of non-approval. You can come out tthey opposite end of tthey spectrum wtheyre tthey math is, tthey votes are theyavily in favor of approval and ttheyn you come out with something that's more of a mid-point of that and ttheyn of course some variations between. And so I think for us and again we would just reiterating during tthey caveat as Serge mentioned that ADCOMs don't approve drugs, tthey FDA does, but tthey theirtory tells us that tthey significant majority does not fall in ADCOM. And so in terms of how we think about ttheir neuro planning impact it has on us, I'll just repeat what Brendan said earlier. We're in tthey very, very fortunate position. We did a lot of work preparing for DRP launch. We've got all that work and tthey benefits of that on tthey ttheyylf. We're ready to pull it off and tthey precise timing of that and how we advance on that will be somewhat a function of tthey ADCOM in those three buckets and tthey good news is we have an action date that's sctheyduled for August 4, which is not too far down tthey road after an ADCOM. And so depending on how tthey ADCOM goes and kind of wtheyre we are in that spectrum of scenarios, we will be eager to be prepared for a launch. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Yatin Suneja from Guggentheyim Partners. Your line is open. Yatin Suneja Thank you for taking my question. Two real quick one for me. First one is could you confirm if you requested tthey ADCOM as part of tthey formal dispute resolution or was it proposed by tthey FDA? And ttheyn tthey second part is that both Phase 3 HARMONY and 019 study had a different study design and endpoints. So I'm just trying to understand how can ttheyy be supportive of each ottheyr wtheyn both are trying to answer a different question and tthey endpoints and studies and a completely different? Thank you. SteptheynDavis Yes. Thanks so much for tthey question. I'll take tthey first one and Serge to respond second one. In terms of requesting an AdCom just to level set having AdCom entirely tthey discretion of tthey FDA. Early in our discussions with FDA after receiving tthey CRL, we did suggest that ttheyy consider having an AdCom and ttheyir response was simply it's premature for us to comment I think about that. Let's advance ttheyse discussions. Anyway we didn't discuss it any furttheyr with ttheym. And ttheyn as we all know now ttheyy have determine ttheyy're having an AdCom. Serge, you want answer tthey second question. Serge Stankovic Yes. Yatin, let me just make sure I understood tthey question that you broke up a little. Were you asking about tthey two studies as a part of our resubmission of 019 and 045 being studies in different patient population and with different outcomes and how that fits togettheyr in ttheir application? Yatin Suneja That is correct. Yes, not maybe tthey patient population, but just tthey endpoints are very different for both tthey studies. Serge Stankovic Yes. That is correct. But we have been using in both studies measuring hallucinations and delusions, and tthey primary symptoms of psychotic breakdown, in one case more in severity sense and in ottheyr case measuring more in terms of relapse and recurrence of symptoms. But in any case, we do have, we can actually fairly reliably compare tthey data from both studies because we are measuring tthey same symptoms of tthey same disorder and from that perspective, ttheyy are, I would think of ttheym more as a complementary rattheyr than differential in terms of how we see. As a matter of fact, if you think about that is in tthey acute study of 019, what we demonstrated is acute efficacy of pimavanserin treatment in patients that are experiencing psychotic symptoms in short term six weeks paradigm. On tthey ottheyr hand Study 045 within tthey same symptoms has been evaluated, durability of effect in patients that respond to treatment. So from that perspective actually, ttheyre is just quite a bit of complementarity between two studies. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is [Nel] for Salveen. First on NUPLAZID, could you share how in-person office visits in long-term care occupancy rates are tracking relative to pre-pandemic levels? And ttheyn on ACP-044, given that you saw a trend in acute pain, do you expect better results in chronic? Or do you view ttheir is unrelated? Thanks a lot. SteptheynDavis Yes. Thanks much for tthey questions. Brendan, you want to take tthey question on NUPLAZID and Serge on 044? Brendan Teehan Sure happy to do that. What we've seen in tthey first quarter for in-person patient visits in tthey community reflects that ttheyy are still about 20% below pre-pandemic levels. With that said, I just want to point out in tthey visits to see customers, we see that clinicians are beginning to ask ttheyir patients to return for inpatient visits and not favor telemedicine over that. And ttheyn for LTC occupancy rates to furttheyr answer your question, we have two things going on. One is ttheyre are slight increases in LTC occupancy rates of late. From tthey base, ttheyy've returned to about 73% in tthey most recent data that we're seeing, so slightly up from wtheyre ttheyy were in tthey fourth quarter. And those are being driven by new residents entering long-term care facilities, which I think is encouraging for us because we understand if that trend were to continue that patients tend to be identified for PDP proximal to ttheyir being admitted to a skilled nursing facility. Thanks. Serge Stankovic Yes. Nel, in regard to potential read-through from our acute model to chronic model of pain and tthey studies, as we have been saying throughout, we do not see a direct read-through from tthey results of tthey acute study. Of course, I would say we would love to see a very robust positive results of tthey acute study, rattheyr than a signal that we have observed, but ttheyre is no direct connection. As far as tthey preclinical data and we've reported ttheir previously, we see that ACP-044 has a positive activity in tthey animal models of those positive on both acute and tthey chronic models of pain. So from that perspective, we at ttheir point not jumping to any premature conclusions in regard to tthey osteoarthritis study and tthey data will show us tthey best. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Sumant Kulkarni from Canaccord. Your line is open. Sumant Kulkarni Good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. So, atheyad of tthey ADCOM of convention for ADP, ottheyr than not having statistical significance for specific ADP subgroup and how many of what tthey FDA has already expressed on Study 019, what are some of tthey specific nitpicks or key sources of tthey pushback, if any, that your external KOLs or consultants might have on tthey data package ttheyy'd be putting togettheyr for tthey meeting? SteptheynDavis Yes, thanks much for tthey question. Serge, you want to take that? Serge Stankovic Yes. Actually, obviously we are preparing studiously and are looking forward to challenging feedback and question from our KOLs in order to prepare ourselves tthey best for tthey Advisory Committee, but I would say that overall, tthey feedback we are getting, we are getting quite a bit of a support from people in terms of understanding specific circumstances and tthey data and meaningfulness than consistency of tthey Alztheyimer disease psychosis data that we have across tthey studies, across tthey end points and over time. So from that perspective, I think without getting into very specific details which you will understand, it's not really probably tthey most appropriate situation for us to do that at ttheir point, I think that we are preparing to meet all of tthey scientific challenges that can be put in front of us in terms of tthey data and arguments and analysis that we are providing. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from David Hoang from SMBC. Your line is open. David Hoang Thanks so much for taking tthey question. I just want to dig a little bit more on tthey recovery -- potential recovery of tthey PDP market ttheir year. Can you just talk a little bit more and give a little more color in terms of what you're theyaring maybe from your sales force and people in tthey field that gives you confidence that we should see both LTC and tthey office channel recover and ttheyn you mentioned spring-summer as maybe tthey time frame in which that happens. Is ttheyre anything that would potentially allow tthey recovery to happen faster? SteptheynDavis Yes, sure. But let me just reframe tthey question a little bit and ttheyn I'm going to pass it to Brendan. So what we said is that we're beginning to see some evidence of slow growth. Ttheyre has been a period of stabilization now and we will see some evidence of slow growth. We're seeing a little bit more in LTC than we are in tthey office-based setting, but we are seeing indicators in both sections and what we said is that we're cautiously optimistic that that will be able to grow on ttheyse and see ttheyse build in tthey course of tthey spring-summer. Brendan, do you want to answer tthey question more completely? Brendan Teehan Sure. Thanks, Steve. And for tthey reframe, I think that's all very appropriate. A couple of tthey guide points to us that are encouraging are tthey new residents entering facilities. We've seen a slow but steady increase over tthey prior couple of months that is encouraging. Secondly, in terms of PD in-person patient visit, as I said before, tthey practices are more open from our experience to both seeing our representatives, which means we have an opportunity to tell our story face-to-face to ttheym and our HCPs are really becoming advocates in asking ttheyir patients to come in for face-to-face consultations. Ttheir is a movement disorder and tthey subtleties of changes ttheyre coupled with neuropsychiatric symptoms make tthey HCP want to see both tthey patient and tthey caregiver face-to-face wtheyre possible. What we saw in tthey first quarter and what HCPs have told us is Omicron forced some theysitation in an elderly population to return to those offices, that coupled with any parts of tthey country wtheyre winter causes concern for falls also led to theysitation. So, as both of those things improve in tthey weeks and months atheyad, ttheyre is at least cautious optimism that ttheyre will be some return to normalcy in seeing your clinician face-to-face. So those are really tthey key elements. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Marc Goodman from SVB Securities. Your line is open. Rudy Li Thanks for taking my question. It is Rudy on tthey line for Marc. So, first congrats on tthey quarter. I have a question regarding NUPLAZID in PDP. So can you talk about tthey penetration rate so far in tthey PDP market and maybe provide more color on off-label use so far in ottheyr indications, including ADP. Thanks. SteptheynDavis Yes, sure. Brendan, you want to take those? Brendan Teehan Sure. Thanks for tthey question. First and foremost, I think Steve did a very nice job in prepared remarks talking about tthey PD market and how it's and impacted over tthey past couple of years. I think what's impressive is despite tthey fact that ttheyre have been fewer inpatient visits, fewer prescriptions written for tthey principal motor dysfunction medications, carbidopa and levodopa, we have seen NUPLAZID continued to grow total prescriptions over pre-pandemic levels. So that gives us great confidence, number 1, that our message is resonating and that we are being chosen more often in tthey first line position to treat Parkinson's disease psychosis and that's evidenced by what we've seen and increases in share both on tthey community side and encouragingly a new patient starts on in long-term care facilities. Rudy Li Thanks. Brendan Teehan Oh, I'm sorry, in terms of tthey question on off-label use that still continues to be a very, very, very small number for us. As you probably know, tthey vast majority of our prescriptions go through a hub, which requires a treatment form wtheyre you indicate specifically why you want to put a patient on NUPLAZID that has to be indicated as Parkinson's disease psychosis. And in our environment wtheyre payers are very careful about prior authorizations, we still see very low single-digit numbers of tthey product potentially used for something ottheyr than Parkinson's disease. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Howerton from Jefferies. Your line is open. ChrisHowerton Excellent. Thank you so much for taking tthey questions. I guess what I was wondering about with respect to tthey Advisory Committees both for ADP and tthey potential one for trofinetide, how important you believe patient advocacy groups to be as part of that conversation and how influential ttheyy might be? And if you would entertain a quick clarification follow-up, how do you derive tthey 900,000 patients treated with atypical antipsychotics in tthey ADP population? Thank you. SteptheynDavis Yes, sure. Brendan, you want to take tthey second question first and ttheyn we'll be back to tthey first one. Brendan Teehan Sure. Thanks for tthey question. Wtheyn we speak of 900,000 patients being treated for ADP, about two-thirds of those would be expected to have been off-label atypical antipsychotics. Ttheyre are also ottheyr mood stabilizers and anti-depressants used for a similar reason in that patient population, but that is still in our consideration of tthey addressable population for ADP. SteptheynDavis And Chris, you were breaking up on line. Could you repeat tthey first part of your question around, I theyard ADCOMs, I didn't theyar what you said after that. ChrisHowerton Yes, I'm totally sorry I guess maybe say more concisely is how important do you think patient advocacy groups are for your Advisory Committees eittheyr tthey ADP or tthey potential one for trofinetide? SteptheynDavis Yes. Thanks so much. Well, first, let me just say patient advocacy groups advocate for patients. Right? So I mean, ttheyy are independent of us. But I think in both cases, ttheyy're very strong and passion advocacy groups pushing for ttheyrapies wtheyre ttheyre's nothing approved in both in Rett syndrome, as well as in Alztheyimer's disease psychosis and so I think, ttheyy're very important, particularly in tthey circumstance wtheyre ttheyre is no drug approved and that's wtheyre tthey reasons we see ttheym being very active in ttheir space and making sure that ttheyy elevate tthey unmet need that ttheyy're living with and experiencing every day in tthey eyes of tthey FDA. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Vamil Divan from Mizuho Securities. Your line is open. Vamil Divan Hi, great, thanks for taking my questions. Most of ttheym have been asked, but just a couple of things, just to clarify, so one on your assumptions around guidance, I just want to confirm that you're still not assuming anything in tthey sales or on tthey expense side related to ADP, I guess, on tthey SG&A side, assuming in ADP approval ttheir year. And ttheyn on tthey 044 chronic data, is that still expected sort of by year-end? I think it used to be a 4Q 2022 event in clinical trials to cover ttheir through December, but I'm not seeing it specifically mentioned in your slide. So, apologies if I missed it in your comments. Thank you. SteptheynDavis Okay. Let's go to Mark for tthey first question and Serge for tthey second. Mark Schneyer Hi, can you theyar us? SteptheynDavis We can theyar you Mark. Go atheyad. Mark Schneyer Okay. Yes, sorry. Ttheyre is something happening in tthey phone theyre. So just on tthey guidance question, as we said previously, ttheyre is nothing in our revenue or expense guidance related to ADP at ttheir time. SteptheynDavis Thanks. Serge? Serge Stankovic In regard to tthey osteoarthritis study in spite of tthey theyadwinds that we all experienced, particularly in tthey ttheyse types of studies related to COVID, we continue to expect to complete enrollment around tthey year-end or tthey beginning of next year with tthey data as we said in tthey first half -- top-line results in tthey first half of next year. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Matteis from Stifel. Your line is open. Alex Thompson Thanks for taking our questions. Ttheir is Alex on for Paul. Just one more on tthey ADP ADCOM. I was wondering maybe Serge you could talk a little about tthey importance of tthey black box discussion at tthey ADCOM. I guess is it your position that ttheyre should be no ADCOM on a potential approved sNDA for pimavanserin? How much evidence you have outside of PDP to maybe alleviate FDA's concerns around sort of tthey unknown mortality risk in ttheir class. Thanks. SteptheynDavis Yes. Alex, I think you meant to say presume that we would advocate for no black box. Alex Thompson Yes. Mark Schneyer Yes. Yes, no worries. So Serge, you want to take that question? Serge Stankovic Yes. What I will say without going with all of tthey details that tthey day that we had accumulated from tthey previous Advisory Committee and tthey previous application and approval with ADP is considerably larger, not only in respect to tthey controlled trial data, which we added hundreds and thousands of additional patients within ttheir category or frail, tthey elderly patients, but also with tthey six years of post-marketing surveillance with about 40,000 and every indication in tthey day that we see is that we are gradually moving toward a much better balance and toward tthey balance in regards to tthey mortality data compared to previous data reported at a previous submission. So from that perspective, we definitely see a favorable trend and as well as what we are seeing in some real-life studies based on tthey Medicare data and recently reported, we had actually two reports wtheyre we are also seeing more favorable profile in terms of mortality wtheyn compare pimavanserin to ottheyr atypical antipsychotics that are used off-label in tthey Parkinson's disease psychosis. So from that perspective, we are very pleased with tthey data that we are seeing wtheyttheyr ttheir data may be sufficient for removal of box warning, it is a different question because we still, as you know all tthey analysis on mortality with atypical antipsychotics included thousands of patients from tthey clinical trial. And from that perspective, tthey confidence interval is much more narrower than what we are seeing in tthey numbers that we have specifically for pimavanserin. So, we are not of an opinion that tthey total amount of data and evidence because of ttheyse numbers may warrant removal of tthey box warning, but I will just repeat tthey trends that we are seeing, tthey numbers and tthey data that we are seeing, we are very confident in tthey favorable profile of pimavanserin in ttheir respect. SteptheynDavis I just want to clarify one thing to Serge mentioned at tthey beginning of ttheir answer, they referred to tthey previous ADP application and data set and what Serge mentioned as tthey previous PDP. So they is referring back to our initial approval and at that time, ttheyre was a very small numerical imbalance in mortality showing very small numbers, a little bit higtheyr mortality on drug ttheyn placebo. Fast forward, we've now done multiple placebo-controlled studies in frail, elderly patients and that imbalance has now gone away. So wtheyn we look at our placebo-controlled studies, mortality on drug and placebo is equivalent in those kinds of populations. Serge also referred to tthey fact that we have a lot of pharmacovigilance data now having been on tthey market for several years. And so that data is also continuing to be very, very supportive and in fact, it is maybe highlighted by paper publittheyyd by two members of FDA, two members of CMS and two academic members of Stanford University, a little over year ago, demonstrating that pimavanserin had a statistically significant improvement in mortality rates relative to ottheyr antipsychotics used in those population. So I think tthey final point that Serge was making is that to ttheir is a Class 1, so it's not a pimavanserin box warning, it is a Class 1 that all antipsychotics have and typically to remove a class warning from your drug requires a very, very substantial body of evidence, however, with larger than tthey placebo controlled, tthey aggregate placebo-controlled data that we have today. So, but despite that as Serge mentioned, all of tthey data that we have from tthey time of our PDP approval until today continues to look more and more favorable as it relates to risk of mortality. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Olson from Oppentheyimer. Your line is open. Jay Olson Thanks for taking tthey question. With regards to reimbursement, can you talk about wtheyre you see tthey longer-term steady state gross to net for NUPLAZID in PDP and wtheyttheyr or not tthey mix of 340B payers has stabilized? And ttheyn for trofinetide, any feedback from payer discussions you've had early on, which would be great. Thank you. Mark Schneyer Great. Thanks much. Mark Schneyer, you want to take tthey first question and Brendan, tthey second? Mark Schneyer Yes, sure. Thanks for tthey question. I think from a, yes I answer tthey second part first. So from a 340B standpoint, we still see growth and that growth is moderating. So I think as we'd go forward for ttheir year and we continue to moderate for future years, we'll see how that trend continues to evolve. And ttheyn as far as long-term gross to net, that's not something that we forecast. We give it out on an annual basis and we'll continue to do so. Brendan Teehan Thanks, Mark. Jay, for tthey second half of your question for trofinetide, obviously we've been excited to jump in with treaters, with tthey caregiver community and with payers to talk about tthey emerging Lavender results and ttheyir perception of value and what we see and it shouldn't be surprising is that payers view trofinetide much like ttheyy see rare pediatric medications. Ttheyre is very little anticipated budget impact given tthey overall prevalence of tthey population. We expect that tthey product will be priced like ottheyr rare disease medications. And you can look at tthey gamut of rare disease pediatric drugs to get some sense for that and ttheyy would expect that it would have similar access issues in terms of what was tthey study patient population and potentially looking at sort of tthey broader Rett treatment community to make certain that access is appropriate based on clinical trial results. Those are tthey early findings. Operator Thank you. And we have time for one last question and our last question comes from Esttheyr Hong from Berenberg. Your line is open. Esttheyr Hong Hi, thanks for taking my question. So, I just wanted to ask on trofinetide. If you could provide any details on tthey open label extension studies that are going on, maybe if you can speak about patients who have continued on treatment and what's been observed. Thanks. SteptheynDavis Right. Serge, you want to take that? Serge Stankovic Yes. Thank you. As you can imagine, we as part of our overall data presentation and analysis in tthey new direct application, we are including a long-term data from tthey open-label studies, particularly from tthey perspective of maintenance of effect that we saw in tthey short-term study in patients on drug as well as tthey changes in tthey symptoms for patients that are converted from double blind into open label study from placebo to active treatment. In both cases, we are experiencing furttheyr improvement or improvement for tthey former and improvement for tthey latter in tthey open label study that continues over tthey 40 weeks of treatment and beyond. So from that perspective, we are very pleased with that, tthey data and will be including that in our submission. In aspect from your second part of tthey question in terms of tthey retention of patients, what we are seeing in tthey open label study? We are continuing to see relatively good retention of patients with a somewhat lesser dropout rates that what we saw in tthey double blind period which is actually expected, even though you have to take in account, double-blind studies 12 weeks long while open label study around for many more weeks and from that perspective, those are longer studies that eventually results in tthey people dropping out to a larger extent. So, from both perspective, we are very pleased with tthey data and that data will be part of our submission. Operator Thank you. Mr. Davis, please proceed to closing remarks. Steptheyn Davis Thank you operator and thanks everyone for joining us today. We have a pretty full calendar over tthey course of tthey next 12 months plus we look forward to updating you on our progress. Operator Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. Ttheir concludes tthey presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.