ACADIA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 28, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Mark Johnson - VP, IR Steptheyn Davis - CEO & Director Brendan Teehan - EVP, COO & Head, Commercial Mark Schneyer - EVP & CFO Srdjan Stankovic - President Conference Call Participants Neena Bitritto-Garg - Citigroup Tazeen Ahmad - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ritu Baral - Cowen and Company Jeff Hung - Morgan Stanley Marc Goodman - SVB Leerink Matttheyw Nirenberg - Oppentheyimer Ami Fadia - Needham & Company Alexander Thompson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Gregory Renza - RBC Capital Markets Jason Butler - JMP Securities Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Gigi, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey presentation over to Mark Johnson, Vice President of Investor Relations at ACADIA. Please proceed. Mark Johnson Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss ACADIA's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Financial Results. Joining me on tthey call today from ACADIA are Steve Davis, our Chief Executive Officer, who will provide an overview of our 2021 financial performance, a review of our business and our outlook for 2022. Following Steve, Mark Schneyer, our Chief Financial Officer, will ttheyn discuss our financial results and guidance. Also joining us today is Brendan Teehan, our Chief Operating Officer, Head of Commercial, who will provide updates on our commercial initiatives. Dr. Serge Stankovic, our President, will ttheyn discuss our 2 new drug applications and our pipeline progress before turning it back to Steve for final remarks and opening up tthey call for your questions. I would also like to point out that we're using supplement slides, which are available on tthey Events and Presentations section of our website. Before we proceed, I would first like to remind you that during our call today, we'll be making a number of forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements, including goals, expectations, plans, prospects, growth potential, timing of events or future results are based on current information, assumptions and expectations that are intheyrently subject to change and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Ttheyse factors and ottheyr risks associated with our business can be found in our filings made with tthey SEC. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which are made only as of today's date. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steptheyn Davis Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 5. To deliver on our mission, we are focused on 3 strategic pillars: First, drive growth of NUPLAZID franctheire wtheyre we continue to perform at a high level; second, advance our 3 late-stage opportunities by submitting applications for new approvals for pimavanserin in Alztheyimer's disease psychosis or ADP and for trofinetide in Rett syndrome; and completing enrollment in our negative symptoms of schizophrenia program, also with pimavanserin; and third, develop tthey next wave of CNS breakthroughs with our early-stage pipeline while continuing to pursue strategic business development opportunities. Starting on Slide 6. For tthey full year 2021, we achieved net sales of $484.1 million, which represents 10% year-over-year revenue growth. During 2021, we grew both total prescriptions and market share as we continue to outperform tthey top neurology, Parkinson's, and long-term care drugs. We achieved ttheir despite operating in a disproportionately affected Parkinson's disease market wtheyre in-person Parkinson's patient visits remain down approximately 20%, and occupancy rates in long-term care facilities remain down approximately 15% compared to prepandemic levels. Our strong performance during ttheir time underscores our ability to grow tthey brand. As tthey pandemic conditions normalize and overall PD market dynamics improve, we are poised to accelerate ttheir growth. As we look atheyad in 2022, we expect to see improvement in tthey infection rates of COVID-19 but more importantly, as it relates to tthey Parkinson's market, we'll be looking for a normalization of staffing turnover and reduction of staffing shortages in both tthey office space and long-term care settings. We'll also be focused on tthey rate at which Parkinson's patients are seeing ttheyir physicians in person. As Mark will speak to in a minute. For tthey full year 2022, we expect net sales to be between $510 million and $560 million. What we achieve within ttheir range will be a function of read-through from tthey pandemic conditions, and our ability to continue to outperform tthey top neurology Parkinson's and long-term care drugs. Now let's turn to our 3 late-stage opportunities on Slide 7. We recently announced tthey resubmission of our sNDA for pimavanserin for tthey treatment of ADP. In addition, we look forward to submitting our NDA for trofinetide for tthey treatment of Rett syndrome around tthey middle of ttheir year. Our Alztheyimer's disease psychosis resubmission provides additional analyses from 2 previously conducted clinical studies HARMONY and study 019 to support a proposed indication for tthey treatment of ADP and is intended to address issues raised in tthey FDA's complete response letter. As we've previously described, ttheir resubmission gives tthey FDA an opportunity to fully review our new, additional analyses and through ttheir process gives us an opportunity to make our case that pimavanserin should be tthey first drug approved for tthey treatment of ADP.  An important contextual point is that in our studies with pimavanserin, we did not observe impairment of cognition or motor function compared to placebo, a very important consideration in ttheir elderly and highly medically compromised population and theirtorical challenge in developing drugs to treat psychosis in Alztheyimer's patients. We expect ttheir to be a Class II resubmission, which would mean tthey FDA will be targeting a 6-month review with an action date in tthey third quarter. Having recently submitted, we are not yet at tthey point wtheyre tthey FDA would assign an action date. We should reach that point soon, and we'll update you as soon as ttheyy do.  Regarding our NDA for trofinetide, at tthey end of last year, we announced positive top line results from our Phase III Lavender study of trofinetide for tthey treatment of Rett syndrome. Our NDA submission will be based on tthey pivotal Lavender study and its co-primary endpoints. In preparing for our NDA submission, we sctheyduled 2 meetings with tthey FDA. We've already met with tthey FDA to review tthey overall content and format of tthey clinical data to be included in our NDA submission. Tthey second meeting sctheyduled for March will be dedicated to covering similar ground on CMC aspects of tthey submission. We are planning for an NDA submission around midyear and expect a priority review with tthey PDUFA action date in tthey first quarter of 2023. Moving to our third late-stage opportunity. In our Phase III negative symptoms of schizophrenia program, we have something that's very rare in ttheir space, and that is a positive pivotal study, our ADVANCE-1 study. Tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia patients suffer from have proved to be tthey most difficult to treat. Tthey symptoms, which generally revolve around tthey social withdrawal aspects of tthey disease versus tthey hallucination and delusion symptoms have been tthey largest unmet need in schizophrenia for multiple decades. And today, we still have no FDA-approved treatment for negative symptoms. With 1 positive pivotal study complete, we're in tthey process of running a second pivotal study. Ttheir is our ADVANCE-2 study. ADVANCE-2 is designed to be virtually identical to our successful ADVANCE-1 study with an important difference. In ADVANCE-1, we observed that at tthey higtheyst dose tested 34 milligrams tthey drug effect was markedly higtheyr than tthey statistically significant and clinically meaningful results of tthey overall drug-treated group, which included lower doses as well. Ttheyrefore, in our ADVANCE-2 study, all patients are receiving tthey optimal 34-milligram dose. Please turn to our pipeline chart on Slide 8. Our third strategic pillar to grow our business is to develop tthey next wave of breakthroughs in our early-stage programs. Our early-stage pipeline is highlighted by our ongoing Phase II pain program, evaluating ACP-044 in 2 studies, 1 in acute and 1 in chronic models of pain, with data coming from both studies ttheir year. And we have additional earlier-stage programs highlighted by collaborations with Vanderbilt University and Stoke Ttheyrapeutics as well as early-stage internal programs designed to leverage tthey learnings of pimavanserin to furttheyr our franctheire and take advantage of indications we might never get to with pimavanserin. Finally, we look forward to continuing to evaluate and execute business development to grow our opportunity set in CNS, furttheyr leveraging our strong R&D and commercial capabilities. With that, I will now turn tthey back over to Mark to discuss our financial performance and guidance. Mark Schneyer Thank you, Steve. Today, I'll discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2021 results and our 2022 financial outlook. Please turn to Slide 10. In tthey quarter, we recorded $130.8 million in net sales, an increase of approximately 8% compared to $121 million of net sales in Q4 of 2020. Ttheir was driven by strong performance of NUPLAZID across channels with year-over-year volume growth. As part of net sales, we observed a gross-to-net adjustment of 20.7% which is up from 18.3% in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Moving down tthey P&L. GAAP R&D expenses increased to $67.1 million in tthey quarter compared to $62.1 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. GAAP SG&A expenses decreased to $105.8 million in tthey quarter from $120.8 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2020, which included sales and marketing expenses related to tthey potential DRP launch. Please turn to Slide 11. For tthey full year 2021, we recorded $484.1 million in net sales, an increase of 10% compared to $441.8 million of net sales in 2020. Ttheir was driven by 3% year-over-year volume growth. Tthey gross-to-net adjustment for tthey full year was 19.1%. As a reminder, gross to net was higtheyr in 2021 as we observed a higtheyr percentage of 340B volume, though ttheir remains a mid-single-digit percentage of our overall volume.  Capital R&D expenses decreased to $239.4 million in 2021 from $319.1 million in 2020. Ttheir was primarily due to tthey typical ebbs and flows of clinical development and PD activity. For example, in 2020, we expensed in R&D a total of $62.8 million in upfront expenses related to tthey CerSci acquisition and Vanderbilt collaboration. GAAP SG&A expenses increased slightly to $396 million in 2021 from $388.7 million in 2020. We ended tthey year with $520.7 million in cash and investments on our balance ttheyyet compared to $632 million at year-end 2020. Please turn to Slide 12 for our 2022 financial guidance. For tthey full year 2022, we are providing net sales guidance for NUPLAZID in Parkinson's disease psychosis of $510 million to $560 million. Tthey midpoint of ttheir range represents a similar level of demand for NUPLAZID as last year. Tthey high end reflects an improvement in PD market dynamics with subsequent increased demand and tthey low end represents slower demand, similar to levels we experienced in tthey second half of 2021.  Regarding gross to net, we are anticipating an increase to a range of 20% to 22% in 2022 as a result of higtheyr 340B volume mix. At tthey midpoint of tthey range, ttheir would be an additional $13 million reduction to net sales year-over-year. As a reminder, we expect gross net to be tthey higtheyst in tthey first quarter due to tthey annual reset of tthey donut hole manufacturer obligation for Medicare Part D patients. Note if pimavanserin is approved for tthey treatment of ADP ttheir year, both our revenue and expense guidance ranges will need to be updated.  On tthey expense side for 2022, we expect GAAP R&D expenses to be between $355 million to $375 million, including approximately $25 million in stock-based compensation expense. While our R&D range does not guide for incremental spend for business development transactions, it does include tthey $60 million related to tthey upfront expenses associated with tthey Stoke collaboration that we executed in January. In addition, ttheir year, we will have additional costs associated with trofinetide including manufacturing cost for commercial supply and a regulatory filing milestone payment [indiscernible].  We expect GAAP SG&A expense to be between $360 million and $380 million for tthey full year, including approximately $45 million in stock-based compensation. Tthey midpoint of ttheir range represents an approximate 7% reduction in spend as compared to 2021. Ttheyre are a few puts and takes encompassed within tthey range that I'd like to provide furttheyr color on. First, we are making investments in preparing for tthey potential launch of trofinetide in Rett syndrome. Second, we are focused on continuing our relative commercial outperformance in 2022 for NUPLAZID in PDP while efficiently managing our spend as a function of tthey PD market conditions related to tthey pandemic. And third, as it relates to tthey potential launch of NUPLAZID for ADP, most of tthey prelaunch work was already completed in connection with DRP, so we don't need to make a lot of additional investments prior to tthey ADP action date. We expect our 2022 year-end cash balance to be approximately $355 million to $405 million based upon our expected range of operational cash flows. As we look atheyad, under our current business plan, we expect to turn cash flow positive during 2023. Ttheir holds true wtheyttheyr or not pimavanserin for ADP and/or trofinetide for Rett syndrome are approved but is subject to our standard caveats of future business development, one of our pipeline experiences less-than-standard rates of attrition. I'll now turn it over to Brendan, who will discuss our PDP commercial performance and outlook for 2022. Brendan Teehan Thank you, Mark. Please turn to Slide 14. I'm extremely proud of our team's performance in 2021, wtheyre we delivered anottheyr year of double-digit percent revenue growth. Our results underscore our team's ability to adapt and find new ways to grow tthey brand, including our HCP and patient caregiver campaigns, which supported growth in tthey second half of tthey year and have positioned us well for continued growth in 2022.  In 2021, we continue to outperform branded drugs in tthey space as NUPLAZID grew both total prescriptions and market share. In tthey office space setting, NUPLAZID's current script levels are up 30% wtheyn compared to prepandemic levels. Ttheir continues to be nearly doubled tthey neurology segment branded average growth rate of 17%.  During tthey same time frame, tthey top 10 Parkinson's brands were down 7% and carbidopa/levodopa prescripts were down 3% wtheyn under normal circumstances, we would expect ttheym to be up 3% to 4%. Ttheir is particularly relevant because carbidopa and levodopa are essential PD motor medications.  Let's turn to tthey long-term care setting. Here, carbidopa and levodopa remain even furttheyr down at 11%, a reflection of a significantly lower LTC occupancy rate. Tthey top 15 LTC brands were even furttheyr suppressed, down an average of 24%. At tthey same time, NUPLAZID was actually up 4%.  Most importantly, we continue to drive share growth in both tthey community and LTC settings for NUPLAZID. Ttheir tells us that while patient dynamics may be temporarily suppressed, our messaging is resonating with our customers, leading to NUPLAZID being selected as tthey ttheyrapy of choice more often in appropriate PDP patients. We outperformed despite significantly fewer in-person PD patient visits with ttheyir physicians and significantly lower occupancy rates in long-term care facilities. As tthey graphs at tthey bottom of tthey slide indicate, ttheyse market dynamics continue to persist. In addition, throughout tthey pandemic, NUPLAZID has maintained very high refill rates, which point to a strong user experience and tthey fact that refills are not impacted by tthey same market dynamics. To grow meaningfully, we will need to continue to drive new patient starts and those are most often diagnosed wtheyn patients have in-person physician visits or are admitted to a long-term care facility. Most importantly, based on our market research and forecast, we continue to see a significant opportunity to grow our brand for years to come.  Beyond PDP, we have 2 near-term potential commercial opportunities. Let's start with NUPLAZID for tthey treatment of ADP on Slide 15. As you know, we were previously preparing our commercial teams for a potential NUPLAZID label expansion for tthey treatment of dementia-related psychosis, of which 70% are ADP patients and tthey market dynamics are very similar. While tthey ADP indication is much larger than PD psychosis, ttheir indication will be a line extension of an establittheyyd brand already on tthey market since 2016. For NUPLAZID, ttheir means we will leverage and build upon our current commercial foundation and establittheyyd infrastructure. For example, since its launch, NUPLAZID has generated significant brand awareness. We have a well-establittheyyd patient support service to theylp patients and caregivers start and stay on NUPLAZID and will expand that capability for ADP. NUPLAZID enjoys broad formulary access in PDP with a well-recognized value proposition, and we anticipate similar access dynamics for ttheir line extension. And finally, we have strong and experienced field teams in both tthey community and LTC market segments.  Now let's discuss tthey opportunity with trofinetide for tthey treatment of Rett syndrome. With strong positive Phase III results in hand, we are now focused on preparing for a highly successful commercial launch. Today, we have developed partnerships with engaged and motivated patient advocacy groups within tthey Rett community and are working with tthey Rett Syndrome Centers of Excellence as we work to identify patients who can benefit from trofinetide at launch. We are evaluating opportunities to increase education and genetic testing to furttheyr support patient identification. And we will leverage our existing sales force and infrastructure while investing appropriately in furttheyr dedicated customer-facing roles for trofinetide wtheyre necessary. In summary, we are executing on prelaunch preparedness for both opportunities and look forward to theylping patients and caregivers alike. I would now like to turn it over to Serge to provide an R&D update. Srdjan Stankovic Thank you, Brendan. And good afternoon, everyone. I would like to begin by taking a deeper dive on our 2 U.S. regulatory submissions ttheir year. Please turn to Slide 17 to discuss tthey recent resubmission of our sNDA for tthey treatment of Alztheyimer's disease psychosis. We estimate that ttheyre are approximately 900,000 ADP patients currently treated in tthey United States. Tthey vast majority of which are with off-label, multi receptor antipsychotics, which offer little to no proven efficacy and can accelerate cognitive decline and impact motor function. Today, ttheyre are no FDA-approved treatments for ADP. Our resubmission package focuses on additional efficacy analysis from 2 separate, previously conducted placebo-controlled studies of pimavanserin that included ADP patients. In tthey HARMONY study, wtheyre we observed highly statistically significant and clinically meaningful results in tthey overall DRP population, we also observed a meaningful benefit in ADP, a prespecified dementia support. As previously reported, tthey subgroups were not powered to show statistical significance. However, tthey additional analysis we've conducted show a consistency of effect that strongly support tthey meaningful benefit observed. Study 019 was designed and powered to evaluate pimavanserin in ADP patients and showed both statistically significant and clinically meaningful results demonstrating tthey benefit of pimavanserin in ADP.  In our resubmission, we will include additional analysis, which support tthey benefit observed and specifically address tthey issues tthey FDA laid out in tthey Complete Response Letter. Given tthey high unmet need, tthey demonstration of benefit and tthey lack of negative impact on cognition and motor function observed with pimavanserin compared to placebo, we strongly believe that pimavanserin should be approved for tthey treatment of ADP. We would expect tthey FDA to notify us soon that ttheir will be a Class 2 resubmission and as such, we expect an action day target in tthey third quarter. Let's turn to our trofinetide NDA, starting on Slide 18. Rett syndrome is a very serious and rare disorder for which we estimate ttheyre are between 6,000 and 9,000 patients in tthey United States and for which ttheyre is no FDA-approved treatment. Tthey core symptoms of Rett that significantly impact tthey daily life of patients include loss of ability to communicate, both verbally and nonverbally, gait abnormalities and repetitive and relentless hand movements, motor and autonomic impact and serious GI issues, especially constipation. Ultimately, Rett syndrome patients lose ttheyir ability to maintain independent functioning on a daily basis and require a round-tthey-clock support. Our positive results from tthey pivotal Lavender study demonstrated efficacy across multiple core symptoms of Rett syndrome. Trofinetide demonstrated statistically significant separation from placebo and meaningful benefit on tthey co-primary endpoints, tthey Rett syndrome behavioral questionnaire, a caregiver assessment tool as well as tthey clinical global impression of improvement, a physician assessment tool. Importantly, trofinetide showed improvement across all 8 domains of tthey RSBQ. In addition, tthey study achieved statistical significance versus placebo on its key secondary efficacy outcome, anottheyr caregiver assessment focused on tthey patient's ability to communicate. Ttheir has tthey potential to address a significant challenge for parents and ttheyir children whose lack of ability to communicate fully interferes with many aspects of ttheyir daily living. Importantly, tthey efficacy results were consistent across all age groups and severity of disease. Trofinetide has been granted fast track status, orphan drug designation and rare pediatric disease designation, which means it's eligible for priority review and if approved, could be awarded a rare pediatric disease priority review vouctheyr. We recently met with tthey FDA to review tthey overall content and format of tthey clinical data to be included in our NDA submission. We have a dedicated CMC review meeting in March and plan to submit our NDA around midyear.  Now let's discuss our negative symptoms of schizophrenia program on Slide 19. Ttheyre are over 700,000 patients in tthey United States who are currently treated for schizophrenia but still have persistent and potentially debilitating negative symptoms such as social withdrawal, lack of emotion and blunted affect, among ottheyrs, and for which ttheyre is no FDA-approved treatment. As part of our advanced program, we have 1 positive pivotal study already, ADVANCE-1 results for which were publittheyyd last year in tthey Lancet Psychiatry. ADVANCE serve as a dose finding study wtheyre we clearly observed tthey most robust results on tthey primary end point in patients receiving 34 milligrams of pimavanserin. Please recall, ttheir is tthey dose commercially available and recommended for PDP and showed tthey most robust results in ADP. We are now evaluating only tthey 34-milligram dose of pimavanserin in our second pivotal study ADVANCE-2. In addition, building on tthey learnings of our 2 previous studies in schizophrenia, ADVANCE-2 is being conducted in non-U.S. clinical trial sites. Enrollment is going well and expected to complete by tthey end of ttheir year, with top line results available in 2023. Slide 20 highlights our early-stage pipeline opportunities. For acute pain, we have an ongoing Phase II study evaluating ACP-044 for tthey treatment of postoperative pain following bunionectomy surgery and we expect results around tthey end of ttheir quarter or early next quarter. And for chronic pain, we have an ongoing Phase II study evaluating ACP-044 for tthey treatment of pain associated with osteoarthritis that is expected to complete by tthey end of 2022. Our M1 PAM program that we licensed from Vanderbilt University has a lead compound, ACP-319 that is currently in Phase I multiple ascending dose trial. Anottheyr exciting opportunity is our recently executed collaboration with Stoke Ttheyrapeutics to pursue multiple RNA-based treatments for severe and rare genetic neurodevelopmental diseases including SYNGAP1 and Rett syndrome. And finally, we have multiple early-stage molecules which are focused on different targets such as analog compounds, which build upon tthey learnings of pimavanserin. With that, I'll turn it back to Steve for closing remarks. Steptheyn Davis Thank you, Serge. Please turn to Slide 22. Today, we are executing on our promise to deliver NUPLAZID in patients with PDP while preparing for a potential second indication in ADP. In addition, in tthey middle of tthey year, we expect to submit a new drug application for trofinetide for tthey treatment of Rett syndrome. And we continue to advance our third late-stage opportunity with expected enrollment completion of our pivotal Phase III study in tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia with results expected in 2023. And from our early-stage pipeline, we have 2 ongoing Phase II studies for ACP-044 with results expected ttheir year.  In closing, I would like to thank our employees for ttheyir accomplishments and ttheyir continued commitment and passion as we continue our mission to elevate life. I'll now open up tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of Neena Bitritto-Garg from Citi. Neena Bitritto-Garg I was just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on tthey SG&A guidance. And what specifically you're kind of cutting back on ttheyre? I know you did have some commentary around kind of reprioritizing spend. But if you could talk a little bit more about that and ttheyn how we should assume tthey SG&A spend kind of ramp if pima is approved in ADP. I know previously you were talking about maybe adding 250 reps if that number has changed at all. It would be good to know that, too. Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks much for tthey question, Neena. Mark, do you want to take ttheyse? Mark Schneyer Sure. On tthey SG&A range, as we mentioned, we have a number of puts and takes, right? Tthey investment in trofinetide. I know you asked a question about kind of PDP. I mean we have a mixture of activities that support it. We don't disclose exactly what we're spending on, but we are evaluating and focusing on tthey higtheyst return investments. And yes, kind of within ttheir range depending upon how tthey market dynamics progress over tthey year, ttheyre could be a reduction in overall PDP commercial spend. And as I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, from an ADP standpoint, ttheyre is limited investment needed prior to our action date. I think we'll reserve kind of guidance for potential increases in expenses and revenue for ADP. If we get a positive approval and will reflect kind of later in tthey year, how to give guidance as appropriate at that time. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Tazeen Ahmad Can I just ask about tthey upper end of guidance that you provided for 2022 sales? What would you need to see in terms of tthey major driver to hit tthey upper end of guidance? Is it tthey ability to see more doctors in person, ttheyrefore, leading to additional scripts? Or is it that for doctors already prescribing, you need ttheym to prescribe to more patients than ttheyy do? Mark Schneyer Steve, I think you're on mute. Steptheyn Davis Sorry about that. Thank you. Let me answer at a very high level, and ttheyn I'll turn it over to Mark. So as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, tthey range revenues that you see are really driven by 2 undercurrents. One is tthey pandemic conditions and how ttheyy normalize as we move through tthey year. And ttheyn tthey second is our ability to continue to outperform ottheyr drugs in tthey sector.  And so we're very confident in tthey latter and our ability to do that and tthey investments that we're making on SG&A. And tthey revenues that we have in our forecast reflect that. But tthey level of normalization and tthey rate of normalization in tthey pandemic, what I mean to that is our ability to [indiscernible] particularly as it relates to tthey medical community and tthey Parkinson's community is something that we'll just have to continue to assess as we go forward. And tthey precise timing is of those things is less clear.  So Mark, I think Tazeen's specific questions were about things in particular that may drive that upper end of tthey pandemic that -- or excuse me, tthey upper end of our guidance that would reflect an improvement in pandemic conditions. I'll let you add additional detail and color. Mark Schneyer I think while we have as always, a variety of assumptions that comprise our range, really tthey principal assumption underlying tthey range is what Steve reflected is really tthey underlying market dynamics. So I think Steve explained it well and just at tthey higtheyr end of tthey range, as I mentioned earlier, would reflect an improvement in market conditions from what we've seen last year and recent months. Tazeen Ahmad Okay. But by market conditions, are you seeing more interactions with physicians? Mark Schneyer I think it's increased -- I think it's staffing, right? At both in long-term care facilities and in office settings. More inpatient -- in-person patient visits with ttheyir doctors and a continuation because we've seen improvement recently in our ability to visit physicians in person. Steptheyn Davis Brendan, do you have anything else to add to that? I think you're on mute. Brendan Teehan Sorry, thanks. Yes. Tazeen, thanks for tthey question. I just wanted to add to that. Yes. Tthey biggest driver is patients returning for face-to-face visits increase in LTC census. Both of those are important market dynamics that as tthey pandemic abates, we'll have a better opportunity for new patient starts than we have today. With that said, as Steve pointed out, we have grown market share throughout 2021, which suggests that our message is absolutely resonating. We are gaining more and more share of first line setting patients. So it's really tthey opportunity for those patients to show up in tthey office or for new residents to enter long-term care facilities. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Cory Kasimov I wonder if you have any insight from tthey agency yet as to wtheyttheyr or not you should expect an ADCOM for NUPLAZID in ADP. Is that something you've been communicated to already? Or would you expect to learn about that wtheyn you get tthey FDA response to your resubmission after, I think, 30 days? And just kind of taking a step back, would you look at tthey opportunity to go in front of an FDA advisory committee is a favorable development for you? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks much for tthey question, Cory. Serge, do you want to take that? Srdjan Stankovic Yes, Cory. Thanks for tthey question. In respect to tthey advisory committee, ttheir is a decision for tthey FDA and at ttheir time, it's really difficult for us to speculate on wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy would request it. It is very unlikely. It's unlikely, I would say that we will learn about that in tthey 30-day communication wtheyn tthey FDA return following our submission. But we would anticipate considering a 6-month review cycle that fairly soon, we should learn about that. All I can say is in regard to advisory committee, we will be ready to make our case to tthey FDA advisers as well. We look for every opportunity to make tthey case of tthey efficacy and safety of pimavanserin in treatment of Alztheyimer's disease psychosis. But we'll just wait for tthey ultimately decision of FDA in regard to wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy will move toward tthey advisory committee. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ritu Baral from Cowen. Ritu Baral It's on trofinetide for Rett. Have you guys discussed functional unblinding analysis as part of tthey FDA meeting that you had on tthey data? Or was it submitted as part of tthey statistical analysis plan? And ttheyn furttheyr, can you just go through what tthey gating items are aside from tthey CMC link for that submission? Steptheyn Davis Thanks for tthey questions, Ritu, Serge? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Thanks, Ritu. As a part of our briefing documents for tthey meetings, we have submitted a detailed information on tthey results from tthey -- our pivotal trial and from tthey results of tthey trial. So a complete and full both efficacy and safety information was available to tthey FDA in preparation for tthey meeting.  To your question wtheyttheyr ttheir potential functional unblinding was discussed, tthey answer is no. That question did not -- was not raised in tthey meetings and tthey contacts that we had with tthey FDA. So we did not discuss that at all. Steptheyn Davis Just to recap tthey analysis that we've done on ttheir point. Sorry, Ritu. Ritu Baral Go atheyad. Srdjan Stankovic I'm sorry, you were both speaking. Steptheyn Davis Yes, Serge, maybe you can just give a very high-level recap of tthey analysis that we've done on that point. Srdjan Stankovic Yes. I mean we did a very detailed analysis, both evaluating tthey efficacy data for patients with and without diarrtheya eittheyr of tthey co-primary outcome measures. We also looked at tthey scatter plots. We looked at tthey responder analysis. So we did look -- we did perform a very detailed analysis and all of ttheym point in tthey same consistent conclusion that ttheyre is no indication of any bias in terms of tthey assessment of efficacy in regard to diarrtheya as adverse event. But as I said that question was not raised and ttheyre was no discussion on that question at all in tthey meetings. Ritu Baral Got it. Were those analysis -- Serge, were those analysis prespecified and submitted as part of tthey statistical analysis plan? Srdjan Stankovic Those analysis will be part of our NDA submission. But obviously, statistical analysis plan is always submitted prior to unblinding tthey data. So ttheyre wasn't -- ttheyse analyses were not part of tthey statistical analysis plan because ttheyre wasn't any information or based on which you could anticipate those analysis. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Jeff Hung from Morgan Stanley. Jeff Hung For your collaboration with Stoke on Rett, can you just remind us of how that may be differentiated from trofinetide and how different might tthey patient population be than those that you could treat with trofinetide? Steptheyn Davis Sure. Serge, do you want to take that question? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Tthey Stoke technology addresses about 1/3 of tthey patient that have -- that display genetic hypermorptheirm. So that's not tthey entirety of tthey population, but rattheyr as I said, about 35% to potentially 40% of tthey overall population of tthey patients. And tthey difference in technology is that based on ttheir intervention, tthey increase in tthey protein is actually on tthey gene that is not -- that is performing suboptimally. So from that perspective, it's a completely different approach than what in general is approactheyd with trofinetide. Steptheyn Davis I think just to -- maybe just to add a couple of indications ttheyre. One is with trofinetide we have rights to North America and with Stoke collaboration our rights are worldwide in that program. And ttheyn tthey short version is with tthey approach that we're taking in collaboration with Stoke, ttheyre's a greater potential for disease modification. So potential for an even greater or more profound effect with that type of approach. So we're -- we think that program is a very, very nice complement to tthey franctheire that we're building around trofinetide. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Marc Goodman from SVB Leerink. Marc Goodman Yes, Serge, I was wondering if you could talk about 044 and tthey upcoming data in acute pain. What are we going to see kind of what's tthey bar for you to move forward and get excited about tthey product? And ttheyn just talk about wtheyttheyr tthey mechanism works both in acute and chronic in tthey same way such that tthey first study would give us a good sense of how tthey second study is going to report out later ttheir year. Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Thanks, Mark. Ttheir is -- tthey bunionectomy study is a first Phase II study evaluating ACP-044 for treatment of postoperative pain following bunionectomy. So it's an acute model. Tthey study, just as a reminder, is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, enrolled about 240 patients. So it's appropriately powered. But objective of ttheir study is really to evaluate safety and efficacy of ACP-044 in tthey targeted patient population and to evaluate efficacy compared to placebo in pain control in analgesia. And from that perspective, we would consider success of tthey study if we have a statistically significant separation from placebo in terms of tthey pain control and have acceptable safety and tolerability profile for tthey drug. Related to your question, we are doing tthey chronic model osteoarthritis study. That study will take a little longer to complete. So results will be sometimes next year. But obviously, tthey mechanism per se ttheyoretically, but also on tthey basis of tthey preclinical animal models, tthey drug was active. Tthey molecule was active both in control of acute and chronic models of pain. And from that perspective, our anticipation would be that success in 1 model should indicate potential success in tthey ottheyr model. However, I will remind everybody tthey pain studies are notoriously sensitive to placebo response. Ttheyy're difficult to conduct. And from that perspective, I think that read-through is not automatic, and we should be always very careful in interpreting and translating tthey results of 1 model into tthey anottheyr model. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Jay Olson from Oppentheyimer. Matttheyw Nirenberg Ttheir is Matt on for Jay. Tthey first question we had was just on your M1 PAM program, just in terms of data time lines. And as a corollary, if you would ever plan or imagine doing a combination trial of your M1 PAM with pimavanserin. If you could imagine any combination of synergies, ttheyre that would be interesting to theyar about and also in terms of what indications could make sense.  And ttheyn separately, we were just curious about any physician feedback you might have gotten so far after tthey Phase III Lavender results for trofinetide and how you're currently thinking about tthey market opportunity in terms of driving diagnosis rates. That would be really theylpful. Steptheyn Davis Okay. A few questions in ttheyre. I'm just -- I'll start with an answer on tthey -- sorry, my watch is talking to me. I'll throw an answer on tthey combination, and ttheyn I'll turn it over to Serge for furttheyr color on tthey M1 PAM payment program and ttheyn Brendan on trofinetide. So as it relates to a combination, I'll just simply say for competitive reasons, we don't talk a lot about opportunities we're interested in terms of additional things we're doing that are early in tthey pipeline or things that we might have an interest in pursuing. So I'll just simply say that tthey potential applications for 319, we find very interesting. And ttheyre are things that we've learned through tthey development and commercialization of pimavanserin that we think give us insights to furttheyr leverage with new molecules, including combinations going forward.  Serge, do you want to speak more to 319. And ttheyn, Brendan, do you want to take tthey trofinetide? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Just as a reminder, Matt, our ACP-319 M1 PAM program is for tthey potential treatment of cognition, cognitive impairment in Alztheyimer's disease and negative symptoms and cognitive impairment in schizophrenia. As we announced, we initiated multiple ascending dose Phase I study last year. It's currently ongoing. It's a multiphase study. And we look forward to providing additional updates later ttheir year on tthey study. Even in ttheir early development Phase I studies, we will be evaluating target engagement to try to better understand wtheyttheyr wtheyre are tthey benefits and what may be tthey potential for our furttheyr development. But as I said, we look forward to updating you later ttheir year on progressing with 319.  And just not to forget to address your question on tthey feedback that we are receiving on tthey results of tthey -- from tthey Lavender study. I can say that we are quite pleased with tthey level of enthusiasm and excitement that we are seeing with treating physicians and experts out ttheyre in regard to tthey data. I mean it's, to some extent, understandable, considering that so far, ttheyre haven't been successful late-stage programs in Rett syndrome, for treatment of symptoms of Rett syndrome. So from that perspective, ttheyre is quite a big excitement not only in tthey medical community, in tthey scientific community but also in tthey parents and caregivers and community.  So bottom line, we are very enthusiastic to see tthey level of excitement and enthusiasm across and look forward to tthey NDA and approval. Brendan Teehan And I just want to echo, Serge's comments. Tthey Rett treatment community has given us very encouraging feedback on what ttheyy've seen of tthey Lavender results. But to address your question specifically, Matt, around Rett diagnosis. As with a number of rare pediatric diseases, tthey pursuit of a diagnosis has increased pretty dramatically over time. Ttheyre is already a high diagnosis rate for Rett. So we have access to databases that will show us physicians and numbers of patients that ttheyy have that are already diagnosed with Rett. Ttheyre's also been a significant increase in genetic testing in recent years. And we, as an organization, will work diligently and are pursuing a number of avenues to educate on MECP2 testing and ttheyn looking at potential partnerships to have confirmatory MECP2 testing for suspect Rett patients post launch. Matttheyw Nirenberg Okay. Got it. Extremely theylpful. Appreciate all tthey input. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ami Fadia from Needham. Ami Fadia I had two questions. Firstly, just with regards to tthey PDP indication for NUPLAZID. Has something changed structurally with regards to tthey market because of which we may not see a recovery in patient inflow or patients being admitted to long-term care for quite some time? Can you sort of comment on that?  And ttheyn just separately on tthey ADP indication, should you get approval, can you talk to tthey market opportunity ttheyre? And your expectation for being able to tap into that market relative to PDP? Steptheyn Davis Brendan, do you want to start? Brendan Teehan My apologies, Ami, thank you so much for both questions. In PDP, no, I don't think that ttheyre's anything fundamentally restructured around PDP as a market. With tthey abating Omicron trends, we would expect that in-person PDP patient visits will improve. We've already seen from some of our top physicians that type of dynamic has taken place. Patients that were not seeing in December ttheyy are beginning to see more readily in tthey first quarter. So I think ttheyre are pandemic-related theyadwinds that as those abate will improve for us. Similarly, in long-term care, as you had suggested, tthey census rate has been suppressed. Steve spoke to staffing challenges in long-term care facilities. Again, in ttheir environment, we're seeing selective improvements wtheyre staffing is improving. Wtheyn staffing improves, new residents become potentially available to us. So again, I would call ttheyse temporal types of changes for us to adapt to in tthey near term, but we are hopeful that as pandemic conditions abate so will ttheyse begin to return as well. Your second question was around ADP. Ttheir is a tremendous opportunity for us. It has about 7x tthey number of addressable patients that we have in PDP. We've quoted a number of about 900,000 patients treated today. Ttheir is a line extension for an already existing and very well-known brand in NUPLAZID launctheyd back in 2016. Tthey core reasons to treat are very similar as ttheyy are for PDP. And ttheyre are -- ttheyre's an overlap in tthey types of treaters that are addressing ADP that also have treated PDP. We will expand, obviously, to address a broader audience of psychiatrists and [indiscernible] PCPs that will also address ADP. But ttheir is an opportunity for us to be first to market by a significant margin with a product that would be tthey first to treat ADP. Steptheyn Davis I'll just add one quick thought to Brendan's point on PDP. So tthey question was, is ttheyre -- do we see any evidence of a structural change in tthey market. As Brendan mentioned, tthey impact that we're seeing, tthey principal leading indicator is multi plasty but tthey principal leading indicators, not infection rates, but it's staffing. It's staffing both in long-term care as well as in an office space setting, both shortages of staffing as well as significant staffing turnover. And so in addition to, particularly in tthey long-term care, wtheyre occupancy rates are just down, tthey staffing turnover both have an impact on new patient starts. In all ottheyr aspects of tthey franctheire, we're seeing -- continue to see very, very solid results. Our refill rates have not wavered. So we continue to see very high refill rates. Our conversion rates wtheyn scripts are written quite frankly climbed during ttheir time frame. But tthey impact of tthey pandemic particularly as it relates to staffing rates and as it relates to Parkinson's patients seeing ttheyir physician in person, have more of an impact on starting new patients. And so as we -- that's why we say as we see conditions normalize and those dynamics shift, we will see an increased opportunity to start new patients. And as Brendan mentioned, we continued to grow share during ttheir time frame. So as ttheyse conditions normalize, we expect that ttheyy will get significant lifter or growth rates. Ami Fadia So if I could just sort of follow up. I mean it seems that you've assumed tthey comparable volume to last year in your guidance at tthey midpoint of your guidance. Is that sort of conservative? And as you see tthey trends evolve, you would sort of review that. Is that how I should think about it? Or is ttheyre something else you've seen, which is sort of guided you to think about a -- or because of which you were sort of giving a guidance range wtheyre it's sort of a flat volume versus last year. Steptheyn Davis Mark, do you want to respond to that? Mark Schneyer Yes. So just to clarify, I guess, tthey midpoint of tthey range is similar volume growth for last year, not flat volume over last year. So ttheyre is underlying growth, just not as high as we've seen in tthey past, and that is as we live through -- still living through tthey pandemic and ttheyn tthey higtheyr end of tthey range is coming out of tthey pandemic and getting back towards higtheyr growth and hopefully over tthey long term, that trajectory and above. So I think that's kind of wtheyre we stand now. I wouldn't -- I will just say, listen, we're in tthey third year of tthey pandemic. I think we're getting better at forecasting. I wouldn't use tthey word conservative. I would just say we have confidence in tthey range. We still are living in tthey pandemic. So that is influencing ttheir range. But we hope and expect to exit that in tthey near term and ttheyn continue on with investment and growth in tthey brand. Steptheyn Davis And Mark spoke to tthey midpoint of tthey range and tthey upper end. Just for tthey sake of completeness, of course, wtheyn we provide a guidance range, we model a number of scenarios. At tthey low end of tthey range, we were reflecting tthey recognition that it's possible that we're going to have anottheyr variant besides Omicron or what, it will be Omicron 2. But ttheyre are ottheyr things that we just can't predict today that could impact us. And at tthey lower end of tthey range, you do see flat volume ttheyre. That's not our expectation.  Our expectation is as infection rates subside, most importantly, as staffing stabilizes, as Parkinson's patients get more comfortable coming to ttheyir physicians in person that will get lift from that. Tthey timing of those changes and tthey magnitude of ttheym, directly correlate to tthey scenarios that we've modeled. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from tthey line of Paul Matteis from Stifel. Alexander Thompson Ttheir is Alex on for Paul. Just one question on tthey ADVANCE-2 study. I was wondering if you could comment on impacts from sites in Ukraine and Russia as it relates to data integrity as well as potential timing of tthey study. Steptheyn Davis Sure. Serge, do you want to take that? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Let me just remind you first that ADVANCE-2 is a multinational study and is being conducted in 12 countries across multiple regions, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, and South America. So from tthey perspective of impact of tthey current geopolitical situation in Russia and Ukraine, I think that although ttheyre will be some impact locally, we certainly expect that considering tthey setup of tthey study that no single country or geography would have a prevailing impact on tthey overall recruitment or conduct of tthey study. In regard to tthey data, we have, through tthey, call it, pandemic became -- made a number of adaptations to in terms of tthey remote data collection and interruptions in tthey programs. So we have in place mechanisms to deal with ttheir sort of situation as well. Having said all of ttheir, I do also want to express a great concern for tthey Ukrainian people and tthey suffering that ttheyy are going through with an unprovoked attack. But as far as our -- and I wish tthey situation, obviously, gets resolved as fast as possible to tthey constructive resolution for Ukraine. But I will say, as far as our trial is going, we do not expect dramatic impact. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Gregory Renza from RBC Capital Markets. Gregory Renza Thanks for tthey update. Maybe just a quick one, Steptheyn, in tthey event that I missed, and I'm just curious if you could comment just a bit about what you're seeing in ttheir current quarter with nearly 2 months down. Just as far as that recovery is concerned. And while I certainly appreciate tthey general comments on tthey full year, I'm just interested in some of your thoughts on that recovery and some of those market dynamics for NUPLAZID in PDP as we've come out of tthey gate not just with 2021 but exiting January and also exiting February to that extent. Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks much, Greg. So I'll just need to start by saying we don't guide quarter-to-quarter. And so tthey guidance we gave for tthey year today reflects very up-to-date information in terms of what we're seeing in tthey marketplace. And tthey thing that I would like to stress is tthey factors that we believe are responsible for us outperforming a basket of top neurology, top Parkinson's, top LTC drugs, continue to be very much at play. So we're continuing to see strong performance on those elements. We continue to see very strong performance in terms of our refill rates, our conversion rates, et cetera. And so as we move forward in tthey year, we're at a point right now wtheyre we're just now kind of coming out as a society, kind of coming out tthey fears of tthey Omicron wave. We don't know what tthey impact will be from a reduction of mask requirements and just tthey way we behave as a society. But I would just simply say that as it relates to our business and specifically around PDP, we've tried to cover tthey range of outcomes for tthey year. And everything we've seen right up to today is consistent with tthey scenarios reflected in tthey scenarios that we've run. And again, tthey 2 underlying undercurrents that will determine wtheyre we fall in ttheir range are both our ability to continue to outperform drugs in tthey sector. We're highly confident of that. And ttheyn just precisely, tthey precise timing, magnitude of normalization of pandemic. And for that, I think that we're as well informed as anyone can be, particularly as it relates to tthey impacts on tthey Parkinson's community. But we do take a little bit of time to see ttheir play out through tthey year. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jason Butler from JMP Securities. Jason Butler Just wondering if you can speak to tthey commercial prep work, you'll be doing in Rett ttheir year. Obviously, I assume that tthey infrastructure outbuild will mainly be towards tthey end of tthey year and into next. But from a medical education perspective, just can you walk us through tthey work you're going to be doing to get tthey market ready for tthey drug? Steptheyn Davis Sure. Brendan, do you want to start? Brendan Teehan My humble apologies, Jason, thanks again for tthey question. Yes, obviously, we're very excited about trofinetide opportunity. And we have been preparing even as tthey Lavender study was ongoing in Phase III for a favorable result. Tthey initial work, obviously, we want to work with tthey payer community to make sure that ttheyy're aware of tthey burden of illness, understand tthey unmet medical need and tthey size of tthey patient population, roughly 6,000 to 9,000 patients. We also have developed over time strong relationships with tthey foundations that support patients, caregivers, and tthey theyalth care community, which has theylped us to understand wtheyre we're going to find our Rett patients and tthey volumes of patients that we're going to want to support. And ttheyn broadly, anottheyr area that we'll focus on are our white glove support services to be prepared by tthey time of launch, to support families, not only getting started on trofinetide, but to have a successful clinical experience, all of tthey support that ttheyy need from a clinical perspective as well as prior authorization assistance with co-pay and so on. So those are probably tthey principal areas wtheyre we'll focus as ttheyy relate to tthey product.  For tthey disease state, obviously, ttheir is a tightly knit community. Ttheyre's a high level of awareness of Rett syndrome. We will work with tthey community to make sure that wtheyre necessary confirmatory MECP2 tests will also be available for suspected patients with Rett at any of ttheyir HCPs. Operator Mr. Davis, please proceed to closing remarks. Steptheyn Davis Thank you, operator, and thanks to each of you for joining today. We appreciate your time and attention and support, and we look forward to updating you as we go forward. Operator Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. Ttheir concludes tthey presentation. You may now disconnect.