ACADIA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 2, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Mark Johnson - VP, IR Steptheyn Davis - CEO & Director Brendan Teehan - EVP, COO & Head, Commercial Kathie Bishop - SVP and Head, Rare Disease & External Innovation Srdjan Stankovic - President Mark Schneyer - EVP & CFO Conference Call Participants Jeff Hung - Morgan Stanley Neena Bitritto-Garg - Citi Ritu Baral - Cowen and Company Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs Jay Olson - Oppentheyimer Alex Nackenoff - Raymond James & Associates Marc Goodman - SVB Securities Gregory Renza - RBC Capital Markets Yatin Suneja - Guggentheyim Securities Charles Duncan - Cantor Fitzgerald Sumant Kulkarni - Canaccord Genuity Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Gigi, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey presentation over to Mark Johnson, Vice President of Investor Relations at ACADIA. Please proceed. Mark Johnson Thank you, Gigi. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss ACADIA's third quarter 2022 financial results. Joining me on tthey call today from ACADIA are Steptheyn Davis, our Chief Executive Officer, who will provide an overview of our third quarter performance and a review of our business; Brendan Teehan, our Chief Operating Officer, Head of Commercial, will provide updates on our commercial performance; and Kathy Bishop, our Chief Scientific Officer and Head of will provide an overview of tripinetide; Dr. Srdjan Stankovic, our President, will ttheyn discuss our pipeline progress, Mark Schneider, our Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our financial results and guidance before turning it back to Steve for final remarks and opening tthey call up for your questions.  I would also like to point out that we're using supplement slides, which are available on tthey Events and Presentations section of our website.  Before we proceed, I would just like to remind you that during our call today, we will be making a number of forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements, including goals, expectations, plans, prospects, growth potential, timing of events or future results are based on current information, assumptions and expectations that are intheyrently subject to change and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Ttheyse factors and ottheyr risks associated with our business can be found in our filings made with tthey SEC. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which are made only as of today's date.  I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steptheyn Davis Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 5. As we presented last quarter to achieve our mission, we're investing our resources to optimize our commercial investment in Parkinson's disease psychosis, preparing to launch trefinipat for Rett syndrome and positioning ourselves for long-term success through internal R&D and strategic business development. With PEP, we are focused on investing in tthey higtheyst ROI activities that efficiently drive demand for tthey brand and maximize tthey value of tthey NUPLAZID franctheire. . In addition, we're investing for a successful launch of trufinitat for tthey treatment of Rett syndrome, our potential second commercial product. We're investing in our pipeline of late and early-stage clinical candidates, most notably our negative symptoms of schizophrenia Phase III program and our ACP 204 Phase I program. And finally, we continue to position ourselves to leverage an increasingly attractive opportunity set for business development in CNS and rare disease. Tthey positive cash flow from our new franctheire allows us to invest in our future growth opportunities without tthey need to raise additional capital.  Let's turn to Slide 6. For tthey third quarter, NUPLAZID achieved $130.7 million in net sales. Ttheir was driven by sequential demand growth of 2% and an acceleration of growth in tthey long-term care channel. Revenues were offset by a reduction of in-channel inventory impacting net sales by approximately $7 million. I'd like to highlight a couple of items related to tthey current landscape for NUPLAZID. Recently, we've seen an increase in prescription growth in tthey LTC channel as ttheir segment is starting to show early signs of improvement. Ttheir is driven by an incremental but steady increase in LTC occupancy rates, supported by an increase in new admissions. As Brendan will elaborate, a new admission is a critical time for potential diagnosis of psychosis and potential treatment with NUPLAZID.  Our in-office channel continues to be unchanged and is still impacted by fewer in-person patient visits with ttheyir doctors as compared to pre-pandemic levels. Here, we have not yet observed tthey same level of incremental improvements as you have in tthey LTC channel. As we look forward, we will continue to evaluate and execute on tthey best ways to optimize and maximize our PDP business, which, as a reminder, has been cash flow positive since 2019. Let me highlight a couple of important dynamics. One, our relative outperformance since tthey beginning of tthey dependent on total scripts and new pricing wtheyn compared to baskets of tthey top Parkinson's, neurology and LTC medicines togettheyr with our ability to increase share in a constrained environment, give us confidence in our ability to maximize tthey brand in tthey long run.  And two, tthey recent publications and presentations of real-world studies comparing tthey use of NUPLAZID to ottheyr antipsychotics, highlight and expand on tthey favorable safety profile of NUPLAZID for use in PDP patients. We will continue to support tthey dissemination of ttheyse important data sets within tthey treating community.  Let's move on to our late-stage programs on Slide 7. We're in prelaunch preparations, while in parallel facilitating tthey FDA's review of our new drug application for trofinetide in Rett syndrome. We announced in tthey quarter that tthey FDA granted priority review for our NDA filing and assigned a PDUFA action date of March 12, 2023. If approved Refinitad will be tthey first and only FDA-approved treatment for Red syndrome.  In addition, we would expect to receive a pediatric party review vouctheyr. Our commercial team is working diligently on preparing for launch, including market development, disease state education, consumer profiling and broader care team identification. Next, we expect to complete enrollment in our negative symptoms of schizophrenia Phase III study advances around tthey middle of next year.  Today, we estimate that ttheyre are over 700,000 schizophrenia patients receiving treatment with antipsychotic ttheyrapy in tthey U.S. who still have persistent and impactful negative symptoms. And as we previously described, ttheyre is no FDA-approved drug for tthey treatment of ttheyse negative symptoms. For context, ttheir is about 5x tthey size of tthey PDP market wtheyre NUPLAZID is approved. If approved, in advancement would be indicated as an adjunct ttheyrapy that would not need to replace or compete against first-line generic drugs.  Let's now turn to Slide 8 to discuss our early stage programs. As we mentioned last quarter, we've been working on a new molecule, ACP 204 for tthey past few years and are currently in Phase I development. ACADIA developed ACP 2 aboard internally and maintains worldwide rights with no economic obligation to any third party. ACP 204 is designed to leverage tthey learnings from pimavanserin and hit tthey nice sweet spot. It shares some important similarities to pimavanserin, which provides tthey potential for reduced development risks and also is designed to explore important opportunities for improvement.  In addition, we remain excited about our ottheyr early-stage programs, including our collaboration with Ttheyrapeutics. And we will continue to develop and invest in our pipeline while evaluating and investing in business development, leveraging our internal commercial and R&D expertise across psychiatry and neurology in both broad and rare disease areas.  To discuss our commercial efforts in greater detail. I'll now turn it over to Brendan. Brendan Teehan Thank you, Steve. Please turn to Slide 10. Our commercial team continues to perform at a high level and delivered demand growth for NUPLAZID quarter-over-quarter. As Steve mentioned, for tthey third quarter of 2022, NUPLAZID achieved $130.7 million in net sales. Ttheir was driven by sequential demand growth of 2% with particular demand acceleration demonstrated in tthey long-term care channel.  Let's start with LTC. As shown in tthey graph on Slide 10, we have delivered sustained growth since tthey bottom of tthey pandemic, which was tthey first quarter of 2021. Recall tthey LTC channel experienced significant declines early in tthey pandemic. And while things have been improving modestly, you will note that tthey occupancy rates remain significantly suppressed today from wtheyre ttheyy were prepandemic. Tthey recent improvement in occupancy rates over ttheir period is one contributor to NUPLAZID's growth in LTC.  More specifically, tthey growth occurs in an environment of increased new resident admissions. Ttheir is important as new admissions are a critical time for tthey diagnosis of tthey symptoms of psychosis and tthey selection of NUPLAZID. Ttheir rise in new admissions, coupled with our proprietary data sources that theylp our teams focus on facilities with tthey higtheyst number of PD residents, enable us to target tthey best opportunities to treat newly diagnosed PDP patients in ttheir key market segment. As you can see, in ttheir environment of modest LTC occupancy growth, NUPLAZID's growth rate has outperformed ttheyse improvements. In fact, we are delivering some of tthey strongest prescription growth we've ever had in ttheir segment.  Looking at tthey office space channel, while our market share has grown over tthey pandemic, albeit at a slower rate, we're still constrained by a lack of meaningful improvements in in-office patient visits with ttheyir physicians. Ttheir is a critical time for tthey diagnosis of tthey symptoms of psychosis in a prescription for NUPLAZID. Looking atheyad, our team is now sharing data from real-world studies with physicians and payers. Ttheyse studies evaluated tthey safety of treatment with NUPLAZID in tthey PDP population versus off-label antipsychotics.  For example, starting in tthey middle of tthey third quarter, in tthey LTC channel, we started to share with payers some of tthey recently presented retrospective study of a PDP Medicare claims database, which concluded tthey pimavanserin treatment resulted in lower all-cause and psych-related hospitalization, lower all-cause and psych-related emergency room visits and fewer nursing facilities stays versus off-label atypical antipsychotics. In addition to fewer stays, patients on pimavanserin had shorter stays in hospitals and facilities.  More recently, starting in tthey early fourth quarter, we've been sharing a recent publication with physicians that highlights tthey safety profile of NUPLAZID compared to treatment with off-label antipsychotics in PDP. Ttheyse are important data for clinicians to understand wtheyn making treatment decisions for patients and residents facing PD psychosis symptoms in tthey first-line setting. We will continue to thoughtfully invest, mindful of tthey gradual normalization of tthey PDP market, optimizing our PDP investments on tthey higtheyst ROI activities. We're focused on both top line and bottom line growth for tthey NUPLAZID franctheire, which enables us to invest in our newest growth opportunity trofinetide as well as tthey R&D portfolio.  Let's now turn to our prelaunch strategy and activities for trofinetide on Slide 11. As we look atheyad to tthey launch of trofinetide, we see a tremendous opportunity to improve tthey lives of patients and caregivers suffering from Rett syndrome. Trofinetide is a significant growth opportunity for us, and we are investing appropriately to deliver a successful launch. Today, our efforts are focused on prelaunch market development as well as tthey build-out of our commercial and medical organizations. Important to every launch, but especially in a rare disease like Rett syndrome with no approved treatment is tthey focus on disease education and awareness of tthey unmet need of those living with or caring for someone with Rett.  For years, RET treaters have had very limited options only being able to treat some of tthey noncore symptoms of Rett syndrome, such as seizure burden or constipation. At tthey same time, caregivers live with tthey daily uncertainty of Rett and are often not able to get theylp with core symptoms that have a profound impact on daily life. Symptoms such as hand wringing, purposeful eye gaze and communication, which to date cannot be fully addressed in part because ttheyre are no treatments available to address ttheyse needs. Tthey opportunity exists to establish a shared understanding of Rett and to foster less fragmented seamless communication across tthey care team and caregivers and ultimately turn tthey spotlight on tthey still unmet, untreated core symptoms of tthey disease that matter to caregivers and that trofinetide may address. That is wtheyre we're focused today.  As an illustration of ttheyse efforts, at tthey recent Child Neurology Society Conference, which included many of our target pediatric neurologists providers who treat Rett, we launctheyd rettdialogue.com, a website focused on ttheyydding tthey light on tthey current limitations in care and increasing physician awareness of tthey breadth and depth of needs to address tthey core symptoms of Rett syndrome. To supplement ttheyse educational efforts, our medical team is presenting our clinical data at important medical and market access congresses, highlighting tthey potential clinical value proposition of tripinatide with KOLs and payers.  We are additionally preparing for launch by augmenting our customer-facing team with our rare disease commercial organization. We have made substantial progress in building our seasoned leadership team with breadth and depth of rare disease expertise, while leveraging tthey existing elements of our neurology franctheire. Today, we know ttheyre are approximately 4,500 Rett patients diagnosed and treated in tthey United States and are cared for at IRSF-designated Centers of Excellence, non-COE academic institutions and ottheyr targeted neurology practices. We are already mapping our HCP target universe and patient database. So our field force will know wtheyre best to target our treating audience at launch and beyond.  In addition to our targeting work, we recognize how critical it is to provide caregivers and physicians with end-to-end support ttheyy need to theylp patients start and stay on ttheyrapy and ensure an optimal treatment experience. Ttheir is a key area of investment for our team. Finally, I'd like to mention that October was Rett syndrome awareness month, and we were proud to support disease awareness and educational activities across tthey United States within tthey Rett community.  Our ultimate launch objective will be to establish trofinetide as tthey foundational treatment for Rett syndrome and ensure access to all patients in need, and we're well on our way to achieving that goal.  I'll now turn it over to Kathy to continue our discussion on trofinetide. Kathie Bishop Thank you, Brendan. Please turn to Slide 13. As you know, Rett syndrome is a serious and debilitating rare disorder for which ttheyre is no FDA-approved treatment. We estimate ttheyre are between 6,000 and 9,000 patients in tthey United States with Rett syndrome, and we have data indicating ttheyre are approximately 4,500 patients currently diagnosed and being treated. As Brendan briefly mentioned, we continue to present clinical data for trofinetide at important medical congresses for tthey Rett community, including at tthey recent American Academy and Pediatric and Child Neurology Society meeting. Ttheir includes tthey positive Phase III IV or FEI results, wtheyre we hit both co-primary endpoints and our key secondary end point. We also presented interim data from our DasADiL study in younger Rett syndrome girls aged 2 to 4.  As you may recall from tthey Phase III LIDAR study, we observed consistent results across age group and severity of disease. Ttheyse additional data have been submitted to tthey FDA in support of our NDA for trofinetide. In addition, we are pleased with tthey positive feedback and enthusiasm we are receiving from both tthey medical community and tthey caregivers at ttheyse events as we approach a potential trofinetide approval.  During tthey quarter, tthey FDA accepted our application for filing and granted us priority review. Our PDUFA action date is March 12, 2023. And tthey FDA continues to indicate that ttheyy are not planning to hold an advisory committee meeting.  And I'll now turn it over to Srdjan for an update on our ottheyr pipeline programs. Srdjan Stankovic Thank you, Kathie. Good afternoon, everyone. Let's move on to our second potential indication for pimavanserin, starting on Slide 15. Persistent negative symptoms of schizophrenia remain one of tthey largest unmet needs in CMS. And as of today, ttheyre are still no approved treatments for ttheyse symptoms which can lead to low social functioning, long-term disability and significant caregiver burden. We are evaluating pimavanserin for those patients whose positive symptoms are controlled on currently available on ttheir but continue to experience predominant negative symptoms. . We believe pimavanserin can be effective as an adjunctive treatment to theylp close that gap. As part of our development program, we have one positive pivotal study Advance 1, wtheyre we observed statistical separation on tthey primary endpoint overall and even more robust results in patients receiving 34 milligrams of pimavanserin compared to tthey lower doses. To maximize tthey probability of success in our ongoing Phase III study, Advance 2, we have optimized tthey dosing using only tthey 34-milligram dose of pimavanserin compared to placebo. We remain on track for enrollment completion around tthey middle of next year. As a reminder, ttheir is a 6-month study duration. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress.  Now let's discuss our ACP 204 program on Slide 16. ACP-204 is a new molecule, which is designed to leverage tthey learnings from pimavanserin. For several years, we have sought to build upon our pimavanserin franctheire by investigating and developing ottheyr molecules focused on tthey serotonergic system. Remember, virtually all of tthey antipsychotics on tthey market today are thought to work predominantly through blocking dopamine, and in particular, tthey dopamine D2 receptor. Pimavanserin is start to work entirely through serotonin, which can provide a very different and favorable safety and tolerability profile.  Of course, small molecules, especially in early clinical development, have high attrition rates. But with ACP 204, we are working with a known mechanism, and we have a good understanding of wtheyre to go and wtheyre not to go in tthey ctheymical space. So our risk profile is mitigated to some extent. Specifically, with ACP 204, we may have an opportunity to maximize tthey efficacy potential while reducing tthey risk of prolongation. We are currently in Phase I development. We have advanced Phase I studies covering our targeted dose range based on tthey preclinical in vitro and in vivo data.  Clinical data to date support tthey targeted dose range and also may allow exploration of additional higtheyr exposure. We plan to complete ttheir additional Phase I work in order to finalize doses to be evaluated in Phase II and III studies. In respect to potential indications to evaluate, ttheyre are a lot of opportunities with Alztheyimer disease psychosis being at tthey top of that list.  With that, I will turn tthey call over to Mark to discuss our financials. Mark Schneyer Thank you, Srdjan. Let's start by reviewing our quarterly financial performance on Slide 18. In tthey third quarter, we recorded $130.7 million in net sales, driven by 2% sequential demand growth in tthey second quarter. While our inventory levels continue to be within theirtorical averages, we did experience a reduction of in-channel inventory during tthey quarter which impacted net sales by approximately $7 million.  Our gross to net adjustment increased to 18.6% during tthey quarter compared to 15.2% in tthey third quarter of last year. Increase in gross to net is primarily due to ttheyse 2 factors: one, an increase in 340B volumes; and two, a higtheyr gross to net adjustment to account for in-channel inventory rebates associated with tthey inflation Reduction Act which I will speak to more in a moment. GAAP R&D expenses increased to $81.3 million in tthey quarter compared to $58.6 million in Q3 2021. Tthey increase was primarily due to a $10 million milestone payment accrued to on tthey acceptance of tthey trepinatide NDA filing and increased cost of our commercial supply for tripenitide of approximately $8 million, tthey cost of which are classified as R&D expenses prior to approval.  GAAP -- SG&A expenses decreased to $78.1 million in tthey third quarter from $81.7 million in tthey third quarter of last year. On a year-to-date comparison to 2021, net sales were up 8% and SG&A expenses were down 9% as we continue to optimize our commercial PDP spend. R&D expenses were higtheyr than 2021, primarily due to tthey $60 million upfront for tthey collaboration, $10 million milestone and approximately $18 million of tripinotide commercial supply build. And finally, we ended tthey quarter with a cash balance of $436.6 million, essentially unchanged from tthey $436.4 million cash balance at tthey end of tthey last quarter.  Our balance ttheyyet remains strong, and we continue to be confident in our ability to generate sustainable growth with our existing cash resources subject to tthey size and scope of future business develop. Before I give an update on guidance, let's address tthey newly passed Inflation Reduction Act on Slide 19.  As a reminder, tthey IRA is focused on Medicare beneficiaries and NUPLAZID has a payer mix that includes approximately 75% Medicare patients. wtheyreas we expect to unitize payer mix to have a Medicare population less than 10%. We have assessed various aspects of tthey legislation, including potential implications of tthey inflation-adjusted pricing mechanism as well as tthey Medicare Part D redesign, inclusive of a small manufacturer phasing.  All in all, while ttheyre are several puts and takes from year-to-year, we expect tthey overall financial impact on ACADIA to be relatively modest for tthey remainder of tthey decade. Inflation Reduction Act did have an impact on our most recent pricing action from August 2022. Earlier in tthey summer, we initiated tthey process to implement tthey 9.4% price increase on NUPLAZID, which we completed in late August. As a result of tthey IRA, which went into effect during ttheir time, we will realize a net pricing benefit of approximately 3% from ttheir latest pricing action. Tthey 3% net price benefit will last through tthey end of tthey third quarter 2023, after which it will be reassessed against an updated inflation-adjusted price as of October 1, 2023. Tthey approximate 6% difference between tthey nominal and net price change from our August pricing action will result in an additional Medicare rebate, which will be accounted for as an increase to our gross to net investment.  Let's move on to our financial guidance on Slide 20. Regarding net sales guidance for ttheir year, we are now guiding for a range of $510 million to $520 million. Tthey midpoint of tthey range assumes that we continue to have similar demand for NUPLAZID for tthey remainder of 2022. In addition, it reflects tthey inventory drawdown we experienced ttheir quarter and tthey 2022 impact of tthey inflation reduction. We have increased our gross to net guidance to a range of 21% to 22% for fiscal year 2022 to account for additional Medicare rebates associated with tthey Inflation Reduction Act.  In addition, we are tightening our expense ranges, but tthey midpoint to remain unchanged. We are also tightening our expected year-end cash balance raising tthey bottom of tthey range by $15 million.  And now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Steve for closing remarks. Steptheyn Davis Great. Thanks so much, Mark. Please turn to Slide 22. Today, we are executing on our promise to deliver NUPLAZID to patients with PDP with a focus on long-term growth and maximizing tthey value of tthey franctheire. In addition, we are preparing for our second commercial product launch, which Vinita. We're advancing our Phase III program for tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia and developing several additional programs, including ACP-204, and while pursuing attractive business development opportunities. With a strong balance ttheyyet and a focus on top and bottom line growth, we are well positioned to create sustainable long-term value.  As always, I would like to thank our employees for ttheyir accomplishments and ttheyir ongoing commitment and passion as we continue our mission to elevate mining. Before moving to Q&A, I'd like to mention that ACADIA has recently appointed Dr. Adora Indo to its Board of Directors. Adora is a biopharma executive with significant regulatory and clinical experience. Combined with our extensive background in rare disease for a skill set nicely complements those of our current board membership and will be a real asset to us as we furttheyr commercialize and expand our pipeline.  And finally, as you may have seen in our announcement last week, Srdjan, our President, will be retiring at tthey end of tthey year. Over tthey past 7 years, Srdjan has been a great partner as we have fundamentally transformed ACADIA into what it is today, a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company with proven capabilities and an exciting portfolio of late and early-stage programs in CNS and rare disease. Personally, it's been a great pleasure to work alongside Srdjan, and I hope you will join me in thanking them for their distinguittheyyd service to ACADIA, tthey scientific community, and most importantly, to patients and ttheyir families. Going forward, Srdjan will transition to an advisory role and will continue to benefit from their team insights and vast experience.  I'll now open up tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Charles Duncan from Cantor Fitzgerald. Charles Duncan Appreciate all tthey detail, particularly on pimavanserin or NUPLAZID, but I'll limit my one question to a multipart question on Rett and trofinetide. I guess I'm wondering with tthey PDUFA date, do you anticipate that manufacturing inspections are yet to be done? Or have ttheyy been done? And ttheyn secondarily, I think Kathie mentioned additional data from was submitted. Was that submitted before or was it submitted with tthey package? Or was it submitted after tthey package? And ttheyn finally, with regard to tthey PRV and you may not be able to answer ttheir right now, but would you anticipate using that internally or monetizing that? Steptheyn Davis Thanks so much, Charles. Let me take tthey first one and tthey third one, and ttheyn I'll ask Kathie to respond to tthey middle question. Actually, just starting with tthey third, it's just premature for us to say what we would do with tthey pediatric review vouctheyr. I think in terms of your question regarding tthey manufacturing inspections. As we've said previously, our policy is just not to comment on day-to-day interactions or back and forth during a review period. What I will say though is from all indicators that we have, tthey review appears to be exactly on track and we're eager to get to tthey PDUFA date. Kathie Bishop And Charles, I'll just clarify for your second question regarding tthey interim data from tthey long-term extension studies as well as from tthey study in tthey younger girls aged 2 to 4. That interim data was submitted as part of tthey NDA -- tthey original NDA filing. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Neena Bitritto-Garg from Citi. Neena Bitritto-Garg I just want to ask about NUPLAZID. And if you can comment on tthey proportion of sales now coming from tthey long-term care channel. I know you've said theirtorically, it's been about 25% if that's changed at all? And ttheyn what do you think it will take to get patients coming back into tthey in-office channel and why you think admission rates are going up in LTC, but in-office visits are still lagging? . Steptheyn Davis Thanks much for tthey question. Brendan, do you want to address that? Brendan Teehan Sure. Hi, thanks for tthey question. I'm encouraged by what we're seeing in tthey long-term care channel. And I should say that we've had an increase in prescription growth quarter-over-quarter, and it is an indication of early signs of improvement. We think that's driven by occupancy rates that have gradually increased over tthey last several quarters. But for us, tthey most important element of that are tthey new residents that are showing up. And I think that's a really important contrast to tthey in-office channel.  Wtheyn a new resident shows up, ttheyre's a clinical evaluation that takes place, that's an ideal time for tthey identification of Parkinson's disease psychosis symptoms and a great chance for a start on NUPLAZID. We've seen quarter-over-quarter that NUPLAZID's growth rate is outpacing carbidopa-levodopa. It's also outpacing tthey top 15 neuro brands -- tthey top 15 LTC brands in tthey space. which gives us a sense that both tthey clinical proposition of NUPLAZID and that market dynamic is working to our advantage.  Tthey difference in tthey in-office channel is that ttheyre was a decline in tthey number of PD patients with in-office visits at tthey beginning of tthey pandemic. I think what is encouraging is that we've seen that stabilize. So it's at a lower -- it's at a lower level, but it hasn't continued to decline. I'm encouraged on 2 levels ttheyre. One, ttheyre is an incidence rate for Parkinson's disease, and we would fully expect patients to begin -- to return more readily to tthey office.  And secondarily, in ttheir marketplace, we are going to continue to compete for first-line use. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, with tthey real-world evidence that we have available to us that furttheyr differentiates NUPLAZID from ottheyr off-label atypical antipsychotics in a way that we don't think clinicians have seen previously. So you'll see our focus is on share gain and looking for more first-line use of NUPLAZID in that setting. And yes, I'm sorry, I can also confirm that LTC is still roughly about 25% of our overall bottlenecks. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ritu Baral from Cowen. Ritu Baral And Srdjan, wishing you all tthey best in your next stage. It's been great working with you for 10 years -- almost 10 years now from ttheir side. I guess tthey question is for you and Steve. And Steve, I know you won't comment on day-to-day interactions with tthey agency, but just given tthey next-to-last review cycle that you guys had with tthey different division, but with DRP, I guess, investors that I'm speaking to just want some level of comfort that ttheir review cycle is going differently than tthey original DRP wtheyre you had pretty much no communications during that period.  I guess, can you give us any color or compare and contrast on things like mid-cycle review meetings or any request for information that may have come and passed and just something to show us that tthey track is different from what has happened with neuropsych in tthey past. Steptheyn Davis Yes. Yes. No, thanks for tthey question. I think 2 things I can -- I'll give as much color as I can and 2 things I can point out. One is ttheir is an NDA. And of course, with DRP/ADP, it was an sNDA. And so with tthey sNDA, you just don't have as much structured milestones. And so it's a little bit looser. And so an advantage, of course, is going through tthey NDA process in comparison because you do have more structured milestones. And we -- and as I mentioned earlier, it appears from all, given we can see, that tthey FDA is right on track.  Tthey second thing I'll mention is also within sNDA because you don't have many structured milestones, sometimes you just don't have as much dialogue and communication during tthey review cycle. And we didn't have very much with that application. We have had tthey appropriate level of communication, it's significantly more than we had with tthey last application, but we've continued to have a very productive and appropriate dialogue throughout tthey review. Ritu Baral Got it. That's very theylpful. I'm going to squeak one last question in. For Srdjan, you mentioned 204. Can you give us some sort of update on timing for wtheyn you may announce additional -- formally announced additional indications for 204 and wtheyn those ttheyse 2 might start? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Thank you, Ritu. First, thank you for your kind words. And I just want to say that it's equally it was my pleasure to work you and to work with ttheir broader group. You guys always have a very thoughtful and thought-provoking questions and -- it's been really a great pleasure to periodically update you on tthey progress of our program. So I will -- that's tthey part that I will miss among many things as a slowdown in tthey future period.  In regard to HCP-204, it's a little bit premature for us to talk about indications. As I said, ttheyre is a number of potential indications. Very high on tthey list is Alztheyimer's disease psychosis as you can imagine, ttheyre is a little bit of work for us to complete in tthey Phase I. Tthey good news is that based on tthey work we already completed, we -- ttheyre is an opportunity for us to look to a higtheyr exposure, ranges than our target doses that based on our preclinical data we assigned and targeted. So that's a great news. And in tthey neuropsychiatric indications, as you know, it's always good to define a broader range. We have not yet defined minimum tolerated dose. So it's a great opportunity for us to expand that range, and we would like to take a little bit of more time to complete that work. And following that, wtheyn we complete that, we will more open to discuss potential indications and tthey development plan that we are thinking about. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Daniel on for Tazeen. We just had a quick question on 204 and tthey opportunity for ADP. We're just wondering what you're thinking about in terms of tthey competitive landscape on tthey line with M1 and M4 also moving into that space. And maybe any comments on how tthey different mechanisms of action might play into that indication. Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks much for tthey question. I think I'd like to draw a distinction between kind of tthey ad deal profile for an antipsychotic drug to treat schizophrenia and an antipsychotic drug to treat much more or elderly population like Parkinson's disease psychosis or Alztheyimer's disease psychosis. What we have with drugs to treat, schizophrenia patients is drugs -- antiseptics that have a lot of baggage. Ttheyy're very suboptimal drugs. Ttheyy have high side effect burden, but ttheyy're used in those populations because medical is so significant. And -- and so -- and we don't have better alternatives yet. . And that's 1 of tthey reasons that those drugs are not approved for use in Alztheyimer's disease psychosis patients or Parkinson's disease psychosis -- or for that matter, in dementia-related psychosis. Wtheyn you get to ttheyse more frail and elderly patients, you need to have, obviously, a drug that works. You need to have a strong antipsychotic effect, but it is equally important to have a drug that is very, very safe and extremely well tolerated. Because tthey bar for tolerability issues is just a lot higtheyr. And so I think we have a -- I'm very excited about some of tthey very exciting work going on in tthey muscarinic area. I'm hopeful that it will lead to improved antipsychotics.  And I think tthey area wtheyre ttheyre's tthey greatest opportunity is in schizophrenia. We'll have to see how tthey profile of those kinds of drugs emerges and evolves to assess how well positioned ttheyy'll be and tthey more elderly pro populations. One thing we know about pimavanserin and tthey profile and tthey areas that we're working in with 204 by implication is that ttheir mechanism that we're working through in serotonin is very well tolerated. It's a very different profile than what we typically see with antipsychotic drugs today. So again, I think tthey key element ttheyre will be not only efficacy but also safety and tolerability. And I'll ask Serge as anything else you'd like to contribute. Srdjan Stankovic Yes. I second everything Steve said. I would just add one ottheyr element, and that is we have, on our side, quite a bit of experience with ttheir mechanism in ttheir patient population. And we intend to use that experience and knowledge to our competitive advantage as we are designing tthey trials and moving through development of HCP204. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Jeff Hung from Morgan Stanley. Jeff Hung And sir, my congratulations too on your upcoming retirement. Can you just talk about what drove tthey reduction of tthey in-channel inventory? And is ttheir something that might happen again in 4Q? Or should we expect inventory to go back to prior levels? I appreciate any color you can provide? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks, Mitch, for tthey question, Jeff. Mark, do you want to take that? Mark Schneyer Sure. Thanks for tthey question. As we speak to our channel partners, I think ttheyre are a number of factors influenced in tthey overall reduction in inventory levels. First, ttheyrefore needs to become more predictable as NUPLAZID volumes remain in tthey stable to moderate growth period. Tthey cost of capital has also increased due to recent increases in interest rates and continued inflationary pressures. And third, kind of with tthey IRA, future price increases may become more predictable for our partners for Medicare-related drugs, and ttheir could influence tthey timing of ttheyir inventory purchase decisions. Going forward, inventory always fluctuates from quarter-to-quarter, and over tthey long term, we expect our sell-in to match demand with respect to new channel inventory purchases. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Marc Goodman from SVB Leerink. Marc Goodman With respect to SG&A, can you just give us a sense of what is going on. It appears that you were taking down some spending, and ttheyn it's kind of pop back again ttheir next quarter given your guidance. And so just give us a sense of what you're doing out ttheyre with NUPLAZID? And are you doing any more DTC? Are ttheyre plans for that? How should we think about SG&A into next year? Just give us a sense of tthey ebbs and flows because it looks very strange. Steptheyn Davis Mark, do you want to take that? Mark Schneyer No problem. Thanks for tthey question. I think as we look kind of over tthey course of tthey year, we have reduced our SG&A spend principally by a reduction in selling and marketing expense. We've not run a DTC campaign ttheir year. We'll look to that in tthey future as we potentially see that being a positive ROI investment. But to date, we haven't done that, and we'll keep you informed if we change our mind as we move forward.  Quarter-to-quarter, it does fluctuate. Ttheyre's some seasonality to some of our expenses. So that's what you're seeing. We continue to just be in line for our year expectation for total SG&A spend, which is why we just reduced tthey range of our guidance and kept it at tthey midpoint. And from wtheyre we go next year, clearly, we'll give guidance wtheyn we do our fourth quarter earnings call for next year. What we mentioned kind of during tthey second quarter call, it just holds true today that we expect our overall net SG&A spend to be approximately tthey same next year as it is ttheir year as we will use -- as we'll certainly have a budget to ensure a successful launch for trofinetide while also just continuing to optimize tthey efficient with our spend on PDP. Marc Goodman Will R&D also be flattish for next year? Or do you think that will be a step up. Mark Schneyer So I think, again, I'd just share what we did last quarter. And R&D is a little bit different just because of tthey impact of business development payments. So if you take that out, which can fluctuate from year-to-year. And as a reminder, kind of within kind of year-to-date expenses for R&D for about almost that $80 million of PD payments, tthey largest of which is still upfront payment of $60 million. So taking that aside, we do have an expectation just with kind of tthey ongoing kind of new and continuing programs that are spend based upon tthey portfolio that we have today will reduce approximately $35 million in R&D spend next year. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Paul Matteis from Stifel. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is James on for Paul. Maybe just a quick one on ACP-204. I guess given your experience with pimavanserin and kind of anything you've learned in your interactions with tthey FDA as it relates to ADP, I guess, how are you thinking about clinical development going forward? Of course, you're in Phase I now. But I guess as you think about future trials, have you kind of thought about or gotten any sort of, I guess, guidance on a kind of design and path forward that would be most productive for, I guess, kind of a rapid development path in ADP. Any color ttheyre would be great. Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks so much. Let me -- I'll open tthey average up a little bit and ttheyn try to focus down on your precise question. With ACP-204, I think we'll have multiple indications that we will want to consider in development once we exit Phase 1. Tthey top of tthey list, just to be absolutely clear, is as you alluded to, is ADP. We know today that pimavanserin will only be approved in Parkinson's disease psychosis and possibly negative symptoms of schizophrenia and ttheyn possibly autism wtheyre we're running pediatric studies now. It leaves a lot of indications wtheyre NUPLAZID will not be approved. And that's 1 consideration, not tthey only, but certainly one consideration in terms of wtheyre we want to go with 204.  So as it relates to ADP, we know a lot about ttheir mechanism. We know a lot about tthey ctheymical space we're operating in. That gives us a reduced risk profile as we move forward. And that gives us tthey potential for moving more aggressively through tthey space. We also know a lot about ADP. We have a really good feel for how patients respond to antipsychotic treatment, et cetera. So I think all those things togettheyr put us in a position wtheyre we, as I mentioned, have prioritized ADP as our first indication to pursue to put us in a position wtheyre we think we can lock move very aggressively in that indication. Srdjan, anything else you want to add? Srdjan Stankovic Just a little bit of additional color our experience in conducting trials in ttheir patient population and working with tthey sites worldwide, also provide us with valuable experience and lessons in terms of selecting tthey right patients and selecting tthey right sites for ttheyse trials, not only from a perspective of tthey speed of recruitment but also quality, all patients and quality of data that we can generate. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Jay Olson from Oppentheyimer. Jay Olson I want to add my congrats to Serge and all tthey best to you for your retirement. Based on tthey preclinical profile of ACP-204, can you talk about your expectations for tthey potential clinical advantages of 204 that could be demonstrated wtheyn compared to pimavanserin and how you plan to leverage those advantages. Steptheyn Davis Yes, Serge, do you want to go atheyad? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Thanks, Jay. Thanks for tthey good wittheyys. What I would say is that tthey principal advantage that we are seeing with ACP-204 is in a favorable tolerability profile that so far, we have been seeing through tthey clinical development. And that's important on several levels. One, QT liability and potential to eliminate tthey mild signal that we have with pimavanserin provides us with tthey opportunity to expand those range that we can evaluate and by that potential to actually evaluate a better efficacy and identify tthey more efficacious doses, which we had certain limitations with pimavanserin. In addition, overall to, as I said, overall tolerability provides us with a good opportunity to evaluate efficacy in tthey context with Steve earlier mentioned, and that is tthey safety, which is very important for ttheir patient population . Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Salveen Richter Just wanted to get a sense of how you're thinking about tthey trajectory for PDP in 2023 and beyond, just given tthey channel dynamics that you've noted? . Steptheyn Davis Thanks much for tthey question, Salveen. Brendan, do you want to take that? Brendan Teehan Sure. Thanks, Salveen. Ttheyre's tthey current environment in which we operate and ttheyn tthey future environment that we envision. So for me, I think we're seeing tthey early indicators of improvement in long-term care. If those continue, I like tthey trajectory we're seeing for NUPLAZID both in terms of market itself and our individual performance. As I said in my prepared remarks, our quarter-over-quarter growth has outpaced carbidopa-levodopa and tthey top 15 LTC brands that gives me confidence both that we have a favorable market environment but also that we have tthey right message that we're delivering to clinicians ttheyre.  Similarly, in tthey inpatient community setting, I think what we see is stability. And my hope is, pending continuing improvement in tthey environment around us, that PDP patients will begin returning to tthey in-office setting. Regardless of that, you see tthey way we're approaching tthey business on tthey community side, which is leveraging real-world evidence to go after share in tthey first-line setting. So for us, I think you should expect to see a posture of putting material in front of ttheyse physicians that have tthey deepest pools of patients and demonstrating tthey real-world outcome differences that should suggest a higtheyr use of NUPLAZID in tthey first-line setting. So for us, I think in tthey community, you'll see us more and more competing for share in tthey community. Steptheyn Davis Brendan, do you want to just remind everyone what tthey real-world evidence publications are that you're referring to and kind of tthey timing of those. Brendan Teehan Sure. Thanks for tthey question. So tthey important differences that are being brought to light, ttheyse are, I would call ttheir an emerging body of evidence that supports tthey use of NUPLAZID versus off-label multi-receptor antipsychotics. We've had our first opportunity in tthey middle of tthey third quarter to share information that is looking at all-cause hospitalizations ER visits, spike visits and nursing home stays, all of which are demonstrating significant advantages for NUPLAZID versus all ottheyr atypical antipsychotics.  That's attractive on 2 levels. It's attractive clinically because, obviously, you're looking to make tthey best decision for residents in a long-term care facility. It's also attractive from tthey economics of avoiding rehospitalization for which facilities are looking for appropriate reimbursement. So I think that, that information is resonating. Again, we're very early on in tthey discussions of that data, didn't really start until tthey middle of tthey third quarter.  Tthey second data set also very compelling. We started sharing early in tthey fourth quarter and that's a recent publication in tthey American Journal of Psychiatry. It's important because neurologists don't generally get tthey American Journal of Psychiatry. So it's not data that ttheyy would necessarily have seen on ttheyir own. It's a retrospective Medicare claims analysis that compares tthey risk of all-cause mortality associated with NUPLAZID versus all ottheyr atypical antipsychotics used off-label in patients with Parkinson's disease psychosis. Tthey important -- and importantly, ttheyre's a large subset that are receiving low-dose quetiapine, just principally tthey ttheyrapy that might ottheyrwise be used instead of NUPLAZID. Tthey authors conclude that pimavanterin was associated with an approximately 23% lower mortality than tthey ottheyr atypical antipsychotics over 360 days.  For us, that is very compelling information, very informative to HCPs as ttheyy make decisions about how to treat ttheyir patients and residents. Again, we're very early on into tthey dissemination of that data, but we are encouraged by tthey community's response to it. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Yatin Suneja from Guggentheyim Partners. Yatin Suneja I have a couple on Rett, given that I think it's going to be a focus next year. So can you maybe frame for us how should we think about a ramp or a launch ttheyre? We understand ttheyre are about 4,000 or 4,500 patients diagnosed. How many you might have a line of sight on? How should we think about tthey label and tthey pricing? I understand early, but maybe give us some comp to think about. Steptheyn Davis Sure. I'll start, and ttheyn I'll ask Brendan to touch on it as well. So I think as we think about kind of tthey shape of tthey curve on launch in Rett syndrome, our anticipation is, it will be a linear type of progression. Sometimes in rare disease, you have expanded access programs wtheyre you have a large bolus of patients that suddenly convert to commercial pay patients. I think, for very good reason, we did not do that theyre. And so as we get tthey drug approved and launctheyd, it does take a little bit of time to get on formularies. It does take a little bit of time to work through tthey access process.  Of course, a lot of tthey early scripts will be based on letters of medical necessity, but it does take a little bit of time to get everything in place so that you begin ramping up. So for all those reasons, we anticipate a very attractive but linear shaped curve in tthey early days and quarters of tthey launch. I think -- as we move beyond that, we do have a fairly sizable prevalent population and ttheyn an incident population beyond that, that will continue to provide attractive growth opportunities as we go forward. We ttheyn turn it over to you and let you address tthey ottheyr part of tthey question. Mark Schneyer Sure. Thanks, Steve, and thank you for tthey question. As I said in my prepared remarks, and I think what's been very encouraging to us is we've been able already to map that HCP target universe and tthey database, as Kathie also alluded to, of patients that we know are already being treated and wtheyre ttheyy're being treated. So we have that as an advantage to know wtheyre to be at tthey time of launch at ttheyse IRS centers of excellence. Anottheyr big number of patients that are treated at non-COE academic institutions, and we know some of tthey targeted neurology practices wtheyre ttheyse patients will be treated.  To Steve's point, tthey feedback from payers has been that ttheyy treat rare diseases, largely similarly, and ttheyir feedback to us does suggest that ttheyy will go through ttheyir normal processes with trifenetide. So I think Steve is absolutely right wtheyn it comes to sort of a normal early trajectory you'd expect in a drug like that in a rare disease setting.  As you mentioned, I would say it's premature for us to discuss price, but I think you know how ACADIA has viewed price in tthey past. We match price with tthey value we think tthey product is imparting. And we absolutely want to make sure we ensure access to tthey trofinetide community. I would view trofinetide as having unequivocal efficacy and a tolerability profile that is very well received. We know we're treating tthey core symptoms of a devastating disease, and we know that we're looking to make meaningful difference in tthey lives of patients and ttheyir families. As a function of that, I would expect that we'll price tthey product in tthey range of ottheyr rare pediatric disease products to give you just some sense of direction. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ronald Brill from Raymond James. Alex Nackenoff Ttheir is Alex on for Ronald. Forgive me for asking tthey same question basically two quarters in a row. But I know you mentioned you presented LAVENDER and Daffodil at some medical conferences. Did those presentations include tthey open-label LILAC studies? And if not, wtheyn do you expect to present those data? Steptheyn Davis Kathie, you want to take that? Kathie Bishop Yes. So for tthey first self-enable study, LILAC-1 will be completing that study near tthey end of ttheir year. As I mentioned, we submitted an interim data cut as part of tthey NDA, but tthey study completion is at tthey end of ttheir year. And ttheyn we anticipate submitting that for presentation at medical process, most likely in tthey spring. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Sumant Kulkarni from Canaccord Genuity. Sumant Kulkarni And I'll add my best wittheyys to Serge on their upcoming retirement. So on tthey Parkinson's disease market, do you think ACADIA is optimally resourced to capitalize on a potential return to normal or tthey issue outside of tthey company's control and has tthey pandemic simply amplified a larger issue related to a positive innovation or excitement in terms of ottheyr novel products for Parkinson's that's driving fewer office visits, for example. Steptheyn Davis Brendan, do you want to take that? Brendan Teehan Yes, sure. Thanks for tthey question. I think what we've seen is and has somewhat continued to be temporal, but tthey early indications that we're seeing in tthey long-term care channel have been favorable. And ttheyy are demonstrating a differential preference for NUPLAZID over a competitive set. So for me, I find that very encouraging. Wtheyn I look at tthey real-world evidence that is now available to us, that really hasn't existed for tthey treating community to have previously pimavanserin was approved versus placebo in a placebo-controlled study. Ttheyre are clinicians out ttheyre that think that it is every bit as logical to use some of ttheyse off-label atypical antipsychotics because ttheyy really haven't seen any contrast between those 2 ttheyrapies.  Now I think we have a growing body of evidence that states that ttheyre really is a meaningful real-world difference, and I am enthusiastic about our opportunities moving forward in tthey quarters atheyad. Again, it's early on, but with our market share at or around 20% on ttheyre's plenty of room for us to continue to grow tthey brand and I think a nice scientific platform that provides that differentiation for us. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Gregory Renza from RBC. Gregory Renza Steve, also let me add my well wittheyys to search as well. Just a quick one on business development. Steve, I was wondering if you could update us on any of tthey latest catalyzing or even gating factors to accelerating those external investments and efforts? And just curious, if at all IRA and inflation reduction has an input to you on how you're thinking about tthey evolving pipeline and looking externally. Steptheyn Davis Yes, thanks, Mitch, for tthey question, Greg. Look, as we indicated earlier, we've been successful in business development. Trefinitide is a great example of that. But we've had an enormous competitor for tthey last 5 to 7 years. We and everyone else, and that is tthey capital markets. And I think as tthey capital markets have turned to be less supportive and stable. That does -- that will have a read-through on business development. We've seen ttheir in prior cycles like ttheir. But it usually takes a while. It usually takes 3 or 4 quarters for it to kind of realize tthey whole impact of that.  So we don't -- as we indicated, we don't need to raise capital. So we -- in some respects, tthey capital markets becoming less of a competitor and business development is really -- net-net, it's just a positive for us. And so I think we are beginning to see across tthey business development landscape achieve some companies just having a harder confidence in ttheyir business, particularly those who don't have a strong balance ttheyyet and don't have revenues and cash flow and need to finance ttheyir business from all 3. And so as a consequence, I think if tthey capital markets stay choppy for tthey foreseeable future, ttheyn I think tthey pressure on ttheyse companies to get more aggressive on business development, which is grow and grow. And I think we're very well positioned to be beneficial of that.  So as we look forward to our footprints in both psychiatry, neurology, rare disease and broad applications, we think ttheyre's a growingly attractive opportunity, more and more attractive opportunity to leverage those capabilities through BD. Operator And Greg, was ttheyre at your question, I'm sorry, tthey I think ttheyre was a part two to your question, Greg. I'm trying to recall what it was. Gregory Renza If wtheyttheyr tthey Inflation Reduction Act will impact... Steptheyn Davis Thanks. Yes, Greg made tthey point. Look, I think tthey answer is it's going to have a pretty significant impact on our industry, I think, over time. And so from a -- I think we begin to see some evidence of that just in tthey last week or so, right? And so I think over time, people will be much more conscious of modality, small molecules versus large molecules, and ttheyy'll be more sensitive to payer mix. And so I think it will have an impact on our industry, and ttheyrefore, it will also have an impact on business development assessments. Operator Thank you. I am sorry that we are out of time. Mr. Davis, please proceed to closing remarks. Steptheyn Davis Great. Thanks much, operator. Well, thanks so much for all of you for listening, and we look forward to updating you next quarter. . Operator Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. Ttheir concludes tthey presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.