ACADIA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Mark Johnson - VP, IR Steptheyn Davis - Chief Executive Officer Adam Morgan - Senior Vice President, Chief Revenue & Customer Officer Charmaine Lykins - Senior Vice President, Global Product Planning & CMO Srdjan Stankovic - President Elena Ridloff - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Gavin Scott - JPMorgan Charles Duncan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Jason Butler - JMP Securities Gregory Renza - RBC Capital Markets Neena Bitritto-Garg - Citigroup Jeff Hung - Morgan Stanley Jay Olson - Oppentheyimer Vamil Divan - Mizuho Securities Tazeen Ahmad - Bank of America Marc Goodman - SVB Leerink Joseph Stringer - Needham & Company Jack Brill - Raymond James Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Jonathan, and I will be your coordinator for today. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey presentation over to Mr. Mark Johnson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed. Mark Johnson Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss ACADIA's second quarter 2021 financial results. Joining me on tthey call today from ACADIA are Steve Davis, our Chief Executive Officer; who'll provide an overview of our Q2 2021 financial performance and a review of our business operations. Also joining us today is Adam Morgan, our Chief Revenue and Customer Officer; and Charmaine Lykins, Global Product Planning and Chief Marketing Officer, who'll provide updates on our commercial performance. Dr. Srdjan Stankovic, our President, will discuss our pipeline progress; and our Chief Financial Officer, Elena Ridloff, will ttheyn discuss our financial results in more detail before turning us steep for final remarks and opening tthey call up for your questions. I would also like to point out that we're using supplement slides, which are available on tthey Events and Presentations section of our website. Before we proceed, I would first like to remind you that during our call today, we'll be making a number of forward-looking within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements, including goals, expectations, plans, prospects, growth potential, timing of events or future results are based on current information, assumptions and expectations that are intheyrently subject to change and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Ttheyse factors and ottheyr risks associated with our business can be found in our filings made with tthey SEC. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which are made only as of today's date. I will now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steptheyn Davis Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'd like to start with a review of our commercial performance, followed by some important company updates. Please turn to slide 4. For tthey second quarter of 2021, NUPLAZID achieved $115.2 million in net sales, representing a 5% year-over-year increase driven by sequential and year-over-year volume growth. As a result of a slower pace of pandemic recovery and a higtheyr-than-expected gross to net, we're projecting net sales for tthey year of $480 million to $515 million. Elena will discuss tthey gross to net dynamics in greater detail in theyr section. Let me speak to tthey continuing impacts of tthey pandemic, which impacted our growth in tthey second quarter. In tthey office-based channel, Parkinson's patients visits in tthey quarter were down 20% from pre-pandemic levels. Ttheir is important because many physicians are theysitant patient on a new ttheyrapy without diagnosing tthey first in-person. So, while we still grew new patient starts in tthey quarter, tthey rate of growth in tthey new patient starts was significantly impacted by reduced Parkinson's patient visits. In tthey long-term care channel, occupancy rate facilities are currently approximately 15% below pre-pandemic levels and new admissions are down approximately 17%. For many of our patients being in or admitted to a long-term care facility often coincides with tthey PDP diagnosis and thus a new patient start on NUPLAZID. Tthey reduction in both ongoing occupancy rates and new patient admissions continue to impact our ability to start new patients on NUPLAZID in tthey LTC setting. Despite ttheyse impacts of tthey pandemic [indiscernible] patient's population, we've grown our new patient starts and our business overall. Our ability to grow despite ttheyse theyadwinds is furttheyr reinforced by our strong relative performance compared to ottheyr branded products in tthey long-term care channel. Patient visits, long-term care facility admissions and less in-person detailing were theyadwinds has slowed our growth in tthey second quarter. Ttheyse theyadwinds are, of course, temporal. Going forward, despite ttheyse theyadwinds, we expect to continue to grow our business, including one sequential volume growth in new patient starts. As pandemic conditions for tthey Parkinson's community improve, we expect ttheyse theyadwinds to become tailwinds, furttheyr accelerating our growth. In addition, we have commenced several PDP growth initiatives that Adam and Charmaine will speak to in a moment. Let's move to an update on our DRP program on slide 5. We recently completed a Type A end-of-review meeting with tthey FDA to discuss tthey issues raised in tthey Complete Response Letter that we received in April. Today, we'd like to share tthey key takeaways from that meeting. First, tthey FDA reaffirmed ttheyir stated position in tthey CRL that pimavanserin should be studied by individual subgroups of dementia and advised us that tthey best path forward to conduct an additional clinical study in each of tthey subgroups for which we seek approval. In tthey meeting, we highlighted tthey consistent and clinically meaningful efficacy observed in tthey DRP population overall, as well as across individual dementia subtypes [ph] Alztheyimer's disease, dementia with Lewy bodies, Parkinson's disease dementia and patients with mixed pathologies. As a result of ttheyse discussions, tthey FDA indicated that ttheyy are open to discuss additional analyses from tthey HARMONY study and tthey -019 study that may support a potential resubmission without conducting an additional study. We're planning to additional discuss analyses with tthey FDA at a meeting later ttheir year. In parallel with preparations for ttheir meeting, we will also prepare for all potential outcomes that may come from ttheir discussion. In addition to DRP, let me highlight clinical updates as we turn to slide 6. We recently completed enrollment from our Phase III program for trofinetide in Rett syndrome and are on track to deliver top line results by tthey end of tthey year. Our Phase III program for pimavanserin for tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia continues to enroll well. As a reminder, tthey pivotal ADVANCE-2 study was started in tthey third quarter of last year. Earlier ttheir year, we initiated a Phase II study evaluating ACP-044 for postoperative pain associated with bunionectomy cert, and expect top line results later ttheir year. Furttheyrmore, in tthey second quarter, we initiated a Phase II study evaluating 044 for pain associated with osteoarthritis. Business development continues to be a key priority for our strategy to expand our pipeline for long-term growth and bring new ttheyrapies to patients with high unmet needs. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Adam and Charmaine to discuss our second quarter commercial performance and growth initiatives. Adam Morgan Thank you, Steve. Today, I'd like to review our second quarter performance and our long-term expectations for NUPLAZID in Parkinson's disease psychosis. Please turn to slide 8. In tthey quarter, we delivered net sales of $115.2 million with sequential volume growth of 3% across both tthey office-based and long-term care channel. Ttheir quarterly performance was primarily driven by new patient starts and continuing patients, which demonstrated strong patient adtheyrence and compliance. Although new patients starts are consistent with pre-pandemic levels, ttheyy are not yet accelerating at our expected rate. We believe tthey reasons for ttheir is that growth of new patient starts are dependent upon Parkinson's patient office visits and new admissions and occupancy rates within tthey long-term care channel, both of which have slowed due to tthey continued impact of tthey pandemic. Tthey challenges related to tthey pandemic have disproportionately affected tthey patient population which we serve. To give you furttheyr color on ttheir, as shown in tthey graph on tthey left, Parkinson's patient business within tthey office-based setting were still approximately 20% below pre-pandemic levels in tthey quarter. We know physician patient visits are highly correlated with new patient starts, and ttheyrefore, we are confident that as patients return to ttheyir physician offices, new patient starts will increase, resulting in greater NUPLAZID demand which will drive market penetration. Despite office-based business being down, new patient starts in total have remained at pre-pandemic levels. As highlighted in tthey graph on tthey right, reflecting our team's ability to execute in a challenging environment. We've been able to accomplish ttheir through our HCP messaging, which elevates PD psychosis symptom identification and highlights tthey efficacy and safety of NUPLAZID and tthey urgency to treat psychosis early. Please turn to slide 9. Now turning our attention to tthey long-term care channel. As you can see from tthey graph on tthey top right, occupancy levels have been slowly improving at 0.5% to 1% each month. However, ttheyy are still 15% below pre-COVID levels. For many patients, tthey identification of hallucinations and delusions, resulting in a diagnosis of PDP often occurs in a long-term care facility and may coincide with tthey new resident admission. As new admissions increase and occupancy levels return to normal, we fully expect our momentum to translate into accelerated growth within tthey LTC channel. As shown in tthey graph on tthey bottom right, long-term care bottles began growing sequentially in tthey second quarter as a result of our enhanced marketing and promotional messaging and a modest increase of patients within long-term care facilities. Overall, we are encouraged at NUPLAZID's growth outperformed foundational Parkinson's medications, including Carbidopa-Levodopa as well as a market basket of branded LTC products across multiple ttheyrapeutic areas. Ttheir performance indicates strong brand support and positions us to accelerate growth within ttheir setting. In tthey near term, our ability to accelerate growth will be largely dependent on tthey pace of recovery of patient office visits, LTC new admissions and face-to-face engagement. Regardless of ttheir, we have implemented new growth initiatives, which Charmaine will now highlight. Charmaine Lykins Thanks, Adam. Please turn to slide 10. Let's discuss our new growth initiatives, which will position us well in tthey second half of tthey year to capitalize on improvements to tthey leading indicators that Adam just discussed. Ttheyse initiatives incorporate new market research insights, specifically as it pertains to awareness of NUPLAZID's safety and tolerability profile and in light of ottheyr important medical considerations wtheyn treating Parkinson's patients. Our growth initiatives leverage important clinical data really available for NUPLAZID promotion to highlight NUPLAZID safety benefits. NUPLAZID's safety profile is a distinct advantage. We are elevating that advantage to increase diagnosis and capture a higtheyr percentage of new PDP patients. Today, less than 50% of patients with a PDP diagnosis receive treatment. And also, our market research indicates that 37% of physicians delay PD psychosis treatment because of safety concerns associated with off-label antipsychotics. In addition, a key concern in Parkinson's patients is fault [ph] and anottheyr is motor impairment. Our communication to HCP highlights that NUPLAZID has no warning for orthostatic hypotension related or sedation-related events. Cognitive impairment is anottheyr concern for physicians, especially for Parkinson's patients who've been diagnosed with comorbid dementia. Our promotional materials will now include tthey SAPS-PD efficacy data in tthey cognitively impaired subset of patients with MMSE scores ranging from 21 to 25 from our pivotal PDP study. Beyond efficacy, we will also communicate that ttheyre are no safety differences across age, gender and cognition with NUPLAZID treatment. After being presented with our new safety messages, approximately 77% of physicians stated that ttheyy would be more willing now to prescribe NUPLAZID to treat PD psychosis earlier than before. Please turn to slide 11. Our promotional messaging highlights that efficacy and safety of NUPLAZID and amplifies our improvement without impairment, strategic vision. Tthey new messaging will be executed across all promotional channels, including our field teams in tthey second half of tthey year. We continue to see strong brand support for NUPLAZID and high engagement of our promotional presentations at medical congresses, with over 2,000 HCPs attending a branded NUPLAZID program in Q2. Additionally, we continue to amplify our message through digital and non-personal promotion efforts to reach our target theyalth care providers. We've increased our efforts with caregivers and patients to drive more patient identification. Our consumer programs educate patients and caregivers about tthey signs and symptoms of PD psychosis and why it's important to talk to your doctor. Our DTC and digital platforms activate those patients to request NUPLAZID by name. Our initiatives will increase patient identification and our promotional messages with a focus on safety, set us up well to accelerate new patient starts in tthey back half of tthey year and drive long-term prescription growth of NUPLAZID. Now, I'll turn it over to Srdjan to share our pipeline progress. Srdjan Stankovic Thank you, Charmaine. Good afternoon, everyone. Please turn to slide 13. As Steve mentioned, we had a constructive dialogue with tthey FDA at our end-of-review Type A meeting. While we still do not have alignment with tthey FDA on what we would take for a resubmission, we are encouraged by tthey agency's optima's to continue tthey discussion and allow us to present additional data analysis to furttheyr support a resubmission without an additional clinical study. Accordingly, it will take some time for us to prepare and for tthey FDA to sctheydule tthey meeting. As such, we will have an update on our - on tthey outcome later ttheir year. Furttheyrmore, consistent with tthey views expressed in tthey CRL regarding individual subgroups of dementia, it appears tthey division of psychiatry of tthey FDA has changed ttheyir view on breakthrough ttheyrapy designation for dementia-related psychosis and have notified us that ttheyy are considering receiving tthey DRP designation for pimavanserin. We will be meeting with tthey FDA in tthey coming months to discuss furttheyr. In tthey meantime, our new publications in both DRP and PDP, continued to be received very well by tthey medical and scientific community. Let's discuss furttheyr on slide 14. I'm excited to share that tthey positive results from our Phase III HARMONY study were publittheyyd in Tthey New England Journal of Medicine. We are pleased to be able to share ttheyse important findings that clearly demonstrates three main takeaways regarding pimavanserin as a potential treatment for DRP. One, in tthey open-label portion of tthey study, pimavanserin treatment clearly demonstrated a meaningful reduction of tthey symptoms of psychosis. Two, continuation of pimavanserin treatment in a double-blind portion significantly reduced tthey risk of relapse of psychosis by almost 3 times. And three, importantly, pimavanserin was not associated with a decline in cognition or motor symptoms and was well tolerated in elderly patients with dementia-related psychosis. Also in July, ACADIA hosted a disease awareness symposium to furttheyr discuss tthey high unmet need in DRP at ttheir year's Alztheyimer's Association International Conference. Tthey symposium was highlighted by key experts in tthey field discussing wtheyttheyr dementia subtypes matter wtheyn it comes to treating psychosis and tthey urgency for awareness and appropriate management of hallucinations and delusions across dementias. Tthey discussion among tthey experts was both consistent and supportive of our view. Tthey dementia-related psychosis is most appropriately studied broadly. In June, results from tthey open-label extension study, which highlight tthey sustained pimavanserin response in patients with PDP were publittheyyd in Parkinsonism and related disorders. Ttheir data furttheyr demonstrate tthey utility of pimavanserin in PDP. Let's move to our development stage pipeline, starting on slide 15, with an update on our trofinetide program for Rett Syndrome. As Steve mentioned, we have recently completed enrollment in tthey Phase III LAVENDER study and are on track to announce top line results in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Turning to slide 16. Our Phase III program evaluating pimavanserin for tthey treatment of negative symptoms schizophrenia includes two pivotal study. Our positive ADVANCE-1 study and ADVANCE-2, which we initiated in tthey third quarter of last year. Enrollment continues to progress well and is on track. Please turn to slide 17 for an update on our ACP-044 program. ACP-044 is a novel first-in-class orally administered non-opioid analgesic that is being studied in both acute and chronic pain models. Tthey Phase II study evaluating ACP-044 for tthey treatment of postoperative pain following bunionectomy surgery is enrolling well, and we expect results in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Furttheyrmore, we recently initiated a Phase II study for patients suffering from pain associated with osteoarthritis. Slide 18 highlights a brief summary of our ACP-319, M1 PAM program for tthey potential treatment of schizophrenia and cognitive impairment in Alztheyimer's disease. As part of our transition, we're completing some additional non-clinical work and will be progressing our Phase I program with tthey initiation of a multi-ascending dose study in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Slide 19 summarizes our ongoing development timelines. Most notably, in tthey fourth quarter, we look forward to announcing top line results from our Phase III trofinetide study in Rett Syndrome and top line results from our Phase II study for ACP-044 in postoperative pain. We look forward to keeping you updated as we advance our pipeline. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Elena now. Elena Ridloff Thank you, Srdjan. Today, I'll discuss our second quarter 2021 results and our updated 2021 financial outlook. Please turn to slide 21. In tthey second quarter 2021, we recorded $115.2 million in net sales, an increase of approximately 5% compared to $110.1 million of net sales in Q2 of 2020. Ttheir was driven by 5% volume growth year-over-year. Tthey gross-to-net adjustment for Q2 2021 was 18.4% compared to our expectation of mid-teens. Weeks of inventory in tthey channel at tthey end of tthey second quarter were relatively flat quarter-over-quarter and still at tthey high end of tthey range. Sequential demand in Q2 outpaced reported growth due to inventory levels slightly increasing in Q1 and ttheyn remaining stable in Q2. Moving down tthey P&L, GAAP R&D expenses decreased to $56.9 million in tthey quarter compared to $64.3 million in Q2 of 2020. GAAP SG&A expenses increased to $96.8 million in tthey second quarter from $84.3 million in tthey second quarter of last year. Non-cash stock-based compensation expense during tthey quarter was $22 million compared to $19.5 million for tthey same period in 2020. Our cash balance at tthey end of tthey quarter was $556.9 million. Please turn to slide 22. As we look atheyad, our Q2 demand growth, commercial initiatives and leading indicators give us confidence in driving volume growth in tthey second half of tthey year. From a gross to net perspective, we've observed a shift in our payer mix ttheir year with a greater proportion of volume from 340B institutions who are eligible for statutory discounts. As a result of ttheir shift, we now expect gross to net for tthey full year to be approximately 20% versus our previous estimate of high teens. We are reducing our net sales guidance for tthey year to be in tthey range of $480 million to $515 million as a result of tthey continuing impact of tthey pandemic and a higtheyr gross to net. On tthey expense side for 2021, we are decreasing our GAAP R&D guidance to be between $250 million and $270 million for tthey full year from tthey previous range of $280 million to $300 million. Ttheir includes approximately $25 million in stock-based compensation expense. We are reiterating our GAAP SG&A between $385 million to $415 million for tthey full year. Ttheir includes $50 million of stock-based compensation expense. And with that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Steve. Steptheyn Davis Thank you, Elena. Please turn to slide 24. In closing, on tthey commercial front, we continue to execute in a challenging environment in tthey short to intermediate term, expect to continue to grow despite ttheyse conditions. Looking from tthey intermediate to long-term, we're real confident in tthey potential of NUPLAZID and are committed to getting it to tthey PDP patients who desperately needed. Regarding DRP, we look forward to continuing our discussion with tthey FDA to align on a potential path to a resubmission. We're focused on advancing our development pipeline with two clinical data readouts in tthey fourth quarter of 2021, while continuing to pursue attractive business development deals. Finally, I would like to thank our employees for ttheyir passion to our mission to elevate life. I'll now open up tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your question, please. Gavin Scott Ttheir is Gavin on for Cory. Thanks for taking our question. Just curious, do tthey FDA clarify what particular analysis needs to be completed to convince ttheym? Or what do you think you can show ttheym to be convincing? Thank you. Steptheyn Davis Yeah. Thanks for tthey question, Gavin. Srdjan, do you want to take ttheir? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Thanks, Gavin. We brought to tthey Type A meeting, a number of additional analysis that we looked at tthey meeting as an opportunity for us to address some of tthey questions and concerns expressed in tthey CRL as we didn't have opportunity prior to ttheir to bring it. So, tthey analysis that we brought and were of quite a bit of interest to tthey FDA could be summarized in a couple of buckets. One is, as it relates to tthey clinical characteristics and features of psychosis among tthey different dementia subtypes. We analyze specifically, we analyzed and looked at psychosis rating scales and did a variety of different cluster analysis, item analysis, characterizing ttheir clinical picture of psychosis among different subtypes, wtheyttheyr before treatment, in tthey course of tthey treatment as well as following withdrawal of successful treatment, essentially showing a very similar pattern of clinical characteristics and behavior among ttheyse different subtypes. So that's one bucket of analysis. Tthey ottheyr bucket is related to tthey meaningful - clinically meaningful response, not only overall, among different - among patients with dementia-related psychosis, but also wtheyn you look at a pattern of response and tthey meaningfulness of tthey response among different subtypes, particularly wtheyn you look at tthey response to pimavanserin treatment, we see quite a bit of similarity and meaningfulness in that clinical response. So, we perform a number of different analyses demonstrated that as well. So, those were kind of tthey main features of tthey analysis that we performed and presented to FDA, and we'll continue to discuss as we move forward with our discussions. Gavin Scott Okay. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Neena Bitritto-Garg, your question please, from Citi. Neena Bitritto-Garg Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So, just on tthey DRP indication as well. I guess, have you got a sense from tthey FDA around if you are able to kind of move forward with some additional analyses of tthey existing data, would a refiling or a resubmission kind of be for tthey broad indication? Or do you think it would be for specific subtypes only? Thanks. Steptheyn Davis Yeah. Thanks for tthey question. Srdjan, do you want to address ttheir? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Well, Neena, thanks for tthey question. Wtheyn we look at tthey discussions that we have and tthey potential part, ttheyy essentially boils down to three pathways that we can pursue. One is that additional analysis and tthey discussion and review of tthey data, results with tthey alignment that tthey data - existing data is sufficient for approval of tthey broad DRP indication. Tthey ottheyr option is that tthey data that we have for tthey subtypes, particularly for some of tthey larger subtypes that we have like Alztheyimer's disease psychosis along with tthey study in Alztheyimer's disease psychosis that we have with tthey analysis and data would we present, we aligned that that data is sufficient to - for tthey approval of individual indications, sub individual subtype without additional clinical work. And finally, tthey third part would be that if FDA remains steadfast with ttheyir position that ttheyy would want to see additional clinical data ttheyn additional work in an individual indication would be required to move forward. So that's how we see. Obviously, our position is for tthey first or tthey second option. And I think tthey data that we have presented received some traction, and we're continuing discussion and we are happy to have that opportunity. Neena Bitritto-Garg Perfect. Thanks, guys. Steptheyn Davis Yeah. Ttheir is Steve. I don't know if ottheyrs theyard ttheir, but ttheyre was some skipping wtheyn Srdjan was talking. So, I just want to clarify. So, as Srdjan mentioned, ttheyre's three potential ways ttheir could play out. First is, our position that our existing data supports a broad DRP label. We made that case in tthey Type A meeting we have, and we determine that we need to continue tthey discussion on that front. So that's one possibility. Anottheyr possibility is to resubmit based upon one or more individual subtypes, Srdjan mentioned Alztheyimer's disease psychosis is wtheyre we obviously have tthey greatest amount of data. It is tthey largest group in tthey study. We also had very compelling data in dementia Lewy body. So, a second potential outcome theyre is that we resubmit again without additional clinical work based upon one or more subtypes. Tthey third possibility, of course, is that tthey FDA, and ttheir is ttheyir current view, requires that we do additional clinical work and submit on individual subtypes. Now having said that, again, theyre too, ttheyy said, ttheir is what we suggest you do. We think ttheir is your best path forward but we're willing to have a furttheyr discussion with you about tthey possibility of submitting without additional clinical work. That's wtheyre things stand today, those are tthey three potential outcomes as we see it. Neena Bitritto-Garg Okay. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Jeff Hung from Morgan Stanley. Your question please. Jeff Hung Thanks for taking tthey questions. Just to clarify, so a follow-up meeting with tthey FDA. Is ttheir a meeting wtheyre tthey agency will make a final decision on wtheyttheyr to allow for tthey resubmission without tthey additional clinical study? Or is ttheyre a potential that ttheir could go on to multiple additional meetings? And I have a follow-up on that. Steptheyn Davis Yes. Srdjan, do you want to take that? Srdjan Stankovic Yeah. Just to clarify, I mean, Type A meeting that we already had with tthey FDA a 60-minute meeting. And obviously, we brought a lot of information and data to that meeting and in tthey briefing document. So, tthey extension of ttheir meeting that we will have in tthey next sctheyduled meeting is essentially continuation of tthey discussion that we already have, ttheyy already started and had with tthey FDA. We do anticipate that we will come to a certain point of alignment and with tthey FDA or a certain point of understanding what will be necessary along tthey three different pathways that we just discussed at that next meeting. And obviously, our hoping that tthey data that we are bringing and tthey discussion at tthey meeting will support our position and proposals how to move forward. Jeff Hung Okay. Thanks. And if I can clarify, so ttheyn, can you provide a little more color on tthey FDA reiterating ttheyir position in being open to having anottheyr meeting? Like, was that more that ttheyy're pretty firm on ttheyir position, but ttheyy'll theyar you out? Or does it seem like ttheyy're more open to an actual discussion? Steptheyn Davis I'll start, and ttheyn I'll let Srdjan had a different color, if you like. I don't think ttheyy would have suggested we're open to having anottheyr meeting if ttheyy weren't interested in theyaring more of tthey analysis that we're doing - that we did for tthey Type A meeting and we're continuing to refine that. So, I think ttheyy're being genuine wtheyn ttheyy agreed to have a furttheyr dialogue. As Srdjan mentioned, tthey Type A meeting was only a 60-minute meeting. We only cover so much ground in that meeting. Having said that, again, I just want to be clear. Ttheyy said, we believe your best path forward is to do additional clinical work and do an additional clinical study for each subtype that you want to pursue. But we're open to having a furttheyr discussion. That's as much clarity as I can give you at ttheir point. We need to have tthey next meeting in order to try to get furttheyr clarity. Jeff Hung Right. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Ritu Baral from Cowen. Your question please. Analyst Ttheir is [ph] Laila on for Ritu. Thanks for taking tthey question. Maybe just to follow up on DRP. For tthey meeting that you plan to have with tthey FDA later ttheir year, now is that expected to be with tthey same reviewers, tthey same members of tthey FDA you've been interacting with. Or is ttheyre any potential that it might escalate to more senior members of tthey division? Thank you. Steptheyn Davis Srdjan, do you want to take that? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Let me just say that we - first of all, we were very pleased to have a strong FDA representation and presence at our Type A meeting along both from tthey division as well as from tthey office for neuroscience. At tthey meeting, obviously, tthey division - Psychiatry Division Director Tiffany Farchione was present, but also tthey Director of Office for Neuroscience Billy Dunn was present at tthey meeting. So, we anticipate, as we continue ttheir discussion to continue to have that strong presence from tthey FDA side as well and continue our constructive dialogue. Analyst Thank you for clarifying. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Charles Duncan from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your question, please. Charles Duncan Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking tthey question. Had a question - one additional question on DRP and ttheyn a commercial question. And that is regarding DRP, I guess, I'm wondering if you're contemplating actually initiating a trial with one of ttheyse patient subgroups. And ttheyn given tthey kind of perspective that you got from AAIC; I'm wondering if you can provide any additional color on why you think tthey psychiatry division is contemplating ttheyre being differences in psychosis across ttheyse degenerative disorders. Steptheyn Davis Srdjan, do you want to take ttheir question? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Let me try to address tthey first part of tthey - second part of tthey question. And that is, we received quite a bit of support from tthey medical community out ttheyre in regard to interpretation of tthey data and tthey results of our HARMONY study and tthey overall data that we submitted as a part of our supplemental NDA. So ttheyre is, indeed, as you are pointing out a little bit of discrepancy in tthey way how division of psychiatry looked at tthey data and how tthey wider medical and scientific community look at tthey data. We were very, as I mentioned, very pleased with tthey fact that we also publittheyyd tthey data in Tthey New England Journal of Medicine and received also a positive editorial in regard to tthey overall data we have. But it is remaining a debate within tthey community about how to study dementia-related psychosis. I studied as a single entity clinical entity, which is positioned wtheyre we had, and we had an agreement to that effect or to studies by dementia subtypes. And I guess that tthey divisional psychiatry on tthey basis of available data to ttheym and tthey data that we presented came to a conclusion that, that way of studying psychosis by dementia subtypes is an appropriate way to study dementia-related psychosis. But that's tthey best that I can say. Steptheyn Davis Charles, I think you also were asking about outrunning an additional study. I would just - go atheyad, Srdjan. Srdjan Stankovic Yeah. We are obviously preparing for all possible alternative outcomes of our discussion. We do not want to prejudge tthey discussion or - but we are prepared for all possible outcomes and alternative actions that we would be taking as we move forward with ttheir. So that's how we look at tthey things. Charles Duncan Okay. Quick commercial question ttheyn. And I know that you don't promote off-label. But I'm just wondering if you're able to detect any change in tthey use of pimavanserin off-label as a result of tthey agency decision and tthey visibility around that, I don't even know if ttheyre is off-label use, but I'm wondering if that - if ttheyre is, if that dynamic changed over tthey course of tthey second quarter. Steptheyn Davis Yeah. Thanks for tthey question, Charles. From tthey time we've launctheyd in PDP, we've had very little off-label use. We can't track every bottle. We don't know tthey final destination of every bottle, for instance, that goes into long-term peer. But tthey majority of our sales of our bottles come through our hub and we know what tthey diagnosis is on every bottle, every prescription that comes to our hub. And wtheyn we look at those prescriptions, tthey amount that is off label has consistently been in tthey low single digits. So, more than 95% of prescriptions are on label. It's difficult to get tthey drug off-label as it is many drugs. It's possible but difficult. And so for that reason, a very high percent of our bottles are on label. That has not changed throughout tthey last cycle of tthey product, and we're not seeing any differences in that today. Charles Duncan Okay. Thanks, Steve, for tthey added color. Steptheyn Davis Yeah. You bet, Charles. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your question, please. Tazeen Ahmad Srdjan, I just wanted to maybe clarify on tthey comment that you made in your press statement as a breakthrough status. I guess why would it be tthey case that FDA might be reconsidering breakthrough? And who's going to make that decision as you kind of have ttheyse meetings - your next meeting, is anybody in that committee going to be involved in determining breakthrough status? And if and wtheyn it's determined what tthey future path is going to be, let's say, let's say tthey best case, you don't have to do anottheyr study you can resubmit. Ttheyre's a chance now go up that it would be for a regular review, given tthey breakthrough status might be revoked? Steptheyn Davis Yes, sure. Srdjan, do you want to take ttheir? Srdjan Stankovic Yeah. A couple of things theyre. First of all, just a clarification. We received ttheir notification from tthey FDA prior to our Type A meeting. And tthey breakthrough designation at ttheir point - tthey reason we believe ttheir is consistent with ttheyir CRL is it's very consistent with ttheyir position that tthey data did not substantiate approval for ttheir particular indication. And at ttheir point in tthey life cycle of tthey development, really that tthey breakthrough ttheyrapy designation, it does not have an impact as ottheyrwise would have. So from that perspective, ttheir is something that we are not surprised to see. To your question, tthey division makes a recommendation for tthey breakthrough ttheyrapy designation and it's ttheyn approved by tthey higtheyr levels with tthey agency. And in regard to tthey review, which is an important point, in case of resubmission, that resubmission goes eittheyr to - depending on wtheyttheyr it's a labeling resubmission or its additional data, which in ttheir case, would probably be, would take 6 months review cycle. So it wouldn't go - it doesn't go in a manner like original submission. Tazeen Ahmad Thanks for tthey color. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jason Butler from JMP Securities. Your question, please. Jason Butler Hi, guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Just on DRP, was tthey Phase II ADP study discussed at all or any of tthey FDA's comments in tthey CRL relating to that study discussed? And ttheyn just on tthey commercial side, in geographies wtheyre tthey case rates of COVID have remained lower. Are you seeing a better return to physicians' offices or occupancy levels in LTC that are closer to normal? Are you seeing different things across tthey country? Or is it still depressed across tthey country? Steptheyn Davis Srdjan, why don't you take tthey first question? Srdjan Stankovic Yes, Thanks, Jason. Tthey FDA invited us to bring additional data and analysis. Tthey point that we brought to tthey meeting in tthey discussion as far as tthey Phase II ADP study goes is tthey conclusion - positive conclusions of that study remain wireless of how you look at tthey data and analyze tthey data and independent on any concerns that tthey division expressed in regard to some quality issues with that study, single-center study and so on. So from that perspective, ttheyy did invite us to bring that additional analysis and data validating tthey overall conclusion of that study because it is an important study in tthey overall package of tthey data we submitted. Steptheyn Davis Right. Adam, do you want to take tthey geography question? Adam Morgan Yeah. I'll take tthey second question. Thanks, Steve. So specific to, are we seeing differences across tthey U.S. as it relates to tthey pandemic. And we do see regional differences across tthey U.S. But we'll say is that we have seen from tthey beginning of tthey year until ttheir year, we've seen a return of our face-to-face engagements with our reps and our physicians. And we've seen LTC new admissions continue to grow, although still at pre-COVID levels as well as PD patient office visits. So we'll continue to track those leading indicators and continue to optimize with our engagements with our HCPs as we navigate tthey pandemic. Jason Butler Thanks guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Marc Goodman from SVB Leerink. Your question, please. Marc Goodman Hi, guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. So, Steve, to confirm if tthey FDA ends up saying, okay, you need anottheyr study. You're willing to do anottheyr study in 1 of ttheyse subgroups. Is that confirmed? Steptheyn Davis Yes. I appreciate tthey question, Marc. I think tthey honest answer is we need to know what would be required for an approval in tthey individual subgroups, or for that matter, for DRP generally. And we just haven't had - we're not at that point of tthey discussions yet. So we need to understand what that path looks like. Obviously, if it's an asset that if we ultimately determine that we need to do additional clinical work to get an approval, if tthey path is 1 that we feel like is appropriate, it's scientifically valid. We still have a lot of patent life and we'll be eager to pursue it. If tthey path forward is 1 that we feel like is just not feasible. It would be very difficult to enroll or take a very, very long time to enroll, ttheyn you want to take that into consideration. But next steps next and tthey next thing we need to have furttheyr discussion with FDA. Marc Goodman So basically, at tthey meeting, ttheyy told you that you should do anottheyr study in a subgroup to get that particular subgroup, but ttheyy didn't give you any guidance on that type of study at all. Ttheyre was no discussion about what it would be. Steptheyn Davis We did not have a discussion on what that would look like. That's correct. We spent tthey majority of tthey meeting talking about tthey new analysis that we had done and had a dialogue around that. And again, as I said, I want to be really clear, ttheyy said, we think your best path word is to do additional clinical work. However, we're willing to have a furttheyr discussion with you to furttheyr consider tthey analysis that you've done. Marc Goodman Right. And Srdjan, your comments - somewtheyre in tthey comments, you used tthey term, some traction. We got some traction. So I was just curious what part of tthey discussion was it that you got some traction? Srdjan Stankovic I would just directly say tthey buckets that I described both sets of analysis that we were discussing were received with quite a bit of interest. Ttheir was a new information that new data that we brought new analysis, and ttheyre was quite a bit of interest and discussion. And finally, encouragement to see more of that analysis and continued discussion in that. But that is tthey reason that I characterize as a traction, but really space to both buckets of tthey analysis. Steptheyn Davis Marc, I might just add 1 additional comment. Any time you get a CRL, and we were very clear about ttheir before tthey Type A meeting, you would expect that going into that meeting because ttheyy just issued a CRL that ttheyir view would be that you should do additional clinical work. So I would say we're very pleased that both [indiscernible] were at tthey meeting. And we had an opportunity to present tthey analysis that we did. And as Srdjan mentioned, I think ttheyre was very meaningful interest in tthey analysis, and we had a very constructive dialogue. So I think coming out of that meeting with tthey recognition that ttheir warrants furttheyr discussion, I think is what Srdjan is referring to wtheyn they said, we got some traction and feel like we have a productive discussion and ttheyn we need to continue that dialogue. Marc Goodman Thanks for tthey color guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your question, please. Richard Tan Ttheir is Richard on for Salveen. Elena, maybe 1 for you. With respect to tthey lowered guidance ttheyre, can you theylp us and what proportion of that reduction is due to expected continued impact from tthey pandemic versus gross to net? Elena Ridloff Sure, Richard. So about half tthey reduction is a result of tthey slower pace of recovery due to tthey pandemic and about half of it is due to tthey growth to net. Richard Tan Great. And Srdjan, one question on ACP-044 for tthey data that you're expecting in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Can you theylp frame expectations for that? And what is clinically meaningful? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. We are conducting just as a reminder, study in postsurgical pain, bunionectomy surgery, about 240 patients study and expect tthey results before tthey end of tthey year. In that study, tthey primary outcome measure is pain intensity measured over 24 hours. We are testing to kind of dosing regimens in tthey study at tthey higtheyst dose level. And it's a placebo-controlled study. So we would be very pleased to see a significant separation in tthey pain intensity or reduction in pain intensity with treatment. Richard Tan Great. Thanks, guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Joe Stringer from Needham & Company. Your question please. Joseph Stringer First one, commercial on PDP. Just following up on an earlier question on sort of regional difference. Just curious if you had any data or info theysitancy amongst vaccinated PDP patients, wtheyttheyr it be returning to office visits? And I know in tthey long-term care, it's a little bit different dynamic. You mentioned occupancy and new admissions were down. But is ttheyre a different sort of effect for each of those? And tthey second question is just on Rett. Can you remind us again what to expect for a clinically meaningful change in RSBQ and CGI end points? Steptheyn Davis Yes, sure. Adam, do you want to take tthey first question and Srdjan, tthey second? Adam Morgan Sure. Thanks for tthey question, Joseph. So let me kind of separate my question to 2 kind of - or my answer into 2 distinct categories wtheyn we think about regional differences and how we think about tthey business. But it really boils down to 2 things, and it's eittheyr tthey face-to-face physician and patient visits or tthey face-to-face position and rep interactions. And specifically with tthey face-to-face physician and patient visits, ttheir is important because we know HCPs are more effective diagnosing psychosis, and ttheyy have an increased willingness to prescribe a new product during an in-person patient visits. And so currently, in-person patient visits, as I shared, are about 20% below pre-COVID level. So regardless of ttheir, though, we've maintained our new patient starts pre-pandemic. Tthey second thing we look at both regionally and nationally as wtheyn we look at face-to-face physician and rep interactions. And so what we know is that we'll be engaged with our HCPs in person were just more effective than we are wtheyn we interact virtually. And so currently, more than two-third of our physicians and rep interactions are in person, which is a significant improvement from tthey beginning of tthey year, but it is still free at pre-COVID levels. So throughout our growth initiatives, tthey temporal theyadwinds turning those into tailwinds, we do expect to see an increased demand for NUPLAZID. And we do expect to kind of vary regionally, but those are really tthey ways we look at it from both a regional and national perspective. Srdjan Stankovic Yes. About tthey trofinetide read Phase III study. As a reminder, tthey study has two co-primary measure: One is Rett behavioral symptoms questionnaire, which is a caregiver completed questionnaire across symptoms of Rett syndrome; and tthey second is Clinical Global Impression of Improvement, which is a physician rating scale. So in itself, tthey study has sort of internal validation of wtheyttheyr tthey rating scale changes that are observed in individual patients correlate with tthey improvement - meaningful improvement that tthey physician characterized on tthey scale on ttheyir rating scale. So from that perspective, since we need to reach both separation from placebo and Pogo primary measure, ttheyre is an internal validation of meaningfulness of tthey results wtheynever we separate from placebo. I will remind you that in tthey Phase II study that was positive, ttheyre was about a 15% reduction on tthey scale. And obviously, that was meaningful separation, particularly in tthey context of tthey broad our assessment of tthey broad symptoms across Rett syndrome as well as that ttheyre are no ottheyr available treatments at ttheir point. Joseph Stringer Thank you, guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jay Olson from Oppentheyimer. Your question, please. Jay Olson I was wondering if you could share any thoughts on [indiscernible] data for ttheyir M4 PAM and any read across that you might see to your M1 PAM? And ttheyn maybe if you could please provide an update on your latest thoughts about potential indications to pursue with your M1 PAM and wtheyn we should expect to see Phase I data? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks much for tthey question. Srdjan, do you want to take that? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Let me start with our thinking around what potential indication for tthey M1 PAM that we are currently developing. We are taking - as we mentioned, in a broad stroke, we are looking at a schizophrenia and tthey cognition and cognitive symptoms in dementia. Wtheyn we talk about schizophrenia, obviously, 1 can pursue acute symptoms of schizophrenia, but also negative symptoms and cognitive symptoms of schizophrenia. We will be, what I say, following tthey molecule, listening to tthey molecule as we are developing it and conducting our Phase II because ttheyre are some indications - ttheyre are some - those that believe that M1 is more targeted toward and successful in tthey treatment of cognitive symptoms while tthey M4 may be more successful in treating tthey acute symptoms. I would say that we - as much as we believe in that lower, we would also - ttheyre are data that suggest different, and we would like to evaluate as we furttheyr move with tthey development of M1 PAM. As far as tthey M4 data from Cerevel, I would say it's an impressive data. It is in acute short-term acute treatment of positive symptoms of schizophrenia. We looked at that data. First of all, we do need better treatments for schizophrenia. So we are very pleased to see such positive results as a seawall reported. But I would also say that we are seeing that as a validation of muscarinic receptor as a target, for schizophrenia and are very, very pleased that we also have a program in development in that area. Jay Olson Thanks, guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Gregory Renza from RBC Capital Markets. Your question please. Gregory Renza Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Steve, just on tthey Type A meeting. I know coming into that, meaning you were really striving for an understanding of why tthey FDA appeared to have changed ttheyir position ttheyre. I'm just curious, coming out of that now, if you felt as though you've reactheyd that understanding and as you've alluded to, kind of tthey alignment path forward, what that means for getting on firmer footing with ttheym with tthey next steps? And ttheyn just secondly, on a separate topic just related to BD. Just curious if you could update us on sort of your criteria ttheyre, especially as maybe tthey wider industry has been prompted to rethink assets and development plans following tthey [indiscernible] approval? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Sure. Let me take ttheym 1 at a time, and I'll answer tthey first question and ttheyn Srdjan again, feel free to add any additional color. Look, I think ttheir is a situation wtheyre reasonable [indiscernible] can differ. And we believe our position in tthey way to look at DRP broadly as 1 indication is supported by tthey data in tthey medical literature in terms of tthey way physicians think about ttheir indication, most importantly in terms of tthey way it presents and tthey way it response to treatment. So we feel like we've got a very strong case ttheyre. We think our data from our study is consistent and supports that position. As Srdjan mentioned, wtheyn you look at tthey drug-treated group in tthey randomized withdrawal portion of tthey study, between subgroups, tthey response is very similar. It's also very similar in tthey open-label portion of tthey study. So however, we respect tthey fact that tthey FDA, particularly tthey psychiatry division has a different position. And ttheir is not to say that we're right or wrong or vice versa. Ttheyy just have a different position than we do. So recognizing that, our objective is to accomplish two things. One is we want to get ttheir drug to patients who desperately need it as fast as possible and to win to get to tthey broadest group of patients that can benefit from it. So as we go forward, we're going to focus on wtheyre we can try to find alignment to accomplish those two objectives, recognizing that we just have a reasonable difference of scientific opinion. Srdjan, anything you want to add to that? Srdjan Stankovic I think you sum did that quite well. Steptheyn Davis Okay. And ttheyn to your second question regarding BD, you broke up in, I think, a key part of tthey second question. Could you repeat that? Gregory Renza Sure, Steve. Just I'm curious if you could just update us on tthey criteria that you're applying wtheyn you look at external assets and just curious if of tthey aducanumab approval while it's prompted by ottheyrs in tthey sector to maybe rethink how to look at assets and development programs, if that applies to you as well? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks much for tthey question. I would say our strategy on business development is unchanged. We built a presence in both neurology and psychiatry. We have very strong franctheires ttheyre both on tthey R&D as well as on tthey commercial and medical affairs fronts, and we're going to continue to pursue that. Ttheyre's really specifically to aducanumab, I would say that has not had a meaningful impact in terms of our view of assets and tthey development path is full. Having said that, I'll say we obviously - ttheyre's a topic of great discussion in tthey general press. Ttheyre's probably a political point of view and social point of view and medical point of view that relate to how tthey FDA is currently thinking about tthey accelerated approval pathway, and we'll continue to stay very much on top of that. But I would say wtheyn I step back and think about tthey things that are most impactful to our strategy on business development, ttheir is not a - ttheir does not create a sea change or significant difference. Gregory Renza Great. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jack Brill from Raymond James. Your question, please. Jack Brill Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Ttheir may be a follow-up to tthey 1 just asked, but maybe just if you could clarify a bit, Steve. It seems like ttheyre's nothing gating to having anottheyr meeting with tthey FDA. So I guess, can you just walk us through exactly what tthey next steps are from theyre to get that meeting sctheyduled? And ttheyn on tthey commercial side, I'm curious if you have any insights as to why PD office visits were down more in 2Q than for 1Q wtheyn tthey pandemic was at all-time highs? Steptheyn Davis Yes. I'll ask Adam to answer tthey second question in a second. But as it relates to tthey - I'm sorry. Jack, could you repeat tthey first question? Jack Brill Yes. I'm just wondering like what tthey steps are from theyre to having that follow-up discussion with tthey FDA. Steptheyn Davis Yes. Got it. Okay. Sorry. So let me just cover kind of mechanically first. So mechanically, we need to submit tthey request. And ttheyn depending on wtheyttheyr it's Type A, B or C meeting, it will be a 36- or 75-day clock on tthey meeting and ttheyn we need to submit a briefing document 30 days before tthey meeting. So it's just a mechanical rules that are in place with FDA. We are working very diligently on tthey material that will be needed to be included in tthey briefing document, and we theyar that we have that clearly within our sights before making ttheyir request. So that's coming. And just as a little bit of additional context, I would say, as we've reported previously, we unfortunately didn't get an opportunity to learn of tthey FDA's concerns DRP that led to tthey CRL until we got tthey CRL. So we're very thankful and appreciative of tthey opportunity to have tthey top a meeting we had and respond to those concerns. And so as we continue ttheir dialogue, we want to make certain that we are very responsive to ttheyir concerns and responsive to tthey dialogue that we're having. And so in order to do that, now that we know those concerns, we've had an initial discussion with ttheym. It's important to get ttheir right for tthey next discussion as well. So that's, of course, our #1 priority. I'm sorry, Adam, do you want to take tthey second question? Adam Morgan Yes, sure. Thanks, Steve. Thanks, Daniel, for tthey question. Specific to PD office visits, I'd just remind that we serve a PD patient population that is elderly. So as tthey pandemic continues, ttheir is an elderly patient population that we serve. Jack Brill Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our final question for today comes from tthey line of Vamil Divan from Mizuho Securities. Your question, please. Vamil Divan Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. So, maybe just one on tthey commercial side, again, I guess, for Elena, just tthey comments around gross to net. Maybe I know it's too early to kind of give formal guidance for next year or beyond. But can you just sort of talk about as you just talking about tthey higtheyr gross to net ttheir year? Is ttheir sort of more tthey range you'd expect sort of generally speaking, going forward? Or is ttheir more of an unusual situation ttheir year were things? What kind of settle back down as we look at 2022 and beyond? Elena Ridloff So we - as I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we've seen tthey volume from 340B institutions grow ttheir year. It was pretty stable last year in tthey low single digits, and it increased ttheir year to mid- to high single digits. Ttheir is a trend that's been seen more broadly in tthey industry. So I wouldn't expect it to reverse. So as I mentioned in tthey - we expect for ttheir year, gross to net to be about 20%. And we'll provide guidance for next year on our 4Q call in tthey February time frame. Vamil Divan Thank you. Operator Ttheir does conclude tthey question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to program back to management for any furttheyr remarks. Steptheyn Davis Great. Thanks, operator, and thanks so much to each of you for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our progress as we move forward. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect. Good day.