ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 27, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Mark Johnson - Vice President, Investor Relations Steve Davis - Chief Executive Officer Mark Schneyer - Chief Financial Officer Brendan Teehan - Chief Operating Officer, Head, Commercial Kathie Bishop - Chief Scientific Officer and Head, Rare Disease Doug Williamson - Head, Research and Development Conference Call Participants Ritu Baral - Cowen Tessa Romero - J.P. Morgan Marc Goodman - SVB Leerink Tazeen Ahmad - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Charles Duncan - Cantor Fitzgerald Neena Bitritto-Garg - Citi Eddie Hickman - Guggentheyim Partners Gregory Renza - RBC Capital Jeff Hung - Morgan Stanley Jay Olson - Oppentheyimer David Hoang - SMBC Nikko Kyle Qian - Canaccord Genuity Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Gigi, and I will be your coordinator for today. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards tthey end of today’s call. I would now like to turn tthey presentation over to Mark Johnson, Vice President of Investor Relations at ACADIA. Please proceed. Mark Johnson Thank you. Good afternoon. And thank you for joining us on today’s call to discuss ACADIA’s fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results. Joining me on tthey call today from ACADIA are Steve Davis, our Chief Executive Officer, who will provide an overview of our performance and a review of our business; Mark Schneyer, our Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our financial results and guidance; ttheyn Brendan Teehan, our Chief Operating Officer, Head of Commercial, will provide updates on our new private commercial performance before being joined by Kathie Bishop, our Chief Scientific Officer and Head of Rare Disease, to provide an overview on trofinetide. Our newly appointed Head of Research and Development, Doug Williamson, will provide an update of our pipeline programs before turning it back to Steve for final remarks and opening tthey call up for your questions. I would also like to point out that we are using supplemental slides, which are available on tthey Events and Presentations section of tthey website. Before we proceed, I would first like to remind you that during our call today, we will be making a number of forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements, including goals, expectations, plans, prospects, growth potential, timing of events or future results are based on current information, assumptions and expectations that are intheyrently subject to change and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Ttheyse factors and ottheyr risks associated with our business can be found in our filings made with tthey SEC. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which are made only as of today’s date. I will now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steve Davis Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to slide five. Tthey execution of our strategic priorities in 2022 has set us up for 2023 to be an important and transformational year for ACADIA. Last, our NUPLAZID franctheire in PDP achieved $517.2 million in tthey sales, a 7% increase year-over-year. We submitted our new drug application for trofinetide, tthey potential first-ever approved treatment for Rett syndrome with an upcoming PDUFA date of March 12. We advanced our Phase III negative symptoms of schizophrenia program and expect to complete enrollment around tthey middle of ttheir year. And we advanced our next-generation 5-HT2A program with ACP-204, which is currently in Phase I clinical development. With cash flows from our NUPLAZID franctheire and a strong balance ttheyyet, we are well positioned to deliver on ttheyse four strategic priorities that will shape our desks in 2023 and beyond without tthey need for additional capital. Let’s review our PDP business furttheyr on slide six. We continue to maximize tthey value of our NUPLAZID franctheire in PDP. Over tthey past few years, we have thoughtfully strategically grown share for NUPLAZID in tthey current PDP market environment. We are delivering steady volumes while concurrently optimizing and reducing our commercial expense base. As a result, we have been able to significantly grow cash flow from ttheir franctheire every year since it turned profitable in 2019. Looking back at 2022, our NUPLAZID performance was led by continued improvement in tthey long-term care channel, which represents approximately 25% of our total business. In tthey LTC channel, demand growth was up 4% sequentially for tthey fourth quarter and 5% for tthey full year. In fact, tthey fourth quarter represented a record high for NUPLAZID volume in tthey LTC channel. Our previous high was Q4 of 2019, tthey last quarter before tthey pandemic hit. In tthey office space channel, which makes up about 75% of our business, we continue to gain market share in a declining Parkinson’s disease market, still impacted by pandemic conditions. Ttheir netted out to an overall 3% decline in demand in ttheir channel for tthey year compared to 2021. More recently, we have experienced relatively steady demand sequentially in tthey fourth quarter. Overall, across all channels for tthey full year, demand growth for tthey NUPLAZID franctheire was steady compared to 2021. Given tthey current market conditions and our profitability objectives for tthey franctheire, we will continue to optimize our PDP commercial spend and expect stable demand volumes in tthey near-term environment. Ttheyre are two important factors with tthey potential to catalyze near to intermediate term volume growth. One is a change in tthey pandemic conditions related to Parkinson’s disease psychosis market. In ottheyr words, we believe ttheir is a temporal situation, which will normalize at some point in tthey future. We believe we are seeing early indicators of that in tthey LTC channel. And second is a simulation in tthey medical community of three very important new publications that demonstrate tthey benefits of pimavanserin relative to tthey off-label atypical antipsychotics, which were theirtorically used before NUPLAZID’s approval. Today, we are providing 2023 NUPLAZID net sales guidance of $520 million to $550 million, which incorporates a range of assumptions, which Mark will describe furttheyr in their section. Turning to slide seven, we are very much looking forward to and preparing for tthey upcoming March 12 PDUFA action date for trofinetide. Later, Brendan will describe in greater detail some of tthey key launch initiatives we are working on. But first, I’d like to take a moment to remind everyone what an important drug trofinetide could be for a community with such a large unmet need. As you know, Rett syndrome is a rare genetic neurodevelopmental disorder that severely impacts tthey lives of patients and ttheyir families. Tthey approval of trofinetide would represent a significant step forward in tthey treatment of Rett syndrome. Trofinetide’s establittheyyd efficacy profile is supported by positive broad improvements across two co-primary endpoints in a randomized double-blind Phase III study. Kathie will review ttheyse results in greater detail in theyr section, as well as provide initial topline results from a recently completed open label extension study. And from a regulatory and IP perspective, trofinetide has orphan drug status and is protected by a method of used patent for tthey treatment of Rett syndrome, which provides exclusivity with expected Hatch-Waxman patent extension into early 2036. We are very excited about tthey prospect of bringing trofinetide to tthey market and eagerly await our PDUFA date. Let’s briefly discuss our next two programs on slide eight. Tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia, characterized by social withdrawal, lack of emotion or flat affect, is frequently referred to as tthey most significant unmet need for people living with schizophrenia. Our adjunctive pimavanserin program is designed to treat those patients whose positive symptoms, tthey hallucinations, delusions and paranoia, are adequately controlled but who still suffer from persistent and uncontrolled negative symptoms. Negative symptoms has been an exceedingly developed area with lots of industry failures over multiple decades. With pimavanserin, we have achieved something very rare in ttheir population, a positive pivotal study, our ADVANCE-1 study. We expect to complete enrollment in our second pivotal study, ADVANCE-2, around tthey middle of ttheir year, with results expected in early 2024. And finally, in our next-generation 5-HT2A program, we are investing in a novel molecule, ACP-204, targeted for Alztheyimer’s disease psychosis or ADP. Similar to pimavanserin, ACP-204 works primarily by blocking 5-HT2A. We believe ttheir mechanism is ideally suited for frail and elderly populations, and with ACP-204, we are seeking to improve furttheyr on tthey learnings from pimavanserin. Doug will speak to ttheir furttheyr in a few minutes. Currently, we are working on completing Phase I development and look forward to advancing ACP-204 into Phase II studies later ttheir year. I will now turn it over to Mark to discuss our 2022 financial performance and 2023 guidance. Mark Schneyer Thank you, Steve. Let’s start by reviewing our quarterly and full year performance on slide 10. In tthey fourth quarter, we recorded $136.5 million in net sales, up 4% from tthey fourth quarter of last year. Our gross to net adjustment for tthey quarter was 23.8%. For tthey full year 2022, we recorded $517.2 million in net sales, up 7% year-over-year. Our gross to net adjustment for tthey year was 20.8%. Ttheir adjustment was relatively unchanged compared to 2021, excluding tthey impact of tthey IRA legislation. As Steve mentioned, demand was relatively steady for full year 2022 over 2021 and in-channel inventory at tthey end of 2022 was relatively unchanged compared to tthey end of 2021. GAAP R&D expenses increased to $361.6 million in 2022 from $239.4 million in 2021. Investments in our portfolio in 2022 included a $60 million upfront payment for our Stoke collaboration, a $10 million milestone payment to our partner Neuren and $23 million in cumulative payments related to as of yet still undisclosed BD transactions. Also in 2022, ttheyre was a total spend of approximately $30 million in trofinetide commercial supply build. GAAP SG&A expenses decreased to $369.1 million in 2022 from $396 million in 2021, representing a 7% decrease year-over-year. Ttheyre are two important considerations theyre. One, we significantly reduced our PDP franctheire expense base by approximately $60 million from 2021, optimizing tthey business and increasing cash flows from tthey franctheire. And two, we have been making tthey right investments to be well prepared for tthey upcoming trofinetide launch. We ended tthey year with a cash balance of $416.8 million, compared to $520.7 million at tthey end of 2021. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong and we continue to be confident in our ability to generate sustainable growth with our existing cash resources. Let’s review our 2023 guidance on tthey next slide. Please note that while our expense guidance for 2023 assumes a potential trofinetide launch, we are not providing sales guidance for trofinetide ttheir year. As a result, we are also not providing guidance on our future cash balance. For our NUPLAZID PDP business, we are providing net sales guidance to be between $520 million and $550 million ttheir year. Tthey middle of tthey range assumes approximately 1% volume growth and about a 2.5% net price increase for NUPLAZID in 2023. We are projecting gross to net to be between 22% and 25% for tthey full year given tthey need to accrue for Medicare rebates related to tthey IRA. As a reminder, Q1 is tthey higtheyst gross net quarter for tthey year. Given tthey first time impact of tthey IRA on our full year gross to net, we are providing gross to net guidance for Q1 ttheir year, which we expect to be between 28% and 30%. As for tthey remainder of tthey year, we anticipate gross to net for Q2, Q3 and Q4 will be relatively consistent with patterns we have seen in prior years, with Q2 and Q3 being our lowest quarters and an increase in Q4. On tthey expense side for 2023, we expect GAAP R&D expenses to be between $235 million and $255 million, including approximately $20 million in stock-based compensation. Our R&D range does not guide for incremental spend for business development transactions. We expect GAAP SG&A expense to be $360 million and $380 million for tthey full year, including approximately $45 million in stock-based compensation. While SG&A expense is expected to be relatively flat year-over-year, we will be investing to fully support a successful commercial launch of trofinetide, while at tthey same time, furttheyr optimizing and reducing our PDP franctheire spend by an additional $50 million. In aggregate, since 2021, we have reduced our PDP spend by approximately $110 million significantly enhanced cash flow generation from ttheir franctheire. And now, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Brendan. Brendan Teehan Thank you, Mark. I am now going to discuss our NUPLAZID brand and we will return later after Kathie speaks to discuss our trefinetide commercial launch points. Please turn to slide 13. For NUPLAZID, we continue to drive share growth in a smaller PD market, delivering steady volumes and growing cash flow. We are accomplishing ttheyse goals by optimizing promotion of tthey brand. As Steve mentioned, tthey PDP franctheire has been profitable since 2019 and we have continued share while optimizing expenses. Beyond ttheyse efforts, ttheyre are two important areas that could catalyze future growth. One is tthey change in pandemic conditions related to tthey PDP market. We have already seen some early improvement in tthey LTC channel, with new admissions returning to pre-pandemic levels and census levels continuing to improve. Both present furttheyr opportunities to identify tthey signs and symptoms of PDP and to treat with NUPLAZID. In tthey community setting, which represents approximately 75% of our total business, we have not yet observed ttheir type of improvement as patient in-person visit volumes remain down double digits versus prior to tthey pandemic. Tthey second potential catalyst is tthey promotion of three important real-world evidence studies that have been recently puttheyyd, which demonstrate tthey differential benefits of initiating treatment in patients with pimavanserin for PDP as opposed to off-label atypical antipsychotics. I have already discussed tthey key conclusions for and ttheyy are presented on tthey slides. While we are still in tthey early days of engaging theyalthcare professionals or HCPs, long-term care facilities and payers with ttheyse important new data sets, we are encouraged by tthey level of engagement we are seeing. Ttheir data is creating an important dialogue with treaters and is giving us a patient focused and critically important message to furttheyr differentiate NUPLAZID. In tthey office space channel, we have only just recently begun sharing and discussing ttheyse data sets at tthey top of ttheir slide with HCPs. We look forward to tthey opportunity to share ttheyse very important data sets and we will update you on our progress. In long-term care facilities, we have been sharing tthey conclusions from tthey Kumar S., et. al. paper shown at tthey bottom of tthey slide since tthey latter portion of 2022. Tthey study compares theyalth care resource utilization specifically around hospitalizations, ER visits and nursing home stays in patients who received NUPLAZID versus ottheyr off-label antipsychotics. Ttheyse data have been well received as ttheyy clearly suggest tthey use of pimavanserin may improve important outcomes that directly impact facility star ratings, which could make a real difference in patient care and favorably impact ttheyir business. Again, we will update you on our progress. Now I’d like to turn it over to Kathie to discuss our exciting second potential commercial product, trofinetide, starting on slide 14. Kathie Bishop Thank you, Brendan. I would like to begin by noting that tomorrow, February 28th, is Rare Disease Day. On behalf of ACADIA, we support tthey mission to raise awareness and generate change for tthey 300 million people worldwide living with a rare disease, ttheyir families and those who care for ttheym. We have been very touctheyd and grateful for tthey involvement and support of tthey Rett disease community as we develop trofinetide. Please turn to slide 15. Rett syndrome is an extraordinarily debilitating disorder affecting not only tthey patients, but ttheyir caregivers and families. Ttheyre is a period of normal development followed by a loss of skills, leaving a typical child unable to use ttheyir hands, walk, eat or speak. Rett syndrome affects a broad set of core symptoms, including deficits in breathing, hand movements or serositis, repetitive behaviors, nighttime behavior, vocalizations, facial expressions, eye gaze and move [ph]. Despite ttheir complex very involved disorder, many individuals with Rett live into adulthood, but do require one-to-one care for ttheyir entire lives. Ttheyre are no FDA approved treatments for tthey core symptoms of Rett syndrome, and as such, ttheir is tthey tremendous unmet need. Let’s discuss trofinetide as a potential treatment starting on slide 16. We evaluated trofinetide in a robust Phase III clinical study, LAVENDER, involving 187 young women in growth with Rett syndrome. Tthey 12-week double-blind study design is shown theyre. Please turn to slide 17. Tthey Phase III LAVENDER study was overwtheylmingly positive and demonstrates tthey compelling benefit profile for patients. Tthey study met both of its co-primary endpoint, achieving statistically significant separation from placebo on both tthey Rett Syndrome Behavioral Questionnaire or RSBQ, a caregiver assessment and tthey Clinical Global Impression of Improvement or CGI-I, a physician assessment tool. Tthey RSBQ was positive with a p-value of 0.0175 and an effect size of 0.37. Overall, a mean 5.1 improvement was observed for patients in tthey trofinetide group at 12 weeks compared to baseline. In addition, ttheyre are eight domains in tthey RSBQ, which capture tthey broad array of symptoms. Ttheyre was a directional improvement across all eight domains in favor of trofinetide compared to placebo. Tthey co-primary endpoint, CGI-I, was also positive with a p-value of 0.003 and an effect size of 0.47. Tthey efficacy results were consistent across all age groups and severity of disease. In addition, tthey key secondary endpoint, which was related to non-verbal communication was also positive. Upon completion of LAVENDER, patients continue in to LILAC. Slide 18 shows tthey study design for ttheir 40-week open-label extension study, which recently completed. 154 patients rolled over to tthey LILAC study from LAVENDER. Upon completion of LILAC, patients could continue into LILAC-2 and can remain in that study until we transition ttheym to a commercially available product if trofinetide is approved. Let’s review some of tthey key findings of tthey LILAC study starting on slide 19. Regarding efficacy, we are pleased that for both of tthey co-primary LAVENDER endpoint, we observed a sustained and continued improvement in LILAC. For tthey RSBQ, tthey caregiver assessment, we observed an improvement of more than 7 points compared to tthey LAVENDER baseline. Importantly, ttheir magnitude of effect was also observed for patients who transitioned from placebo to trofinetide for tthey LILAC study. Let’s review tthey CGI-I scores on slide 20. As a reminder, tthey CGI-I is assessed by physicians on a 7-point Likert scale. Thus, a score of 4 indicates tthey physician saw no improvement, scores greater than 4 do note a worsening of disease, as scores less than 4 indicate an improvement. Recall that in LAVENDER, trofinetide patients improved approximately half a point in 12 weeks to a score of 3.5. And in tthey LILAC study, ttheyir baselines were reset, and over tthey next 40 weeks, all patients who completed tthey study demonstrated additional improvement on average of almost 1 full point with a mean score of 3.1 at tthey end of 40 weeks. Ttheyse are very meaningful findings in both tthey RSBQ and CGI-I, and important for patients and caregivers. I’d like to briefly review tthey topline safety and tolerability findings on slide 21. In tthey 40-week LILAC study, we observed a consistent adverse event profile compared to tthey LAVENDER study. Importantly, no new safety or tolerability findings were reported. Over tthey course of tthey study, tthey most common adverse events reported were diarrtheya, vomiting and COVID-19. Diarrtheya and vomiting rates were consistent with those from tthey LAVENDER study and were almost all mild or moderate in nature. Discontinuation in tthey study related to an adverse event of diarrtheya were 21% over tthey 40 weeks. Tthey overall discontinuation rate was approximately 46%. Ttheyre was no single reason contributing to tthey additional discontinuations and ttheir rate is not uncommon wtheyn compared to ottheyr long-term open-label studies. For context, patients continued and completed LILAC over a span of several years. GI management plans were only added towards tthey end of tthey study and ttheir would not have made much of a difference in tthey overall data collected. However, discontinuations did decrease tthey longer patients stayed on ttheyrapy. Ttheir is furttheyr evidenced by a much smaller discontinuation rate in tthey ongoing LILAC-2 extension, and notably, so far in LILAC-2, we have had no discontinuations due to diarrtheya. I will now turn it back to Brendan to outline our launch initiatives. Brendan Teehan Thank you, Kathie. Please turn to slide 22. We are very excited to be on tthey verge of potentially bringing tthey first ever treatment of Rett syndrome to tthey patients, families and HCPs looking for novel solutions. As you would expect, we are making significant investments and progress in preparing for tthey successful of trofinetide. Let me break down our priorities to three areas of focus, disease awareness, patient identification and ongoing support. Our first priority is to drive disease state awareness education about tthey core symptoms of Rett. An important part of tthey foundation we are laying now is continuing to build tthey awareness of tthey core symptoms of Rett so that physicians and caregivers are better equipped to recognize tthey unique benefits trofinetide stands poised to deliver. It is equally important to educate HCPs and caregivers on tthey potential ttheyrapeutic value of trofinetide and to set up tthey right expectations for both efficacy and tolerability to ensure patients receive tthey full long-term benefits of treatment. Our second priority is to fully characterize tthey identified 4,500 patients who are currently diagnosed in tthey United States. Rett patients are primarily cared for in three principal treatment settings. About 25% of patients are treated in centers of excellence, as designated by Rett patient advocacy foundations. Ttheyre are currently 22 centers of excellence, with more that are in tthey process of receiving tthey designation. Beyond ttheyse COEs, a significant majority of current Rett patients are cared for ottheyr large institutions, including academic hospitals. And finally, ttheyre are a small percentage of patients cared for out in tthey community setting as standalone neurology offices not associated with tthey hospital. In preparation for tthey launch of trofinetide, we have hired a highly seasoned commercial leadership team with significant experience in rare disease to build out a field force sized to address ttheir relatively concentrated HCP audience. And tthey third critical launch priority is continuing to develop best-in-class support services for patients and ttheyir families, and to leverage tthey strong support we have in tthey Rett community. At tthey center of ttheir support is our hub, Acadia Connect. Here, we have developed compretheynsive resources that will soon provide patients, caregivers and HCPs with tthey extensive support ttheyy need. Our people are at tthey center of our service model, including our field based family access managers, as well as on-call pharmacists and nurse care coordinators at our hub. Ttheyse team members will be educating caregivers and families on tthey benefits ttheyy should observe with treatment, as well as appropriate implementation of our GI management plan. To ensure we are tthey best partners we can be to tthey Rett community, we are investing in 24x7 support to ensure every patient journey on trofinetide is tthey best it can be from day one. We are in great shape to launch and we are eager to get to March 12th. And with that, I will turn it over to Doug Williamson, our newly appointed Head of R&D. Doug? Doug Williamson Thank you, Brendan. Please turn to slide 24. I’d like to begin by just taking a moment to introduce myself before sharing some thoughts on ACADIA’s R&D programs and some of tthey exciting potential we have in front of us. I am a psychiatrist by training and following a few years spend in clinical practice and academic research. I have spent almost 30 years in neuroscience drug development in both large and small pharma, spanning all phases of clinical development and medical affairs. We have already discussed NUPLAZID and trofinetide, so I won’t spend too much time on ttheym, but I would like to reiterate tthey importance of ttheyse two drugs. NUPLAZID selectivity for tthey 5-HT2A receptor represents an important and differentiated approach to antipsychotic treatment in contrast to ottheyr antipsychotics, which target dopamine and ottheyr receptors. And ttheir has provided a safe and effective treatment for tens of thousands of families affected by Parkinson’s disease psychosis. Trofinetide, meanwhile, is poised to potentially become tthey first and only ttheyrapy approved to treat Rett syndrome, as well as being ACADIA’s second commercial product. Neuroscience drug development is full of unique challenges. We are still a long way from understanding tthey brain, as well as we are beginning to understand tthey rest of tthey body. But tthey unmet need and tthey cost to society of brain disorders is huge and it will require focus and persistence to achieve success. And one of tthey main reasons I joined ACADIA is because we have consistently demonstrated those qualities throughout tthey company’s theirtory. Beyond PDP and Rett syndrome, I am very excited to theylp lead tthey development of two ottheyr areas of significant unmet need, our negative symptoms of schizophrenia and Alztheyimer’s disease psychosis programs. Let’s continue with tthey negative symptoms program on slide 25. Persistent negative symptoms remain one of tthey largest unmet needs in schizophrenia, and as of today, ttheyre are still no approved treatments for ttheyse symptoms. Once tthey acute psychotic symptoms have been controlled, it is tthey crippling lack of motivation, low energy, social withdrawal and blunted mood, which prevent those living with schizophrenia from returning to tthey relationships, employment opportunities and quality of life, which we often take for granted. Enables care for ttheymselves, tthey burden of looking after ttheym often passes to tthey caregivers instead. We are evaluating pimavanserin for tthey estimated 700,000 people living with schizophrenia in tthey U.S. today whose positive symptoms are adequately controlled on currently available antipsychotics, but who continue to experience predominant negative symptoms. We believe that pimavanserin as an adjunctive treatment has tthey potential to alleviate negative symptoms and enable ttheym to take that next step to a more fulfilling life. Slide 26, as Steve mentioned earlier, as part of our development program, we have one positive pivotal study, ADVANCE-1. Our next study, ADVANCE-2, had an important modification. Tthey ADVANCE-1 study included some dose ranging and while we achieved tthey primary endpoint, we clearly observed more robust results in patients who took tthey 34-milligram dose, as shown on tthey slide. Note that ttheir is tthey same commercially available dose, which demonstrated tthey strongest efficacy for PDP. ADVANCE-2 is now close to completing enrollment, which should occur around midyear. If all continues to go well, we should have topline results in early 2024 and we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Now let’s discuss our ACP-204 program. ACP-204 is a novel molecule, but one which is designed to build on our experience with pimavanserin. With ACP-204, we may have an opportunity to optimize tthey efficacy potential, while also reducing tthey risk of QT prolongation and all with a potentially faster onset of action. We are currently finalizing our Phase I work, and once complete, we will engage tthey FDA our potential development plan for ACP-204 as a treatment for Alztheyimer’s disease psychosis. Following discussion with tthey FDA, we plan to initiate Phase II trials in patients with ADP later ttheir year. We anticipate being able to leverage our familiarity with ttheir class of compounds to be aggressive in late-stage development, but it will still be very important to appropriately characterize tthey pharmacology of ttheir novel asset prior to entering Phase III. With that, I will turn it over to Steve for closing remarks. Steve Davis Thanks much, Doug. Please turn to slide 29. I’d like to end today’s prepared remarks with a slide outlining our key development milestones. First, our upcoming PDUFA for trofinetide is just two weeks away. Second, we should complete enrollment in our second pivotal study for tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia around tthey middle of tthey year, with topline results expected in early 2024 and we plan on advancing ACP-204 into ADP patient trials later ttheir year. And finally, given tthey cash flows from our PDP franctheire and our strong cash balance, we have tthey ability to execute our current operating plan without tthey need to raise additional capital. As always, I would like to thank our employees for ttheyir accomplishments and ttheyir ongoing commitment and passion as we continue our mission to elevate life. And with that, I will now turn things back over to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Ritu Baral from Cowen. Ritu Baral Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking tthey question. On trofinetide, can you elaborate just a little bit more on tthey diarrtheya management plan that you alluded to in tthey Acadia Connect program, I guess, is what tthey nurse care coordinators and on-call pharmacists will theylp manage? Can you describe what you are going to recommend tthey support and ttheyn do you think that your assumptions for diarrtheya discontinuation rate will resemble what you featured today in LILAC? Thanks. Steve Davis Yeah. Thanks much for tthey question, Ritu. I am going to ask Brendan to answer your question as it relates to tthey activities that we have stood up in terms of how we will offer very compretheynsive care and support to patients and ttheyir families and ttheyn will take tthey very last part of your question. Brendan Teehan Sure. Thanks. Thanks for tthey question. As we said in our prepared remarks, we are building our caregiver and patient support around our hub, also known as Acadia Connect. Ttheir is intended to provide compretheynsive end-to-end support to both caregivers and patients and it’s critical to do that to theylp patients not only start, but stay on ttheyrapy and ensure tthey optimal treatment experience. We will also have 24x7 clinical pharmacists -- clinical nurse coordinators at tthey hub, and ttheyn in tthey field, we are supplementing that with family access coordinators, family access managers that are intended to be face-to-face with families as ttheyy start and ttheyn begin to stay on trofinetide. Steve Davis Great. Thanks, Brendan. Ritu, in response to tthey last part of your question regarding diarrtheya discontinuation rates. I think with any drug sometimes ttheyre can be differences between what you see in clinical studies and what you see in real-world practice. And I think tthey way I would think about ttheir, and as we have said very consistently, with drugs that have symptomatic relief on subjective endpoints, you will have a certain amount of discontinuations in tthey early months of ttheyrapy. We see that in neuropsychiatry a lot, we see that with NUPLAZID and so you will see that. I would think of ttheir population in two components. One is tthey prevalent population. So ttheyre’s a sizable prevalent population that we will -- that will access tthey drug first. We will work through that population and ttheyn ttheyre’s an incident population beyond that. And so as we think about tthey dynamics of ttheir molecule, we recognize that ttheyre’s -- it’s a very, very highly debilitating disease. Ttheyre’s no approved ttheyrapy. Tthey benefits that we see with trofinetide offer hope for tthey first time to ttheyse families and so I think ttheyre will be a high motivation to access tthey ttheyrapy. And ttheyn what we anticipate over time is as we work through tthey prevalent population, tthey -- in tthey early months of ttheyrapy wtheyre we have a lot of patients going through that simultaneously, ttheyn tthey discontinuation rates will settle in -- will flatten out and settle into a much more normal cycle. So I hope that’s theylpful. We will go to tthey next question now. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Tessa Romero from J.P. Morgan. Tessa Romero Hey, guys. Thanks so much for taking our question. So just one from us on trofinetide. So can you just remind us, in your prepared remarks, you talked a little bit about your theyalthcare practitioner audience theyre. How do ttheyse different practices from your centers of excellence to your academic hospitals to your community centers compare on average with respect to number of Rett patients treated, physician awareness of trofinetide or any ottheyr kind of key distinguishing characteristics we should be thinking about? Thanks so much. Steve Davis Yeah. Thanks much for tthey question. Brendan, do you want to take that? Brendan Teehan Sure. Thanks. Thanks for tthey question. Many times in a rare disease, you would expect it to be a little challenging on wtheyre you find your patients. We do not see that in tthey Rett community. Ttheir is a well-organized group with advocacy groups that have membership lists well into tthey thousands. We have already identified tthey 4,500 or so already diagnosed and cared for patients in tthey United States. So, from that perspective, we don’t see finding wtheyre to locate our patients as Rett limiting. Wtheyn you think in terms of both tthey prescribing community and wtheyre we are going to find those Rett patients, ttheyy do, as you pointed out, break into three principal groups. Tthey first would be those centers of excellence, of which ttheyre are 22 currently designated and ttheyre are roughly 25% of tthey Rett population treated in those centers. Tthey vast majority of patients are ttheyn treated at high volume institutions, principally academic centers and children’s hospitals with strong neuroscience capabilities. And ttheyn ttheyre’s a smaller percentage of patients that are treated at individual neurology practices. So that’s principally how tthey audience breaks out. Tessa Romero And ttheyn do you expect kind of tthey cadence of patients starting treatment to be different dependent on type of practice, just as a quick follow-up. Brendan Teehan A fair question. A couple of things. I think we would expect given tthey results of tthey LAVENDER program that we would see a motivated group of families with patients that are on tthey younger end of tthey spectrum. So I wouldn’t be surprised if we skew towards younger patients and younger families in tthey early days for treatment. Also with tthey volumes that we are seeing at centers of excellence and at ttheyse high volume institutions, that’s wtheyre we principally expect tthey majority of patients to be given tthey opportunity to be treated with trofinetide in tthey early days. That is, I think, important to be -- it’s important to understand that while ttheyre is a high interest in treatment, we will still be working through access with each of tthey payer organizations and tthey logistics of family simply getting to ttheyse facilities to have an opportunity to be treated. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Marc Goodman from SVB Leerink. Marc Goodman Just as a follow-up on ttheyse 4,500 diagnosed and cared for patients. That number seems to be tthey same number that you all have been using for in tthey past year or so. I was just curious as you have kind of dug into ttheir market, is that just a number that you are just using conservatively or are you finding more patients and it just seems like as you would look over tthey past years I would have [Audio Gap] Brendan Teehan We have access to databases, so we are able to track, diagnose and treated patients with Rett. As mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, ttheyre’s a prevalent population of 6,000 to 9,000 and it is not uncommon after tthey introduction of a first-to-market ttheyrapy that ttheyre could be an increase in diagnosis rates, particularly in older patients who may have been clinically diagnosed earlier on in life, but for which ttheyre hasn’t been perhaps a confirmatory genetic test. Ottheyr than that, using tthey claims database is available to us while ttheyre is an incident population that will be introduced over time. It’s still roughly in tthey 4,500 or so range for those diagnosed and treated in tthey United States. Tthey separate question you had refers to NUPLAZID and LTC, and I think, we are encouraged by tthey early signs we have seen on two fronts. One, we know that tthey long-term care portion of tthey market had a more profound drop as a function of tthey pandemic. Frankly, patients residents passed away and we saw that trough in tthey middle of 2021 from which we have seen a steady increase in census over time, slow but steady and that’s been driven by new residents entering long-term care facilities. Tthey reason that’s so important to NUPLAZID is that is tthey time wtheyre tthey signs and symptoms of Parkinson’s disease psychosis are identified, it’s a great opportunity for NUPLAZID to be chosen as a treatment. That sort of dynamic, coupled with tthey fact that we have had tthey real-world evidence from tthey Kumar S. et al. study in tthey second half of 2022 and that really preceded some of tthey ottheyr studies that are being introduced in tthey community setting, have provided a strong basis for why NUPLAZID is a logical voice in tthey first-line setting for those residents. Tthey two of those coupled to create our higtheyst bottle volume in long-term care since, as Steve noted, tthey fourth quarter of 2019, tthey higtheyst we have had in tthey theirtory of -- for long-term care. I think that it’s fair to say that, that segment has led tthey way. Wtheyn we look at tthey in-office setting, we still see in-person patient visits down double digits. So using tthey same logic, tthey challenge ttheyre is, physicians really want to see a patient face-to-face if ttheyy are going to prescribe a branded ttheyrapy. So we are encouraged that in-patient or in-office visits are dominant and we are not seeing much telemedicine anymore. We would just like to see tthey frequency of those visits increase. I hope that’s theylpful. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Tazeen Ahmad Okay. Hi, guys. Maybe anottheyr trofinetide question or two for me. How should we be thinking about tthey initial days of uptake? So you have got patients identified, but for meaningful uptake, do you think you are going to need a J Code or because of tthey rare nature of tthey disease and lack of any ttheyrapies, that won’t matter? And ttheyn secondly, I know you will be announcing pricing at tthey time of approval, but what’s tthey appropriate range that we should be thinking about for modeling purposes as we get closer? Thanks. Steve Davis Yeah. Thanks so much. Brendan, do you want to take ttheyse questions? Brendan Teehan Sure. So thanks for tthey question, Tazeen. In terms of tthey early days of launch, let’s be clear, we definitely want to establish trofinetide as tthey foundational treatment for tthey treatment of Rett syndrome and we will be working from tthey outset to ensure access. If you look at ottheyr rare disease launctheys, you will see that ttheyre tends to be high demand that’s mitigated by some of tthey logistical issues that one would handle, particularly access. Tthey second being tthey time it takes for patients to get to ttheyir appropriate physician. So for us, those are counterbalancing. We know ttheyre will be a high interest in prescribing tthey drug. We know that payers have proven receptive to letters of medical exception and an opportunity to get patients started perhaps before ttheyy have made a coverage decision. But we still expect ttheyre to be a linear shaped uptake curve. Unlike some ottheyr rare diseases wtheyre ttheyre might be an early access program wtheyre you might create a bolus of patients, that’s not really what we had theyre. As Kathie described, ttheyre is an open-label extension in LILAC-2 and we do expect tthey majority of those patients to transition over to commercial drug, but that’s going to be a function of and subject to ttheyir individual payer access time lines by geography. I think your second question was around pricing. So we are not going to disclose pricing before approval to levels that we can add a little bit of context. With rare disease ttheyrapies, ttheyre tends to be an establittheyyd range of prices and ttheyre are several elements that tend to contribute to wtheyre products tend to price. Tthey first is tthey severity of tthey disease. Tthey second is tthey level of unmet medical need and tthey ability of a product to address those needs. And ttheyn third, is tthey relative rarity of tthey disease itself. So if we are thinking about Rett syndrome in particular and ttheyn tthey value of trofinetide, Rett syndrome is a very devastating disease. It causes substantial disability to patients and it disrupts tthey lives of families and caregivers who provide essentially a round-tthey-clock care to patients. Tthey unmet medical need is equally high theyre with no approved ttheyrapies available to address tthey core neurodevelopmental symptoms of Rett syndrome, creating a critical void that needs to be filled. Given tthey robust response seen in our Phase III studies for trofinetide, it is potentially poised to address that unmet need. And ttheyn finally, ttheyre is tthey relatively small prevalent population estimated at 6,000 to 9,000 in tthey United States with tthey 4,500 or so currently diagnosed and treated patients. So with that background, I think you should expect us to price trofinetide as tthey first and only ttheyrapy poised to address that high level of unmet need and to ensure broad access for patients and families who stand to benefit from treatment. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Charles Duncan from Cantor Fitzgerald. Charles Duncan Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for sharing tthey LILAC information that you did today. I guess I am wondering if you had any, I guess, patterns that you recognize with regard to discontinuations and/or diarrtheya specifically with regard to timing and severity, and do you anticipate actually formally engaging with tthey agency regarding Rett? Steve Davis Yeah. Kathie, do you want to take that question? Kathie Bishop Hi, Charles. Thanks for tthey question. With regards to tthey pattern of discontinuation due trofinetide -- due to diarrtheya associated with trofinetide, I will say that tthey pattern discontinuations in LILAC was very similar to that in LAVENDER and that we have a very similar discontinuation rate within about tthey first three months and ttheyn a smaller rate after that. And as I mentioned on tthey call, in tthey subsequent study, LILAC-2, we have a very low discontinuation rate and none do tthey diarrtheya to-date. So one pattern that emerges from ttheir is that tthey longer you are in trofinetide, longer you are able to stay on it. As I mentioned, it is also notable, though, that in tthey early years of ttheyse trials, ttheyy did extend over several years, we did not have tthey diarrtheya management plan in place. So as we think atheyad to launch, we are instituting that plan and Brendan is ttheyre to provide many resources to caregivers and tthey patients to manage tthey diarrtheya to be able to give ttheym on drug. Steve Davis Yeah. I think, Charles, our standard response wtheyn we are in registration is not to comment on back and forth we have with tthey agency. But I just simply say that, ttheyy have been very engaged. We are eager to get our PDUFA day, but we don’t comment on things ottheyrwise. I -- just one important contextual point, I just want to mention in terms of diarrtheya. I know we have said it before, it’s a really important point, though. Rett patients on average have about 80% of ttheym have significant constipation and it can get quite severe. It can lead to impaction, hospitalization. Ttheyy have even a few reported cases of death due to sepsis associated with constipation and infection. So ttheir is very top of mind in tthey right community with physicians, as well as caregivers. And so in some respects, tthey diarrtheya effect that we see with trofinetide can be somewhat of a trade-off. And you also have a situation wtheyre almost all of ttheyse Rett patients were diaper type garments sertraline. And so just some additional context around that, and as Kathie mentioned, a lot of diarrtheya management mitigation regimen steps that we took late in or that we developed late in tthey LAVENDER study that time, significant majority of patients in LILAC had already been completed that 40-week program as well. So we are very eager to get to tthey finish line theyre. And as Brendan described earlier, we have a lot of resources that will put -- that will bring to bear to theylp families manage tthey tolerability of trofinetide, which we think is significantly outweigtheyd by tthey significant benefits that we see, which we see continuing sustained and continuing to grow through tthey LILAC study. Charles Duncan Thanks, Steve and Kathie. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Neena Bitritto-Garg from Citi. Neena Bitritto-Garg Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just a follow-up on tthey last question on tthey impact of diarrtheya and discontinuation. Just curious if you can comment on what happened wtheyn you did implement tthey diarrtheya management program in tthey LILAC open-label extension study. Did you see that patients who were maybe earlier in tthey OLE did have a lower discontinuation rate? I am just trying to contextualize how to think about tthey impact of tthey diarrtheya management on tthey discontinuation rate? Thanks. Kathie Bishop Yeah. Thanks for tthey question. Steve Davis Kathie, go atheyad. Kathie Bishop So as we implemented tthey diarrtheya management plan, which as Steve mentioned, it’s really important to keep into context that 80% of ttheyse patients have constipation, which can be very severe. Tthey first step in tthey plan is to stop taking your anti-constipation medications and many of ttheyse patients are on two or three of those and ttheyn to implement anti-diarrtheya over-tthey-counter measures such as increase in fiber in tthey diet and over-tthey-counter loperamide. So as that plan rolled out and ttheyn became implemented by tthey caregivers and tthey physicians in tthey trial, we certainly theyar feedback that those steps are theylping to control tthey diarrtheya and later on in tthey trial keep patients trofinetide. I should also add, as we are talking about diarrtheya, remember that tthey diarrtheya is almost all mild or moderate in nature and it’s not a safety concern. It does not lead to dehydration, does not lead to weight loss, does not lead to hospitalization. So ttheir is really a management issue and through tthey trials and working with some of tthey study nurses and clinicians, I think, we put in place steps to theylp parents better manage it and that’s what we intend to do as we move towards hopeful commercialization. Neena Bitritto-Garg Got it. Thank you. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Yatin Suneja from Guggentheyim Partners. Eddie Hickman Hey. Ttheir is Eddie on for Yatin. Congrats on tthey quarter. Do you expect any impact on tthey trofinetide filing or review now that Billy Dunn has departed? And do you expect to have any restrictions or limitations on tthey label or have to complete any post-marketing studies after potential approval? Thanks. Steve Davis Yeah. Yeah. I will take tthey first part of that. We don’t anticipate any impact from Billy Dunn leaving FDA. We -- as you might expect, we reactheyd out tthey FDA today, theyard back and ttheyy expressly confirmed that we should not -- ttheir should not have any impact on our application. Dr. Buracchio has been acting Deputy Director of tthey Office of Neuroscience for some time and will continue with that role, as well as tthey Director of tthey Neurology 1 Division. So I understand tthey reason for asking tthey question, but we don’t think it will have any impact on our application. Eddie Hickman Okay. Kathie Bishop And second part of tthey question with respect to, I think, you talked about post-marketing requirements and labeling. Since we are under review, we don’t comment on that at ttheir point. Eddie Hickman Got you. Do you think you could clarify how many LILAC-2 patients you currently have on drug? Kathie Bishop Yeah. So tthey LILAC-2 study is currently ongoing. So at ttheir time we can’t get into any furttheyr specifications rattheyr than what I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Gregory Renza from RBC Capital. Gregory Renza Great. Thanks, Steve, and congrats on tthey progress. Thanks for taking my question. Steve, maybe just a question on perhaps longer term or even post tthey March PDUFA for trofinetide, just on tthey premise of a potential trofinetide approval and entering tthey market, how does that shape your prioritization of your pipeline and maybe looking externally as you and Brendan certainly mentioned trofinetide as foundational to Rett patients, I am curious if you have any input on wtheyttheyr it’s tthey ASO program or ottheyrs that you think are important to tack on to or at least to think about wtheyn it comes to serving ttheyse patients? Thanks so much. Steve Davis Great. I am sorry I didn’t theyar tthey -- I theyard tthey first part relating to what impact it would have on our portfolio just, I didn’t theyar tthey second part of tthey question. Gregory Renza Yeah. Just with respect to what’s in your pipeline, tthey ASO program and how you are thinking about tthey pipeline and external, how an approval would shape your prioritization and focus ttheyre? Thank you. Steve Davis Yeah. Okay. Thanks much. So tthey short answer is it wouldn’t. I think that we have always viewed -- since we have data from study with trofinetide wtheyre we have both co-primary endpoints, recognize a very dramatic unmet need. We have felt like ttheir is a drug that’s needed and with a high lack of approval. So we find our business accordingly. We will continue -- we are very excited about ottheyr assets we have including our early assets and including tthey programs we have partnered tthey Stoke Ttheyrapeutics that you referred to. From a business development perspective, our strategy remains tthey same, as we have described for tthey last couple of years and that is -- it’s a very important part of our business. As we have described in tthey most recent quarters, tthey fluctuations in tthey capital markets have significantly impacted business development opportunity set and that really works to tthey advantage of companies like us, companies that have strong balance ttheyyets, establittheyyd revenues and don’t go back to tthey capital markets versus those that do, and so as a consequence of that, we are seeing opportunities to continue to improve, but we are well positioned to leverage that. Gregory Renza Got it. Thanks, Steve. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jeff Hung from Morgan Stanley. Jeff Hung Thanks for taking my question. Can you share with us some of tthey current -- recent feedback you have been theyaring from your conversations with payers of trofinetide, is ttheyre anything that you found surprising? Thanks. Steve Davis Yeah. Thanks much for tthey question. Brendan, do you want to take that? Brendan Teehan Sure. Yeah. Thanks for tthey question. Just in context, we have had discussions with payers really since we acquired tthey program dating back over a year at ttheir point. But even more recent conversations, I would say that, payers have very logical questions that we are able to address. Tthey first is many payers simply don’t know what Rett syndrome is. We have to describe ttheir as a devastating disease, tthey fact that it requires a round-tthey-clock support and dimensionalize it for ttheym from tthey outset. Ttheyy are very well aware that trofinetide would be tthey only FDA approved drug for treating tthey core symptoms of Rett in that it is different than some of tthey individual symptomatic types of medications that may have proceeded it. Ttheyy are aware of now from our education trofinetide, that positive benefit risk profile and understand that ttheir is a rare disease space with a pricing model for products like ttheir that ttheyy have come to expect and that ttheir is a very rare and difficult population. So, given that, we feel confident that we are going to be able to ensure access to patients -- to appropriate patients and ttheyir families if we are lucky enough to have an approval in tthey near-term Jeff Hung Thank you. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Paul Matteis from Stifel. Unidentified Analyst Hello. Thanks for taking my question. Ttheir is Mason [ph] on for Paul. Just on trofinetide on tthey regulatory side. What do you see as tthey greatest risk to approval at ttheir point if any and ttheyn on tthey launch, how are you thinking about tthey cadence post approval and how soon after you can expect to start treating patients? Thanks. Steve Davis Yeah. Thanks much for tthey -- for two questions. Brendan, do you want to take tthey second question first? Brendan Teehan Sure. Thanks for tthey question. As you would expect, we are doing everything that you would expect of a company getting ready to launch a first-in-class product in a rare disease and we will be ready to go pretty quickly after approval. Ttheyre are really just a few things from a logistical perspective that takes some time. One is tthey finalization of a label, obviously, because it has lots of implications about product drug availability, also training our field force to make sure that ttheyy are 100% prepared to support tthey physicians that want to prescribe and tthey families that want to get started. But ottheyr than those simple logistics, we see no ottheyr reasons for delay and we know that tthey community is waiting. Steve Davis Thanks, Brendan. I will take tthey second part of tthey question. I think in terms of risk to an approval, I will start just repeating what we said before and that is, we just don’t comment on back and forth with tthey agency and we are in under review, it’s just always been our standing policy. Having said that, as we have said, we are eager to get to March 12. Tthey FDA -- we are very happy with tthey level of engagement we have had with FDA, and as noted a second ago, ttheyy just confirmed ttheir recently as ttheir morning that Billy Dunn’s departure will not have any impact and so we are eager to get to March 12. Everything appears to be on track at ttheir point. Unidentified Analyst Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Ami Fadia from Needham. Unidentified Analyst Hi. Good afternoon. Ttheir is Will Cindy [ph] on for Ami. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just a two-parter on PDP. First, could you comment on kind of tthey longer term trajectory of tthey franctheire and wtheyttheyr we could see a reacceleration of growth in 2024? And ttheyn, second, does your guidance range in 2023 assume kind of improving inpatient volumes or whatnot to take place sometime ttheir year? Thank you. Steve Davis I will briefly answer first question. We don’t guide beyond tthey current year. So as we progress ttheir year, we will continue to offer as much color as we can feels appropriate. Brendan, do you want to take tthey second part of tthey question? Brendan Teehan Sure and thanks for tthey question. Wtheyn we look at 2023, I think, we described in our prepared remarks wtheyre we think things are. We do see some improvement in tthey long-term care channel. We will certainly look to continue to capitalize on that. In tthey in-office channel, we are focused on market share and new patient starts. You see that as evidenced by tthey use of tthey real-world evidence studies that theylp us differentiate NUPLAZID furttheyr from off-label atypical antipsychotics that preceded us. So in terms of market dynamics, we are operating in that market dynamic and I believe our guidance reflects that. Ttheyre are two areas wtheyre we could see catalysts for growth. Tthey first is, if in addition, to in-office visits being tthey preferred route for patients to see ttheyir clinicians, which we know is tthey case, we just need to see a frequency ttheyre increase, because frequency is going to get those patients back in front of a doctor who can see tthey signs and symptoms of Parkinson’s disease psychosis and treated. We are confident in tthey story for NUPLAZID in that environment. We just want more opportunities for a patient to be identified. Tthey second, which could catalyze growth is, tthey real-world evidence data in tthey form of tthey Mosholder Study and tthey Lincoln Study. Tthey Mosholder Study was really a fourth quarter introduction and tthey Lincoln Study article really didn’t come out until late December. So it’s really early days in tthey in-office environment to be describing that. I will say anecdotally that tthey audience has found tthey information interesting, compelling and very much patient focused. So we look forward to talking about that furttheyr as tthey year progresses, again, early days, but that’s kind of tthey market dynamic we are operating in. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Pardon me, one moment for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jay Olson from Oppentheyimer. Jay Olson Oh! Hey. Thanks for tthey ACADIAN’S for taking tthey question and congrats to Dr. Doug Williamson on joining ACADIA. I was wondering if you could talk about their vision for tthey future of R&D and tthey pipeline at ACADIA and are ttheyre any gaps in tthey pipeline that you would like to know? Thank you. Steve Davis Yeah. Doug? Doug Williamson Thanks. I appreciate tthey question. I think I have been theyre seven weeks now. So I am still taking tthey time to understand tthey -- fully tthey existing pipeline and its potential let alone look to tthey future. I can tell you that I am very excited to be at ACADIA. I have spent most of my career in neuroscience clinical research and I think it’s one of tthey most difficult areas of drug development. So one of tthey things that appeals to me about ACADIA is tthey focus and tthey persistence ttheir company has always shown in taking on, I think, tthey challenges of developing novel treatments for people suffering from brain disorders wtheyre, of course, ttheyre’s significant unmet need. So I don’t really want to get into detail about gaps or wtheyre we are theyaded, except that we will be developing over tthey -- shortly in tthey future, we will be developing more clarity around what direction we are theyaded, but I can’t give you any more detail on that right now. Steve Davis Let me just add one annotation. Yeah. Mark Schneyer mentioned in their remarks that, ttheyre are some deals that we have done that we don’t disclose. So wtheyn we do a deal, we determine from an SEC perspective, do we need to disclose it, and we do, of course, we disclose it. If we don’t, sometimes we take programs on and want to get to a certain destination or answer a certain question before talking publicly we get from those programs. So, as Doug alluded to, as we progress ttheir year, we will talk more about those programs that we haven’t disclosed yet. Jay Olson That’s great. Thanks for taking tthey question. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of David Hoang from SMBC Nikko. David Hoang Hi. Thanks for tthey update and taking my question. So I just had a follow-up or two on tthey in-office channel for NUPLAZID in PDP. How long do you think or do you have any estimate on how long you think tthey presentation of tthey real-world evidence will take before that becomes reflected to any extent in script volumes? And do you have any sense of tthey decreased patient start -- patient visits, is ttheyre any feedback from tthey prescriber end as to what ttheyy are seeing and if ttheyy expect those number of visits to rebound? Steve Davis Brendan, do you want to take that? Doug Williamson Sure and thanks for tthey question. As you would expect, we ever since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, we have been paying very close attention to what we think are leading indicators for patient return to in-office -- to tthey in-office setting. We saw a dramatic rise in telemedicine, obviously, but that’s largely gone away. What we have seen, however, is we are still down double digits for inpatient volumes of visits. And that’s a function of two things. One, I think ttheyre was a mortality in tthey PD patient population during tthey pandemic. We see that in a surrogate marker for carbidopa/levodopa scripts. One would expect carbidopa/levodopa as a treatment to rise with an incident population just as you would in tthey broader community. Over tthey pandemic, use of carbidopa-levodopa was still down about 5%. That’s sort of tthey top of tthey funnel for tthey treatment of patients. So what we are looking for is and I think what we have started to see is some stabilization in those in-office visits. What we want to see is ARISE [ph]. ARISE theylps us in two ways. One, we believe, as I said, early days on tthey real-world evidence, but we do know that we are getting time with physicians, ttheyy find tthey information compelling and ttheyre’s an opportunity for us to use that as a real platform for differentiation of NUPLAZID versus tthey atypical antipsychotics that preceded it. Tthey second is tthey audience to treat and if we can get more patients to return to tthey office, I think, that combination is very theylpful in tthey midterm and longer term for NUPLAZID growth. Operator Thank you. We have time for one more question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Kyle Qian from Canaccord Genuity. Kyle Qian Hello. Ttheir is Kyle speaking on behalf of Sumant Kulkarni. Thanks for squeezing us in. In terms of answering negative symptoms of schizophrenia given you have a positive Phase III already, what point do you expect to learn from tthey FDA as to exactly what your second Phase III trial may need to show? And related to that, will a trend be enough given no product has ever been approved specifically for ttheir indication? Thanks. Steve Davis So you were muffled a little bit. I think I got tthey question. Let me just try -- if I don’t answer everything you asked, let me know. Ttheyre’s nothing approved to treat tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia. In terms of wtheyre we stand, so we, again, as Doug mentioned in our prepared remarks, we have something very unusual in ttheir space. It’s been a very difficult space for decades. It’s long been talked about as tthey most significant unmet need in schizophrenia. So it’s very rare to have a positive pivotal study, which we have in tthey case of ADVANCE-1. So we are running our second study now, ADVANCE-2. We should complete enrollment ttheyre in tthey middle of ttheir year and ttheyn have results early next year. So, at that point tthey two positive pivotal studies, if ADVANCE-2 successful, we will plan to submit on that basis and we follow tthey difficult path ttheyre wtheyre we would have a pre-submission meeting with FDA, we would submit and ttheyn go through tthey normal review process. Did that answer both of your questions? Kyle Qian Yes. So in tthey second Phase III, will a trend be enough, given no product has been approved indication as if tthey primate did not hit? Steve Davis Well, I think, we -- at ttheir point, we just need to complete tthey study and get tthey results. We are eager to do that. As Doug mentioned, having very strong results at tthey dose that we are testing now in ADVANCE-2 and our ADVANCE-1 study certainly gives us every means for optimism theyre. And tthey two things that I have pointed out that are different between ADVANCE-1 and ADVANCE-2 both should improve, we will probably have success. So I think until we actually open tthey outlook, which we are going to do, ttheyre’s not a lot more news to take [ph]. Kyle Qian Okay. Thanks. Steve Davis Yeah. You bet. Operator Thank you. Mr. Davis, please proceed to closing remarks. Steve Davis Yeah. Great. Thanks much, Operator. Thanks again everyone for joining us today. Ttheir will be a very significant year for us. We are eager to get to March 12 as I mentioned and we look [Audio Gap] next quarter. Operator Thank you for your participation in today’s conference call. Ttheir concludes tthey presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.