ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) 39th Raymondual JPMorgan Healthcare Conference January 12, 2021 2:00 PM ET Company Participants Steptheyn Davis - CEO Serge Stankovic - President Michael Yang - EVP and Chief Commercial Officer Elena Ridloff - EVP and CFO Conference Call Participants Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan Cory Kasimov All right. Good afternoon, or good morning from tthey Virtual JPMorgan Healthcare Conference. My name is Cory Kasimov. I'm tthey senior large-cap biotech analyst. And it's my pleasure to introduce our next company, Acadia Pharmaceuticals and CEO, Steve Davis. Please note that following ttheir presentation, we will have a Q&A session, wtheyre you have tthey ability to submit questions via tthey little blue toggle button in your conference portal.  So with that, Steve, thanks for being theyre today. And let me turn things over to you. Steptheyn Davis  Great. Thanks so much, Cory. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'm Steve Davis, CEO of Acadia Pharmaceuticals.  Just a brief reminder, that tthey business of pharmaceutical development and commercialization has certain intheyrent risks. So please refer to Slide 2 of ttheir presentation and a copy of our most recent SEC filings for a description of those risks as ttheyy relate to our business.  I'd like to start by reminding everyone why we do what we do at Acadia? What you see on Slide 3 are tthey faces of patients and ttheyir families and ttheyir caregivers that we strive to theylp every day. If 2020 has taught us anything it’s tthey importance of ctheyrishing every moment with our loved ones. And at Acadia, that is reflected in our mission to elevate life. Tthey people you see on ttheir slide represent tthey individuals to whom we owe our very best and tthey people who have tthey most to gain as we fulfil our mission. Please turn to Slide 4. In order to deliver on our mission, we're focused on three strategic pillars: one is to drive growth in NUPLAZID; two is to deliver tthey new dementia-related psychosis or DRP opportunity; and three is to develop tthey next wave of breakthroughs in tthey field of neuroscience. Slide 5 is an illustration of how we view our business. Tthey significant potential of pimavanserin, combined with our innovative pipeline, will drive meaningful long-term growth. Tthey foundation we're building upon* is our continued growth in PDP. For 2020, we expect net sales to be between $430 million and $450 million, and we will continue to drive significant future growth in PDP alone.  We're on tthey cusp of a potential approval in DRP, which represents a much larger market opportunity. It's about 10 times tthey size of PDP. NUPLAZID could be tthey first and only approved treatment for DRP, and it would certainly represent a true breakthrough for patients and ttheyir families. We're focused on developing and expanding a pipeline of innovative new programs, our Phase 3 program for Trofinetide in Rett syndrome is advancing, and we have top line results coming in tthey second-half of ttheir year in that program.  Our Phase 3 program for pimavanserin in tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia was initiated last year. And in addition, we have two exciting programs that we added in 2020. Tthey first is a novel first-in-class, non-opioid pain program, entering Phase 2 and an innovative and differentiated muscarinic receptor program in Phase 1. As we look forward, business development continues to be a key priority for our strategy. And with a strong balance ttheyyet, we're well capitalized to advance and expand our pipeline.  Let's turn to our first pillar to dive a little deeper on Slide 7. In 2020, we expect to increase net sales of NUPLAZID by 30% year-over-year, delivering consistent linear growth since launch, and we expect ttheir to continue in PDP. Tthey FDA just recently approved a label update to allow NUPLAZID capsule to be sprinkled on certain foods and liquids. Ttheir is an important feature for patients who may have difficulty swallowing, or due to ttheyir psychosis may be reluctant to take ttheyir medications. As we look forward, we see furttheyr growth in PDP from more and more physicians gaining experience with tthey product, establishing a higtheyr and higtheyr share of new patients taking NUPLAZID which continues to drive tthey overall market share growth and growing clinical evidence supporting tthey use of NUPLAZID, including presentation of a recent study highlighting its long-term safety.  Let's discuss ttheir last point on Slide 8. Additional analysis according to pimavanserin’s differentiated safety profile was presented recently at tthey International Parkinson's and Movement Disorders Society Virtual Congress. Tthey authors included members of tthey FDA, CMS in Stanford University, and ttheyir poster described a retrospective cohort study conducted in Medicare Parkinson's patients treated with eittheyr pimavanserin or a group of atypical antipsychotics, primarily quetiapine.  Ttheyy concluded that pimavanserin treatment was associated with a reduced all-cause mortality compared to treatment with a typical antipsychotics as shown in ttheir Kaplan-Meier survival curve. Now, I'd like to discuss tthey opportunity for pimavanserin in dementia-related psychosis, tthey second pillar of our strategy starting on Slide 10. Tthey symptoms of psychosis, hallucinations and delusions are common in dementia and carry significant burden. Patients often experience hallucinations and delusions two to six times a week, and ttheyse symptoms can progress and typically get worse over time. Psychosis in dementia patients is also associated with higtheyr risk of cognitive decline with institutionalization, morbidity or mortality. Tthey cost to tthey overall theyalthcare system are high. For example, tthey average cost for a newly diagnosed DRP patient compared to a dementia patient without psychosis nearly doubles, reaching almost $90,000, during tthey first year with psychosis relative to tthey prior year wtheyre ttheyy did not have psychosis. And psychosis is a leading reason why dementia patients go to a nursing home or are hospitalized. Unfortunately, with no approved treatments today, tthey off-label options carry significant risks for ttheir often frail and tthey elderly patient population, including worsening of cognition, worsening of motor function, increased sedation and increased mortality. Turning to Slide 11, pimavanserin has tthey potential to be tthey first treatment approved for DRP. And I'm pleased to report that our sNDA submission is progressing well and as we would expect at ttheir point in tthey review cycle. Pimavanserin selective serotonergic mechanism is highly differentiated. It's unlike any ottheyr anti-psychotic on tthey market. And as I mentioned, tthey DRP market opportunity is very large, and approximately two-thirds of tthey 1.2 million patients treated for DRP today are treated with off-label atypical antipsychotics, which as I mentioned, carry significant disease burden or side effect burden. Our sNDA is supported by strong and robust efficacy data. Pimavanserin demonstrated an almost three-fold reduction in risk of relapse of psychosis in our pivotal HARMONY study. Our sNDA also includes positive results from two supportive efficacy studies, a positive Phase 2 study in Alztheyimer's disease psychosis and positive data from our pivotal Phase 3 study in Parkinson's disease psychosis in patients with dementia. Our sNDA is also supported by strong safety data. Pimavanserin is well tolerated and notably exhibited no worsening of cognition, no worsening of motor function, and no increase in sedation. As we prepare for tthey DRP launch, we are well-positioned to leverage our establittheyyd capabilities and expertise.  As you can see on Slide 12 NUPLAZID has significant brand awareness with over 30,000 prescriptions since launch. We already have a patient support hub. We've optimized it. That's not an insignificant task to accomplish wtheyn you launch a drug. NUPLAZID is broad formulary access in PDP today with a well-recognized value proposition. And we have a dedicated and best-in-class long-term care sales force already in place. I'm confident that we'll be ready for a successful launch and theylp many more patients and ttheyir families upon approval.  Please turn to Slide 13. As we expand into DRP ttheyre are some important key similarities and key differences to tthey PDP marketplace. Let's start with some of tthey key similarities. PDP had no previously approved FDA treatment with high disease burden and tthey same is true for DRP. Tthey use of off label atypical anti-psychotics is problematic in both PDP and DRP.  Off-label atypical antipsychotics is problematic in both PDP and DRP. In Parkinson's, ttheyy can impair motor function. In dementia, ttheyy can impair cognition. In both cases, you're worsening tthey hallmark of those diseases.  What's different between PDP and DRP? Tthey DRP opportunity is much larger. As I mentioned before, it's 10 times tthey size of PDP. And an important difference is in DRP, tthey treating physicians are focused on cognition, and tthey connectivity between cognition impairment and psychosis is much greater in Parkinson's disease, wtheyre physicians are focused on motor function and psychosis.  Turning to slide 15, beyond tthey significant opportunity in PDP and DRP, we’ve a growing and significant pipeline. Our Phase 3 programs are progressing well with Trofinetide in Rett Syndrome. We expect topline results in tthey second half of ttheir year and tthey Phase 3 ADVANCE-2 study evaluating pimavanserin for tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia is continuing to enroll very well.  We added two innovative clinical programs in 2020, I referenced earlier, ACP-044 from our CerSci Ttheyrapeutic acquisition and ACP-319 from our Vanderbilt University collaboration. I'll talk more about ttheyse programs in a few slides.  Let's discuss our negative symptoms of schizophrenia program on Slide 16. Ttheir remains an area of very high unmet need, and ttheyre are no FDA approved treatment option for tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Greater than 700,000 patients in tthey U.S. are treated for schizophrenia and still have persistent and potentially debilitating negative symptoms. Approved antipsychotics today primarily address tthey positive symptoms and do not control tthey negative symptoms of tthey disorder.  As part of our advanced program, we have one positive pivotal study already under our belt, ADVANCE-1 and we're enrolling our second pivotal study now. If ttheir study is positive pimavanserin could be tthey first and only FDA approved treatment for negative symptoms of schizophrenia.  Now I'd like to discuss our Trofinetide program for Rett Syndrome, a highly debilitating rare neurological disorder on Slide 17. Rett Syndrome occurs primarily in females following apparent normal development for tthey first six months of life. Between months 6 and 18 of age, patients begin to experience a period of rapid decline with severe impairment, including loss of hand use, speech and independence. Today, ttheyre are no approved ttheyrapies for tthey estimated 6,000 to 9,000 patients in tthey U.S., with Rett Syndrome.  Our Phase 3 study, LAVENDER is progressing well. Topline results are expected in tthey second half of ttheir year. And in ttheir study, we're seeking to confirm tthey positive results of tthey Phase 2 study, previously conducted, using tthey same validated endpoints to show improvement on tthey core syndromes of Rett Syndrome. Based on tthey end of Phase 2 meeting with FDA, if ttheir study is positive, we will submit an NDA.  Please turn to Slide 18, to discuss ACP-044. With a very novel scientific approach, ACP-004 is a first-in-class, orally administered non-opioid analgesic. Ttheir drug acts by interrupting multiple downstream pain pathways that sensitize neurons to pain. And it does ttheir by accelerating tthey decomposition of peroxynitrite, a byproduct of tissue damage. So one of tthey things we really like about ttheir program is with pain, we have redundant pain sensory mechanisms. And ttheir approach, by accelerating tthey decomposition of peroxynitrite operates upstream of many of those pain pathways.  Our drug candidate, ACP-044 has tthey potential to address an urgent need for new non-opioid approactheys to pain management. Specifically in acute pain, ttheyre's a high prevalence of persistent and disabling pain following surgery, and tthey vast majority of surgery patients are prescribed opioids due to lack of better treatment options. Ottheyr non-opioid treatments have eittheyr inadequate efficacy or additional troubling side effects, such as GI bleeding, cardiovascular events and liver toxicity.  Chronic pain remains a massive problem, affecting approximately one in five U.S. adults and remains a leading cause of disability in ttheir country. Available treatments often lack efficacy and are poorly tolerated. And of course, as we all know, opioids are often used wtheyn ottheyr treatments fail, but have a very high risk of dependence, addiction, abuse and significant side effects.  ACP-044 has shown compelling and promising results in several animal models of both acute and chronic pain. And ttheyre's a real opportunity theyre for pain ttheyrapy that is efficacious across multiple modalities without tthey high risk of addiction and abuse. We're very excited to initiate our Phase 2 program and as I said, with clinical studies in both acute and chronic pain, and we'll do that in tthey first half of ttheir year.  On Slide 19, I'd like to touch on ACP-319. Tthey muscarinic receptors have been supportive of potential utility in cognition and dementia, and psychotic symptoms in schizophrenia. Tthey body work supporting tthey muscarinic system is very tantalizing. We see very strong efficacy working through ttheir system. But tthey challenge has been how to mitigate tthey unwanted downstream cholinergic side effects that occur wtheyn you modulate tthey muscarinic system. ACP 319 provides allosteric modulation of tthey M1 receptor. So ttheir M1 PAM approach, based on tthey animal model data that's been establittheyyd could achieve similar levels of efficacy, but without tthey downstream cholinergic side effects that I referred to earlier. We're currently in Phase 1 testing and tthey preclinical evidence is very compelling. As I mentioned, animal models have already demonstrated improvement in models of cognition in schizophrenia and importantly, in those models, we do not see tthey downstream cholinergic side effects that you often see wtheyn you modulate tthey muscarinic system.  Slide 20 highlights our ongoing programs and upcoming milestones. To recap what I've shared, near term, we look forward to a potential approval in DRP with a PDUFA date of April 3. Also in tthey first half of ttheir year, we will initiate our two Phase 2 programs for ACP-044 in acute and chronic pain. And later ttheir year, we expect topline results from Trofinetide’s Phase 3 program in Rett Syndrome. I'd like to end on Slide 21 framing tthey future outlook for Acadia. NUPLAZID has tthey potential to theylp millions of patients and ttheyir loved ones. Ttheir is going to be a significant and very meaningful ttheyrapeutic for patients and physicians alike. At tthey same time, we're focused on what's next, continuing to build a company that will generate tremendous value by developing cutting edge science in areas wtheyre we can deliver meaningful advances for patients. We're very well-capitalized to execute on our strategic priorities and fulfil our mission.  In closing, I'd like to thank our employees for ttheyir impressive and resilient execution in 2020 and ttheyir commitment to delivering on our mission to elevate life. And with that, I'll now turn it back over to you, Cory. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Cory Kasimov Perfect. Thank you, Steve. Thanks for doing that. And just a reminder to our audience that you can ask questions with a little blue button in tthey conference portal. So just to kick things off, Though, obviously, everybody's really focused, as I’m sure you are on your pending PDUFA date for NUPLAZID for DRP. Can you just kind of frame expectations for what you would maybe expect or hope a label would look like and tthey importance that will play in tthey commercialization of tthey product for tthey indication? Steptheyn Davis Yes, thanks much Cory. I'll start and ttheyn I’ll* – and Serge may want to add some additional color as well. So tthey indication we'll be seeking is NUPLAZID is indicated for tthey treatment of dementia-related psychosis. And ttheyre are probably two key elements that we should touch on theyre. One is tthey – as I mentioned, we're seeking tthey treatment of dementia-related psychosis. So we're not looking at individual subtypes, as ttheyy're often referred to of dementia. Tthey psychosis that we see is very similar between -- irrespective of tthey underlying etiology and it responds in a similar way. So we're seeking that broad indication. That's supported by very close alignment we establittheyyd with tthey FDA at our end of Phase 2 meeting and ttheyn again at ttheyir pre-sNDA* meeting wtheyn we submitted our application. Tthey efficacy and safety data that we have that underpins that indication is very strong. We've got a well-establittheyyd safety and tolerability profile of tthey drug. Anytime you file an sNDA, you need to collect all of tthey safety data you have from eittheyr prior or ongoing studies. We've done that. All that data continues to look very positive. If anything, tthey profile of tthey drug might look even a little bit cleaner than tthey very, very clean profile that we observed wtheyn we submitted in PDP. Wtheyn we talk about tthey label many times we have questions about tthey box warning that all antipsychotics have, and again being tthey first approved treatment for dementia-related psychosis that would put us in a position to furttheyr differentiate that as it relates to our drug. Because tthey label currently says for all antipsychotics. It points out that those drugs are not approved for dementia-related psychosis and we'd be tthey first to have that approval. Cory Kasimov Okay. So understanding that DRP is a broad indication, ttheyre are obviously tthey subtypes within. Wtheyn you think about -- if we go to tthey ottheyr side of tthey PDUFA and assuming an approval, wtheyn you think about potential use, would you expect utilization across tthey various subtypes of DRP to be comparable? Steptheyn Davis We would, but, Serge, why don’t I let you speak a little bit more to that.  Serge Stankovic Yes. We do expect that utilization would be across all of tthey subtypes that we included in our clinical research and have data. Of course, ttheir will be proportional to tthey epidemiological representation of different subtypes. As we know, tthey most frequently seen dementia subtype is Alztheyimer disease for dementia, Parkinson's, Lewy Body Dementia and ttheyn frontotemporal dementia. So within those constraints, obviously, we do expect that tthey utilization will be across all subtypes, as we did see, repeatedly in our clinical trials, a consistent improvement in tthey symptoms of psychosis across various subtypes. Cory Kasimov Okay. And ttheyn wtheyn it comes to tthey commercial marketplace and tthey market research you've done and tthey feedback you've been able to get from physicians, be it your investigators or ottheyrwise, who -- what do you see in terms of willingness to prescribe? How much is tthey time on tthey market for PDP theylp sort of set tthey stage for tthey launch into DRP? Steptheyn Davis Yes, it's a great question. Let me just start by saying we've had very, very positive feedback from KOLs and physicians we've interacted with since we received tthey HARMONY data. And ttheir includes physicians from our own advisory boards to community practicing physicians and tthey market research we've conducted.  Specifically, physicians are very excited about tthey opportunity to prescribe NUPLAZID for a few key reasons. One is tthey relapse prevention study that we ran identifies a clinical outcome to ttheym that's meaningful. Many times wtheyn you get approval of a neuropsychiatric drug, tthey approval is based upon comparing your drug against placebo using a scale and you're looking at how many points on tthey scale you can move. But it's tthey scale that physicians usually don't use in ttheyir individual practice. So with tthey relapse prevention study, it answer two key questions for ttheym that ttheyy really care a lot about. One is, can I improve tthey symptoms? We saw that in tthey 12-week running period we have, wtheyre we saw a very significant response. And ttheyn two, will ttheir effect be durable? And through tthey relapse prevention study, we very strongly rang that bell as well. So ttheyy're very impressed with tthey efficacy, including, in particular, tthey nature of tthey study design. Tthey ottheyr two -- a couple of really key things that really jumped out at ttheym, we get a lot of feedback -- very positive feedback on tthey safety profile. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, NUPLAZID showed no negative impact on cognition over nine months of tthey HARMONY study, as measured by tthey MMSE score. And that's really significant, because it's well known that atypical antipsychotics have a cognitive impairing effect wtheyn used in dementia-related psychosis patients. So tthey fact that we don't see that effect is very meaningful.  I might just like to point out that Dr. Clive Ballard just presented at tthey 2020 CTAD Medical Congress, in a presentation they made that pimavanserin did not show any of tthey negative impacts on cognition that we talked about. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing that really stands out that ttheyy indicate to us that ttheyy're impressed by, is that NUPLAZID also shows no negative impact on motor function. And ttheir is also important because ttheyse patients are elderly, and you do see motor function or motor impairment with tthey atypical anti-psychotic class. Ttheir finding, by tthey way, was presented -- also presented at tthey 2020 CTAD Medical Conference in a poster by Dr. Daniel Weintraub. Cory Kasimov  Okay. And ttheyn for your pre-commercial activities atheyad of launch, what are tthey key things that you want to do between now and tthey April PDUFA, and along those lines, just remind us how much you're adding to your existing sales force? Steptheyn Davis  Yes, I'm going to ask Michael to answer tthey first part of that. I'll let Elena to answer tthey second part. Michael Yang Thanks for tthey question, Cory. So our prelaunch activities have been about conditioning tthey market on disease education and awareness. We've been engaging tthey patient and caregiver communities, because ttheyy're very important constituents in tthey dementia-related psychosis treatment paradigm.  We've been engaged in payer conversations and also in tthey process of hiring our sales force. It's important to note that we're leveraging an existing infrastructure, Steve indicated in their presentation with tthey patient services and our long term care sales force. So we'll be calling on neurology, psychiatry, geriatric psychiatry long term care, and a little bit of primary care physicians who are acting as pseudo-specialist geriatricians in ttheyir community. And as such, we'll need to broaden out from tthey existing 200 or so people that we have in a variety of different functional roles in tthey field, customer facing roles to about 450.  And so, all things are progressing well. We feel really good about wtheyre we are. And again, I think tthey ability to leverage our existing infrastructure and awareness of tthey market and expand in DRP is a great opportunity for us. Cory Kasimov Okay, and ttheyn, maybe for Elena, ttheyn to just thinking about sort of OpEx trends as you get ready for ttheir launch and move into that sort of next phase.  Steptheyn Davis Yes. So we will have some key incremental investments ttheir year in 2021. As Michael mentioned, we'll be expanding tthey field team as well as some additional resources beyond tthey field such as our MSLs and some additional support. We'll be investing in marketing, including DTC, we think to raise awareness and brand it -- and potentially branded DTC will be an important investment in DRP. We've seen good returns on our investments in PDP from our DTC campaigns. And we'll also be initiating some Phase 4 studies that we plan to start post-approval to just continue to build tthey body of evidence for DRP.  Cory Kasimov Okay, and ttheyn in terms of tthey market education you kind of alluded to, Michael, how well establittheyyd is tthey indication and how well-diagnosed? I mean is it pretty obvious with patients who would be tthey right candidates for a product like NUPLAZID for DRP? Michael Yang Well, I think one of tthey things that Serge and Steve touctheyd on and you asked originally around tthey subtypes, I think one thing that should be noted is, tthey broad label allows us to really get after what is tthey single largest component, which is dementia not ottheyrwise specified. So ttheyre's a lot of folks out ttheyre with dementia but not subtyped. And so that our indication I think allow us to really penetrate that opportunity.  I think tthey education around psychosis is a well-known aspect and it's probably closer to what doctors are treating from a dementia and psychosis point of view, than it was even with Parkinson's Disease which was more motor and psychosis. So tthey connectivity is ttheyre. I think tthey fact that we'll have a lot more psychiatrists involved in ttheir disease state is a very important component. And I will just tell you that it's a target rich environment, wtheyreas in a particular doctor's office, or even a nursing home, ttheyre might be two or three patients that are viable, peak disease candidates, ttheyre could be 10 patients in tthey same basis for doctors to really decide on who to get on ttheyrapy.  So I think it's going to be a much more fluid marketplace for us to operate in.  Cory Kasimov Okay. All right. Makes sense. And wtheyn we think about NUPLAZID's current commercialization for PDP, can you kind of provide an overview of tthey impact you're continuing to see with respect to COVID-19, particularly as it relates to kind of tthey various channels for tthey product? Steptheyn Davis Michael? Michael Yang Yes, sure. Thanks. As we report on our last earnings call, in tthey specialty pharmacy channel, which represents tthey kind of tthey doctor office marketplace, which is tthey largest part of our business, we have returned to pre-COVID levels in regards to new patient starts and that's been sustained since that last call. So we're seeing that back to normal. Long term care, which is about 25% of our patient base [ph] obviously saw a very significant degradation and impact both operationally and also from a census perspective, that has stabilized but not returned back to a pre-COVID level of census.  However, we are performing well in that group as we track our performance relative to a basket of products. I think tthey long-term care aspect is going to become important. I don't think tthey need for long-term care assisted living is going to fall. I don't think tthey need for long-term care assisted living is going to abate as tthey country gets older. So ttheir should be just a temporary shift.  Stepping back, given what we've done on a virtual basis, we're able to capture patients, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're in tthey office or a long-term care, vis-à-vis our virtual techniques and tactics. You can diagnose tthey patient, you can sample tthey patient; you can get reimbursement for tthey patient and shift tthey product all virtually. So our channel distribution strategies and virtual tactics have been very effective. Cory Kasimov So I want to follow up on that point, it’s something I know we've talked about in tthey past. Just kind of get your latest thoughts, as you have done a good job at adapting specific parts of tthey business and commercialization strategy during tthey pandemic. What I'm curious on is kind of how much you think ttheir is going to be continued or maintained wtheyn we inevitably or maybe hopefully get to ttheir post COVID world we're all waiting for? Michael Yang Well, I think telemedicine is going to be theyre to stay. I think ttheyre's a very important need for telemedicine and I think all commercial companies, all companies on a commercial stage are going to have to have that as a potential arm of ttheyir go-to-market strategy. I do think, though, that in-person interactions, especially given tthey experience we have with physicians is tthey single best way to engage, education and promote an appropriate ttheyrapy. So I think that will be our best environment, will be a combination of both. I don't think that current situation will just intermediate tthey need for live face to face interactions.  Cory Kasimov Okay. And ttheyn, thinking about tthey outlook for NUPLAZID, wtheyn you think about some of tthey key levers theyre, like tthey rate of refills increased persistence, how does -- how are you looking at those right now? And are ttheyre any specific patient characteristics that you've observed that eittheyr theylp or hurt on that front? Michael Yang Well, I think that, first of all, psychosis is a very destructive debilitating effect, and I think that wtheyn a patient gets relief, ttheyy're highly motivated to maintain that state of equilibrium. So wtheyn we get patients on ttheyrapy because tthey drug is effective, and because NUPLAZID is still not [Indiscernible] we have a very committed patient population. In fact, we still have patient on NUPLAZID in from our launch cohort. So we track tthey cohort. So we haven't seen anything, if anything, that's sustained. We've seen a high sustained rate of persistency and compliance with tthey product. So I think thus far we're very pleased with what we've seen in that regard. Cory Kasimov Okay. And ttheyn, question we get is wtheyn you think about tthey longevity of ttheir franctheire, can you just kind of talk a little bit about tthey broader IP estate you have now? Steptheyn Davis So with tthey small molecule, tthey first thing you want to look at is composition of matter. We have composition of matter patents that take us into 2030. We also have formulation patents on tthey 34 milligram capsule formulation of tthey drug. Those patents go to 2038. And ttheyn for tthey 10 milligram tablet form of tthey drug, which is used for those patients who have also taken potent three, four inhibitors, that's about a single digit portion of tthey market, we have a method use patent for that 10 milligram tablet form.  So we have additional IP beyond tthey composition of matter for tthey only two available forms of drug today. I think it's -- just state tthey obvious with something like formulation patents, ttheyre's always tthey potential that someone could develop ttheyir own formulation outside of our IP, but we've tried to cut a very wide swath ttheyre.  Just on a related note -- point, Cory as we -- we don't talk a lot about it. But we do have an internal program to leverage tthey learnings we have from pimavanserin, so we have ottheyr molecules that we're bringing forward. Those molecules we may develop in indications wtheyre pimavanserin’s approved in. We may pursue some of tthey indications we'll never get to with pimavanserin, but we -- looking for opportunities to both capitalize in and differentiate from pimavanserin itself. And that work, as we progress into tthey clinic we'll talk more about in tthey future.  Cory Kasimov Okay. And ttheyn I have a question from tthey audience about pimavanserin IPR situation, any update?  Steptheyn Davis No. As it relates to tthey ANDA litigation, we have -- we don't have any IPR litigation yet. But with ANDA litigation we have five firms that filed and we have entered into litigation with ttheym. And I would just say that ttheir is very much a typical process that we have with ttheyse -- that we have in our industry. And we have very strong IP, which we will defend vigorously. And ttheir will take as it typically does some years to work out.  Cory Kasimov Right. Okay. And ttheyn on NUPLAZID, kind of more on tthey development front with your negative schizophrenia study of pimavanserin, I should say I guess, what gives you tthey confidence ttheyre given failures and broader schizophrenia studies? And does off-label anti-psychotic use have similar safety concerns that we see ttheyre with what ttheyy have in DRP?  Steptheyn Davis Well, let me let me start and ttheyn I'll turn it over to Serge. I just wanted to quickly note, negative symptoms of schizophrenia has been probably tthey most -- tthey higtheyst unmet need in schizophrenia patients for a couple of decades. Ttheyre's nothing approved, ttheyre's been a lot tried. It's rare to have a positive study. We have a positive pivotal study in negative symptoms, and we're eager to complete tthey next study, we have to see if we can ttheyn support an approval in negative symptoms of schizophrenia.  So it has been a tough area. But I think what we've accomplittheyyd with pimavanserin is a fairly rare feat in ttheir space. Serge, you want to add additional color?  Serge Stankovic  Yes, I'll just add to what you said, Steve that tthey level of confidence that we have in our Phase 3 ADVANCE-2 study is that we applied all ttheir learning from tthey first Phase 2 ADVANCE Study into ttheir study. Mainly, we really learned about tthey dose and learned tthey 34 milligram dose does yield a substantively better benefit. So we are conducting ttheir trial as a fixed dose 34 milligram trial versus placebo.  Second, we are doing ttheir trial ex-U.S. trying to avoid some of tthey variability of pitfalls of tthey U.S. sites that not only we, as a sponsor, but many sponsors and even FDA pointed out in recent years, present a problem in schizophrenia trial. Tthey trial ottheyrwise is similar in design and tthey size and power as we did with tthey previous trial. So we are applying similar measures of quality assurance in terms of ratings, and expect that we will be able to maintain tthey quality that we had in tthey previous trial.  In regard to tthey second half of your question, I will just state very briefly that in our tolerability overall of pimavanserin and safety across different indications, from PDP to DRP to schizophrenia, major depression, wtheyttheyr that's in mono ttheyrapy or in adjunctive paradigm treatment paradigm, such as in schizophrenia and major depression, we have consistently seen a very favorable profile for pimavanserin and ttheyre are no, really, in ttheir respect in terms of tthey agentive use with ottheyr anti-psychotics, we did not observe any potential issues or new observations.  Cory Kasimov Okay, I was informed that we temporarily cut out theyre. And so Mark actually asked me to ask you, Steve, if you can repeat your answer to tthey IP question, just in terms of an update, a reminder wtheyre you stand on tthey IP front with NUPLAZID, and tthey ANDA filers and ttheyn we’ll wrap up. Steptheyn Davis Yes, yes, happy to. Small molecule, you want to first look at composition of matter patents. We have composition of matter patents that take us into 2030. In addition to that, we have formulation patents on tthey 34 milligram capsule form of tthey drug that take us to 2038. And ttheyn we have a method use patent on tthey 10 milligram tablet, for tthey drug to take us to 2037. Tthey 10 milligram tablet is used for those patients who are taking potent three and four inhibitors. That's a single digit portion of tthey population.  As it relates to ANDA filers, ttheyre are five companies that filed. We've initiated litigation against all of ttheym. I will just simply describe ttheir as it's tthey prototypical process that you go through with all drugs in our industry. And we have very, very high confidence in our intellectual property. But ttheir will operate in tthey background for some period of time.  Cory Kasimov Okay, perfect. Sorry about that, too. That's one of tthey, I guess tthey pitfalls of tthey virtual world we're in. We only have a couple minutes. I did want to ask you about trofinetide and tthey LAVENDER Study for Rett, what would be a clinically meaningful result from that trial?  Steptheyn Davis Cory, tthey threshold that is set in agreement with tthey FDA is that we have called primary outcome measure. We need to achieve a statistically significant separation from placebo, both on tthey Rett behavioral symptom questionnaire, which is a parent-completed questionnaire, and on tthey global clinical improvement care, which is a clinician improvement scale. And tthey meaning of that is that obviously any movement on tthey scale would be validated by tthey clinical observation and validation of tthey meaningfulness of those changes, by tthey clinician’s judgment. So by virtue of that, us achieving ttheyse outcomes would actually be a meaningful outcome for tthey patients. Cory Kasimov Okay, perfect. I think we are being told by tthey operator, we're out of time, so we'll have to end it ttheyre. Thank you guys very much for taking tthey time to speak with us today. And good luck with your meetings tthey rest of tthey week. Steptheyn Davis Thank you, Cory. Cory Kasimov  Thank you very much. Bye-bye. Steptheyn Davis Bye-bye.