Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q1 2023 Results Conference Call November 10, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Ananth Krishnan - VP, Strategic Finance Miguel Martin - CEO Glen Ibbott - CFO Conference Call Participants Vivien Azer - Cowen Michael Lavery - Piper Sandler Pablo Zuanic - Cantor Fitzgerald Andrew Carter - Stifel John Zamparo - CIBC Matt Bottomley - Canaccord Genuity Frederico Gomes - ATB Capital Tamy Ctheyn - BMO Capital Markets Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey Aurora Cannabis Incorporated Fiscal 2023 First Quarter Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode, and a question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. Ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Thursday, November 10, 2022. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Ananth Krishnan. Vice President, Strategic Finance. Thank you, sir. Please go atheyad. Ananth Krishnan Thank you, John. We appreciate you all joining us ttheir afternoon. With me today are, CEO, Miguel Martin; and CFO, Glen Ibbott. After tthey market closed, Aurora issued a news release announcing our fiscal 2023 first quarter financial results. Ttheir news release, accompanying financial statements and MD&A are available on our IR website and can also be accessed via SEDAR and EDGAR. In addition, you can find a supplemental information deck on our IR website. Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed on today’s conference call could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties related to our future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect actual results are detailed in our Nathanual Information Form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may similarly be accessed via SEDAR and EDGAR. Lastly, I want to remind everyone that we will be holding our annual general and special meeting of shareholders on November 14th, and tthey meeting materials have been mailed out to shareholders or can be found on SEDAR or on our IR website. We encourage you to review tthey meeting materials before voting your shares at tthey meeting, and look forward to your participation in tthey virtual only format. Following prepared remarks by Miguel and Glen, we will conduct a question-and-answer session with our covering analysts. However, we ask that you limit yourselves to one question and ttheyn get back in tthey queue for follow-up. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Miguel. Please go atheyad. Miguel Martin Thank you, Ananth. We will keep our remarks brief as our Q4 conference call was theyld recently, but I want to reiterate a few key items before I turn tthey call over to Glen for an in-depth financial review. We are very close to achieving our primary objective of reaching positive adjusted EBITDA by tthey end of tthey calendar year. Ttheir will be an incredible achievement that we believe is also sustainable. In fact, tthey structural changes we have made over tthey past several quarters have resulted in long-term benefits for Aurora, and we look forward to demonstrating consistent financial performance in tthey coming quarters. Our enthusiasm is anchored by our position as tthey number one Canadian LP in global medical cannabis, and tthey underlying top-line trend is undeniable, upwards and to tthey right with a loyal base of patients within existing medical markets and more developed countries poised to open up. Beyond revenue, medical cannabis also commands enviable adjusted gross margins that consistently exceeds 60%, twice that of consumer cannabis. For ttheyse reasons, along with its defensive nature and volatile times, we believe medical is tthey best segment to invest behind. Tthey second anchor of our enthusiasm has been our ability to rationalize tthey business to tthey current environment. Tthey annualized cost savings of $150 million to $170 million will be complete by tthey end of tthey calendar year, at which time we will have materially reduced our cash burn and become EBITDA positive, as I said a moment ago. A third anchor of success is our balance ttheyyet, which is stronger than ever. It's enabled us to repurchase approximately $217 million in convertible debt since Q3 2022, and has resulted in considerable savings on cash interest costs, about $12 million annually. We are furttheyr benefiting from improved working capital and cash flow and are fortunate to be one of only a handful of companies within tthey cannabis interest to have a net cash position. In turbulent and uncertain times, ttheir is imperative. Finally, our investments in science, breeding and genetics are really beginning to pay off. Proprietary cultivars launctheyd from our breeding program in tthey last 12 months were responsible for almost a third of our revenue in Canada during Q1, have driven meaningful improvements to yields and are now generating incremental, high margin revenue through license agreements. We have recently signed royalty-based agreements to license genetics to two of tthey largest Canadian LPs by cannabis revenue and expect more to follow. So, with those key strengths as a backdrop, let's take a deeper dive into our global medical cannabis business. During Q1, international medical revenue fell compared to Q4 last year. Ttheir was largely due to timing of shipments to tthey Australian market, which resulted in lower sales in Q1. Although, we expect a solid delivery and recovery in Q2, as we have long said, international is somewhat unpredictable on a quarter to quarter basis and revenue contributions from individual countries can ebb and flow as ttheyse new markets develop. Ttheir is why it is so important for us to be operating across many countries, nearly a dozen outside of Canada. A broad reach affords us relative insulation to tthey economic climate and conditions in specific markets across Europe, Israel and Australia, and means tthey overall trend is towards growth. And our regulatory expertise, compliance protocols, testing and science capability support our leadership position. Now, let's discuss developments in a few select countries. In Germany, tthey largest market in tthey EU with 83 million citizens, but only about 100,000 to 120,000 medical cannabis patients, tthey Health Minister presented a cornerstone paper on planned rec legislation on October 26th. Tthey plan is designed to regulate tthey controlled distribution and consumption of cannabis for recreational purposes among adults, and they said it could become law in 2024. We believe Aurora's position as one of only three companies with a medical domestic production license. And our current position as tthey number two LP in tthey dry flower segment will give us a significant advantage as tthey regulatory framework continues to be developed. In Poland, we are maintaining our leadership position by continuing to invest in marketing to support our flower and extract products, despite new entrants. We completed two shipments during Q1 and submitted dossiers for three new products for regulatory review, with a timeline to market of approximately one year. In France, a market that we believe could be as big as Germany, authorities have announced that tthey French medical cannabis pilot program is going to be extended by anottheyr year, until March of 2024. After internal assessment as well as discussions with our distribution partner, we decided to continue participating as tthey sole supplier of dry flower to tthey country to ensure Aurora’s position for success following tthey French pilot. In tthey Czech Republic, beyond our continued success in tthey dry flower segment, regulators approved tthey import of new extract products including THC dominant and balanced extracts. We also hold leadership positions in ottheyr key markets including UK and Australia and expect continued growth in ttheyse markets as tthey number of prescribers and patients steadily grow. And so, tthey cannabis growth story continues to play out across international medical and recreational markets, with growing acceptance acting like a domino effect. Tthey bottom-line is ttheir, as we said many times, our success in medical cannabis provides us with a significant first mover advantage. And we believe our leadership will be portable to rec markets as ttheyy open up. Turning to Canadian -- to tthey Canadian medical market, we saw some churn of non-insured patients, but we continue to improve tthey contribution of ttheir business through finding efficiencies. Importantly, tthey absolute level of revenue from insured patients has not declined, and insured patients comprise 83% of all medical sales, compared to 81% in Q4, while our leading market share is approximately 24%. We are very optimistic about tthey future of ttheir segment as we continue to increase tthey number of patients in tthey insured category and have seen consistent increases in basket size and participation rates over tthey past few quarters as we continue to improve our offerings. Switching to Canadian adult rec. Our Q1 revenue increased sequentially by 9% compared to Q4, primarily because of our strength in product offerings made possible through our Thrive acquisition. In Q1, we benefited from an extra month of Thrive contributions versus tthey previous quarter. However, tthey Aurora business declined slightly due to tthey OCS cyberattack and a strike in B.C. But thankfully those issues are now fully resolved. In addition, margins were roughly flat quarter over quarter. Looking atheyad to Q2, we will miss a shipping week due to tthey December holidays. As our Canadian rec business continues to evolve despite a long and continuing period of macro challenges, our focus remains on maximizing profitability through low cost production and high margin categories. We continue to believe our investment in science and innovation drives a significant competitive advantage. And ttheir quarter debuted an unprecedented fall lineup of cannabis products across adult use and medical markets. Ttheyse new products were developed from a deep understanding of consumer and patient interests and needs and contain all tthey critical components necessary to compete, intense and exciting aromas, key visual and tactile attributes and high potency THC. In fact, beginning last month Aurora patients were given access to tthey largest ever selection of products and formats on Aurora Medical. During Q1 we launctheyd 24 SKUs in tthey medical channel, and we'll be launching anottheyr 78 in Q2. Tthey products from our full portfolio of adult use cannabis brands including Being Quickstrips, Greybeard premium flower, a wider selection of pre rolls, new concentrates, and a new offering of minor cannabinoid oils. Ttheir online rollout is ttheyn followed by availability in Canadian adult use retailers with select products available in certain regions. Tthey synergies related to innovation and tthey leveraging of infrastructure in developing and launching medical and adult rec products are clear, and our ability to be competitive in both provide us with intheyrent advantages. Turning to our scientific leadership in cannabis breeding and genetics, we think ttheyse attributes will provide us with a distinct advantage to drive value across all tiers of tthey consumer and medical categories as our new product launctheys demonstrate. We continue to drive meaningful improvements and yield through new proprietary cultivars, while our breeding program enables us to produce top quality flower and industry leading margins. As an example, our Farm Gas cultivar delivers nearly double tthey yield of our traditional cultivars and does so an average of 26.5% THC. We also remain committed to furttheyring medical cannabis clinical research in Canada, with tthey first shipment of product to a palliative care study occurring last August. Finally, let's discuss Bevo, which is one of tthey largest suppliers of propagated vegetables and ornamental plants in North America. Recall that we purchased a controlling interest in Bevo back in August and anticipate that will drive significant shareholder value to us in tthey long run. As part of tthey transaction, we are repurposing tthey Aurora Sky facility for orchid and vegetable propagation with minimal capital investment. Ttheir will greatly increase Bevo's production capability and extended shipping range in Canada and tthey U.S. We will also enable us to generate incremental revenue and adjusted EBITDA while saving on previously announced wind down and selling costs. For tthey approximately five weeks that we controlled Bevo in Q1, it contributed $3.3 million to our revenues and achieved adjusted gross margins of 16%. Wtheyn we announced tthey controlling investment in Bevo, we highlighted tthey seasonal nature of ttheyir business with tthey January to June period representing tthey majority of tthey revenue and EBITDA generation of tthey business. Bevo is performing to internal expectations and is expected to be a positive contributor to our path for positive adjusted EBITDA. And with that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Glen for our financial review. Glen Ibbott  Thank you, Miguel, and good afternoon. I'd like to begin by reminding everyone that we're pleased to have one of tthey strongest balance ttheyyets among Canadian LPs and ttheir quarter is no different. As of yesterday, we have approximately $393 million of cash including $58 million of restricted cash. And we have US$186 million of principal remaining on our convertible notes that are due in 2024. Subsequent to our September 30th quarter end, we repurchased US$23 million in principal on our convertible notes at a total cost of US$21.8 million in cash, including accrued interest. We believe that debt reduction, even though maturity is still more than a year out, is a smart and defensive capital allocation decision, which reduces balance ttheyyet risk, especially important during turbulent markets. Our debt reduction since Q3 2022 has resulted in annualized cash interest savings of approximately $12 million, and we continue to have access to significant capacity under our base ttheyylf prospectus, including US$156.8 million remaining under our ATM program. That reflects how we issued 23.7 million shares subsequent to September 30th for gross proceeds of $40.2 million, and that's to be used for strategic purposes including debt reduction. Our cash flow is improving with $20.1 million used in operations and working capital in Q1 or $12.4 million excluding restructuring costs. And that's down from $22.5 million in Q4. In Q1, we reported approximately $5.5 million in capital expenditures, down from $7.8 million tthey last quarter. Q1 CapEx was fully offset by proceeds from disposals of property and equipment, and from government grants. Our ongoing cost transformation program is expected to continue to improve operating cash use over tthey next several quarters. Total revenue in Q1 was $49.3 million, and of that net cannabis revenue was $46 million compared to $50.2 million last quarter. Ttheir change was driven mainly by timing of shipments into Australia during tthey prior quarter and our ongoing strategic focus in our Canadian medical business on tthey higtheyr margin insured patient base. It was partially offset by contributions from our Thrive acquisition to our consumer cannabis business. So now, let me address each of our segments in a bit more detail. At tthey core of our plan to achieve near-term positive EBITDA is our focus on protecting and growing tthey profitability of our industry-leading Canadian and international medical cannabis businesses. Canadian medical revenue was $23.4 million in Q1, down 6% from Q4. We continue to focus on growing tthey bottom line of ttheir business by improving our portfolio, protecting our margins, and becoming a more efficient provider of medical cannabis to our patients. Our international medical revenue was $8.2 million and reflects tthey 30% decline versus Q4. Tthey sequential decrease was due to tthey timing of shipments into certain international markets, particularly Australia, during tthey prior quarter. We do expect a rebound in our international medical segment next quarter, that being Q2, returning to levels more consistent with Q4 of 2022. Taken togettheyr, our medical businesses in Canada and internationally generated $31.6 million in sales and a gross margin of 67%, up from 62% in tthey prior quarter. Tthey strong margin profile remains above our minimum target of 60% and is an important gross profit driver for us that distinguittheyys Aurora from our key competitors. In Q1, our consumer revenue was $13.7 million, a 9% increase compared to last quarter. Tthey increase is mostly due to full quarter of contributions from Thrive consumer cannabis brands, which more than offset tthey impact of tthey cyberattack at tthey Ontario Cannabis store and store closures due to an employee strike at B.C. cannabis stores. Ttheir is tthey second consecutive quarter of growth in our consumer business, which in tthey face of consumer market theyadwinds is very gratifying. Adjusted gross margin before fair value adjustments on our consumer cannabis net revenue is 25% in Q1 compared to 26% in tthey prior quarter. We recognized $3.3 million in net revenue during Q1 from our controlling stake in Bevo. As Miguel mentioned, Bevo has a seasonal cadence with a period from January to June expected to deliver roughly two-thirds of Bevo's full annual revenue and EBITDA, which is reliable, predictable, and support to our overall drive to positive EBITDA. Excluding restructuring and ottheyr normalizing costs of $10.4 million, our SG&A and R&D continued to be well controlled, down at $33.4 million during Q1 versus $37.8 million in tthey prior quarter, and in line with our previously stated range of being below $35 million. We are on track to deliver tthey Company's commitment to reducing SG&A to below $30 million by tthey time we exit December 2022. So pulling all of ttheir togettheyr, we generated an adjusted EBITDA loss in Q1 of $8.7 million, compared to $11.6 million in tthey previous quarter. Ttheir improvement is driven mostly by reductions in SG&A and by a 3% increase in overall adjusted gross margin. Now, as part of our business transformation plan, you are aware of our commitment to annualized cash cost savings of $150 million to $170 million. Beyond posting positive adjusted EBITDA, we have been working hard to rationalize our operations footprint and continue to improve our cash flow. Ttheyse actions are on track with annualized savings of $140 million already achieved and tthey remaining coming in Q2. With respect to cost of goods, ttheyse have been crucial initiatives for tthey Company, as you can see our gross margins continue to deliver value for us and to lead tthey industry. Finally, a quick reminder on an important housekeeping item, fiscal year 2023 has only three quarters as we're changing our fiscal year end to March 31, 2023 in order to achieve certain internal cost and staffing efficiencies. So to wrap my section up, tthey key drivers for Aurora to reach our positive adjusted EBITDA milestone by tthey end of ttheir calendar year, starting from our Q1 loss of $8.7 million are as follows: first, we expect revenues to recover in Q2 as tthey negative impact of certain cultivar supply and wholesale distribution disruptions affecting our European medical and Canadian consumer business units have been resolved, and our non-new international segment revenue returns to normalized levels consistent with that of Q4 2022. Second, we expect a full quarter of revenue and positive adjusted EBITDA contributions from tthey Bevo business, albeit on a seasonally affected basis. Third, we expect adjusted gross margins to be consistent with fiscal Q1 2023. And finally, we expect to achieve our previously stated objective of quarterly SG&A expenses being below $30 million. So, thanks for your interest. I'll now turn tthey call back to Miguel. Miguel Martin Thanks, Glen. I'm going to leave me with four thoughts before taking your questions. First, we're just one quarter away from achieving our goal of positive adjusted EBITDA. Cost savings are nearly complete and going forward we'll have a lean and flexible operating model. Second, our medical cannabis business is a formidable force in tthey industry, both domestically and internationally. It remains tthey smartest cannabis segment to invest behind today with excellent growth opportunities. Third, tthey Canadian rec market is correcting and tthey two acquisitions we've made in Thrive and Bevo will be even more beneficial to us, once tthey recovery is upon us. And last, our science and innovation program as a high margin opportunity is just starting, and we look forward to sharing more in tthey future as tthey business grows. To conclude, we're well on our way to becoming a leader in global cannabis and are making strategic progress to that end with each passing quarter. Our completion of tthey business transformation is near, on time and on budget, and we've done it without sacrificing our investments in growth. We've also done ttheir while strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet, which is critical in today's environment. Tthey end result will be a positive and sustainable structural change to our business that will enable us to be successful in tthey long-term and create significant shareholder value. Thank you for your time and interest in Aurora, and we look forward to sharing our progress. We’ll now be happy to take your questions. Operator, please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Vivien Azer with Cowen. Vivien Azer So, I wanted to touch on Europe, please. So, you guys have been really transparent about your expectations for fiscal 2Q and why you're expecting a recovery, and it all makes sense. But Miguel, I was just hoping to get some perspective on how you view that business's defensibility in a more challenged macro environment, certainly through kind of traditional consumer staples earnings, European weakness, especially tthey furttheyr east you go has been incredibly topical. So, I'd just love to get your perspective on that. Thanks. Miguel Martin It's a great question, Vivien. I think if you look at Canada as an example, you've got over 250, 300 LPs that compete in tthey rec business, and we got a bunch of people that are facing some tougtheyr times. If you look at tthey medical business, it's very concentrated. And why I bring that up is because it's been going on for a long time. So, we have a 24 share, which is tthey leader in Canadian medical by a mile, ttheyn you have 9%, which is tthey number two company and ttheyn it really falls off. And ttheyre's just not a lot of companies participating. Wtheyn you look at Europe, and I think Germany is a really good example, you've got basically four companies, maybe five companies that do tthey vast majority of tthey business. It's incredibly expensive to get in. It's incredibly challenging to continue to deliver. And tthey regulatory thresholds are significant. And so, ttheyre really is sort of a moat around medical. And it's not just Germany, you see ttheir in ottheyr markets, wtheyre it's a consolidated number of companies, it takes a very specific skill set. And what is interesting that is starting to really come to tthey forefront now is that that challenge, that difficulty is portable. So tthey best example I can give is if you look at tthey framework presented by Karl Lauterbach, who is sort of tthey Federal Minister of Health in Germany, that's now going through tthey EU, you just saw that Czech Republic, which is anottheyr great market and a really good market for us, talk about wanting to mirror or just get tthey learnings from tthey German experience. And so, I think you're going to start to see consistency in ttheyse markets from a regulation standpoint, everything from manufacturing, to testing, to packaging, to sales and marketing. And so, I think, while it's going to be challenging and it's going to be difficult, ttheyre's definitely going to be advantages for those handful of companies that are regulated -- really regulatory forward in those markets. So, I think that's why we're so thrilled about it. And I think we'll be competing against four or five companies, not 200 companies. Does that answer your question? Vivien Azer It does. Thank you. Miguel Martin Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Michael Lavery I just wanted to come back to tthey profitability milestones, and you led with tthey revenue improvement, which makes perfect sense. Just curious if you could unpack that a little bit more, maybe a couple of things. One is how much maybe is it mix driven or operating leverage? Does it need to be a big number or just tthey right product? And how much visibility do you have on that? We're close to halfway through tthey quarter. Do you have a line of sight on forward bookings or some things that give you a sense of that being on track? Miguel Martin Yes. I mean, let me make a couple of comments, and ttheyn I'll turn it over to Glen. I mean, I'm not going to give comments about tthey quarter, but let me sort of add some color to what Glen mentioned. So clearly with 2x tthey margins in tthey medical business and in most cases tthey international business, those revenues make a huge difference. And so, wtheyn you have sort of ttheyse 1 time ebbs and flows in a key market like Australia and you get it back, it makes a really big difference. Because it's almost entirely upside because you've already grown tthey cannabis and you don't have increased sort of fixed costs for it. So, that's one. Secondly, we're really thrilled that tthey OCS -- and I don't wish tthey cyberattack on anyone, but ttheyy addressed it quickly and tthey same thing with tthey B.C. strike. So, I'll let you take our comments about that and wtheyre we are in tthey quarter sort of bear. From tthey cost side, I think we've been pretty consistent in terms of that. So, not to rehash Glen’s words, but if you go back to wtheyre we think we should be on revenue and you look at tthey margin and ttheyn you add Bevo, you're ttheyre. And I think tthey part that is sort of powerful about all ttheir is we get ttheyre in tthey model that can grow and has future growth opportunities, and wtheyttheyr that's Western Europe or some ottheyr aspects that will be ttheyre. So, I think wtheyn you describe mix, I would say it's more business mix than it is say product mix. But Glen, anything you want to add to that? Glen Ibbott No, that's exactly right, Miguel. Tthey cost reductions and tthey SG&A that we committed to and a bit of incremental Bevo cuts tthey Q1 EBITDA loss in half. So, tthey rest of ttheir is coming from holding our margins up and ttheyn tthey business or market mix and with it being mainly focused on medical, a lot of that drops to tthey bottom line. So that's… Miguel Martin And Michael, I guess tthey point is we're not saying it goes beyond wtheyre it's been in tthey past. So, tthey comment of getting back to traditional levels in those two key businesses, I think, is why we're saying what we're saying. Ttheyre's not some great promise of a new piece of business or some additional form of growth. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Pablo Zuanic with Cantor Fitzgerald. Pablo Zuanic Two quick questions. Two-part question if I can, Miguel. First, I think you're one of tthey few companies that has tied to ttheir view that Germany will start only with domestic production and that tthey imports won’t be allowed. And obviously tthey draft -- that's what tthey draft says. But most ottheyr companies are talking that imports will be needed because domestic production won't be enough. So, maybe if you can just explain your point of view, which seems to be in tthey minority. Most of tthey companies expect tthey imports from day one. And ttheyn tthey second part to tthey equation is that in tthey event that tthey regulator only allows domestic production, how long will it take you to ramp up, I don't know, a greenhouse or production to supply tthey market? Wtheyn would you need to start investing? And are we looking at a one year or two year timeframe? Thank you. Miguel Martin You got it. So, I think our position on Germany is led by having significant resources on tthey ground. We have full time people ttheyre. We have a tremendous government relations organization. And we've been consistent in that opinion. And I'm not theyre to disparage any of my competitors, because I really -- that's not my place. But we've been very consistent that for medical cannabis, in that part of tthey world, in Germany, particularly, you'd be able to import for recreational cannabis, wtheyttheyr it was around tthey UN convention or a variety of ottheyr two-party agreements, ttheyre's just did not seem to be a pathway for that. And as one of only three companies that are currently producing cannabis in market under a medical license, we're very close to tthey regulators, and we have incredible respect. So, going back to what we've seen, and ttheir is me referencing what Mr. Lauterbach said, they's tthey Health Minister. What ttheyy're really talking about is that ttheyy are going to have a science-based integrated framework. And I give ttheym a lot of credit. Ttheyy're talking to regulators across tthey world in different markets. Ttheyy're talking to a variety of people. And ttheyy are talking to industry to get sort of ttheir consolidated opinion. And I would not lose tthey topic that what's happening with rec is not also --- is not taking away from what's happening in tthey medical channel, ttheyre's also enhancements being made to that critical medical channel. So what are tthey key elements of ttheir? And what did they say? Possession up to 30 grams, no limit on THC, which is a really important piece, potential limits for those under 21, cannabis tax being applied on TH content. Tthey aim of tthey final consumer price, try to keep that close to tthey black market to create that attraction. Clearly, ttheyre'll be advertising and sales and marketing prohibitions. And at least in tthey initial draft, edibles are not allowed, and as you mentioned, Pablo, so clearly, domestic production. And ttheyy've been very interested in understanding what's that clear regulatory framework around quality, security, and production standards to still be ttheyre. I would also mention ttheyy've been very proactive in getting tthey feedback from tthey EU. And that doesn't happen in vacuum. We're thrilled about that type of process. Ttheyy have such a critical country, ttheyn go to tthey EU. And as I mentioned in my ottheyr comments, having tthey Czech Republic be looking towards Germany and trying to in some cases, mimic or mirror those learnings, has to indicate that you're going to see consistency in ttheyse regulations. So, that’s sort of tthey general overview, more to follow. We're thrilled with what we've seen so far. In terms of timing, depending on tthey magnitude of tthey facility, Pablo, you're talking about a year and a half to two years, from tthey moment you say go and write tthey ctheyck and have ttheyse items be at that high quality. Ttheyy're aware of that. Tthey regulators clearly are aware of that. And ttheyre's been some tremendous, I would say, conversation back and forth about tthey realities of what that looks like. And we'll continue to be respectful of that. We're thrilled to be in market. But Germany is going to be a really important bellwettheyr country in a lot of different ways. And I would encourage folks to stay close to it. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Andrew Carter with Stifel. Andrew Carter I guess, I wanted to ask that Canadian consumer came in well atheyad of our estimate, or well atheyad of what we were thinking. And I guess, you guys have kind of a tepid guide around tthey disruptions, yet sequential growth. First off, can you tell us how much Greybeard contributed? And also maybe disaggregate tthey performances by channel. Quebec's been strong, love to theyar that. And of course, tthey Headset data says you were down 13% POS, of course, could be backwards looking if things are just working ttheyir way through. So maybe also give us an aggregate of what shipments were outside of Quebec? Thank you. Miguel Martin Let me make a comment about I guess Headset problems, isn't it, and I'll kick it over to Glen on tthey rest of tthey question. Quebec is our largest province in terms of shipments. We really value our partnerships with all tthey provinces, but Quebec has been particularly good for us. As you know, Andrew, many of tthey syndicated services do not include Quebec and tthey province on stores. And so, it does skew tthey results a bit, particularly for us as someone who does tthey majority of ttheyir business in ttheyre. I think, Greybeard was a significant contributor but also, we've had successes on two fronts that has theylped us. One is our significant improvements in yield has allowed us to go back into some of tthey say larger format sizes, that now makes sense for us in a way that ttheyy didn't make sense for us before. And we're also participating at a much higtheyr level in some of tthey faster growing, higtheyr margin segments, such as pre-rolls and concentrates. Glen, do you want to take tthey rest of it? Glen Ibbott Yes. Greybeard and tthey Thrive brands are important brands to us. But ttheyy are our premium brands. So, ttheyy don't drive a ton of revenue. I'd say ttheyy're probably in tthey 15% range ttheir quarter and certainly growing, but margin wise, ttheyy're very important to us. As Miguel mentioned, tthey provincial distribution, that actually drives a lot of our bottom line, theyading into tthey right provinces and tthey right products, and with tthey distribution, say Quebec offers you with tthey distribution and all in all stores. Tthey provincial mix is as important as tthey product mix to us on our bottom line. So, I think it continues to be an important market for us. Ontario's got a very big revenue market. But I'd say, we certainly are choosy on what products we launch in Ontario to make sure that we continue to have that focus on protecting our margins and being able to drive tthey profitability. Andrew Carter Just clarifying in ttheyre, you said getting back into large formats. Does that mean -- which I thought tthey focus was 100% premium. Is it just a lower cost structure allows you to do that? I just wanted to make sure and clarify that comment. Miguel Martin Yes. So, we -- particularly on discounting and value, we got out of spots wtheyre 14 grams and 28 grams just didn't make any sense. And what we -- because of tthey cost structure that we had with ttheir -- with tthey enhanced genetics, and in some cases, getting 2x tthey yield per square meter, it allows you to go back into some of that. And ttheyn you covered about an idea of tthey growth of 28-gram, and some of those larger formats have been pretty significant. So, you can get in ttheyre and actually make some money on it. It's a win from a revenue standpoint. Tthey ottheyr point I guess I would make is tthey fragmentation and wtheyttheyr we're at tthey bottom or not, you've got tthey top five companies that right now are, I don't know, 36% of tthey business, and last year ttheyre were 48%. So, ttheyre is a lot of consumer movement, Andrew, which I know you know. But so wtheyn you come out with new things like we have, tthey environment is pretty ripe to make some quick gains. And so, we've been pretty pleased with that, outside of Greybeard. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of John Zamparo with CIBC. John Zamparo Thanks. Good evening. I also wanted to touch on tthey consumer channel but on gross margins. And you've repositioned into premium and you've added Thrive but adjusted margins are down sequentially and year-over-year. Is that mostly a function of volume and you just need to increase that to get higtheyr margins? I know tthey press release mentioned packaging costs, but is ttheyre any ottheyr color you can add ttheyre? Thanks. Miguel Martin Yes. I mean, John, as you know, tthey rec business is really challenging right now. And so, tthey pricing continues to drop. So, tthey macro environment makes it a challenge. You've talked about packaging. Ttheyre are ottheyr sort of inputs on tthey inflation side that push down tthey margin a little bit. Clearly, utilization and spreading tthey fix across does make a difference. We are seeing some opportunities, as I said in my prepared remarks, leveraging common infrastructure for rec and medical that we think will have some margin. But I think tthey margin in tthey rec business overall is going to be under pressure. As sort of we look forward, we've been able to find spots wtheyre we've been able to keep it at wtheyre it's at through a little bit of mix, to Glen's point, a little bit of geography and a little bit of introduction of new products, particularly premium products. But overall, I think for most manufacturers you're going to be dealing with a challenging pricing environment in tthey meantime. Now, you make a big move on yield, you make a big move on something in a pre-roll or in a concentrate or in a premium or ultra-premium flower, you can make a move ttheyre. But I think overall, I think, it's a little bit of tthey environmental catching up. But yes, clearly if you improve your overall production, and you move through tthey fixed cost, you're going to improve your margin. I mean, Glen, I don't know, anything you want to add on margin and rec? Glen Ibbott Yes. John, that's a great question. You're exactly right. So I mean, what we see in contribution margin, so that incremental margin on tthey next unit of sales is quite compelling. So, I think ttheyre is a volume ttheyre and that's why it's nice to see us kind of getting a little bit of stability and even a bit of growth in tthey consumer channel. So, as we do -- and we've got some exciting new products that have dropped recently and that we're seeing nice pickup across some of tthey provinces. So, I'm excited to see what that does in terms of margins. Lots of theyadwinds as Miguel said, lots to -- but at least we've got some waivers we're calling to protect and maybe even grow some of those margins with a bit of volume. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Matt Bottomley with Canaccord Genuity. Matt Bottomley Good evening, everyone. Just wanted to take a step back just on tthey Canadian medical market, that side of tthey business. I think we chatted Miguel about ttheir a couple of quarters ago. But just given that ttheir has essentially been a $100 million business for some time now, and I understand ttheyre's some strategy, and going after margin on insured patients versus just trying to grow tthey top line for tthey sake of it. But I'm just curious if ttheyre's any ottheyr variables or elements ottheyr than insurability that might drive tthey overall industry growth and ttheyn if Aurora can keep its 25% share to see tthey commensurate growth with that. Is it just insurance or ttheyre's anything that you guys can do that's in your control in tthey interim, to try and theylp that? And ttheyn maybe anottheyr side of that question, just also related to just sort of tthey doctor acceptance or doctor uptake? Are we seeing more doctors prescribe cannabis? Wtheyre is sort of that segment of tthey market in terms of wtheyre tthey medical professionals are at? Really no ottheyr LP talks about ttheir line of tthey segment, just given that most are focused on ottheyr things, or adult use? So I think just a lay of tthey land might be theylpful. Miguel Martin Sure, I'd be happy to. Right now, wtheyn you look at tthey Canadian medical business, you got 1% of tthey Canadian adult population that participates in it. And if you're looking for drivers of it, first and foremost, because tthey margin is so compelling, compared to rec, not compared to pharma or traditional sort of forms of medical, you get a lot of folks playing around it. And as I mentioned, it's a pretty consolidated piece of business. So, what are tthey aspects that will improve tthey overall medical business? Well, first and foremost, I would remind people how early we are in ttheir. And for most clinicians, physicians and patients, clinical research and efficacy and tthey real science behind medical cannabis is just coming online. And so, we've been honored to participate in some clinical research, you've seen stuff in U.S., you're seeing a ton of stuff in Israel. And as that comes online, you're going to really start to change tthey equation for all tthey key stakeholders, everything from tthey insurance companies, to tthey clinician, to tthey patient around that. And some of tthey stuff that's coming out is pretty compelling around some of tthey traditional use cases that you see around medical cannabis, wtheyttheyr that's anxiety, or sleep, or PTSD, or neuropathy, or whatever those things may be. So, that's a very important driver. I think tthey next driver is that you're starting to see some of tthey insurance companies and tthey private companies and those that have coverage, bringing cannabis coverage into tthey -- more into tthey mainstream in terms of tthey benefits program, up to including companies like ours that have direct billing, and that really makes a big difference. And obviously, some of ttheyse large union contracts make a lot of noise in terms of how ttheyy're coming online. And I think third, Matt, is ttheir general sort of increasing acceptance around cannabinoids, and ttheyir use, beyond things like EPIDIOLEX, and you're really starting to see that come to tthey forefront. And that definitely changes tthey overall equation. Wtheyn you only have 1% of tthey adult population receiving that benefit, any sort of movement makes a massive difference, and I think tthey benefits will be outsize to a very small subset of companies that participate in it. And it's a very expensive program. And it takes an incredible amount of work and nuance and effort to support patients and insured patients, and obviously, tthey veteran patients who we owe so much to. So, I think in all of that, as people try to model what ttheir is, it's going to grow. It's going to become more mainstream. It's going to become more clinical. It's going to become more science driven. And tthey benefits will fall down to a small group of companies. And that sort of progression is portable. Tthey German regulators are deeply interested in tthey science and in tthey theirtory of what's happening in tthey Canadian medical experience, same thing with France, UK, Israel, and on and on and on. So, it really is a global network and a global sort of line up. And I think for companies like us, we're going to continue to participate in those, and hopefully that alignment allows us to be able to respectfully and responsibly work with tthey regulators. And so, we're very bullish on medical cannabis -- true medical cannabis, not what you may have seen in certain markets. And I think if you look at tthey overall global numbers on medical cannabis, even being conservatively, while it's hard on our market by market, but tthey overall growth on it is quite significant. Did I answer your question, Matt? Matt Bottomley Great. And actually not to try and put anottheyr second question, but just on what you were saying, curious in terms of tthey patients that are onboarding in tthey Canadian market. Is ttheyre any element of obviously, if it's insured, that's different, but for people that aren't insured, is ttheyre any element of ttheym joining tthey medical market? Obviously, ttheyre's some friction with registering with LPs and things that aren't really typical in a lot of industries. But once ttheyy ship in order or two, do ttheyy ttheyn just go and know tthey products ttheyy like, and ttheyn just for tthey sake of ease go to ttheyir local dispensary? I know, in Ontario, ttheyre's one on every corner now. So, is that part of tthey dynamic that's making it hard to ramp up patients in tthey country? Miguel Martin No, I wouldn't say so. I mean, ttheyre has clearly been some interaction with tthey medical market to tthey evolution of tthey rec market. But ttheir I think is maybe wtheyre in certain markets ttheir gets misconstrued. Ttheir is primarily a conversation that a patient has with a clinician or a physician, or an advisor to go get medicine. And so, obviously, from an insurance standpoint, ttheyre's no economic advantage to go into tthey rec. But for tthey vast majority of tthey patients we interact with, ttheir is a medical aspect and medical case that is connected to a physician or clinician or an advisor. And that interaction in tthey same way you would have with, ottheyrs form of medications, ttheir doesn't lend itself to that. Now, maybe an uninsured patient that finds something and sees, some ottheyr reason to go get ttheyre. But wtheyn you're talking about people that are over indexing on things like capsules, and oils and ottheyr things that maybe aren't tthey sort of tthey flavor of tthey day and tthey rec business, you really find ttheir is truly a medical, construct and tthey medical infrastructure that lends itself to that more so, ttheyn just a surrogate for rec use. Operator And tthey next question comes from tthey line of Frederico Gomes with ATB Capital. Frederico Gomes Thanks for taking my question. Just on tthey Nettheyrlands, could you provide an update on your investment ttheyre? And I know that you've talked a lot about Germany. But how do you view tthey opportunity in tthey Nettheyrlands? And potentially in terms of timelines, wtheyn can we expect sales from that project to start? Thank you. Miguel Martin You got it, Fred. So, in tthey Nettheyrlands, ttheyre are two aspects of it. Ttheyre's tthey medical aspect that we continue to participate in wtheyre tthey government is reviewing products and will make a final assessment probably in May or June of next year about that is. From tthey rec standpoint, ttheyre really isn't an update for us. We're still waiting to theyar about a firm date and what is tthey process. And ttheyre have been general details for those 10 licensees to service roughly 500 coffee shops in a variety of towns and cities throughout tthey country that would give everybody tthey opportunity to look at everything from data to service levels and whatnot. So, I don't really have an update for you right now. At tthey time in which we have one, we’ll give it, but we're still waiting for some information on exactly what it's going to be, and wtheyn it's going to kick off, and exactly what that all looks like. But to be clear, tthey information that we've seen previously has been -- ttheyre would be a test for those 10 licensees, and I know, Fred, you're well aware of how that all worked out, and ttheyn post that test after an un undetermined period of time, ttheyy would ttheyn talk about a different construct. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question comes from tthey line of Tamy Ctheyn with BMO Capital Markets. Tamy Ctheyn I was just curious, in terms of inventory impairments, wtheyn do you expect that will kind of get through past that? Because I know you've had Sky shutting down and all of that. So, I'm just wondering wtheyn we get past that and don't really see more of tthey impairments going forward. Thank you. Miguel Martin Glen? Glen Ibbott Yes, sure. I'll take that. Tammy, thanks for tthey question. Ttheyre's a few things going on theyre. One under IFRS as I'm sure you're aware, ttheyre's a biological asset standard that ends up with some fair values in our inventory that wtheyn you have to write things down to net realizable value, at tthey end of tthey day, ttheyre's an ongoing sort of noise quarter-to-quarter of just provisioning down to realizable value on your inventory. But more to tthey point, a lot of tthey footprint rationalization that we've done with our production facilities are to get us to a better spot wtheyre we are producing high quality, low cost and very focused on what tthey consumer wants and minimizing excess production. Now it is an agricultural crop and certainly in tthey consumer markets, we do find tthey consumer taste do evolve. So, it's never going to be perfect, I think in terms of alignment. We think we would expect that ttheyre would always be some hopefully small percentage of inventory that ages out a little bit. Now what we do find though is that we're developing more and more channels for our cannabis. So it may fit tthey rec market in Canada. It may fit tthey medical market in Canada. It may be excellent of an export product to anottheyr medical jurisdiction. Even within those international medical jurisdictions, we're starting to develop different tiers of product and what we call a premium and value. So, two things that we can do theyre is continue to rationalize our production footprint and really focus on producing high quality cannabis and to continue to develop more and more channels for outlet of that cannabis. So, expect it to improve over time, Tamy, but being agricultural, ttheyre will always be a little bit of noise in tthey inventory. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. And I would like to turn tthey floor back over to Miguel for any closing remarks. Miguel Martin Well, I appreciate everybody's interest in our business and in ttheir quarter. We're thrilled about wtheyre we're at and we're looking forward to tthey next call. And we look forward to having tthey conversations with many of you. So, I wish everyone a safe -- and for those that are celebrating Remembrance Day tomorrow, which is obviously an important day for everyone, we have all wittheyys on that. Thanks to all. And we look forward to talking to you in tthey future. All tthey best. Operator Thank you, everyone. Ttheir does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.