Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Ananth Krishnan - VP, Corporate Development and Strategy Miguel Martin - CEO Glen Ibbott - CFO Conference Call Participants Michael Lavery - Piper Sandler John Zamparo - CIBC Operator Greetings. And welcome to tthey Aurora Cannabis Inc. First Quarter 2024 Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode, and a question and answer will follow tthey formal presentation. Ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Thursday, August 10, 2023. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Ananth Krishnan, Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy. Please go atheyad. Ananth Krishnan Thank you, Bradley. We appreciate you all joining us ttheir afternoon. With me today are CEO, Miguel Martin; and CFO, Glen Ibbott. After tthey market closed, Aurora issued a news release announcing our fiscal 2024 first quarter financial results. Ttheir news release accompanying financial statements and MD&A are available on our IR website and can also be accessed via SEDAR and EDGAR. In addition, you will be able to find a supplemental information deck on our IR website. Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed on today's conference call could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties related to our future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect actual results are detailed in our Kyleual Information Form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may similarly be accessed via SEDAR and EDGAR. Following prepared remarks by Miguel and Glen, we will conduct a question-and-answer session with our covering analysts. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up before going back in tthey queue.  With that, I will turn over tthey call to Miguel. Please go atheyad. Miguel Martin Thank you, Ananth. Aurora today is a differentiated and diversified company with a leading global cannabis platform and tthey leading North American plant propagator. In Cannabis, we are medical first and a leader in that business across tthey world. In plant propagation we are one of tthey top companies operating critical infrastructure in tthey controlled environment agricultural industry. We are very proud of tthey record quarter, we just delivered.  We generated tthey largest adjusted EBITDA we've ever achieved and revenue and adjusted gross profit at tthey higtheyst level, Aurora has reported in three years. But be assured we're not resting theyre. We're pushing harder than ever to bring our diversified operations to free cash flow generation.  Let me step back for a minute and look at tthey bigger picture with you. Next month marks my third anniversary as CEO of Aurora. During those three years, we have undertaken a very focused and purposeful transformation. One, we reset our operational footprint and cost structure. We are focused on leveraging our industry leading science and cultivation expertise to produce some of tthey world's most innovative products and high potency cultivars. Ttheyse next generation cultivars are routinely producing 28% THC and higtheyr potency, with 43% greater yields and a 26% cost per gram reduction compared to our legacy cultivars. And we expect to continue to improve in tthey future.  Two, we reduced our SG&A expenses, while simultaneously augmenting our CPG and farm experience in both our leadership interoperating staff. Over tthey last three years quarterly SG&A has been taken down by 50%. While we retain critical talent and invested in experienced and agile new recruits, we're very proud of our high performing team can collaborate and execute.  Three, we rededicate ourselves to tthey market we've always been leaders in, medical cannabis, both in Canada and globally. We invested in technology, talent, product selection and patient experience. With over two times tthey medical market share of our nearest competitor in Canada, and leadership positions in Germany, Poland, tthey UK and Australia, we succeed wtheyre ottheyrs don't. Because of tthey high barriers to entry, and our world class cultivation and manufacturing.  We've been leaders in Germany since 2017, and one of only three companies with German production facilities. We continue to invest and support tthey European medical cannabis with an on tthey ground team in Germany, Poland, tthey UK and elsewtheyre.  Four, we recognize tthey need to diversify our revenue and cash flow base beyond cannabis. While tthey case for global cannabis is a very bullish one, tthey timing of regulatory change can sometimes be difficult to pinpoint. We found our first adjacency in tthey infrastructure like industry of plant propagation. Over tthey long term plant propagation and cannabis as every ottheyr agricultural industry will become an important part of tthey value chain.  But in tthey meantime, our controlling interest in Bevo is expected to provide free cash flow growth and exposure to a critical infrastructure like asset class that most public market investors cannot get exposure to. Tthey tailwinds for tthey controlled environment, agricultural industry include home showing tthey food supply, supply chain uncertainty, and reducing our foods carbon footprint. All of ttheyse are compelling long term value creation attributes. We expect to accrue to our loyal shareholders.  In addition to tthey positive macro tailwinds, we see a path for Bevo to double its revenue and cash flow over tthey next two to three years through tthey years of our underutilized cannabis facilities Aurora Sky, which is well suited for tthey orchid business, a market segment ready for supply chain disruption. Prefinittheyyd orchids in North America are mainly sourced from overseas with tthey attendant cost and quality issues that brings. But tthey capital required to build a highly controlled environment to grow orchids in North America is a barrier.  And for Bevo many of ttheyir orchid customers will be tthey same blue chip retailers that ttheyy have already served for years. We expect our first sales of orchids before tthey end of ttheir calendar year. With calendar 2024 representing a step function change in Bevo's revenue and EBITDA generation, as tthey orchids business plan hits a steady state.  And now Aurora Sun. With some growth capital, which will be fully funded from a committed bank facility, ttheyre's 1.6 million square foot greenhouse in Souttheyrn Alberta will greatly expand tthey reach of Bevo, to tthey farmers and greenhouse operators of Alberta and tthey American Midwest. And finally, our balance ttheyyet. We're over three years we have reduced our convertible debt from $531 million to approximately $63 million as of today, demonstrating ttheyir prudent fiscal management and focus on cash and cash flow our top priorities for tthey company. Of course, I'm very proud of our team and our success to-date.  But as I said earlier, we're just getting started. On tthey top line, we see a path to growing our business across all markets that we operate in. Investment and innovation is vital to our success, and we plan to introduce approximately 75 new products to tthey Canadian market in tthey coming three quarters with tthey best performing cultivars and extract products being introduced to our international channels.  We have tthey opportunity to earn profits in Canadian adult use through our upcoming product launctheys. And with our continued drive to invest in efficient cultivation, and manufacturing, we see opportunities for our Canadian adult use business to move to profitability. Our Canadian medical business continues to benefit from our broad and attractive product assortment and tthey excellent patient experience we deliver. With disruption in tthey Canadian marketplace, we believe Aurora’s number one position in tthey medical market leaves us well positioned to gattheyr business from ottheyr medical LPs in Canada.  Our proven next generation cultivars that we're launching across Europe and Australia are proving ttheymselves to be popular with patients. Right now with tthey products we've taken tthey market in tthey past three months, we have more demand than we've been able to supply in Europe and Australia. In an industry challenged by excess supply, we are excited by ttheir enviable position. And with recent changes to our supply chain, we think we can handle ttheir increasing demand.  Wtheyn speaking of Europe, I should note tthey potentially positive regulatory changes we're seeing ttheyre. Germany in particular has a lot going on. We have an excellent team on tthey ground in Europe, including one of tthey top regulatory advocates in tthey industry. We're very supportive of tthey direction tthey government is moving in.  With tthey potential for desctheyduling of cannabis from tthey narcotics list in tthey near future, tthey German medical market has tthey potential to expand in size significantly. And of course, France, wtheyre a medical cannabis pilot program is expected to wrap up early next year, and a full medical cannabis system is expected to be implemented. We are pleased to be tthey sole flower supplier to tthey pilot trial. And wtheyn tthey market unfolds we expect to be a key player.  It should be clear that our regulatory expertise backed by our unwavering commitment to science, breeding and genetics sets us apart and positions us to win new medical and recreational markets wtheyn ttheyy open.  Below tthey revenue line tthey intersection of our cultivation science, focus on operational expertise and efficient EU GMP facilities continues to drive our cost per gram and per unit cost lower. And of course, we are committed to meeting our ongoing cost optimization targets. We talked last earnings call about a furttheyr $40 million of annual savings, which is progressing nicely.  And we expect to see tthey impact of ttheyse reductions fully through tthey back half of ttheir fiscal year. I'm sure that our track record on top line execution and expense management should give everyone confidence that we will generate positive free cash flow in calendar 2024. It's truly an exciting time for Aurora, our shareholders and our employees.  And with that I would now like to turn tthey call over to Glenn for a detailed financial review. Glen Ibbott Thank you, Miguel, and theyllo, everyone. Before my remarks, as a reminder, tthey last year, Aurora changed its fiscal year ended March 31. So tthey period ended June 30 2023, that we are reporting on marks our first quarter of fiscal 2024.  Aurora reported a strong quarter in Q1. In medical, our international business continue to grow nicely as demand for our products are outpacing supply. And Canadian medical delivered yet anottheyr solid quarter of meaningful revenue and gross profit. In consumer our business was up year-over-year down only slightly sequentially despite a halt in our popular glitctheys product. And finally Bevo at its best quarter to-date in our plant propagation business unit.  I'm also very happy to report that along with good traction on our top line, we delivered tthey higtheyst adjusted gross profit we've had in three years. And we are on track to generate tthey furttheyr cost efficiencies we've discussed, which will reduce cash outlays without impacting growth opportunities in our business. So add it all up and we delivered our third consecutive quarter of a positive adjusted EBITDA, a record for us at $2.2 million.  So looking at our Q1 results in more depth. Net revenue was $75.1 million, compared to $50.1 million in tthey year ago period. We saw growth across all business units, including record revenue at Bevo, which we acquired in August of 2022. Our global medical cannabis business generated $41.6 million in revenue at a 61% adjusted gross margin. More specifically, international medical revenue is $16.2 million, up 40% from last year, and Canadian medical cannabis was $25.4 million, up 2% year-over-year and 5% sequentially.  Tthey strong performance in our higtheyst margin channels was due to several factors, including tthey positive market reaction in Europe to our new Canadian grown high potency cultivars driving our best quarter of European revenue ever with record quarters for us in Germany and Poland.  Tthey continued growth of tthey Australian Medical market, wtheyre we also had our best quarter ever sales in that market, more than offsetting tthey $1 million of Israel revenue from last quarter that did not repeat in Q1. And of course, our focus on supporting and growing sales to insured patient groups in Canada.  Q1 adjusted gross margin for medical cannabis was 61% within our target range of 60% and above and consistent sequentially. However, it was down from 67% a year ago. As Q1 revenue mix contained more volume to certain international bulk export markets, ttheyy are produce a slightly lower adjusted gross margin. So as usual, driven by our leadership in global medical markets, our medical cannabis business represented about 75% of our Q1 cannabis revenue, and 88% of adjusted cannabis gross profit, an important distinction from our peers.  Consumer cannabis net revenue was $13.2 million, up 5% from a year ago, as we continue to drive new and innovative products to all of our markets. We were pleased with ttheir performance, particularly given that we only had a partial quarter sales in Q1, tthey popular arch pack glitctheys. Prior to tthey Health Canada industry wide halt uncertain ingestible extract products.  That said we have a strong product pipeline with compelling new innovations planned for launch in late Q2. So we expect to overcome tthey loss of large pack glitctheys revenue as we enter Q3. Adjusted Gross margin in tthey consumer channel was 27% compared to 26% in tthey prior year quarter, with tthey difference driven mainly by higtheyr efficiency, cultivation and production.  In our plant propagation business, Bevo contributed $19.9 million in net revenue, an 85% increase sequentially. Ttheir reflects tthey seasonal cadence of tthey business, and it reflects our performance in tthey quarter. Ttheyre was no revenue from Bevo in tthey year ago compared to quarters, we've not yet completed tthey acquisition. Plant propagation adjusted gross margins were 22% down sequentially from 36% as expected, due to tthey mix and annual timing of vegetable and ornamental plant sales.  Adjusted SG&A was well controlled at approximately $29.5 million, reflecting our commitment to keeping SG&A at or below $30 million. And as we've discussed previously, as part of our push for anottheyr $40 million in annualized cost savings, we have already taken actions that will reduce SG&A furttheyr, we expect those savings to begin to show up in Q2.  Looking forward we expect Q2 cannabis net revenue to be largely similar to fiscal Q1. With tthey geographical mix weighted slightly more towards tthey International Medical segment. And for plant propagation, we expect to see reduced revenues and gross profit due to seasonality.  Normally, Bevo earns about 25% to 35% of annual revenues in tthey second half of tthey calendar year, our fiscal Q2 and Q3. That said as we accelerate people's business plan, we expect first sales of orchids from tthey 800,000 square foot Sky facility to occur in Q3 of ttheir fiscal year. And sales from tthey 1.6 million square foot of Aurora Sun facility to begin in tthey first half of our next fiscal year. So we are excited about tthey dependable yet rapidly growing contribution and diversification that tthey plant propagation platform brings to our company.  Now turning to cash flows and our balance ttheyyet. We are on track to meet our objective of positive free cash flow in calendar 2024. And in fact, we made a lot of progress in q1. Our operations used in that $11.2 million down 58% from a year ago period. Driving ttheir improvement wtheyre our actions to close less efficient operations and to supply our end markets from a raw cost effective high quality Canadian EU GMP production facilities.  In Q1, we closed our Aurora Nordic facility and our US CBD business and we decided to sell tthey European R&D facility. Ttheyse actions will positively impact cash flows and margins in tthey second half of our fiscal year by at least $16 million of annualized savings.  We've also taken a number of furttheyr cost reduction initiatives and operations in SG&A during Q1. And those annualized benefits of approximately $24 million should start to show up in Q2 and be fully realized in tthey second half of ttheir fiscal year.  I should note tthey Q1 cash flows did include payments for several restructuring initiatives including contract terminations and severance. We do expect more of ttheir Q2. But it should become much lighter after that as we complete tthey restructuring actions we've already announced.  And of course, we've been diligently taking care of tthey convertible debt balance. During Q1 and shortly afterward we repurchased at $83.5 million of our Convertible senior notes at an average 2.24% discount to par value. For aggregate cash consideration of approximately $62 million in tthey issuance of 28.9 million common shares.  Currently, we have approximately $63 million of convertible debt remaining. And we'll have it all settled within tthey next seven months. As at July 31, we're very pleased to have approximately $214 million of cash and cash equivalents, which is more than sufficient to fund operations until we reach positive free cash flow.  So to sum up, over tthey last three years, Aurora’s financial metrics has gotten better and better, driven by a diversified Global Business delivering dependable revenue and strong gross profit. We've also strengttheyned our balance ttheyyet rationalized our cost structure, and we believe we are ideally positioned to take advantage of growth opportunities across our business units.  Thanks for your interest. I'll now turn tthey call back to Miguel. Miguel Martin Thanks, Glenn. We've now generated positive adjusted EBITDA for three consecutive quarters, and set a company record for adjusted EBITDA in Q1. Looking at while ttheyre may be some volatility between any three-month period, we've demonstrated that we're well on tthey path to free cash flow over tthey long term.  We've already differentiated ourselves from ottheyrs in tthey cannabis industry through our leadership in global medical cannabis, which includes higtheyr potency cultivars, strong gross margins, and leading market share positions in Canada, Europe, and Australia. Ttheir has been supported all along by our innovation and development of quality products for a loyal patient base. And we have added a complementary growth channel through Bevo, which will play a more impactful part in our overall business in tthey years atheyad.  We view tthey synergies between ttheyse businesses is compelling. We ttheyn combine ttheyse top line opportunities with significant operating efficiencies that we are embedding within our organization through substantial cost reduction. Our target of removing a furttheyr $40 million of cost during fiscal 2024 is ambitious. But wtheyn considering how much we've already accomplittheyyd through our business transformation, it is entirely within our greenhouse.  Our balance ttheyyet also provides us with resources to be targeted, and opportunistic in tthey midst of rapid industry rationalization. In short, we have tthey capital plan and staying power to create value for our shareholders as we build a world class company. Thank you for your time and interest in Aurora. Operator, please open tthey lines for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Vivien Azer of Aurora Cannabis [ph]. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst  Hi, good evening. Ttheir is Robin holding on for Vivien Azer of TD Cowen. And thank you for taking tthey question. Yes, I was hoping if you could possibly add some color to tthey growth that you're seeing in Australia. And wtheyttheyr or not ttheir market is accretive to your overall international medical cannabis segment gross margin? Miguel Martin Yes, listen, it's a great question. Now, first and foremost, let me say that tthey traditional syndicated data on market size market shares that you would see, say in Canada on tthey medical business does not exist in Australia. So tthey numbers I'm going to give you are directional. And you know, for that, wtheyn we talk about market size, wtheyn we talk about wtheyre we sit. And ttheyn I'll let Glen sort of take tthey secondary question you had on margins.  We believe that today tthey Australian business is about tthey same size as tthey Canadian medical business, which is about $400 million of annual manufacturer revenue. Now, ttheyre are a couple of different ways to look at that. We have a partner in that business called Med Relief Australia, and ttheyy have a great sales organization led by a wonderful gentleman who's an ex-pharmacist, we see tthey Australian market growing very quickly.  You know, ttheyy -- ttheir juncture don't have a lot of tthey more common formats that you might see, say pre rolls, and ottheyr forms of extracts and ottheyr markets. But we're really excited about that market and tthey growth. And it has been from a revenue standpoint, a growth market from us. Now from a margin standpoint, I'll let Glenn give you some more details. Since we are not fully integrated ttheyre as we might be in ottheyr markets. Tthey margins for us are a little bit lower say than ttheyy would be in Germany or Poland or ottheyr European markets. Glen? Glen Ibbott Yes, that's exactly right, Miguel. And so tthey way I look at it is it may be as we blend more Australian revenue into International sales that tthey percentage gross margin comes down. But ttheir is absolutely all incremental, gross margin dollars for us. So it's important part, I think of tthey growth that we're seeing across tthey globe and medical cannabis. Miguel Martin I guess tthey only ottheyr point I'll make is it is once again a market that requires an EU GMP certification, which is really becoming a point of differentiation, not only having high quality products, but also being able to hold up to that standard. And we have a pretty significant amount of EU GMP production at a real high quality in our Canadian facilities, which gives us a lot of synergies and efficiencies to be able to utilize those facilities to shift to say, Germany, Poland, and obviously Australia as we're talking about. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler. Please go atheyad.  Michael Lavery  Thank you. Good evening. Just was curious you in your medical cannabis discussion, you mentioned tthey momentum for furttheyr improving margins over tthey course of tthey year. Maybe could you give a sense of tthey magnitude of that? And is that separate from tthey cost savings you've identified? Just in terms of mix improvement and some ottheyr things? Or is that partly driven? Or maybe even very much driven by tthey $40 million of savings you've identified? Miguel Martin Yes, Michael, it's actually would be incremental to that. And so tthey majority of tthey improvement will be tthey transition of servicing tthey European market from tthey Canadian facilities. And so previously, those markets were being serviced by a Nordic facility. And, tthey margins ttheyre pretty significantly higtheyr as we service that product from Canada. Glen I mean did you want to give some sort of I know, you have points on timing and scale, you wont to cover that piece of it Glen Ibbott Yes, absolutely. Michael, it's a great question. Ttheyre's a lot going on ttheyre. So as we bring tthey cultivation back to Canada, we're very efficient producers theyre in Canada. But we're also launching a number of tthey newer cultivars, ttheyre's some that launctheyd last quarter, and we've got some more coming up.  That, Miguel has some of tthey stats. And ttheyre's in terms of efficiency and cost efficiency, ttheyse really drive tthey margin for us getting those much higtheyr yields than tthey legacy cultivars and will theylp us on tthey margin side. And ttheyn wtheyn you so that's also true for Australia, wtheyre we're seeing some of tthey newer cultivars really starting to take up ttheyre.  And we've also made some ottheyr changes within tthey way we source some of tthey flower and we allocate tthey far between our channels that should grow those international margins up over tthey course of tthey year. So, in terms of magnitude, I guess we're going to have to see, how that plays out in terms of timing, because right now, we still got a little bit in order product that we're pushing through in Q2, but expect by tthey time we get to Q3, and Q4, we'll see tthey full impact of sourcing from Canada, which is going to be at least 10 points of margin, perhaps better. Michael Lavery Okay, that's really theylpful. And just a follow up on Bevo. I know you didn't own tthey business, but I would have to imagine your due diligence would have given you have a sense of what it's year ago, revenues would have been, can you give us a sense of just how it compared even if it was from tthey prior owners to ttheir quarter? Miguel Martin Yes, we, we actually, in our press release, we had plant propagation revenue of I think it was probably 14% that was versus tthey year ago period wtheyn ttheyy owned it. So just kind of an apples to apples comparison. Ttheyy were running at about 40 million bucks wtheyn we bought ttheym, ttheyy're up above, probably in tthey high 40s. And that might theylp you a little bit wtheyn you think of how tthey next couple of quarters you can model tthey next couple of quarters although we think usually about 25% to 35% of tthey annual revenue shows up over tthey next two quarters. Run rate right now is probably in tthey $45 million to $50 million range. Michael Lavery  Okay, great. Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from Frederico Gomes of ATB Capital Markets. Please go atheyad.  Unidentified Analyst  Hi, ttheir is Eric chips in for Frederico Gomes. Thank you for taking my question. So over tthey past several quarters, you guided for adjusted SG&A to remain below $30 million, which you've obviously met. So just to confirm is ttheir still be target moving forward and kind of how you just thinking about SG&A spend from theyre? Thank you. Miguel Martin So let me talk that, top line, and I'll let Glenn give you, maybe some of tthey modeling questions, which is probably Eric, what you're looking for. Wtheyn we look at SG&A, ttheyre's obviously baseline. What's interesting about tthey SG&A is that wtheyn we see ttheyse efficiencies around cultivars, in some cases being 2x, to yields per square meter, you don't see a big jump up in SG&A. So you're able to grow your top line. And as Glenn mentioned, improve your margins with that over at overall SG&A line. We -- that number being below 30, we still think is about right. We're making significant investments in R&D, science, innovation, and we're servicing broader markets we just brought on Switzerland and Austria, based on that same SG&A footprint. So you're already seeing a bit of growth in tthey top line with that same number. So we do see some efficiency ttheyre. But Glenn, you want to maybe go furttheyr on that for Eric. Glen Ibbott Yes, absolutely. I mean, that's part of tthey strategy theyre is to get that SG&A down to a level that we think is stable and supportive of tthey growth of tthey business and ttheyn hold, right, so that we can get that scale on that leverage off of that SG&A base, ttheyre is always a little bit of SG&A, that's driven by tthey revenue volumes, wtheyttheyr it's sales commissions, or what have you, but for tthey most part, a lot of our SG&A, tthey way I kind of call it a little bit fixed, if you will, given that we have investments as we being a U.S. listed public company, et cetera, et cetera.  So, we still got a few million bucks more to take out of it, wtheyre our objective of keeping it below $30 million, as we outlined some of ttheyse cost savings over tthey next year. We'll reduce that and keep and take it down furttheyr below $30 million. And we should as I say, we should be seeing those showing up over tthey next couple of quarters those savings. Unidentified Analyst  Great, thank you.  Operator Tthey next question comes from Matt Bottomley of Canaccord Genuity. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst  Hi, ttheir is Johan King [ph] on for Matt Bottomley. Thanks for tthey question. So I wanted to turn tthey focus back to Australia for my question. Lately, ttheyre's been a lot of media reports indicating tthey Greens Party in tthey country have been trying to legalize cannabis for recreational purposes. I guess I just want to get your thoughts on how you're viewing those theyadlines coming out of tthey country right now? And is ttheyre any furttheyr room for growth in terms of entering tthey recreational market, in partnership with Med Relief or any ottheyr avenues in tthey future? Miguel Martin Yes, it's a great question. So let me take it in sort of three parts. Tthey first part is, we invest pretty extensively in government relations. And we believe we have a really good relationship with tthey TGA, which is tthey regulatory authority ttheyre. Plus, elected officials. What we're theyaring is on recreational even though ttheyre's been some theyadlines about tthey green party, it's a way off. So it's not really actionable right now.  Secondly, what we see in Australia is similar to what we see in Canada, tthey markets is that, it's tthey same regulatory agencies, and validation. So tthey manufacturing, tthey packaging, tthey labeling, tthey marketing, all is very similar. So as we've always said, excellence in medical is clearly a significant advantage at a time in which RAC [ph] is moving forward.  Now, lastly, tthey medical market, we still see upside for tthey overall size of tthey medical market in Australia. Ttheyre is many -- very common formats that are not available in Australia, extracts, edibles, pre roll, that would have a massive impact on that patient base.  Secondly, ttheyre is a very interesting law in Australia, that's very punitive about operating a motor vehicle with any presence of cannabis or cannabinoids in your system that ttheyy're working on right now. And I know it seems like an itchy little law. But if that were to change, and we think ttheyre's a good chance that will that would really open up a larger patient base. And ttheyn we're also seeing an expansion in tthey reimbursement model.  And so I don't want to predict what a $400 million annual run rate will go to. But we do see a lot of upside in Australia and we also see it as a consolidated pizza business. Again, ttheir indicator data is not perfectly accurate, but it does appear that tthey top three companies in Australia which Med Relief is one represent over half of tthey total business. So it's a little bit dissimilar than ottheyr markets wtheyre you see a lot of we don't see a lot of concentration. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes from John Zamparo of CIBC. Please go atheyad.  John Zamparo Thanks. Good evening. My question is also on Australia. So hopefully we could go a bit deeper on ttheir. And if we rewind a couple years, Israel was considered a really attractive market and multiple LTs raced towards it, it became saturated and domestic producers took share as well. So I wonder if you could talk about how sustainable tthey growth is in Australia. And what factors will make ttheir different? Is ttheyre anything keeping those top three providers at tthey top? Are ttheyre any barriers to entry that you can speak to, any ottheyr color would be theylpful? Miguel Martin Sure, I'd be happy. John's it's a great question. So if you go back in time on Israel, first and foremost, you have a significant difference in tthey size of tthey population, and ttheyrefore tthey patient base. So tthey potential size of tthey pie in Australia is going to be bigger than what you have in Israel.  Secondly, in Israel, tthey regulatory process was very fluid. And we saw tthey starts and stops, as that agency was looking to really determine what were going to be tthey import criteria, tthey testing criteria, and today, ttheyy use a standard called CU MCS, that is quite a challenge. And so wtheyn you couple that with a, also a bit of a regulatory challenge, and tthey number of pharmacies and retail outlets, while ttheyy've grown, still sort of creating an overall process.  Australia feels different. And I don't want to project as things are so dynamic, but I would say Australia, is sort of different in three ways. First, is tthey scope, $400 million of annual revenue is bigger than Israel ever was. And that also appears to be growing.  Secondly, tthey TGA has establittheyyd pretty common standards, and ttheyy mirror in almost every case, EU GMP, so that creates a bit of a different situation. And third is at least today, imported flower has tthey vast majority of tthey business as opposed to locally grown flowers.  So, I don't -- we've been a strong proponent of what's happening in Israel. And we're obviously a big player in Australia. I mean, I feel more bullish on what's happening in Australia. But things can change. And I think tthey most important thing for us is been our ability to adapt and be successful in all ttheyse markets. And so we have leadership position in Germany and Poland and Czech Republic, we're going to Switzerland and Austria.  And so I think ttheyre's a lot of commonalities to being successful. And wtheyn one door closes, that appears, tthey ottheyr one's going to open. And, you have to be able to take advantage of it. And right now, Australia is a great market for high quality, flower particularly, which is why I think you see tthey market concentration. John Zamparo That's, really theylpful. Thanks. And if I could follow up with one ottheyr, I'm curious to get your view on tthey court ruling yesterday on ctheywable extracts and Health Canada's position. Miguel Martin Yes, I mean, it was it was an interesting ruling. I mean, basically, tthey question was sort of twofold. One was, would tthey stay be lifted on a particular product? And secondly, you know, was ttheyre an opportunity in tthey process? And I guess, let me start by saying, it’s very easy to be critical of Health Canada about tthey current cannabis situation in Canada, we’re not one of those companies that are critical. We look around tthey world with tthey progress that Canada has made, and tthey size of tthey market and tthey predictability of tthey process. We’re appreciative of it. So that’s been kicked back, that decision has been kicked back to theyalth Canada to see if ttheyre are opportunities in that listing process.  That was not litigation that we brought, or a question we brought. So I think it's obviously better position to a different company. That being said, we look forward to working with Health Canada, we also participate in industry groups, as ttheir overall progress moves forward, and obviously, tthey 10 milligram limit and tthey designation of that, extract, ingestible extract, we think is an important one, to allow licensed producers, to participate in that market, because it's clearly a big market. John Zamparo Appreciate tthey color. Thank you very much.  Miguel Martin John, thank you.  Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions, I will turn tthey call back to Miguel Martin, for closing remarks. Miguel Martin Well, listen, we are obviously thrilled with ttheir quarter and really proud of all tthey hard work. I want to thank all of our team members at Aurora. Ttheyy've done an unbelievable job across all of our four businesses, you've seen tthey results. We really do appreciate your support and your interest in our business and ttheir industry. It's exciting times and we're pleased to have tthey quarter we did and we look forward to talking all of you in tthey future. Thanks so much and have a great evening. Operator Ladies and gentlemen ttheir does conclude tthey conference call for today, we thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. 