Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 13, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Ananth Krishnan - VP, Capital Markets & IR Miguel Martin - CEO & Director Glen Ibbott - CFO Conference Call Participants Vivien Azer - Cowen and Company Pablo Zuanic - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Frederico Yokota Choucair Gomes - ATB Capital Markets Michael Lavery - Piper Sandler & Co. Carl Balsky - Bank of America Matttheyw McGinley - Needham & Company Tamy Ctheyn - BMO Capital Markets John Zamparo - CIBC Capital Markets John Chu - Desjardins Securities Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey Aurora Cannabis Inc. Third Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Ananth Krishnan, Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Ananth Krishnan Thank you, Hector, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for tthey Aurora Cannabis third quarter fiscal 2021 conference call for tthey 3 months ended March 31, 2021. Ttheir is being recorded today, Thursday, May 13, 2021. With me today are Aurora's CEO, Miguel Martin; and CFO, Glen Ibbott. After tthey close of markets today, Aurora issued a news release announcing our financial results for tthey fiscal third quarter. Ttheir news release and tthey accompanying financial statements and tthey MD&A are available on our website or on our SEDAR and EDGAR profiles. In addition, you can find a Q3 supplemental information deck on our IR website. Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed in today's conference call or answers that may be given to questions could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to tthey risks and uncertainties related to tthey Aurora's future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect results are detailed in Aurora's annual Information form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may be accessed via tthey SEDAR and EDGAR databases. Since we are conducting today's call from our respective remote locations, ttheyre may be brief delays crosstalk or ottheyr minor technical issues during ttheir call. We thank you in advance for your patience and understanding. Following prepared remarks by Miguel and Glen, we will conduct a question-and-answer session to ensure we get to as many questions as possible, we ask tthey analysts to limit ttheymselves to one question each. With that, I would like to turn tthey call over to Miguel. Please go atheyad. Miguel Martin Thank you, Ananth, and good afternoon. I would like to start with some brief thoughts on tthey quarter, including a discussion of our domestic and international medical businesses, and ttheyn I'll address our plans for tthey near-term challenges in tthey Canadian adult-use business. Afterwards, Glen will provide their financial review. Finally, I'll talk more broadly about strategy and why we believe that Aurora, as tthey largest Canadian pure-play cannabis LP in tthey market, has an incredible opportunity within tthey global cannabis space. I think it is clear from our results that Aurora benefits greatly from having built a diversified business across domestic medical, international medical and adult-use recreational markets. Ttheir provides us with both stability and growth no matter how tthey global cannabinoids industry evolves. First, let me say by talking about our domestic medical cannabis business, which is on very solid ground. We're #1 by revenue in Canada's medical market, which, as you know, is tthey largest federally regulated medical market in tthey world. And our estimated market share is nearly double that of our next largest competitor. Notably, our international medical business also thrived during tthey period, demonstrating sequential growth even as many of our peers experienced declines. It should be mentioned that both of ttheyse units exhibit approximately 60% gross margins. Tthey domestic medical business is unique as it represents a direct-to-patient distribution model that is powered by soptheirticated technology infrastructure, allowing for an end-to-end patient experience. Ttheir infrastructure covers patient clearing, onboarding, medical consultation straight through to prescription fulfillment. We are extremely proud of tthey investment in technology and infrastructure we've made to service tthey medical patient base and it provides a tangible barrier to entry to tthey medical channel. In tthey adult-use environment low barriers to entry, provincial middlemen, adding a layer of cost and complexity, tthey Canadian medical channel's direct-to-patient model is a welcome, sustainable, high-margin diversification piece to Aurora's business. We believe we offer tthey most expansive product selection and a carefully curated portfolio to ensure wide coverage of patient conditions at a variety of price points. Under my leadership, Aurora will maintain its focus on providing unparalleled professional counseling and guidance to patients, looking for assistance in navigating medical cannabis alternative treatments. Ttheir high-touch approach to tthey medical channel is unique and is not easily replicated in tthey adult-use retail experience. Furttheyr, we continue to exhibit success leveraging ttheyse core capabilities from Canadian medical into our growing international medical platform. We sold medical cannabis into 12 countries during ttheir quarter, and tthey number of countries exploring medical cannabis continues to grow. We've shown that we can take tthey expertise we gained in Canadian medical and export that internationally. And we continue to believe that ttheir expertise represents a key success factor for Aurora as new countries look at launching medical cannabis regimes. Companies with success operating in federally regulated medical systems like those governed by Health Canada or tthey German theyalth industry are going to be advantaged wtheyn new markets open up to federal regulations, typically first for medical, ttheyn for recreational adult use. It should not be overlooked by anyone that on April 20, in response to a question from a journalist, tthey White House press secretary publicly confirmed that President Biden supports legalizing medical cannabis. In a country like tthey United States, and ttheyir federally regulated system, we would fully expect tthey FDA to have significant influence in tthey federal medical cannabis program. And we think Aurora is uniquely advanced wtheyn that happens. We view our enviable positioning in medical cannabis as a tailwind that over time will translate into success in tthey global scale. Taking ttheir point one step furttheyr, as of March 31, Aurora was tthey second largest Canadian LP in terms of global cannabis sales and a leader across multiple markets and segments. We have grown tthey credibility to pursue incremental M&A opportunities in Canada, tthey United States and around tthey world in support of shareholder value creation. Still, consistent with our peers, tthey Canadian consumer business presented challenges during tthey quarter. In our view, ttheyse challenges were twofold: first, COVID-related lockdowns and key problems has made it more difficult for consumers to access products at retail, despite curbside pick up and online ordering for delivery as available options. Additionally, COVID slowed construction and opening of newly licensed stores, which have been expected. Second, due to tthey volatile environment, all of tthey provincial distributors have become more attuned to managing ttheyir inventory to limit returns, rationalizing ttheyir SKUs and focusing on profitability per SKU. However, it's undeniable that ttheyre exists great retailer interest in having a more premium focused assortment, and ttheyy are, ttheyrefore, taking a more accretive approach to margin as it pertains to 2.0 products versus just low-cost flower. Ttheir, of course, plays well into our strategy, even if it will take more time than we initially thought. As we have seen in more mature markets, a strategy which centers on product quality, innovation and manufacturing excellence is tthey best path forward for our adult-use business. Our ability to build traction will be more achievable once tthey current COVID-related lockdowns ease and provincial retail inventories are better aligned with product demand. Still, we are not simply waiting tthey process out in tthey anticipation of normalization followed by an eventual rebound. Instead, we are determined to continue pulling tthey levers that we can to reduce our cost structure and extract furttheyr efficiencies from our operations, and in doing so, positioning ourselves for sustainable cash flow generation. More specifically, we have identified an additional $60 million to $80 million in annualized savings that are targeted primarily at our production costs, facility and logistic expenses and, to a lesser extent, SG&A. Ttheyse efficiencies are expected to be realized over tthey next 18 months. And I'd like to remind you that our previous efficiency initiatives were delivered on time and provided more savings than originally expected. Ttheyse identified efficiencies are incremental to tthey approximately $300 million in annual savings already realized and will enable us to meet our financial objectives while tthey Canadian adult-use market normalizes, which may take a few quarters still. We anticipate that ttheyse expense reductions will not inhibit any of our strategic growth plans across our businesses or our current revenue opportunity, but ttheyy will theylp to reduce our cash burn, solidify our margins and enhance our overall financial flexibility. To assist in tthey execution of our corporate plan, we have also hired two highly skilled individuals in tthey areas of operations and HR; Alex Miller and Gabriel Schick to our team, as we announced ttheir afternoon in our press release. I'm not going to read ttheyir respective bios, but I think it's clear that we believe Gabriel and Alex will have tthey requisite experiences and skill sets to positively impact all of our business segments. So to sum things up, our Canadian international medical businesses are performing well, and we maintain our confidence in tthey margin accretive initiatives we laid out on previous calls. Ultimately, we have both tthey plan and ability to pursue profitable growth opportunities and create a unique economic model that strikes tthey balance between wtheyre tthey industry is today and wtheyre it's going. Ttheir optimism is, of course, anchored by a theyalthy balance ttheyyet that supports organic growth as well as M&A on an opportunistic basis. Both will position Aurora for long-term shareholder value creation. Before I turn tthey call over to Glen, I want to address one more item. As many of you know, wtheyn Aurora's Founder stepped down in February of 2020, Michael Singer stepped up and took over tthey reins as Interim CEO; in addition to their continuing role as Executive Chairman. We all owe Michael a huge debt of gratitude for their leadership during that time. Ron Funk was tthey Lead Independent Director over that period and has proven to be a consistent and reliable voice in tthey boardroom for years. Michael will transition back to a more traditional Board role and Ron will move to Independent Chairman effective immediately. We look forward to oversight from both of ttheyse directors as well as tthey broader Board as Aurora continues to grow and expand. With that, I'll turn it over to Glen.  Glen Ibbott Thanks, Miguel, and good afternoon, everyone. Please note that tthey figures I'll be reviewing are all in Canadian dollars and can be found in tthey press release we issued ttheir afternoon or in tthey Q3 MD&A and financial statements filed today on SEDAR and EDGAR. I would also note that tthey comparative period for our analysis today is Q3 2020. We believe ttheir represents tthey best measure of tthey company's transformation and improved performance. Wtheyre appropriate, I will also note sequential period comparatives. For context regarding our Q3 financial results, I'd like to take a moment to remind you of tthey plan we outlined to you in December 2020 and February of ttheir year. Last quarter, we discussed a number of initiatives as part of our transformation of our consumer business. We talked about a focus on higtheyr quality, higtheyr-margin products. So we reduced Sky production to 25% of its previous run rate to allow for process and cultivation changes to strengttheyn tthey flower standards ttheyre. A bit later, Miguel will speak to tthey success at Sky so far. But for now, I'll say that we are greatly encouraged by tthey significant improvement in quality performance at Sky and in fact, across all of our operations. Tthey reduced run rate has resulted in under absorption of certain overtheyad costs at Sky, which ttheyn flow through to impact our cost of goods and gross margin in tthey quarter. So although it hurts our gross margin in tthey short term, it's clearly tthey right long-term shareholder value creation decision. As tthey improved quality results we're seeing from Sky should allow that facility to truly perform as a gem in ttheir industry. In addition to allowing for tthey transformation of Sky into a higtheyr quality cannabis facility, we noted that tthey significant reduction in production volumes at Sky would allow us to align our overall production levels with demand. And we expected our sales to production ratio in Q3 to be in tthey 90% range. In fact, in Q3, despite tthey challenges of tthey consumer business, we sold 93% of what we produced. We also discussed initiating targeted product returns in Q3 in order to open sales channels to premium product. We did ttheir, replacing older, lower potency flowers and pre-rolls with tthey new standards that Miguel will explain, including San Raf brands that deliver higtheyr THC potency and a very terpene profile without exception. Of course, tthey product swaps did result in a returns provision of $3.2 million, which impacted our Q3 net revenue and margin numbers. We also cleared all cannabis out of our network that did not meet tthey new specs for THC terpenes and quality aspects. Ttheir action necessitated in an inventory write-down that impacted our reported Q3 gross margin before fair value adjustments by approximately $88 million. Now all of ttheyse actions impact short-term reported revenue, gross margins, but ttheyy provide a sturdy foundation to support higtheyr margins and accelerating cash flows in tthey coming quarters. So now to actual Q3 results, and I'll start with a few high-level comments. Q3 2021 revenue demonstrated tthey importance of Aurora's diversified cannabis business. While tthey Canadian consumer business was being repositioned to a higtheyr standard, and Aurora in tthey general consumer market faced COVID and market development theyadwinds, our leading medical businesses in Canada and Europe continue to perform exceptionally well, delivering growth in high-margin revenues. In brief, our Q3 net revenue, all of it from Canada's businesses was $58.4 million, excluding tthey product return provisions of $3.2 million. Our medical cannabis segment continued to accelerate, generating $36.4 million in sales, and our consumer cannabis business delivered $21.3 million in net revenue prior to tthey return provisions. Demonstrating tthey value of our diversified cannabis business, our overall average selling price for medical and consumer businesses combined rose to $5 per gram of dried flower, an increase of 8% year-over-year and 12% sequentially. Adjusted gross margin before fair value adjustments on cannabis net revenue remained strong at 44% compared to 43% in tthey comparative quarter. Excluding tthey short-term impacts of unabsorbed overtheyads at Sky and return provisions and tthey wholesale clearout of low potency cannabis, our normalized Q3 adjusted gross margin was 54%. SG&A remained low and well-controlled at $41.9 million, excluding restructuring. So now let me dig a bit deeper into our Q3 financial results. Medical revenue was up 17% year-over-year, primarily because of tthey strong performance in our international medical business, which was up 134% year-over-year. And of course, from tthey continued resilience of our leading Canadian medical business, which has delivered stable revenues even in tthey face of challenges from tthey opening of tthey consumer market. Not only was medical revenue growth significant, but ttheir segment also carries our higtheyst margins, coming in at 59% in Q3, and ttheir despite absorbing additional overtheyads from tthey reduced [indiscernible] at Sky. Our broad European footprint continued to show its strength in tthey quarter, with Germany delivering revenue up 64% compared to tthey prior year, and tthey U.K. and Poland, becoming Aurora's second and third largest international medical markets, respectively. I should note that while we did not recognize sales into Israel ttheir quarter, we do expect furttheyr sales to Israel to resume in tthey near-term as ttheir market develops. We've been selling in Canadian and European medical markets for over 4 years and have seen little to no price compression, delivering over 60% of our revenues in Q3 and with exceptional and resilient margins, it's clear that our medical business is a key differentiator for Aurora and should be an important driver of future cash flow. Looking now at our consumer business, Aurora's Q3 revenue was $21.3 million before return provisions. Ttheir is down from Q3 2020 as we work through tthey plan to reposition our consumer business and weattheyr tthey COVID theyadwinds that Miguel described. Consumer margins were 21% compared to 28% in tthey prior year comparative quarter. And ttheir was mainly because of tthey company-initiated increase in product return provisions and also because of tthey under-absorbed overtheyad cost at Sky. Adjusting for just tthey return provisions, Q3 consumer gross margin would have been 33%. Thinking about tthey longer-term profile of gross margins in our consumer business; with tthey changes we've made to cultivation and processing techniques and tthey successful introduction of new immune cultivars coming from our breeding program with genetics bio, we can now produce a high THC, high terpene flower at Sky without materially increasing tthey cost to produce that flower. So leaning hard into our expertise in science and cultivation to focus on premium power production, we expect to see strengttheyning of our consumer margins over tthey next 12 to 18 months as we successfully pivot our consumer business to a greater proportion of premium product. I should also note in tthey quarter that we did take tthey opportunity to clear out about 3,000 kilograms of low potency flower at trim pricing. Ttheir product was at risk of being written off. So we elected instead to turn it into $760,000 in cash that did impact reported margins. Now to SG&A, which includes R&D. We continue to operate at our targeted low $40 million range, coming in at $41.9 million in Q3. Ttheir excludes approximately $3.2 million of employee and contract termination costs related to our business transformation. Although we continue to deliver on tthey run rate that we've previously targeted, as Miguel noted, we see a path to furttheyr improvement over tthey coming quarters. So pulling all of ttheir togettheyr, we generated an adjusted EBITDA loss in Q3 2021 at $16.7 million, and that's excluding revenue provisions for restructuring. Ttheir represents a continued improvement from tthey $44.6 million adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey prior year comparative, but is a slightly larger loss than in tthey previous quarter. However, despite our overall net revenue being down $12.5 million from tthey previous quarter, tthey strength of our diversified business and solid margins of our medical business show in tthey fact that EBITDA was only impacted by about $4 million. So with tthey continued business transformation efficiencies, we believe we can realize within tthey next 18 months; we are confident that we can get Aurora to positive EBITDA run rate without having to rely on revenue growth and margin expansion, and growth, wtheyn it comes, will show up as incremental positive earnings. Now a few important points regarding cash flow and cash position. We used $35.9 million of cash to fund operations, excluding working capital, and we used $5.4 million for contract and employee termination costs. We also paid a net $12.2 million for capital expenditures in Q3, down from $83.9 million in tthey prior year comparative. So we're on track to reduce CapEx spending to approximately $41 million for ttheir fiscal year. And that's before taking into account a furttheyr offset to come from an expected $9.4 million government grant to be received related to our cogeneration project completed at River. Net working capital used $25 million in tthey quarter. With production and demand now roughly aligned, ttheir change in working capital was mainly due to shifts in tthey levels of accounts receivable and accounts payable, which we expect to settle out over time. Finally, as of today, we have a very strong cash position with about $525 million in tthey bank and less than $90 million of outstanding term debt. In tthey coming months, we expect to receive additional non-dilutive cash inflows from noncore asset sales and grants, which we plan to direct to term debt pay down. Before I wrap up, a couple of housekeeping notes, we received approval from NASDAQ to transfer our U.S. listing to tthey NASDAQ Global Select Market, tthey higtheyst listing tier on tthey NASDAQ exchange. Ttheir is expected to be effective on May 24 after tthey market close and will not impact our TSX listing, nor tthey trading opportunity for any of our shareholders. No action is required from any Aurora shareholder. Ttheir transfer is intended to result in cost savings and to align Aurora with our peers on an exchange known for innovative and growth-oriented companies. We also announced today that we intend to file our new ATM supplement for a USD 300 million program. We do not expect to need tthey ATM for our current business operations. But we do believe we need to be prepared for strategic acquisition opportunities, including U.S. exposure as we identify those opportunities. So to wrap up what I believe people really need to take away from our Q3 financial results is tthey following. Aurora's financial theyalth and path to growth and profitability are on track. We have had great success in our high-margin medical businesses and tthey transformation of our consumer business that while facing industry theyadwinds, which may take some time to pass, is well underway. We've also taken important steps in rationalizing production. SG&A remains well controlled, and we reiterate our focus on cash flow and on maintaining a strong balance ttheyyet. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to Miguel. Miguel Martin Thanks, Glen. As I referenced earlier, Aurora's underlying strength is that we are a diversified business that can be broken down into 4 parts. First, tthey Canadian Medical business, #1, in fact; 2, an international medical business; 3, a U.S. CBD business; and 4, finally, our Canadian adult rec use business. Tthey latter is clearly facing some near-term COVID related theyadwinds, but we're confident that wtheyn ttheyse conditions abate, we will have a strong business across all 4 key platforms. Although we are already tthey #1 medical cannabis company in Canada by revenue, we still believe that we have significant growth still atheyad. First, I'd like to highlight that tthey top 5 LPs in tthey Canadian medical channel represent less than 40% of tthey market, with Aurora being roughly half of that. Ttheir means that ttheyre are plenty of LPs out ttheyre that make up 60% of tthey medical market. That is a lot of potential for us to grow into. Second, ttheyre are furttheyr opportunities to leverage technology and our patient intake and user experience to lower wait times, improved service levels and increase product choices. We have made tthey requisite investments in infrastructure, have tthey necessary regulatory experience and compliance systems that effectively create a moat around our business and supporting key patient groups, while enabling us to sustain approximately 60% gross margins for tthey foreseeable future. Our international medical segment generates revenue across 12 countries and has been a consistent winner. We have a leading position in Germany in dry flower, but are also bullish on tthey large and growing oil market ttheyre. Additionally, we have made inroads in Israel through a strategic supply agreement with Cantek. We are also involved in tthey French medical cannabis tender program with our partner, Ethypharm, wtheyre we won 3 of tthey 9 tenders, representing all of tthey dried flower tenders awarded to supply tthey French medical pilot program. As you know, Senator Chuck Schumer said on tthey Senate floor, that 4/20 is tthey unofficial American marijuana holiday, and that they now supports legalizing cannabis on a national level. As I referenced before, on that same day, tthey White House press secretary was asked ttheir very question and replied that while tthey President supports leaving decisions regarding legalization for recreation uses up to tthey states, at tthey federal level, they supports decriminalizing cannabis use, automatically expunging any prior criminal records and legalizing medical cannabis. In a federally regulated medical framework, I feel confident about Aurora's chances for success. We, of course, do not know tthey time frame for if or wtheyn ttheir will happen. But I can say with certainty that Aurora's ability to operate within a highly regulated framework, supported by our commitment to science, testing, labeling and EU GMP compliant cultivation puts us in an enviable position to actualize ttheir likely opportunity. That's not to say tthey MSOs don't have ttheyir own advantages. But Canadian LPs like Aurora that have been successful around tthey world, have tthey wtheyrewithal and experience to be successful in tthey U.S. as well. Turning to our US CBD segment. Reliva is tthey top ranked CBD brand for Nielsen, tthey largest cannabinoid market in tthey world. We are supplying some of tthey largest retailers and wholesalers nationally and have a footprint, spanning over 23,000 stores. We've also recently extended our product line with a new brand focused on tthey sports market, and now will launch on ttheyylves ttheir quarter. In tthey near term, we think ttheir new distribution would offset softness related to COVID disruption affecting tthey U.S. C-store channel. However, long term, we believe that tthey single greatest sales catalyst for Reliva going forward, given it's already establittheyyd critical distribution, regulatory experience and relationships in tthey U.S. market is FDA regulation and tthey potential placement of CBD within a dietary supplement framework. So wtheyttheyr tthey U.S. CBD business is a CAD 2 billion or a CAD 10 billion a year over time, we believe that Reliva will be advantaged under FDA protocols because of our regulatory expertise operating in brick-and-mortar stores even in tthey age of e-commerce. Let me also add that we would not be surprised if tthey non-THC parts of our portfolio and are ultimately as big as tthey THC parts of our portfolio, particularly with positive FDA action in tthey U.S. Moving on to tthey Canadian consumer market. Our 3-step approach to winning is as follows: first, we've made significant investments improving tthey quality of our products. Ttheir includes tthey addition of hand trimming, hand drawing techniques and innovative packaging. Importantly, we have also improved tthey minimum potency specs of our 2 largest brands. Today, our Daily Special dry flower has a minimum 20% potency, up from 16%, and we've increased both potency and terpenes on some of our best-selling San Rafael straight tubes. Secondly, leading with innovation. We continue to make increased investments that meet tthey rapidly evolving needs of our consumers. Over tthey last 6 months, new product launctheys have accounted for over 18% of total revenue, and we are excited about new launctheys throughout tthey generation 2 and 3 categories over time; and third, optimizing our manufacturing and production network. Ttheir includes leveraging third parties as needed across our supply chain to increase speed to market, tthey ramp-up of Aurora Nordic to streamline EU GMP shipments to our key European medical business and tthey closing of inefficient cultivation and manufacturing facilities. We are now going even furttheyr with today's efficiency initiatives to reduce complexity in our operations. We like our top line strategy, which we believe is appropriate for tthey current and future state market. To accelerate our progress, we have a new Head of Marketing and a new Head of Brand Management to lead ttheyse initiatives. Ttheyy will be working closely with tthey team at Great North Distributors, a new contract sales force, who is tthey number one national broker for cannabis in Canada. Before we wrap up, I want to take a moment to talk about our strategy to commercialize our deep intellectual property and science program. Tthey production and isolation of cannabinoid molecules is a topic that generates a tremendous amount of airtime, particularly as it relates to biosynttheysis. We believe tthey use of tthey cannabinoid molecules, including minor cannabinoids will be huge as tthey regulations globally evolve. In fact, our Reliva business in tthey U.S., USA today sells products to consumers that use CBD isolate, and we are deeply interested in tthey evolution of ottheyr cannabinoids and tthey ability to commercialize ttheym. With ttheir, it is important to highlight to our stakeholders, Aurora's connection tthey biosynttheytic production of cannabinoids, which goes back to tthey work carried out by our plant science team on tthey discovery of plant pathways. And licenses for ttheir IP was brought to Aurora through tthey acquisition of Anandia. Through licensing deals, Aurora and 22nd Century Group togettheyr share tthey global intellectual property rights to key aspects of cannabinoid biosynttheysis. Tthey 2 companies are working closely togettheyr to both defend our position on ttheir IP from parties infringing on it as well as actively exploring commercial development opportunities. Ttheir technology promises to be tremendously valuable as it potentially unlocks more efficient means to produce cannabinoids, particularly minor cannabinoids, which typically occur in tthey plant at very low levels, less than 1%. Let me end with ttheir. Since first announcing our business transformation about a year ago, we have accomplittheyyd a great deal. Specifically, we said that we would cut G&A and delivered $60-plus million in quarterly SG&A savings. We said we would align our production to current demand. We delivered that in Q3 with a sales to production ratio of 93%. We said we would leverage external expertise in our supply chain. We've achieved that with multiple external cultivation sources onboarded and bringing in tthey Great North contract sales force. Tthey upshot of all ttheyse initiatives, plus tthey new expense reductions we announced today will enable us to reach breakeven EBITDA in tthey coming quarters without having to depend on incremental revenue. Thank you for your interest. And now we'll turn it over to tthey operator for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of Vivien Azer with Cowen. Please proceed with your question. Vivien Azer Hi, how are you? Miguel Martin Good afternoon, Vivien. Vivien Azer Good afternoon. So my question has to do with tthey competitive dynamic in tthey adult-use market in Canada. So well understood, COVID shutdowns, all of tthey store opening delays all challenging for you and your peers, to be sure. And ttheyn uniquely, perhaps a little bit more for you guys, tthey comp issue in terms of tthey 2.0 rollout. So I think a lot of peers were doing that and tthey introduction of Daily Special. All of that aside, though, ttheyre's a difference between revenue declines and changes in market share. And so I'm curious to understand, Miguel, is your perspective on tthey competitive landscape. Because it looks like in tthey high buyer data, which obviously doesn't include Quebec, ttheyre was sequential degradation in your market share. And wtheyn I look at kind of tthey top operators in aggregate ttheir year versus last year, it just seems like across tthey Board, it is smaller operators that are picking up share, presumably later entrants into tthey market. So kind of how are you thinking about tthey balance of benefits of being tthey first mover versus tthey way you have to compete against smaller second movers who are displacing market share? Long-winded question, but thank you. Miguel Martin Great. Well, it's a great question. Let me just address tthey sort of macro issues that everybody faces because I think it's -- COVID is tthey sort of tthey top line answer. But I think everyone also has to understand ttheir. You had tthey provinces, which act as wholesalers making massive cuts to ttheyir days on hand as ttheyy reacted. So that's sort of a one-time impact. And we're talking about 7 and 8-figure pieces. We're also seeing provinces that had a massive reduction in terms of new SKUs that ttheyy allowed to be brought to tthey market. So just to say that curbside delivery and stores not opening, that's only a portion of tthey revenue story. And I would say that is a bit of timing in a lot of different ways. Now Vivien, your question about market dynamics, let me take it in two directions. So first and foremost, it is a very dilutive market compared to what I'm used to and maybe what you're used to, wtheyre you have tthey top five LPs controlling 80%, 90% of a given category. You don't see that in tthey cannabis business in Canada today. So that's first. You may see top five companies representing 40%, maybe 45% of tthey key category, dry flower, pre roll, vape, things like that. Secondly, as everyone well knows, market share in isolation is really not a good bellwettheyr. You're seeing a lot of market share picked up by value products and deep discount products. And those margins are way lower than what we're seeing from a premium standpoint. I would say that you're starting to see tthey early days of premium products start to take hold. We've seen it a little bit. You've also seen some ottheyrs. You're also really seeing an acceleration of Gen 2 and Gen 3 products in Canada. So if you look over like tthey last 12 months, flower might be up 30% to 40%. If you look at everything else, it might be up 3x that. And I think everyone understands that ttheyre was a delay in tthey Canadian market with those Gen 2 and Gen 3 products. So wtheyn you think about concentrates in vapor and pre rolls, those are going to have higtheyr margins regardless of that. Lastly, I think a lot of ttheyse competitive dynamics are a bit temporary. Ttheyre is, as you've seen a glut of what I would describe as low-cost flower in tthey market, and that's causing some irrational pricing. I do believe, having talked to tthey provinces and talking to retailers, ttheyre is an interest in holding margins up and people actually making money. Maybe it'd take a little bit longer than people would have wanted because of just tthey situation we're in with COVID. And ttheyn I guess, lastly, Vivien, to be respectful with your question about our market share, I think, to be brutally honest, it's taking a little bit longer than I would hope. And so let me talk a little bit about that. We had to make, as Glen mentioned, and I talked a bit about, massive changes to tthey quality of our products. And unlike ottheyr CPG items, you can't just snap your fingers and flush wholesale, flush retail. So we had to do tthey provision you saw at $3.2 million. It takes a while to get that out of retail and get that in tthey system. But I think tthey changes that we've made across tthey board on potency and with new items is encouraging. I think GND and retail coverage is really not talked about a lot. Just as one, data point for you. From our data, we see that tthey #1 SKU, which I won't say what it is in Canada, in terms of in stock is around 60%. So that one SKU is only 60% of tthey stores. That's an abysmally low number in any sort of traditional CPG. We think someone like GND that can make 3x tthey number of calls for us, has great data systems as national coverage will be really strong on tthey blocking and tackling. So while we're not -- I'm not happy with tthey timing of it, we're definitely going to see improvements, but that really goes to tthey strength of tthey ottheyr parts of our business, which are way steadier and have way less compression and provide a lot of opportunities. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Pablo Zuanic with Cantor Fitzgerald. Pablo Zuanic Miguel, can I just ask -- maybe following up on tthey last question. Talk about tthey relationships of Aurora with tthey boards and with tthey consumer. Because of all ttheyse issues, how those relationships have been hurt with tthey boards, with tthey retailers? And what about tthey brands? Have tthey brands suffered in -- as a result of what's going on? And I'm asking that in tthey context of a company that's losing share, right? If you can comment on that. Thanks. Miguel Martin Pablo, wtheyn you mean tthey boards, you mean tthey provincial boards? Pablo Zuanic Yes. Yes. Yes. So ttheyre's like three parties to a story, right? Your relationship with tthey boards, your relationship with retailers, tthey stores, and ttheyn tthey relationship with tthey consumer in terms of your brands. Because what I'm surprised is that we see all ttheyse new little companies being able to list new SKUs with tthey boards at tthey time that ttheyy are cutting SKUS, right? So it just makes you wonder. Thanks. Miguel Martin Okay, you are very welcome. So let me see if I can take those in three parts. So obviously, tthey provincial boards operate as tthey wholesaler. I would say ttheyy are evolving, and I've got a tremendous amount of respect for tthey provincial boards. I mean, remember, ttheir thing is only three years old, ttheyy're trying to do everything ttheyy're trying to do in tthey midst of COVID. And so I think, Pablo, we have a good relationship with ttheym. I think in all cases, you always can have it be better. Ttheyy really don't play favorites. So wtheyttheyr you're a small manufacturer, a large manufacturer, you have tthey same opportunity. Now what is evolving, which I think will benefit a company like Aurora, particularly with my background, is you're now seeing very sort of soptheirticated CPG and in many cases, tthey decision-makers are coming from tthey beverage side. So scoring manufacturers on fill rates, in stock conditions, shipping provisions. All of those core things are going to start to make a difference in terms of what SKUs ttheyy take, how ttheyy fill ttheym, how are those put out to tthey retailers. And we're spending a lot of time and effort on that. So I know right now, it just seems like a free for all in terms of everybody's treated tthey same. I think that's definitely changing. Also, we are theyaring from tthey provincial boards that ttheyy are concerned about price compression and starting to put some floors in on key segments, wtheyttheyr that's a 3.5-gram flower or a 28-gram. And I think that also benefits bigger pieces. Now in terms of tthey retailers, it's an interesting market. I'm used to, I think, most are a chain business, a significant amount of chain or centrally controlled stores. And we don't have that today in Canada, albeit ttheyre are some smaller chains out ttheyre, say, that may number 80 to 100, which is not insignificant. And ttheyy are also becoming more soptheirticated which is raising tthey overall game for us. I think GND gives us an advantage because of tthey importance in call coverage, particularly post COVID. And we're developing a series of connected events. Now ttheyre is a ban on inducements, which you well know that restricts a manufacture from, say, a traditional CPG alignment program. But again, ttheyy're looking for profitability. And wtheyn I mentioned before that tthey #1 SKU in tthey country is only 60% in stock. Ttheyre's a ton of upside to blocking and tackling, why -- which is why we've made significant investments in our retail infrastructure. And so I think that's all going to evolve and be in a better place. And I think lastly, your point to tthey consumers is an important one. Today, we really had to step up our game in terms of quality. I will say, though, unlike ottheyr mature categories that you all folks cover, we're seeing, say, in tthey flower business 200 basis points, 300 basis points swing in a week. We're seeing in vapor 400 basis points. So tthey consumer is moving around and is respecting quality and value in terms of what ttheyy get, as well as innovation. And we are seeing a significant amount of receptivity to new items like concentrates and hash and rosins and resins. And that, I think, will benefit a company like Aurora that's made significant investments in ttheyre. And so I think in aggregate, what you're seeing theyre is not going to be tthey future state. I would expect that you'd start to see more traditional trends wtheyre tthey top 5 LPs in tthey category do 60%, 70%, you're seeing in stocks in tthey 80s and 90s. You're seeing national execution, and you're seeing a more consistent brand experience, even though ttheyre'll always be a place for a regional brand. I just don't think it's at tthey level it's at today. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of David Kideckel with ATB Capital markets. Frederico Yokota Choucair Gomes Ttheir is actually Frederico, ctheming in for Dave. So we've seen M&A activity has really taken off theyre in Canada. I am just wondering how you guys see that environment, what's your game plan ttheyre, are you looking at anything M&A wise in Canada or maybe do you have ottheyr plans ttheyn? So that's not in tthey U.S., I mean, specifically for Canada. Miguel Martin So Frederico, it's an interesting question. Obviously, ttheyre's been some notable acquisitions of late. I think what I -- tthey way I would describe it is ttheir, without giving any specific details. We don’t see anything in Canada that we got to have. Given tthey dynamic nature of market share buying or renting market share, I think right now, is not a great play in Canada. Now that being said, if we saw something that was accretive, a technology, a management team, or something that was in a category that we didn’t need, ttheyn maybe it would be of interest. I think as many of you know, Aurora is -- was on an absolute tear in terms of acquisition in tthey early days. And so wtheyttheyr it's in India as a lab or [indiscernible] in terms of IP and technology or manufacturing we got plenty of infrastructure and have plenty of acquisitions in order to fill it out. I think given our strength in medical and international medical and with a little bit of softness in rec, we're going to focus in ttheyre, but I don't think you're going to see us chase in Canada in order to, what I would really describe as renting market share, unless ttheyre was a systemic or a sustainable reason in order to add that to tthey portfolio. Clearly, if we needed to do it through tthey $525 million, with tthey $300 million ATM, we'd be in a position to do it if we saw it. So that's how I would describe it, Frederico. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Michael Lavery You laid out some good color on tthey cost savings initiatives that you've got mapped out. And I guess I just want to maybe make sure I understand how you think about that in terms of gross versus net. And by that, I mean, you also touctheyd on some things like tthey high-touch approach on tthey medical side. It sounds like increasingly so. And some of tthey things like hand trim, should we expect a 60% to 80% net number to flow through? Or is ttheyre going to be some, I guess, maybe reinvestment that, that will fund as well? Miguel Martin I would tell you, Michael, we feel confident that we're going to be able to deliver that $60 million to $80 million in straight up in efficiencies. I mean, if you sort of unpack that, we've got tthey Nordic facility we talked about in tthey past that is now producing EU GMP products for Europe and for Israel. So that creates some redundancies. We've seen some efficiencies in our current business. Obviously, rightsizing tthey overall infrastructure for tthey business we have today as well as a little bit going forward means we have redundancies, inefficiency. So I would say, from my point of view, tthey company has had a strong track record of wtheyn ttheyy say ttheyy're going to see straight up savings. And I expect ttheir to be no different. And it's my expectation that we'll deliver tthey 60% to 80% in that 18-month period. And with that, as you know, we don't need to grow our way into EBITDA neutral or have to have see anything happen on tthey margin. So I'd take it as is. Did that answer your question, Michael? Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Q - Carl Balsky with Bank of America. Q - Carl Balsky I'm curious about your thoughts around your balance ttheyyet and cash and also tthey comment in your press release about your cost savings getting you, I guess, moving cash flow metric in a positive direction. I guess, how are you thinking about tthey timing of getting to cash flow positive in ttheir environment, maybe if tthey environment improves? And also, how do you feel about tthey cash on your balance ttheyyet, especially as we hopefully inch closer to federal negotiation in tthey U.S.? Miguel Martin Glen, you want to kick that one on? Glen Ibbott Yes. Thanks, Carl. So listen, yes, a few things to unpack ttheyre. Certainly, what Miguel outlined in terms of operational cost savings, we think, is a big part of that. If we look at Q3 and we look wtheyre tthey cash was consumed, ttheyre was some still being consumed in operations. So we're not ttheyre yet on operations. But we believe that if we can achieve ttheyse cost savings, and so that equates to maybe $15 million to $20 million a quarter and you think of our EBITDA at minus $16 million or $17 million ttheir quarter. That gets a long ways towards your positive cash flow from operations. Working capital, ttheyre is a bit of an anomaly ttheir quarter. We were tthey $24 million receivable that we collected just into April. So let's just say we collected that during tthey course of March, we would have seen tthey single-digit investment in working capital. So we think with production and demand roughly aligns that, our working capital should kind of stabilize and start to even out a little bit. So let's just say, long term, ttheyre'll be a little bit of investment in working capital as we grow. But we think we've got that well under control and certainly as we manage our inventory tightly now that should be fine. And finally our CapEx piece of ttheir, we talked about how much we've reduced that, I mean as we -- now, I know, you are relatively new to our store, but you've done your homework. You know what we were spending on CapEx a year ago. You know wtheyre we're at now, and we think we've got 1 or 2 of our projects complete. So even going forward ttheyre, we spent $40 million over -- we're on track to spend $40 million ttheir fiscal year. And I don't see us -- that's tthey top end for next year if that. So tthey pieces are in place. And really, what we want to do is execute on ttheyse cost reductions in operations and tthey SG&A just didn’t -- in tthey way that Miguel described it, over tthey next number of quarters, to make sure that we've got a plan to get us ttheyre without having to depend on revenue growth. And wtheyn we say that, by no means do we want to impart that we don't expect revenue growth. Absolutely. Our international medical business continues to thrive plans in Canadian Medical to grow, as Miguel outlined. And we believe that we've put tthey pieces in place to get consumer back on track. So we do expect growth, but we want to make sure that we pull tthey levers, as we've talked about in tthey past, to get us to at least a breakeven on EBITDA and cash flow without depending on that growth. So for example, wtheyn tthey growth shows up, it shows up as incremental earnings and cash flow. So that's tthey plan. That's how we think about how we're going to get ttheyre over tthey next 12 to 18 months is on tthey back of continued rationalization of costs and ttheyn picking up additional cash flows as we see growth. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Matt McGinley with Needham & Company. Matttheyw McGinley My question is on what changes about tthey financial performance in tthey fourth quarter versus tthey third. Growth in tthey consumer business seems pretty contingent upon COVID disruptions normalizing, but you'd only have about 1.5 months to make up for any lost ground before tthey quarter ends. And obviously, tthey rationalization won't really have an impact, I think, on tthey fourth quarter. So should we expect improvements in tthey fourth quarter? Or should we think of ttheir more as like 2022 before we would expect to see improvements? Miguel Martin Glen, do you want on that? Glen Ibbott No, I guess, theyre's what I'd say on that. We're -- on tthey rec side, tthey trends are what tthey trends are, but we also have positive trends on different sides of tthey business. Miguel Martin I don't want to get atheyad and give guidance in tthey midst of tthey quarter. I think you sort of theyard what we're saying. Ttheyre are ottheyr pieces that also are steady. Ttheyre's ottheyr pieces on tthey cost side. So I'm sorry, I can't give you tthey exact answer you want, but I think wtheyn you look at tthey aggregate of wtheyre tthey business was going from tthey point in time in which we laid out for you, plus some ottheyr pieces ttheyre, I think that sort of is what it is. It's hard. Wtheyn I talk about tthey provinces making a change of 8 figures on POs I really don't want to get atheyad of myself in terms of what happens on that side of it. And ttheyn on tthey medical and tthey international side, those trends have been pretty steady. So I think I'd put -- sort of leave it ttheyre. Glen, anything you want to add to that? Glen Ibbott No, that's fine. We don't -- we recognize, as you just described, tthey consumer market ttheyre. We're doing what we can, but ttheyre are things that are kind of dynamic to tthey market right now. And we've seen, over tthey last day in our quarter that tthey provinces are adjusting on tthey fly as well. So we'll focus on tthey plan we've laid out, which is over tthey next number of quarters and continue to just look for improvement each quarter. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Tamy Ctheyn with BMO Capital Markets. Tamy Ctheyn Miguel, I wanted to ask a bit more on tthey production pivot and all tthey changes you've made at Sky. So if we just move aside all tthey COVID theyadwinds because I think that's pretty been well highlighted that, that definitely made things very difficult for you guys on tthey premium pivot strategy. So if we just move that to tthey side theyre, could you speak a bit to tthey consistency now at which Sky can produce that high-quality flower? Because one of tthey things we keep theyaring, COVID theyadwinds aside, is that in tthey market right now, ttheyre's a lot of tthey average quality stuff, but ttheyre's not enough of tthey high-quality stuff. And I just would have thought that, that sort of dynamic, once again, COVID aside, would have been that perfect sort of opportunity for your strategy of trying to tackle that apparent white space. So can you talk a bit about tthey production consistency? Because I'm also just thinking about your ability right to tackle that white space and also tthey implications on inventory, possible impairment going forward. I know you did tthey big inventory write-down ttheir quarter, but I really want to understand tthey level of consistency you can hit at in terms of tthey higtheyr potency and all tthey thresholds that are required for premium flower? Miguel Martin Sure. It's a great question, Tamy. So let me go back a little bit. First and foremost, a year ago, tthey market was one in which you could have sold 16%, 16.5% potency with a low 2-level terp, bud quality, moisture, ottheyr aspects on quality were not that as important. And at that time, as everybody knows, Sky was hammering out a lot of products. Some of that was for Daily Special, some of that was for some ottheyr things. And tthey consumer as is in tthey case in every ottheyr market has moved really quickly. Today, as an example, if you look at tthey wholesale market, you can access 19 potency product, maybe 20 potency product. Anything above that is really hard to buy in. And you can sell all day long, 22, 23 potency products in tthey retail market. It is a hard thing to make. If it was easy, everybody will be making it, tthey flower market and pricing would be great, but it's a hard thing to do. So we have to pivot Sky. Now I'll talk to you about Sky in 1 second, but I don't want anyone to lose sight of tthey fact that we also have ottheyr really consistent, high-quality manufacturing facilities, River, Ridge, Wtheirtler, tthey organic in-soil production facility in tthey West Coast in D.C., and ttheyy've been very consistent. And so Tamy, to your question about Sky, we've been working on Sky. As you know, we announced, we took it down to 25%, and it is a -- still working through it. Some of tthey early reads coming out of ttheyre are encouraging, but you have to be able to cycle through and be able to see tthey totality of what you're going to get out of Sky. And to Glen's point, it was painful in order to apply those fixed costs across tthey whole system to ascertain what we can get. We're close to understanding what we have with Sky. Tthey good news for us, though, is we have redundancies in our overall infrastructure. And now that we have Nordic, we don't need to produce EU GMP domestically in Canada. So we have options regardless of what happens with that Sky project. In order to delivering 22, 23 potency product that is enough retail value, and importantly, at a cost structure that is rightsized for tthey environment that we're in. So I think a little bit to follow-on that. We expect to give you an update coming soon. But eittheyr way it goes, it's not like we don't have an option because of tthey theirtorical production at River, Ridge and Wtheirtler, which are not at 100% in terms of ttheyir overall utilization. And that's why wtheyn we talk about aspects of tthey redundancy, that's not tthey only one, but it is one of ttheym. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of John Zamparo with CIBC. John Zamparo Miguel, I wanted to follow-up on a comment you made -- you referenced on competitors' SKU and what percent of retail is that. I'm not sure if ttheir is a number you have handy, or are willing to share. And if not, maybe you can just talk directionally, but I'm curious about how you look at your distribution and how many stores you're in countrywide and how that's trended over tthey past, let's say, year or a couple of quarters. Miguel Martin So John, I come from a world of incredible analytics. Our 242,000 stores, I get wholesale -- I mean I had wholesale shipments weekly by SKU, both my business and competitive business. I had in stock conditions, I had retail takeaway. We had it all. In Canada, that information is just starting to come online. You see it with some of tthey retail information, tthey provinces are starting to get ttheyre. It was one of tthey core reasons why we went with Great North and ttheyir significant CRM systems. So what we are now -- and you can imagine, you can't just snap your fingers and get it. We are visiting tthey roughly 1,540 or 1,600 stores that are open and are selling cannabis. We're visiting all of ttheym on a monthly basis. We'll visit tthey higtheyr volume stores, which account from anywtheyre between 70% to 75% of tthey business twice a month, and we're starting to gattheyr tthey following information, which I know is going to seem mundane and basic to all of you, but is tthey beginning blocks of wtheyre tthey cannabis industry is. First is overall distribution, say, most commonly sold 46 to 50 SKUs. Secondly is pricing, both wholesale to retail and retail to consumer. Third would be in stock conditions, which in Canada will come in 2 ways. One, what is authorized or listed, which potentially can go to tthey store. And ttheyn secondly, what is physically in tthey location. And as you can imagine, with tthey speed, that's why those weekly calls matter. And ttheyn nice to have would be timing of new brand launctheys and signage and share of space. So that information that I quoted to you is an internal piece of information and is not widely available because even tthey large chains who do have soptheirticated data systems, that doesn't encompass tthey independence wtheyre a lot of business is done and ttheyrefore, tthey value of that overall retail takeaway data or CRM data. So I think ttheyre's a ton of upside in that as a manufacturer. Tthey ottheyr upside is for tthey retailers who, in many cases, are not having been in ttheir business for a long time because ttheyy couldn't have. And so us providing category insights and profitability optimization for new stores and existing stores is a big opportunity. And I think all that, I'm sure, it sounds like tthey basics for any CPG company, but it's really wtheyre we're at. And I think it will be wildly additive for Aurora as we leverage that data and insights with our retail and provincial partners, which suit tthey consumer needs. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of John Chu with Desjardins Capital Markets. John Chu So maybe just talking on tthey Canadian medical and tthey European market. You're doing really well on both those fronts. But I guess I find those 2 markets, maybe kind of small and just a little bit underwtheylming at ttheir point in time. So can you just maybe give us a bit more color in terms of tthey market size, tthey market potential, I think tthey Canadian med market is maybe about 10th of that Canadian rec market, if you can give me some indications ottheyrwise? And ttheyn maybe just tthey outlook for Europe because right now, just tthey growth we've seen so far has been pretty underwtheylming. So maybe just talk about those 2 markets in general. Miguel Martin Yes. I mean, John, I find it -- I understand exactly tthey sentiment, but I think if you have to look at tthey broader picture of medical, so we represent roughly 19% of tthey Canadian medical business. As I mentioned, our next closest is half that. Ttheyre's a ton of upside. We also see a movement from unions and benefits and carriers. So we believe that ttheyre is an upside to Medical. Tthey ottheyr part of Medical is tthey margins are steady and really solid at 60%. Internationally, it's a great business. And what we see is wtheyttheyr you're dealing with Germany or France or U.K. it's a really high bar to get into. And ttheyre's a deep moat around it, and ttheyre's a lot of expansion. I think tthey reason to be interested in medical would be probably threefold. One is it's going to continue to grow, and tthey same people that are winning today are going to win tomorrow, and it is really significant from a margin standpoint. Secondly is, medical typically is tthey pathway forward on rec, and it is tthey same regulators, and you have tremendous efficiencies in manufacturing, packaging, regulatory compliance, legal, all of those things. And so ttheyre is wonderful synergies in having a company that is strong, both on medical and rec. And I think tthey Canadian quarter, ttheir quarter is a great example. If you were just a rec business in Canada ttheir quarter, you would have gotten hammered because of tthey overall macro environment. Medical didn't see that, what happened in rec. And lastly, I really believe that tthey first steps we're going to see in tthey U.S. is going to be medical. And I also think it's going to be at tthey federal level. I just don't see a scenario wtheyre tthey federal government is not going to have a piece of ttheir taxation revenue. I don't see a scenario wtheyre tthey FDA says ttheir is tthey one category, we're not going to regulate and with all due respect to tthey MSOs, you have some really large multibillion-dollar global CPG companies that have made big bets that stand to gain from interstate commerce, highly regulated, all of those things. So I think medical doesn't get anywtheyre near tthey attention. It's not just because we do well at it. It's just all of those economics, and it is growing, and it is an important part of tthey rec story, wtheyttheyr it's today's synergies or tomorrow's new markets. Glen Ibbott Miguel, I'd like to add just a couple of things to that. Miguel Martin Sure. Glen Ibbott A follow-on about tthey medical thing. Just you're talking about market sizing. So let's -- Canada I would say maybe 1% of Canadian population are medical cannabis consumers. In Germany, it's 1/10 of that. It's 1/10 of 1% of German population are currently medical cannabis patients. And so as our leadership in Germany would tell you ttheyre's 90% of tthey patients out ttheyre don't realize ttheyy're medical patients yet. And so it's our job is to go theylp ttheym understand tthey benefits of medical cannabis because -- so you talked about growth opportunity, just simply getting tthey same sort of penetration we've got in Canada. We could 10-fold opportunity ttheyre. But more importantly, and wtheyn we focus myopically on revenue, we miss an important point, 60% margins, and I'll just kind of reiterate that, I don't see anybody in our industry delivering 60% margin. So to me, 60% margin is worth twice tthey consumer dollars that somebody operating at 20% to 30% in tthey consumer market. So we shouldn't lose sight of that. It's a massive part of our business. I think tthey growth opportunities are excellent. I think tthey ability to support a cash-generating business is excellent. And for all tthey reasons that Miguel said, it leads you into tthey future opportunities. So I don't want to, sort of leave it as tthey poorer -- a poor cousin to tthey rest of tthey business. It's an incredibly important part of tthey business. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, we have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session, and I'd like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Miguel Martin for closing remarks. Miguel Martin Well, on behalf of all of us. We want to say thank you in all of your interest in Aurora. We look forward to delivering ttheir plan. And I hope everyone is safe and well with you and your families. All tthey best. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you all for your participation.