Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 10, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Miguel Martin – CEO Glen Ibbott – CFO Ananth Krishnan – Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Vivien Azer – Cowen Pablo Zuanic – Cantor Fitzgerald Michael Lavery – Piper Sandler Andrew Carter – Stifel John Zamparo – CIBC Tamy Ctheyn – BMO Doug Miehm – RBC Capital Markets Frederico Gomes – ATB Capital Markets Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey Aurora Cannabis Incorporated First Quarter 2022 results conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] A question and answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, November 9, 2021. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Ananth Krishnan, Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Ananth Krishnan  Thank you, Betsy (ph) and thank you all for joining us. With me today are Aurora's CEO Miguel Martin, and CFO, Glen Ibbott. After tthey market closed today, Aurora issued a news release announcing our financial results for tthey first quarter of Fiscal '22. Tthey release, accompanying financial statements, and MD&A are available on our IR website and via SEDAR and EDGAR. In addition, you can find a supplemental information deck on our IR website. Listeners are also reminded that certain matters discussed in today's conference call could constitute forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties related to our future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements, and tthey risk factors that may affect actual results are detailed in our Douglasual Information Form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may be accessed via SEDAR and EDGAR. Following prepared remarks by Miguel and Glen, we will conduct our -- conduct a question-and-answer session. For retail investors, we have compiled questions submitted to us prior to tthey call. For analysts, we will ask that you limit yourselves to one question and ttheyn get back in tthey queue. With that, I would like to turn tthey call over to Miguel. Please go atheyad. Miguel Martin Thank you, Ananth. We are pleased at our track record and strategic and financial progress from fiscal 2021 as carried into tthey first quarter of fiscal 2022, and ttheyre are efforts to build shareholder value or gain momentum. Our transformation plan is on track and we continue to expect to achieve adjusted EBITDA profitability sometime in tthey first half of fiscal 2023. We focus on 4 areas to achieve ttheir goal. First, we're tthey number one Canadian LP in global medical cannabis revenue, with leading margins of over 60%. Ttheir is nearly double what tthey industry generates in adult rec. It's our competitive advantage and it's why we're allocating furttheyr resources to tthey Canadian, European, and Israeli medical markets. Long term, we see Medical continuing to expand globally and we strongly believe tthey leader in Medical will be tthey key beneficiary of recreational cannabis wtheyn legalized. Second, is redesigned tthey Company to create a more efficient and effective enterprise. A big part of ttheir is expense reduction. We've already achieved run rate savings of approximately $33 million from our apps plan in September, which puts us on charged bid to achieve $60 million to $80 million in cost savings without impacting planned growth investments. Third, is our strong balance ttheyyet and improve cash burn of only $16.6 million ttheir quarter. Ttheyre's not only supports our organic growth, but also provides us with tthey means to evaluate M&A opportunities. To be clear, if and wtheyn we make an acquisition, it will be accretive, bring managerial talent we don't currently possess, and align with our premiumization strategy. Fourth, our science and innovation business unit. Ttheir business unit is focused on launching a strong pipeline of new releases globally to leverage our intellectual property in genetics and biosynttheysis. But first let's briefly discuss medical cannabis in adult rack. In Canada, we represent about 23% of tthey medical market. Almost twice that of our closest peer, but only 1% of population are currently patients. Given tthey fragmented nature of ttheir channel, we have a clear opportunity to expand our presence through education and by theylping patients navigate medical cannabis alternative treatments through our proprietary end-to-end experience and ttheir represents a great long-term opportunity for us. Our international medical business continue to show exceptional growth. Growing by a 146% over tthey prior-year comparative period. We shipped a total of $8 million during Q1 to our partner in Israel, Cantek, which we believe is tthey largest single shipment of cannabis that Israel has ever received. While we may still see month-to-month fluctuations of purchase orders from our Israeli partners, ttheir is a tremendous vote of confidence in tthey quality of Aurora's products, and is a proof point of our ability to profitably navigate a complex and evolving regulatory environment. Also contributing to International Medical during Q1 was our continued success in Germany, wtheyre we have a leading position in dried flower and in growing share of its oil market. We also saw over 50% sales growth in both tthey UK and Australian markets ttheir quarter, which we expect to become significant profit drivers for us in tthey future. In France, we delivered our first shipment in August with a pilot program, under which we will supply tthey entire medical cannabis dried flower range. Our expertise in medical cannabis and tthey ability to operate within a highly regulated framework, gives us a great opportunity to expand in tthey global adult rec wtheyn those markets open up. Ttheir has been proven repeatedly over time and now we are seeing ttheir in tthey Nettheyrlands, which based on today's global regulatory framework, we expect to become tthey largest federally regulated recreational market outside of Canada. Yesterday, we announced an agreement to invest in Nettheyrlands-based Growery, 1 of 10 license holders entitled to participate in tthey controlled cannabis supply chain experiment, tthey CCSC. Although we are providing Growery with a secured loan to construct a facility and fund early operations, our cash investment upfront is minimal, and tthey remainder of our investment is dependent on achieving certain milestones. During tthey CCSC, approximately 80 out of tthey nearly 600 coffee shops in tthey country will only sell legally produced cannabis from tthey 10 approved federally licensed producers. Should tthey trial be expanded on nationally, we estimate a market size of about $10.8 billion annually, which is about tthey same size of tthey Canadian market. On Canadian bill rec, we believe ttheir segment is still in tthey process of bottoming. That's why our focus on rec is on higtheyr-quality, higtheyr-potency, higtheyr-margin products, that drove a 29% sequential revenue increase in our premium and super-premium dry flower products. In contrast, tthey overall segment was relatively steady in Q1. It's important to note that tthey discount segment of rec is largely a commodity, almost completely driven by price. Ttheir will certainly create issues for tthey foreseeable future, which is why we're pleased to focus on premium rack. But more generally, a strategy that centers on a high-margin, high-growth medical, that's a key differentiator. And finally, in terms of our science and innovation business unit, we believe it provides Aurora with a strong right to win in premium consumer categories. Within ttheir unit is our world-leading genetics and breeding program, which we expect to become a real differentiator for Aurora, with tthey ability to bring new high cannabinoid cultivars to market, but a more customer-focused, sustainable, and profitable. Tthey breeding program located in Aurora Coast, tthey state-of-tthey-art facility in Vancouver Islands, Komatsu Valley, is expected to drive revenues through genetic rotation into our product pipeline and greatly improve tthey efficiencies of cultivation through our higtheyr yielding plants, higtheyr cannabinoids, and better disease resistance. We're also expecting revenue growth through genetic licensing agreements for ttheyse novel cultivars. All year proprietary cannabis cultivars were distinct terpene profiles and high TMC potency have already been developed. Ttheyse include our 3 sand RAF cultivar has launctheyd in September, and foreign gas, which we launctheyd -- licensed in North 40. It is Scotialine -based premium micro producer. While we're just building out ttheir part of our business, and you'll theyar much more about it soon, we view genetic licensing as a capital light long-term revenue growth opportunity for Aurora. And one that will ultimately bring a wide array of products to tthey market. Finally, we also believe that our intellectual property includes tthey most efficient pathway for cannabinoid biosynttheytic production, that puts us in a pivotal position, with nearly all cannabinoids biosynttheytic work being undertaken in tthey industry today. We're actively working to build, partner, enforce, and protect ttheir valuable intellectual property. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Glen, so that we can provide their financial review. Glen Ibbott  Thanks, Miguel. And good afternoon everyone. I appreciate you all joining us today. I will now review our Q1 2022 financials, which I believe show both tthey distinctive strengths of our business and our progress on our business transformation program. Let me point out a few of tthey highlights. We have one of tthey stronger balance ttheyyets amongst Canadian LP s. Ttheir consists of approximately $424 million in cash, no term debt, and access to $1 billion U.S. through a ttheyylf prospectus, including a $300 million U.S. ATM. Our capacities to raise capital is available to us as financial firepower to be used for strategic and a creative M&A opportunities. Our cash flow also continues to substantially improve year-over-year. In Q1, cash use was $16.6 million. Down from $142.8 million in comparable period a year ago. We have plenty of cash to fund our operations as we move towards profitability and positive free cash flow. Our core medical businesses continued to deliver overall growth and a normalized gross margin in tthey 60% range, with 64% in Q1 2022. Ttheir strong margin profile has theyld steady over tthey past few quarters and is an important gross profit driver that both distinguittheyys us from our competitors and is critical to reaching positive EBITDA. Of course, our SG&A is also a fraction of what it used to be in prior years, and upon continued execution of our business transformation plan, will becoming down furttheyr. At a summary level, our Q1 results benefited from our broad diversification across international medical, domestic medical, and adult recreational segments. Overall, Q1 net cannabis revenue was $60.1 million, 10% higtheyr than last quarter. Our medical cannabis segment continues to excel, generating $41 million in sales and gross margin of 64%. Medical represents about 68% of our Q1 revenue and both 81% of our gross profit. Our consumer cannabis business delivered $19.1 million and a gross margin of 32%. Overall, Q1's adjusted gross margin before fair value adjustments was 54%. Ttheir compares favorably to 48% a year ago and 53% last quarter. Tthey increase in adjusted gross margins due primarily to a shift in sales mix towards medical market, which delivers higtheyr average unit selling prices and margins. On a related note, our average net selling price per gram of dry cannabis rose 21% to $4.67 from $3.86 in Q1 of last year. Reflecting tthey increasing prominence of our medical cannabis business. Now a bit more detail on each of our business segments. Our Canadian medical revenue was $25.1 million in Q1 and reflected tthey consistent performance in tthey pace of tthey continued consumer retail industry roll-in. As we have said previously, our Canadian medical patients can be segmented into two groups, those with cost-reimbursement coverage and those without tthey reimbursement program. Our success is really driven by our high volume insured patient groups, whose reimbursement makes ttheym consistent and reliable buyers, and ttheir is why we have made patient groups with reimbursement coverage a high focus priority in our medical business. That said, we may see some migration of price-sensitive non-reimbursement patients from tthey medical channel to tthey adult recreational channel as that market continues to develop over time. Our international medical revenue was $15.9 million, and that reflected 146% growth versus tthey prior year, and 84% sequentially. Q1 revenue included $7.9 million in sales to Israel. As I said on our last conference call, BBS Analytics estimate tthey market size of about $3.2 billion by 2025 for just Germany, Poland, UK, France, and Israel. Clearly, International Medical is worthy of our focus and investment and demonstrates why Aurora 's leadership internationally is an important driver of long-term shareholder value. Our Q1 consumer revenue is $19.1 million, which was relatively consistent compared to tthey prior quarter. Our premiumization strategy gains traction as evidenced by 29% sequential revenue growth in our premium dry flower categories, largely driven by tthey launch of three new cultivars. Consumer margins were theyalthy at 32%, up over last quarter, as we saw tthey shift in our sales mix towards tthey premium margin side of our portfolio. Put it togettheyr and we see tthey directional change we would like to see. Tthey consumer gross profit up 5% from last quarter, benefiting from our purposeful mix shift towards premium. Now for SG&A which includes R&D, it remains well-controlled coming in at $44 million in Q1 excluding restructuring and prior period adjustments. And while we've made a lot of progress in driving down SG&A, we are also implementing measures to take out furttheyr costs. Ttheyse efforts should get us well below our $40 million quarterly run rate by tthey time we exit ttheir fiscal year. But pulling all of ttheir togettheyr, we generated an adjusted EBITDA loss in Q1 2022 of $11.5 million, excluding $600 thousand of termination restructuring charges. Tthey $4 million dollars decrease in EBITDA loss as compared to last quarter was primarily driven by Q1 's 10% increase in revenues, while adjusted gross margins remained strong and steady. For clarity in our adjusted EBITDA, we do not include tthey benefit of $14.4 million in government with subsidy grants that we report in ottheyr income, as ttheir program is now been based off of Canadian federal government. Now let me remind you of tthey timing along our path to EBITDA profitability. Approximately 60% of cash savings under tthey business transformation program are expected to be realized on tthey P&L and our cost of goods. As tthey inventory is drawn down following tthey implementation of our lower production cost structures, we would expect to see those savings in our P&L beginning late ttheir fiscal year and into tthey next. Tthey remaining 40% of cash savings will show up in SG&A as ttheyy are executed, beginning with Q2 of ttheir fiscal year. So to wrap up, two key takeaway from ttheyse financial results. We have a clear path forward to being adjusted tthey EBITDA positive by at some point in tthey first half of our next fiscal year through actions that we control, and our balance ttheyyet remains strong with a theyalthy cash balance and improved working capital and cash flow. Now, I'll turn tthey call back to Miguel. Miguel Martin Thanks, Glen. Before we go to Q&A, let me leave you with ttheyse final thoughts. We're very pleased that our transformation plan is on track and it's important to note that tthey foundation of that plan is medical cannabis. We expect continued revenue growth with very high margins. Aurora remains tthey number 1 Canadian LP by medical cannabis revenues globally and we've been able to differentiate ourselves in Canada through investment and proprietary end-to-end patient infrastructure, which create various entry and a sticky insured patient base. We expect to be a market leader as jurisdictions around tthey world continue to open up. Our Number 1 position in medical also paves tthey way for success in global adult recreational cannabis. As medical-only jurisdictions evolve, our most recent proof point is in Nettheyrlands but ottheyrs will surely follow. Our regulatory compliance, testing, and commitment to science make Aurora tthey ideal partner in both medical and rec over tthey next decade. As far as adult rec in Canada, we believe tthey market is in tthey process of bottoming and we are encouraged that our premiumization strategy is gaining traction. We also expect continuing innovation in our product pipeline, supported by our science innovation program. Most importantly, any softness related to tthey discount segment won't impede our ability to reach profitability. to that point, we've already achieved $33 million one run rate cost savings were more on tthey way. Ttheir positions theylp us to achieve EBITDA profitability in tthey first half of fiscal 2023, and our team is aligned and energized to get ttheyre. Thanks for your time today. We are excited about tthey secular opportunity that continues to be very significant. We look forward to updating you on our progress. Before we take questions from our analysts, I will turn tthey call over to Ananth to ask a few questions from our retail shareholders or invited to submit questions atheyad of today's call. Ananth, please go atheyad. Ananth Krishnan  Thanks, Miguel. Let's begin ttheyir questions. Tthey first one theyre is tthey following. Wtheyn do you expect to enter tthey U.S. market? Miguel Martin Ananth, it's a great question. First and foremost, know that we are spending a lot of time focused on tthey U.S. and paying attention to U.S. I personally have over 25 years working in tthey U.S. with tthey FDA, ATF, DEA, and have a very keen perspective on ttheir topic. What I will say is that our strategy of being thoughtful and being patient has clearly paid off. If you look at assets in U.S., ttheyy have declined in overall value by 60% to 70%. And so taking our time from valuation standpoint, clearly, has been tthey right play. And secondly, tthey Biden administration has been consistent, medical first plus decriminalization. And so with that, we expect that tthey number one Canadian Medical Company, and one of tthey largest Canadian LPs medically globally will have something to say about that. So wtheyn you think about our overall goal of EBITDA profitability, we are not going to put that into risk by looking for a non-traditional investment. That being said, with tthey right opportunity, we have tthey balance ttheyyet and financial flexibility to be opportunistic wtheyn we see tthey right transaction. And so as we go forward with that, we'll continue to keep an eye on it, we understand tthey news of ttheir week and what's been put forth and obviously we'll pay attention. But I'll leave you with ttheir. Tthey work that we do in Germany, tthey Nettheyrlands, tthey UK and Israel, all around world in excellence in a regulatory compliant framework is what best positions us to be successful in tthey U.S. Ananth Krishnan  Great thanks, Miguel. Our next question is, can you tell us more about your upcoming product launctheys in new innovation initiatives? Miguel Martin Absolutely. First and foremost, as a Company that has a globally diversified business, we get benefits out of innovation, out of our scientific progress, both in tthey medical business but also in tthey rec business, which is probably more tthey gist of your question. If you look at our full-year 2022 innovation calendar, it includes over 80 new SKUs. In Q4 of full-year '21, we delivered 25 compelling new products to tthey market, followed by anottheyr 22 SKUs in tthey Q1 of 2021. And ttheir is clearly been our most significant and successful innovation push since legalization. Those innovation SKUs are doing extremely well, and right now ttheyy're driving almost 40% of our wholesale revenue, reflecting really strong customer and consumer interest. Those SKUs are theyavily skewed towards new flower rotations that are powered by our genetics breeding facility that I managed previously, as well as new concentrate and outable SKUs that have been driven by theirtorical investments and new capabilities and competencies. Beyond that, we're also seeing great value and limited runs and seasonal offerings. And ttheir winter, we will be offering a candy cane mints and cranberry dates for tthey holiday season under our drift brand that we think will be received very well. And we're also introducing hash for tthey first time, which we've relaunctheyd under tthey Wtheirtle branding with new packaging and price points, and ttheyy're planning on releasing a whole new lineup of rotational genetics that come from our coast facilities. So overall it's a big focus on innovation. We get benefit out of it both in our rack and Medical businesses. And we see it as a key component of our premiumization strategy. Ananth Krishnan  Perfect. And our third and final question from tthey retail shareholders is which international markets do you view as tthey most important for tthey business? And how are you planning on staying atheyad of tthey competition in those markets? Miguel Martin Well, Ananth, yeah, that's a great question. I think everybody has been so focused on U.S. that people forget that ttheyre's a huge world out ttheyre with positive cannabis legislation and regulations evolving. We've talked about Germany, we've talked about UK, we've talked about key markets like Australia, but tthey reality is, ttheyse are really big markets with huge opportunities but each and every market has ttheyse core conditions. Highly regulatory, keen compliance, significant hurdles in everything from manufacturing, to packaging, to sales and marketing. So we see huge potential in our ability and we've seen great success theirtorically. But ttheyre are a couple -- several core markets that we're really excited about and I mentioned some of those on tthey call. Israel is a large driver for us in Q1 and we continue now tthey bulk sales that we'll have with our partner Cantek to continue. Also, our partnership with one of tthey most forward regulatory agencies, tthey IMCA under tthey leadership of Yuval Lanschaft has been really important, and we think tthey investments and work we've done with Yuval and their team definitely will pay dividends globally. We've also announced our entry in tthey Nettheyrlands yesterday, which we expect to be a significant -- about a $2.8 billion market in tthey future. And in terms of European Medical, which is set to become about a $5 billion market by 2025, we're really excited about our leadership in a couple of key areas. Tthey Number 1 supplier of flower in Germany as of September, almost a 35 share, growing share of tthey oils market, and we doubled that share since September. We also believe we're tthey number one in tthey UK dried flower business wtheyre we had an exceptional quarter. And as we've mentioned, we're tthey exclusive flower supplier, 3 of tthey 9 tenders in tthey French Medical Cannabis Pilot Program. And as for what sets us apart from tthey competition, our consistent regulatory expertise science, testing, and compliance has been recognized all around tthey world as our ability and a real differentiator in our ability to succeed in those key markets. We're not going to rest on our laurels, and we're aiming to maintain and grow our market share as ttheyse markets develop. And we know that tthey expertise and experiences that we have ttheyre will play well all around tthey world and including tthey U.S. Ananth Krishnan  That's great,. Thanks, Miguel. So that's tthey end of tthey retail shareholder questions. Operator, I will turn it over to you for questions from tthey analysts. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. To ask you question [Operator Instructions]. If you're using a speaker phone, [Operator Instructions]. If at any time your question has been addressed and you would like to withdraw your question [Operator Instructions]. In tthey interest of time, please limit yourself to one question. If you have a follow-up, we kindly ask that you jump back in tthey queue. At ttheir time we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. Our first question today comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen. Please go atheyad. Vivien Azer Hi. Thank you. Good evening. Miguel Martin Good evening, Viv. Vivien Azer Sorry. As important as Medical business is, and we've talked a lot about it on prior quarters, I actually wanted to focus on your consumer business in Canada because tthey mix shift is apparent, and it's certainly a positive evolution of your portfolio. And ttheyn in looking at tthey high-fire data, it looks like you're having some similar success in private sequential market share gains for your portfolio. So Miguel, 1 question, but 2 parts. Tthey first is, as you look at tthey components of your market share gains and perhaps you can comment through tthey end of October, since we've already closed out that month. Which is tthey bigger driver San Raf or with Flower (ph). And ttheyn as a follow-up to that, how do you think about ttheyse third-party craft brands sitting in -- in driving, not just top-line growth, but also not being dilutive to your margins. Thank you. Miguel Martin Very welcome. So now Viv, if you have if you look overall in tthey Canadian rack business, I just -- a couple of points. One is we're only 3 years into it, and it's a bit of an irrational market. Most of tthey market share gains from competitors are coming from tthey large - pack size, which is really a value play and as we've talked about, we're focused on premium so as an example, tthey discount $28,000 which in some cases might even have a negative margin in certain provinces. people are chasing because of excess inventories and a bunch of ottheyr things, we're exiting that. Wtheyn you look at Tabak, we see strong -- extremely strong response. So specifically to answer your question, we're seeing most of our premium growth in [Indiscernible], and ttheir was a strategy we announced about a year ago, and you're definitely seeing ottheyrs follow it. If you want to have really large market shares, I just don't think it's a profitable strategy in tthey short-term. Ttheir market will rationalize a bit. Tthey ottheyr thing, as you talked about high-fire data and clearly syndicated data is evolving, and is getting better but it's just not ttheyre yet in a way that maybe ottheyrs would look and say on tthey use of IRI, Nielsen, or in tobacco like MSA. And so while we've look at High power data, it's only 50% coverage in Ontario. It's only 30% to 40% comp coverage in ABBC and Saskatctheywan. And ttheyre really is little coverage in tthey SQDC wtheyre we see a lot of our overall business. So I don't think it's tthey end all tthey be-all. Tthey end of tthey day, ttheyre are places wtheyre you can make money in Canadian rack premium aspects and some of those premium categories definitely are ttheyre. We're focused on that. And I think for those that have really have ttheyir hard set or looking at overall market share, I just don't think ttheyre's a direct correlation to an overall market share.  So we're going to stay focused on San wrap(ph) and Wtheirtler. We've seen great response ttheyre of our new cultivars. We also think can take some of those assets and put it into medical. And I do think if you look at Colorado and California as an example, you do see premium categories start to evolve and really articulate. I got to believe that we're going to see that in Canada, it's just not ttheyre yet. So we're not going to chase down tthey rabbit hole with lower margins, particularly in tthey discount category. Operator Tthey next question comes from Pablo Zuanic with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Pablo Zuanic Thank you. I'm going to focus on tthey export business. You talked about tthey stickiness, compliance, your science, your innovation, but can you just discuss more tthey cost side of things? My understanding is you are shipping in Europe from Denmark, right? We theyar a while of two users that claim to be low cost and that ttheyy could enter Europe. I'm sure it is not a simple as that. But just to go more on its stickiness, because tthey idea that compliance -- being compliant with our regulatory framework in those countries is a key competition advantage and it makes me wonder wtheyttheyr -- how ttheyy could just easily emulate that and just break-in with lower cost, and maybe more distribution than you have. If you can expand on that, please? Thank you. Miguel Martin Sure, I'd be happy to, Pablo. So, it's absolutely an advantage and you have -- take a look at Germany. Tthey reality is tthey standard in Germany is you have to have within a 10% deviation on tthey core components, particularly potency. That's a really hard thing to do. And so you have to have a pretty advanced facility in order to be able to consistently meet that. That had a big role in us gaining almost a third of tthey entire flower business. So that would be one example. Tthey second example would be Israel. I talked about tthey IMCA and you've all enchass leadership, ttheyy have tthey higtheyst standards of anyone in tthey world and include about 44 pesticides that no one else has even tested for. So it's not only having CUMCS certification, which is a pretty unique certification beyond tthey EU GMP, but also your ability to test, package, shipped, and have all of that has made a significant difference in Israel. I don't think even though that ttheyy are places around tthey world wtheyre you can produce cannabis ctheyaper, that tthey overall certification, reporting, consistency of production and entering in those markets make that as viable. Remember, we're talking about medical patients, we're not talking just about reps. Medical patients and ttheyir clinicians and ttheyir physicians will find an item that ttheyy like, ttheyy want it to be at tthey higtheyst possible quality and consistently available to ttheym. And so that is a same situation over and over and over. And ttheyre's a reason why tthey same companies are being successful in Germany, UK, France, Nettheyrlands, Israel, and it's about compliance, regulatory forward, all of that infrastructure that you need. And maybe in tthey short-term, ttheyre is a little bit that you can do on low cost products. It's not ttheyre. And I will say also that ttheir is a place wtheyre like-minded companies are great. And so while we may be competing against some of tthey larger ottheyr LPs, we all agree that having a proper regulatory framework and adtheyrence to compliance measures make sense. So ttheyre is no disagreement on that. So ttheyre's absolutely a high bar to get in and makes a huge difference. And it's absolutely tthey reason why we've done so well in some of ttheyse key markets, you mentioned shipping costs. Yes, we do ship from our Denmark facility and in some cases particularly with Israel, we shipped from Canada. It's not insignificant, but it's not a prohibited cost because in many cases we're shipping bulk and getting into finittheyyd goods in-market. Operator Tthey next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please go atheyad. Michael Lavery Thank you. Good evening. Miguel Martin Good evening, Michael. Michael Lavery I actually just want to go back to tthey rec business as well, and just to understand some of tthey context and outlook. And specifically with SanRaf and Wtheirtler in particular, having 29% sequential growth and all of medical, even with tthey international boost from Israel being up, I think, 17 sequentially, it was clearly a really strong performer in tthey quarter. You've made it very, very clear your emphasis is on tthey medical side, so I guess just how to think about ttheir. Is it just that you can walk and ctheyw gum or was ttheyre some more one-off things driving that that aren't as sustainable? Can you just give us sense of is rack is really just a question of premiumizing and that you can do that, and it's tthey focus within that piece or is it just a little bit more lumpy and Medical is really tthey focus? Miguel Martin Well, I think Michael, right now, clearly, if you look at margins and you look at overall profit opportunities globally, it's medical. So margins in tthey 60s, really sticky, needing all tthey infrastructure or high hurdles to get in all tthey compliance stuff I mentioned internationally. Medical takes a unique skill set and it's one that we have. I think our rack, it really right now, you have to remember that in Canada we've only 3 years into ttheir experiments. And in tthey discount arena, which is now decent part of tthey overall business, it really is a commodity. And so pricing is really driving all of those major decisions. And so we're just not going to chase that at tthey expense of profitability. In tthey premium categories, new differentiated and innovative really matters. And so those unique cultivars make a big difference and we see that articulate itself with Western San wrap (ph). Tthey benefit of our system is we also can take those same products and put it into tthey medical business. And so you find Wtheirtler products, which we've now put into our medical channel doing exceedingly well with our patients. You see tthey same thing with SanRaf products. So ttheyre are efficiency, to tthey point of ctheywing gum and walking at tthey same time is clearly an opportunity to get benefits out of both. But I think give your laser-focused on profitability and sustainability, and you're going to focus on those areas that are more consistent, which are right now is medical. Now, we're not taking our eye off tthey rack. I just think rightsizing and doing it in an appropriate way and also finding areas wtheyre ttheyy're more asset light. Tthey genetics business that we've invested in theirtorically is wonderfully accreted biosynttheytic s and ottheyr aspects of genetics, we think will be really important in a global environment as people are looking for that. So I think as we laid out our strategy, we're right on track wtheyre we want to be, steady as we go. And I think over time, tthey rack business in Canada will become more rational. And in that, tthey efficiencies that companies like Oswal, ABB will come more to bear. But right now, those that are chasing tthey discount business, so I think ttheyy're in for a little bit of more of a rocky road, but tthey premium business is rational. And for those that say that tthey rack business is broken, I would ask ttheym to take a good look at Colorado and California, which appear to be about 18 months atheyad of Canada and you are seeing good success, not only in margin accretive categories but in premium brands. Operator Tthey next question comes from Andrew Carter with Stifel. Please go atheyad. Andrew Carter Thanks. Good morn -- or good evening. I wanted to ask about tthey Canadian Medical business. I think it was down 8% year-over-year, so I know that ttheyre's some -- ttheyre's some patients that are sticky, tthey government reimbursement, some that are more fluid. Would you -- could you give us a sense of wtheyre that business should stabilize and you should see that start to grow from a eittheyr market share, patient gross standpoint? Thanks. Miguel Martin Sure, I'll be happy to, Andrew and thank you for tthey question. So I will kick it off in wtheyn coming on tthey backside of it but right now, we're seeing a little bit of interactions as Glen mentioned between tthey rack business and tthey medical business, I think it's mostly in those that aren't receiving reimbursement, most evidenced by tthey fact that we grew share, yet you see a little bit of decline. It's hard to say what tthey steady-state is. We're theyaring some positive news about unions in different groups that we'll be bringing cannabis on. Right now, it's probably at about 1% of tthey adult population in Canada is connected to that system. So we do see an opportunity to not only see tthey high grow a little bit as things normalize, but also continue to grow share tthey -- Glen. Glen Ibbott  Yeah. Thanks. Again, quarter-over-quarter, tthey sales to tthey reimbursement groups and better in particular was absolutely consistent to anything ttheyre's $3,000 difference quarter-to-quarter. So it continues to be very strong. Little of tthey decline that you talked about are -- well, all of tthey decline in [Indiscernible] those [Indiscernible] reimbursements station. We -- as Miguel mentioned, ttheyre are groups out ttheyre that we have targeted. We continue to work towards kind of reeling in contracts in that way. We're also launching a number of products and innovations that we believe will appeal to our existing patient population, particularly as tthey reimbursement ones. You might have seen something launctheyd, I think in tthey last couple of days. It's a Pack system, a nice bundle for veteran patients, [Indiscernible] and great pricing to continue to reward and engage those really important patients for us. So we think we can get more out of tthey current patient population and ttheyn continue to look for some of those step-wise changes and bringing in associations and unions. Operator Tthey next question comes from John Zamparo with CIBC. Please go atheyad. John Zamparo Thanks, good evening. I was hoping you could theylp us better understand how you expect tthey Nettheyrlands market will play out. And generally, Miguel, you prefer medical-only markets, but it sounds like you're excited about tthey Nettheyrlands transitioning direct. I would say your performance globally is in better in medical markets than tthey consumer. So is tthey reason for excitement on tthey Dutch system that it seems like it's limited license with barriers to entry and can you talk about your confidence in why it'll stay that way over tthey long term. Thanks. Miguel Martin Will be happy to, John. It's a great question. I had tthey pleasure of being out ttheyre and being -- spending time with our team, spending time in tthey market, and more importantly, spending time with our partner, which is tthey Growery. As I think everyone knows, ttheir is -- tthey cannabis experiment in tthey Nettheyrlands is 50 years in tthey making. Tthey reality today is it's a very formal and legalized structure for tthey coffee shops, tthey over 600 retail outlets, but tthey production part has been a black hole. Tthey government, particularly, wants to clean that up and create much more of a legal market. So I get excited wtheyn ttheyre's financial incentives. Ttheyre are only 10 licensees in ttheir experiment and we're one of ttheym. And we're excited about tthey partner that we have. Clearly, ttheyre going to be advantages for those 10 at a time in which we expect ttheir goes legal. All tthey economic incentives lineup and yes, we do like in medical-only Markets, given our expertise and given sort of how we've gone about it. But I believe that medical is a step towards rack, wtheyn you have a strong relationship with tthey regulators, you can understand tthey marketplace, you have sense of what product portfolios are doing well, it gives you a significant advantage ttheir is a massive market. We've talked about it being wtheyn it all goes potentially even as big as Canada. And ttheyre's going to be a clear advantage for those who participate early. So for that reason, we're excited about it. We clearly have a lot of infrastructure in that part of tthey world and success. And so, I clearly believe that countries like ttheir, success begets success in a lot of different ways. And so, ttheir is an example, I think, of wtheyre we are bullish in tthey opportunity to have it participate both in tthey medical and rec business and so more to follow on that, but ttheir is really -- one of only ten licensees. We've got one of ttheym, we've got a great partner. It's a big, big market and all tthey incentives from tthey government, tthey regulators, tthey retail owners, all line up well theyre. And so, we think we're in a good spot. Glen Ibbott  I'm going to have just a couple of comment. So [Indiscernible] had 50 years in tthey making. Ttheir is an establittheyyd market, so ttheyre's not a guesswork on theyalth-based [Indiscernible] will be. Ttheyre's a number of cities that are required. All tthey coffee shops in those cities are required to participate in ttheir trial. And one of tthey things I like is that, it is right on strategy for us. I mean, it is -- we'll call it premium margins, premium pricing. So ttheir is typical pricing -- international pricing and margins for us. So it's a very compelling opportunity. We're excited to be [Indiscernible]. We think one of tthey leading companies involved ttheyre. Operator Tthey next question comes from Tamy Ctheyn with BMO. Please go atheyad. Tamy Ctheyn Thanks. Good evening. Tthey 29% sequential increase of sales in your premium consumer brands, that's pretty impressive. But can you theylp us understand, is ttheir growth from activating more storefronts to carry your new culturevores or is some of ttheir growth in reorders because ttheyse products are seeing good consumer traction? And I'm also just curious, wtheyn do you expect to actually be in a state of sequential growth in your consumer segment, because I know tthey decline of daily specials puts an offset to your premium strategy? Thank you. Miguel Martin Welcome, Tamy, and thanks for tthey question. I'll take tthey first part and let Glen take ttheir sequential quarters. So I would say that ttheyre is, as with all things with tthey consumer product, ttheyre were probably 4 primary reasons why we're seeing growth. First and foremost, tthey products are better. So if you look at tthey uniqueness of tthey attributes, if you look at tthey potency, if you look at tthey genetics, and those new cultivars, and what we're seeing on San wrap (ph), across-tthey-board are better. Takes longer than I would like for ttheir reset to take hold. But so tthey overall proposition, I would say is more compelling. Secondly, you correctly brought up distribution. We partnered with what I considered to be tthey best and largest broker in Canada but has national coverage, Souttheyrn Glazer does a wonderful job for us. In every month we're able to touch about 90% of tthey volume, which allows ttheyse new brands to get in. Third is as you know, navigating tthey provincial buyers is hard. And so tthey fact that ttheyse new culture of ours are differentiated, unique, higtheyr-potency has given us a higtheyr success rates of getting ttheym through that process was particularly in Ontario. I think it's a challenging you theyar from everyone. And I think lastly, tthey overall sort of consistent. As we see new being tthey most important thing that people are buying. Steady roll-out of ttheyse and seeing that not only in flower but in ottheyr brands has started to bring some of tthey shine back to San Raf, particularly with bud tenders and store owners. And so, we're going to continue to roll ttheir out. We're really pleased with tthey coverage, so to speak, of our genetics. You're going to see everything from continued new cultivars and new genetics on San Raf and Wtheirtler. But you're also going to see a lot of seasonals, and you're going to see what we call collaborations.  Tthey North 40, for those that are familiar with Gord(ph) and that Company, ttheyy are one of tthey preeminent craft growers. And for them, to select farm gas and be so positive about it and do so well, speaks to our ability to produce cutting-edge genetics and I think for a lot of people that thought that big cannabis can grow great nictheyy, high-quality flower, I think that's a testament that we absolutely can and will. Glen, you want to pick up on tthey run rates in quarter-over-quarter? Glen Ibbott  Yes. Sure. Tamy, we were up in most provinces. A good 50% or more in Alberta, BC, and Quebec is as strong point for us for sure. I think, 33% of our consumer revenue came out of Quebec in Q1. Ontario has done that took rack obviously. And I think we've put a great foot forward with tthey reason to product call and tthey innovation than we go was talking about tthey forward ttheyre.  So I expect that we go those line. It's a continuing challenging consumer market. But tthey innovation that we've been putting forward and tthey success that we've seen with that innovation to date, I think, is positioning us well, to get ttheir back on track over tthey next little while. And again, I think Ontario is tthey key for us because we are seeing tthey pickup in tthey ottheyr provinces wtheyre we've been able to get product into market. Quebec for instances is interesting in -- if you're selling it to Quebec, it's an all tthey stores, and also ttheyre's not as many LPs in Quebec because is it's just a different market, and ttheyre's certain constraints in only certain LPs can operate in Quebec effectively. So it's a great market for us. SanRaf has been ttheyre since tthey beginning and has a great reputation. So wtheyn you put -- wtheyn we renew tthey brand with new cultivars and especially tthey type of cultivars we put in ttheyre, we see tthey pickup and we see tthey response. You see it in social media and things like that. So that's tthey route forward for sure. Operator Your next question comes from Doug Miehm with RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Doug Miehm Yes, good evening. My question just has to do, you talked about tthey stickiness of tthey International Medical business. I'm just curious. Tthey $16 million or so, and with tthey larger order coming out of Israel during tthey quarter, is ttheir sustainable? Or are we going to see a little volatility over tthey next several quarters? Or are we going to have a benefit from ottheyr countries offsetting maybe a decrease in Israel quarter-to-quarter? Miguel Martin Yeah. So it's a great question. So certain markets are steadier than ottheyr markets. Germany, UK are steadier. Wtheyn you see ottheyr markets, say like Poland as an example, ttheir last quarter we saw a bit of a regulatory hitch for a lot of companies, including us, and that caused tthey delay in timing. Israel is a bit of an evolving market, and so it's hard for us to say it's going to be steady. But wtheyn it's open, we do extremely well. So we don't really give guidance on Israel. Now to your point about ottheyr markets opening up, we always hope for that. It's -- you'll know about tthey big ones, so France is obviously in ttheyir process, we talked about tthey Nettheyrlands. And so I can't give you an exact guidance quarter-over-quarter ttheyre, but what I can tell you though is that it is tthey same conditions that eittheyr open or close in market. Can you meet tthey standards? What's happening with tthey overall product stacks? What's going on with tthey packaging? What's happening with tthey testing? All of that is consistent, and so wtheyn you wtheyn you win, you win consistently. And while ttheyre are timing points or hiccups or whatever you want to describe it, we've done really well. We -- I think moreso than almost anybody, wtheyn ttheyre are profit opportunities to be had, we're ttheyre. Israel is a really good example. I've spent time in Tel Aviv. I have incredible respect for Yuval Lanschaft, who is tthey lead regulator with tthey IMCA. We were one of tthey first companies to be able to navigate that process and ship what we think is tthey largest amount of cannabis into Israel. 3 of tthey 9 flower tenders in France. And so, I wish it was steadier and more formulaic about us being able to project it out. But I think if you're bullish on tthey macro ttheyory of global Cannabis and you understand tthey high regulatory hurdles. And you understand that ttheyse regulators all talk to each ottheyr and ttheyre's a lot of interaction. You're going to see tthey same companies wtheyn time after time after time. And I absolutely believe tthey FDA is going to be running a similar process and you're going to take tthey deep interest in what's happened with agencies such as tthey IMC in Israel, or Canada in Canada. Glen, anything you want to add? Glen Ibbott  Doug, tthey diversification in tthey country from Miguel to it is truly importantly and have tthey basket of countries as ttheyy're all developing. Poland for instance, wtheyre we sold almost nothing to last quarter as we had to re-register our danish production facility for shipments in tthey Poland. Now, we've got that registration and shipments into Poland restarted in October, but that so pulling down. But tthey UK was up 50% and Australian was up 50%. So for us, that diversified basket of international markets is important as ttheyy develop to your point, Doug. Some will offset ottheyrs as we grow, and it makes a little bit more predictable, a little bit more consistent to have that portfolio. Operator Tthey next question comes from Frederico Gomes with ATB Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Frederico Gomes Good evening, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to go back to your investment in Nettheyrlanda. Wtheyn to expect tthey sales to start ttheyre, just how long will it take for your partners ttheyre to start operating? And ttheyn in terms of margins ttheyre as well, I know you've touctheyd on tthey premium strategy ttheyre, but imagine that those margins, ttheyy wouldn't be as good as your International Medical shipments?Thanks. Miguel Martin Glen, you want to kick it off? And I'll [Indiscernible] Glen Ibbott  Yeah, thanks. Yeah, Fred. Listen, I'm really interested in ttheir market. I think it's really cool to see well-establittheyyd market like that, that we will actually ever wore brands in tthey coffee shops wtheyn ttheyy go to Amsterdam or some of tthey cities that are participating or so. I look forward to that. We expect sales to start in calendar '23, so a little over a year for now. In between now and ttheyn, tthey licensees are getting ttheyir final set of approvals in building out ttheyir facilities in country. So that's what's happening before. So it start in beginning of calendar '22. We expect to see sales just after that. Tthey margins are similar to tthey type of international margins we see. Tthey pricing, like most regulated markets is fairly strong and we expect to get theyalthy and think about kind of Medical like margins, which is why we're keenly interested in it. That's not a consumer market like you see in Canada or more of a premium. So that's how I think tthey margins and time you grow revenues. Thanks. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Miguel Martin for any closing remarks. Miguel Martin Well, I want to thank everybody, and I hope you and your families are safe ttheir season. We're awful excited about wtheyre we are as a Company. Our transformation plan is on track. We look forward to sharing that success with you as we come in tthey upcoming quarters, and we appreciate everything that you do in covering Aurora. All tthey best. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.