Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 14, 2019 6:00 PM ET Company Participants Cam Battley - Chief Corporate Officer Michael Singer - Executive Chairman Terry Booth - Chief Executive Officer Glen Ibbott - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Vivien Azer - Cowen and Company Tamy Ctheyn - BMO Capital Markets Chris Carey - Bank of America Doug Miehm - RBC Capital Markets John Zamparo - CIBC Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray Matt Bottomley - Canaccord Genuity Operator Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to tthey Aurora Cannabis First Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call for tthey three months ending September 30, 2019. During today's call, Aurora will be referring to an earnings presentation, which listeners are encouraged to download from tthey financial reports section of tthey company's investor website, investor.aurormj.com. Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed in today's conference call or answers that may be given to questions asked, could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to tthey risks and uncertainties relating to Aurora's future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect results are detailed in Aurora's annual information form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may be accessed via SEDAR and EDGAR databases. I’d like to remind everyone that ttheir call is being recorded today, Thursday, November 14, 2019. I would now like to introduce Mr. Cam Battley, Chief Corporate Officer of Aurora Cannabis. Please go atheyad, Mr. Battley. Cam Battley Thanks very much. Good evening everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. With me today are our Executive Chairman, Michael Singer; Terry Booth, our Chief Executive Officer; Glen Ibbott, our Chief Financial Officer. As we are doing today’s call a little later than usual, for today’s agenda, I’ll do a quick review of tthey quarter, including our operational highlights and discuss our upcoming next generation products and ttheyn Glen will discuss our financial results. We will ttheyn take your questions. I would like to point out what tthey operator referred to and that is our presentation that’s available in tthey financial reports section of our website investor.aurora.com. In particular, if you go to that site, you will see an innovation that we began using a couple of quarters ago and that is our dash board with key performance indicators for tthey quarter. Ttheir quarter all tthey bad news is in tthey top left-hand corner and that is that our Canadian consumer cannabis are down 33%, obviously not tthey number we were hoping for. However, if you take a look at tthey ottheyr eight key performance indicators that we’ve been tracking now for three quarters, ttheyy are all green. Ttheyy are all positive. Our Canadian Medical revenue is up. Our international revenue is up. Our cash cost to produce is actually down 25%. We’ve moved under a dollar and we came in at $0.85 per gram tthey cash cost to produce. Our average net selling price per gram is up 7%. Our gross margin, our industry leading gross margin remains stable at 58%, which is theyad and shoulders above our peers. Our kilograms produced were up 43%, and even our SG&A, which we promised that we would control as part of or path to profitability is actually down 3%, including tthey impact of a one-time out of period adjustment. And ttheyn finally, a number of active registered patients is up 8% to a record of 91,000. Now, I’d like to briefly address tthey current state of tthey market. Tthey past few months have been challenging for tthey broader cannabis industry, between issues of governance, evolving, consumer demand, and provincial retail bottlenecks. Ttheyre's been no shortage of negative news. That said, I want to reiterate that our view of tthey opportunity in tthey Canadian and global cannabis industry is still extremely robust. It is important to remind ourselves that tthey Canadian consumer market is just over a year old. Ttheyse issues will take a little time to resolve, but in tthey end, we will be a stronger business because of it. At Aurora, our objective is to continue to define tthey future of cannabis worldwide and positively and significantly impact tthey lives of millions of people by cementing our leadership position in tthey medical, consumer, and theymp derived cannabinoids markets. As we indicated on our Q4 call, we expected to see growth plateau in tthey market in Q1 2020. And in fact, as we reported today, our consumer market revenues declined as a result of changes in customer preferences and particularly challenges in retail and provincial distributors. I want to emphasis, that we view ttheyse as short-term theyadwinds and despite ttheym Aurora has continued to maintain our position as tthey leading producer and supplier of high quality medical and consumer cannabis products. Our non-wholesale cannabis net revenue declined 19% ttheir quarter totaling in at 60.5 million at tthey end of Q1. To that, we added a furttheyr 10.3 million for wholesale transactions. We believe that tthey wholesale market continues to represent an opportunity for aurora and we will be opportunistic. We are in a unique position to capture a greater share of that market in tthey coming quarters with potential white labelling strategies and ottheyr bulk sale opportunities.  Our strong cultivation capability highlighted by our record 41,436 kilograms of production in fiscal Q1 is part of what gives us tthey confidence in our ability to capitalize on ttheir market. Our industry leading Q1 2020 gross margins remain stable at 58%, providing 53.7 million in gross profit to fund our operations. I’m also proud to report that our high-tech cultivation facilities delivered on our promise to provide industry leading indoor cash cost to produce below $1 a gram. And in fact, ttheir quarter we came in well atheyad of our expectations at $0.85 a gram. While we continue to leverage our coast to coast supply agreement to offer a broad range of premium consumer products across Canada, Aurora also remains focused on supplying medical patients with consistent premium products. In Q1 2020, tthey total number of active registered patients increased by 8% demonstrating tthey value of Aurora’s product and patient loyalty to tthey Aurora family of brands. Turning to tthey consumer side, tthey Ontario cannabis store, Ontario’s online retailer recently announced ttheyir top-selling dried flower products after tthey first year of consumer legalization. I’m very proud to report that our products performed exceptionally well, with San Rafael ’71 Pink Kush in tthey Number 1 selling spot followed by Aurora Blue Dream in second place and San Rafael ’71 Tangerine Dream taking third position. Ttheir is excellent confirmation that our premium cannabis products continue to resonate extremely well with Canadian consumers because we are adaptable to ttheyir demand for high quality consistent products.  We continue to be successful because Aurora has built up product development strategy that focuses on strengttheyning our competitive advantage with innovative product forms, enhancing tthey experience of existing customers, and capitalizing on opportunities to attract new consumers and new patients. Great examples of ttheir, or one great example of ttheir is, how we’ve continued to address tthey demand from medical patients for alternative delivery format and dosing options. A couple of tthey unique products that we brought to market include tthey recent launch of Aurora oral dissolve strips, a sublingual strip, which were created togettheyr with CTT Pharmaceuticals. Dissolve strips are a discrete easy way to use tthey product that is ingested sublingually to provide more rapid bioavailability of tthey cannabinoids to tthey body. We’re also excited to have recently reintroduced Aurora cloud for our medical patients. It’s tthey first and only legal concentrated CBD vape product in tthey Canadian market today. In addition, with tthey second wave of legalization coming into effect shortly, Aurora's insights and product innovation teams have done tremendous work to formulate new products in tthey right format that we think will exceed customer expectations and drive category growth. Aurora’s cannabis 2.0 strategy focuses on four key pillars, using quality extracts, leveraging proprietary extraction technologies to produce high-potency concentrates, providing a range of superior products to suit different consumer preferences and using our expertise to produce consistent and reliable products at scale. Tthey initial suite of new products that we will launch include vapes, concentrates, gummies, chocolates, mints and cookies. We've selectively partnered with a variety of organizations, prioritized our resources and built tthey inventory to theylp ensure consumers across Canada will have access to our high-quality derivative products. We’re ready to ship products, as soon as tthey regulations allow and are excited for consumers and patients to finally have access to a greater selection of product forms. As well, in advance of our new product forms being available to tthey market, we’ve launctheyd a ready for edibles, it’s a campaign dedicated to educating new and experienced cannabis consumers on responsible consumption and safe storage of edibles product. Before ttheyy become available for sale in December. We want to ensure that Canadians have tthey information that ttheyy need to understand ttheyse new products, how to consume ttheym responsibly and most importantly that ttheyy should be kept away from children and pets.  Educational content will also focus on identifying signs of over consumption understanding tthey differences in onset times and effects, cautions around mixing with alcohol and driving while intoxicated. Ttheir, we believe is tthey behavior of tthey industry leader. So, as you can see, we’re looking atheyad, continuing our focus on strategy and execution, serving our medical patients and consumers with premium safe affordable products and gaining consumers’ confidence and brand awareness. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Glenn who discuss tthey financial highlights of tthey first quarter and ttheyn we’ll open up tthey line to questions. Glen Ibbott Thanks, Cam, and good evening everyone. Tthey figures I'll be going over today can be found in our financial statements and in our MD&A and all are in Canadian dollars unless I note ottheyrwise. For our first quarter of fiscal 2020, for tthey period July 1 to September 30, we reported net revenue of just over $75 million. Our total cannabis net revenue, including wholesale came in at 71 million for tthey quarter. Non-wholesale cannabis net revenue was down 19% at 61 million. A decrease attributed primarily to a decline in Consumer cannabis revenues. Of note, demonstrating our continued commitment to tthey medical market, our medical cannabis revenues grew 3% even in tthey faces of challenges from tthey consumer system cannibalization. Finally, we did add a furttheyr 10 million in wholesale revenue at a very attractive 58% gross margin. I’ll now go into a bit furttheyr detail on each of ttheyse revenue streams. During Q1 2020, our medical cannabis net revenue increased 3% quarter-over-quarter to over 30 million, driven by our continued success in growing our patient base, which currently stands at just over 91,000 clients. Our revenue was affected by a slight decrease in tthey average net selling price of medical cannabis of 6%, but more than offset by patient growth. Tthey decline in selling price was tthey result of temporary pricing incentives designed to support tthey move of valuable long-term medical patients to Aurora, and away from LPs that we're not servicing ttheym well. As usual, our medical cannabis sales and gross margins were impacted by our decision to absorb tthey cost of excise taxes. We continue to lobby tthey government to remove ttheyse taxes from medical products. Our international medical cannabis sales during Q1 increased 11% to 5 million comprising 7% of our total consolidated net revenue. We expect a higtheyr rate of growth in our international markets, and over tthey last quarter, I have been adjusting strains under cultivation at our EU GMP facilities to better meet tthey needs of tthey European markets.  We have also been growing our sales force in Germany and believe we continue to have tthey leading market share of natural medical cannabis. Consumer revenue was $30 million, a decrease of $15 million or 33% from tthey prior quarter. Ttheir decline as you all know was driven by constraints in distribution networks that have caused a temporary decline in ordering tthey prudential distributors as ttheyy allow inventory levels to normalize. With adequate consumer choice now available, we’re also seeing consumers exercise that choice to select those products that ttheyy prefer. We monitor tthey sell-through rates from tthey provinces to tthey retailers very carefully as we believe that to be a strong indicator that our products are meeting tthey needs of consumers for both quality and pricing. We are pleased that tthey Aurora family of brands continues to show strength across tthey major provinces for sell-through. We expect theyadwinds to persist through tthey next quarter before Canadian consumer infrastructure develops and matures throughout tthey back half of our fiscal 2020 with tthey license fee of new retail stores across Canada and tthey introduction of tthey new product formats. I do want to emphasize that our average net selling price of $5.60 per ground was a sequential improvement of 7%, furttheyr highlighting that demand for high-quality recreational cannabis is strong and premium product can capture better pricing. During Q1, Aurora generated $10 million in wholesale revenues, compared to 20 million in tthey prior quarter. Although tthey selling price per gram declined from tthey previous quarter, we consider that selling excess extraction grade product had a 58% margin with a very prudent decision. As we noted on our last conference call, we expect our wholesale revenues to continue to be uneven and with our reliable production of quality cannabis with a very low-cost Aurora is uniquely positioned to capitalize on ttheir wholesale revenue opportunity. We do have line of sight to furttheyr wholesale revenues in Q2 2020 and are actively pursuing tthey development of a white label business as well. Aurora produced over 41,000 kilograms of cannabis in Q1, as compared to 29,000 kilograms in tthey prior quarter. Ttheir increase in output was primarily due to our production levels achieving a steady cadence at targeted capacities and our continued operational optimization at our Sky and Ridge facilities.  In Q2, we expect production to have been closer to our targeted annual capacity of 150,000 kilograms as we undertake certain R&D initiatives designed to enhance tthey cultivation process and as we introduced into our cultivation with certain higtheyr potency, but lower-yielding strains during high demand as consumer preferences evolve and become evident. Our cash cost to produce per gram of dry cannabis decreased to $0.85 per gram, down 25% from tthey previous quarter. As Cam mentioned, we delivered on a very important milestone that we have been talking to about for several quarters, sub $1 cost to produce. In an industry wtheyre reliable and quality supply is critical to building revenues and brands that will drive tthey company forward, we have a suite of production assets that deliver very high-quality cannabis on a consistent basis and with tthey lowest production cost, among those of our peers that are operating at scale. It is hard to overstate how important ttheir is for Aurora’s success over tthey next several years. Ttheir set out an example, a $100 of revenue at Aurora would deliver almost $60 to fund growth of tthey business without having to access external financing sources. It also allows us to move quickly to profitability of revenues recover. Let’s consider two comparable companies each with $80 million of quarterly SG&A. Aurora would need to generate about $130 million of revenue to flip profitability. A comparable company, let’s say a 30% gross margin would need almost $270 million in revenue breakeven. Our fundamental business leverage with ttheyse gross margins is incredibly important to building a long-term theyalthy business. It should be evident that Aurora can compete strongly in any market situation and would still deliver theyalthy returns at pricing that would not be sustainable for ottheyrs. Now, I’d like to discuss our SG&A levels. So, I need to provide some context. You will recall that we were just over $10 million in audit adjustments in our last quarter. As we noted ttheyn, our true SG&A was about $83 million. For Q1 2020, SG&A actually decreased by 3% to $81 million. Ttheir decline was primarily driven by reduced fulfilment and shipping costs related to revenue levels and a decrease in sales and marketing expense as a result of smaller scale, but targeted marketing campaigns during Q1. Ttheyse cost reductions are partially offset by controlled increase in corporate salaries, due to annual salary increases and tthey addition of professional talent both new hires and outsourced consulting to support strategic growth initiatives. As our company matures, we have made a number of changes to internal policies and oversight in order to closely manage tthey expansion of SG&A in our drive to profitability and prudent to capital management. As of September 30, 2019, we had $153 million in cash and cash equivalents. In August, we announced tthey upsizing of our secured term credit facility of $360 million with an accordion feature from an additional $40 million of capacity, and in early September we disposed of our remaining equity investment Tthey Green Organic Dutchman, generating approximately $86 million in gross proceeds. Our adjusted EBITDA loss for Q1 was 39.7 million, compared to a $26.6 million loss in tthey prior quarter, again wtheyn you take into account tthey impact of our year-end adjustments in Q4. Tthey change in our adjusted EBITDA loss is primarily due to tthey quarter-over-quarter decrease in revenue. Developing a profitable and a robust global cannabis company is extremely important to Aurora. We believe our industry-leading gross margins and high-quality cultivation philosophy will allow us to continue to thrive under any and all market conditions. We expect adjusted EBITDA to improve in tthey future as Canadian market constraints are relieved and as we increase revenue through tthey sale of higtheyr margin derivative products and as we manage corporate development and SG&A growth prudently. As you may have seen in our press releases today, we have announced a decisive plan to immediately strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet. Ttheir plan includes several steps that are designed to streamline our operations and provide financial flexibility and reduce financial leverage and response to your changing market and regulatory set of conditions, all with a view towards long-term growth and sustainability.  First, we continue to monitor and forecast in supply and demand in Canadian and International cannabis markets in order to time our scale up our furttheyr Aurora production capacity as needed. As a result, we recently adjusted tthey construction timeline for both tthey Aurora Sun and Aurora Nordic 2 facilities to more closely align with our current expectations for tthey timing of increasing demand. Ttheyse adjustments will result in significant decrease in our ongoing quarterly level of capital investment and are expected to conserve approximately $190 million of cash over tthey next few quarters as compared to our previous buildup plan. With tthey work completed to date, tthey company will be well-positioned to advance ttheyse capital projects as global demand or as Aurora's market share grow. As we noted in our release, we still expect to complete approximately 238,000 square feet at Aurora Sun in January 2020 representing six grow rooms and a mottheyr room. As I mentioned last quarter, Q4 2019 was tthey peak of our CapEx spend with over 20 capital projects on tthey go. Many of ttheyse projects continued through Q1 and have been substantially delivered in October and November. Our expectation for fiscal 2020 quarterly capital expenditures is that Q2 will be similar to tthey 108 million we reported ttheir quarter, Q3 will be in tthey $70 million range and Q4 will be in tthey $50 million range. Next, we announced that we have entered into conversion support agreements with investors representing approximately 155 million or 67% of tthey principal value of tthey March 2020 convertible debentures that are currently outstanding. Under ttheir contemplated transaction, all holders of tthey March convertible debentures will be granted tthey special conversion option for a short period of time to convert ttheyir March CDs at a price to be determined by our five day [indiscernible] formula. Any holders not exercising ttheyir conversion option will remain holders of ttheyir original debentures that will mature on March 9, 2020. Finally, we have been active on tthey overall US$400 million at tthey market financing programs as it represents a strategically valuable source of equity capital. To be clear, cash raised under ttheir program is transacted at tthey market price with no discounts, warrants, or ottheyr sweeteners offered. We consider tthey availability of tthey ATM for Aurora given our normal trading volumes could be a very important tool, especially given tthey current market conditions. Fiscal year to date, tthey company has raised gross proceeds of UD$124 million or approximately $165 million Canadian through tthey issuance of just over 29 million common shares. We believe that ttheyse measures to strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet and financial position in addition to solid operating performance we discussed earlier, strongly position Aurora to outperform tthey Canadian and international markets begin to expand tthey size of tthey addressable market. I’ll now turn tthey call back to Cam. Cam Battley  Thanks, Glen. So, in conclusion, we continue to focus on what we can control in an evolving market. Consistent execution, operational excellence, and our focus on operating a sustainable long-term business. And in addition to being agile and intelligent in responding to changing market and regulatory conditions. As our key performance indicators show Aurora delivered solid operating results ttheir quarter. Ttheir is exemplified by our industry-leading indoor cash cost to produce, which declined 25% and our continued strong and industry-leading gross margins in market share. Our announcements of a formal plan to settle tthey March convertible debentures, a reduction in our capital investments over tthey next several quarters, and racing over US$124 million in gross equity proceeds since tthey start of fiscal 2020 through our ATM are designed to put Aurora on a solid path to being a long-term winner in tthey global cannabis business. I’d now like to ask tthey operator to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Vivien with Cowen and Company. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Cam Battley Hi, Vivien. Vivien Azer Hi, good evening. Thank you for tthey questions. So, I'd like to unpack your revenue priorities, please. I appreciate your commentary around tthey margin benefits around white label products. That's certainly evident in your near 60% gross margin which is CPG like and very impressive, broadly in staples, and in particular [indiscernible], but at tthey same time ACB has been uniquely delivering higtheyr quality cannabis and impressively low cost. So, after ttheir week, wtheyre we have seen so many of your peer’s report earnings, we know it's been increasingly challenging for your peers to achieve, but [indiscernible] two things. Number one, how do you get comfort on demand planning around wholesale, and number two, do you think that you are like high quality production is replicable and scalable? Thank you. Michael Singer Glen if you could take tthey financial side of that ttheyn I can speak to tthey production. Glen Ibbott Hi, Vivien. You are asking how we get a view on wholesale as a long-term business, what we are seeing is that tthey extractors and as you know ttheyre is a number that have scaled up over tthey last year and are playing an important role in tthey industry right now are actually being selective about tthey quality, tthey inputs that ttheyy are getting. And so, we in ttheir quarter of tthey 10 million and ttheyre is at least three, it kind of spread evenly amongst three extraction companies than a small bit through an LP, and we do continued to get sort of tthey interest as long as we can supply tthey quality of cannabis that ttheyy are looking for, for continued buying.  We’re just trying to be cautious, because remember tthey last quarter because we still think it will be a little bit lumpy and ttheyre will be sort of an opportunistic element to ttheir, but we do have a view for continued revenues, I’m not going to go as far as saying as much as ttheir quarter, but certainly, and have to pay attention to. Tthey white label and piece of ttheir I think is really interesting to us. We are seeing a number of LPs that are eittheyr late to tthey game and are more interested in building a brand or simply just starting to realize and that’s may be timed to exit tthey cultivation side and tthey manufacturing scale up is incredibly difficult and we have tthey capacity across tthey chain from seed to sale built within our business now to be able to execute a white label business. So, we do have a team working actively on that. I think that's a real interest in terms of tthey additional capacity that we can produce is to go that route because I believe long-term that will be wtheyre tthey better margins are. I believe on tthey wholesale bulk opportunities to companies will see pricing pressure ttheyre develop over time. We haven't seen it yet, but we will see it, so much more interested in white labeling side. Cam? Cam Battley Yes, so Vivien, to get tthey ottheyr part you asked, wtheyttheyr we think that our high-quality cannabis production is replicable and scalable, and answer is, yes, that's exactly how we designed our production technologies and innovations from tthey very beginning, including our large Sky class facilities and we keep getting better and better at ttheir. So, we already had tthey higtheyst production efficiency per square foot in tthey world and we think that we can continue to enhance that. So, yes, our production with that high quality at low cost is designed specifically to be both replicable and scalable. Vivien Azer And just a follow- up… Terry Booth Just to add to that, Cam – Terry Booth theyre – Vivien, how are you doing? Vivien Azer Hi Terry. Very well. Terry Booth Good stuff. I just want to add to Cam's and Glen's comments with respect to ttheyse wholesale deals that we're doing, ttheyy mainly consist of trim and shake and it's tthey lower quality product that comes off of our product, we would normally extract from ourselves, and in fact, some of tthey supply agreements in that bulk sale includes our us extracting for ottheyr LPs, so it's anottheyr line of business, it's a profitable one with product that we would not normally consider high importance to us. Vivien Azer That's super theylpful. Thank you. A very quick follow-up. I want to be mindful of everyone else in tthey queue. But, like, is ttheyre are framework – can we define what quality means because I was chastised several times over tthey last two-and-a-half days at our conference in Boston around pegging potency to quality and that could very well be right. I don't know that tthey Canadian marketplace is so soptheirticated and I don't know that your buyers are so soptheirticated eittheyr, but you guys are clearly delivering a better product that has wholesale demand and I want to understand like what do you think tthey demand drivers are for that wholesale business that carries such a nice margin, please? And thank you. Terry Booth Can I speak to that Cam? Cam Battley Yes. Please go-atheyad Terry. Terry Booth Sure, so quality – quality of cannabis, it's something that has to be growing in a pristine environment, has to be growing in an environmentally controlled environment with tthey appropriate level on CO2 of micromoles of temperature and humidity, and at tthey end of tthey day, we know we can grow great pot and that's attestation to tthey awards that we receive from tthey consumers that are largely consumers that are very educated with respect to cannabis and it's really tthey profile of tthey cannabis including tthey THC levels, CBD levels and turpenoid profiles, terpene profiles, very important that those three come togettheyr and a pleasing effect, if you will, and that is what charts upgrade plot like our Tangerine and our San Rafael and our Blue Dream, it is what tthey educated and longtime users of tthey products look for. Now, [indiscernible] guys that can't grow or gals that can’t grow it quite right, it gets raunchy and burns your throat and those things aren't doing very well, are ttheyy? And that is because ttheyy're growing in environments that are non-conducive, ttheyy are not conducive to growing great smooth tasty, excellent effect cannabis, it's tthey profile, Cam Battley That's a good summary, Terry. Okay. Next? Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Tamy with BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Cam Battley Hi, Tamy. Tamy Ctheyn Hi, thanks. First question is, could you clarify what you mean by tthey lock of support in tthey press release on tthey debentures. So, are tthey committed CAD155 million shareholders, are ttheyy subject to a share lockup and if so for how long? Cam Battley Yes, can I ask Glen and Michael to weigh in on that. Michael Singer Sure, it's Michael. So, we indicated that we had secured a commitment of up to 155 million. So, a big, a majority of that is irrevocable commitments and ttheyy will be free trading stock at tthey time at which we grant those to tthey holders, and so we're very confident that obviously that represents a significant portion of that convertible debenture and we feel good that we're making a huge step forward in strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet by virtue of ttheir decision. Tamy Ctheyn Okay. So, ttheyy will be free trading at moment of grant. Ttheyre is no lock-up period. Michael Singer Ttheyre is no lock-up period. Correct. Tamy Ctheyn Okay, thanks. My follow-up question is, I'm just trying to reconcile between your commentary about number of your strains or products, I should say, are top rated in a number of ttheyse provinces versus tthey sell-in that we've seen ttheir quarter, recognize that ttheyre is tthey limited distribution and number of stores, but we've seen some of your peers increase ttheyir share of sell-in sequentially. So, could you theylp me reconcile between ttheyse two assets? Thank you. Cam Battley Yes, ttheir is Cam. What we're tracking is that our brands remain eittheyr number one or number two in all tthey major markets across tthey country. What we're seeing is that we obviously moved an awful lot of product in tthey previous quarter and so it takes time for ttheym to work through tthey inventories. That's essentially what we anticipate. We're getting nothing, but good feedback on our brands, and we believe that we continue to lead to have leading-brands in tthey marketplace, if not number one, ttheyn number two. Terry Booth Cam, I would like to add to that, what happened with tthey provinces last October was ttheyre was an under-supply and tthey licensed producers took theyat, tthey provinces took theyat, we allocated tthey best we could, I don't think many of our contracts were under-supplied and ttheyn we all started growing cannabis and some started growing cannabis a little bit later and not been able to provide stuff tthey ttheyylves at all. During tthey summer, tthey provinces feasted on tthey supply that was available and stocked ttheyir ttheyylves to tthey limits and that was maybe a good idea in ttheyir minds, because ttheyy're not going to have supply issues for tthey retailers anymore, but it also affected tthey next quarter in which ttheyy didn't buy as much. Tthey ottheyr thing that's occurred is, some LPs, including ourselves, we've put some product aside for 2.0 and getting ready for ttheir derivative market, if you will, it's higtheyr value market. So, some of our higtheyr top strains weren't as available to ttheyse provinces because we were saving it and we were extracting it and we were creating pens and gummies and cookies and things like that that are going to be available for 2.0. So, I think that if any LP has increased its sale, ttheir is because ttheyy came to tthey party later or ttheyy finally had tthey ability to provide tthey contractual amount that ttheyy were committed to. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Chris with Bank of America. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Cam Battley Hi, Chris. Chris Carey Hi, good evening. So, maybe I just want to ask higtheyr level kind of philosophical question, and it's tthey second time today that I have used that word, and so I guess maybe just trying to understand your decision process, right? And maybe how that's evolved and what you've learned over tthey past six months, right, because I guess we've known for a little bit now that maybe things were slowing and you know that CapEx has stayed high. Obviously, it's coming down going forward, which is good to see, but you have to use ttheir ATM and kind of dilute your shareholders more just to kind of buffer your balance ttheyyet and I get that sort of what's required right now, but , and so I don't think anyone's arguing with tthey company's ability to execute on cultivation and get good gross margins and supply tthey channel and certainly I think tthey Canadian government and tthey retail channels, it's not theylping you out, right. But ttheyre is anottheyr aspect of it that discretionary spending has been pretty high and theyre we kind of are at really having to buffer tthey balance ttheyyet wtheyre things that aren't so ideal and so maybe just kind of how your decision-making process has evolved right over time, and how we should kind of think about things over tthey next six months to 12 months? Cam Battley You've asked, what we've learned? Tthey answer is, a theyll of a lot. And you noticed that we started to change our behavior, including our spending habits right tthey beginning of 2019 and that's wtheyn we started to get very serious about tthey path to profitability. So, since ttheyn, we've been putting an awful lot of effort in controlling it – in cost management, right? And you see that our SG&A is clearly that that's been well managed and until ttheir quarter, it has been growing less fast than our revenues. So, we have learned a lot. I think you should also take a really close look at tthey margins, our commitment to high margins and higtheyr margins than our peers and continually bringing those costs down, while increasing scale, that's something that speaks to a sustainable business. Now, you say that ttheyre have been indications that tthey retail infrastructure would not be ttheyre. Well, yes, but that's true and we'll take our lumps on that as long as everybody else does too and I don't just mean ottheyr producers, analysts and observers across tthey board I think anticipated that ttheyre would be more retail infrastructure available by now than ttheyre is. Now, if tthey question ttheyn becomes, what do you do about it? And we think that we are doing tthey intelligent rational things. We're scaling our production to make sure that it's ttheyre to meet tthey demand, we're going to try and enhance that demand and stimulate that demand certainly, but we're also – we're making very careful steps to ensure that we maintain that high margin and keep delivering those high margins over time. To us, that speaks to tthey companies that will come out tthey ottheyr side after a win-win, because we all know that not all existing cannabis companies, including publicly listed ones, are going to make it. To us, that business strategy speaks to a company that's going to come out tthey ottheyr side and be a long-term leader. Chris Carey Okay, thanks, Cam, and ttheyn just as a follow-up, and Glen, I suppose I asked you something similar last quarter and tthey pieces have just changed a little bit theyre, but if you kind of take that, what's remaining on tthey credit facility and tthey fact that you don't probably have to pay as much on tthey convert obligation in your calendar Q1, but even if you kind of assume cash burn at tthey improved CapEx and maybe even operating cash flow better, is it kind of your base case now that you need to exercise all of tthey ATM to kind of get you to your fiscal 2021 cash flow wtheyn maybe you get cash flow positive or maybe said anottheyr way if that's not tthey right way to think about it – because that's kind of maybe how my math is working out, what's tthey appropriate way to think about just cash burn relative to funding needs and how you're going to get ttheyre? Thanks so much. Glen Ibbott Yes. So, Chris, and yes, that's an excellent and an obvious discussion we've had it before and we all want to do tthey math. What really, I think about ttheir is, ttheyre is a lot of things yet to come and I know a number of our peers itself, for instance, with strong revenue guidance and stuff because we need to see how a few things play out. We had an excellent feedback from a number of sources on our initial product offering for tthey 2.0 products.  Tthey provinces won't issue purchase orders until December wtheyn ttheyy're legally allowed to purchase. But we're starting to get a view that we've got tthey right line-up of products, quality products and at tthey right price and so we think we'll be off to a good start ttheyre. A big part of ttheir is as with tthey 1.0 launch was showing up, so showing up with good product portfolios, with piece of it, it will also depend on how our peers show up as well.  So, as we talked about earlier in my example of leveraging tthey margin, tthey profitability or EBITDA line is going be highly dependent on how tthey consumer market with tthey new products and with tthey retail footprint if we take Ontario at ttheyir worth and speed things up, that's going to impact our revenues a lot and finally impact how much cash and wtheyn we get to profitability, about how much cash we'll need. But we are also trying to balance our need or desire to continue to build a global business. So, part of ttheir I think will inflect as we look at certain strategic and tthey transactions, we're looking at would certainly be accretive, but we will. I guess, see how it plays out. Right now, my anticipation isn't that we would need to use tthey ATM to tthey extent that we currently have approved, but I'm going to have to wait to see on how 2.0 and retail rollout and certain strategic transactions play out over tthey next several quarters before I can – before we can land definitively on that. I'm certainly happy to continue to talk to [indiscernible] about ttheir because I think we are learning every step of tthey way as to how things are going to look over tthey next couple of quarters. Terry Booth Hi, Chris. It's Terry theyre. Just to add to Glen's commentary ttheyre with respect to Cannabis 2.0, ttheyre's a few things theyre with 2.0. I also include tthey Ontario retail government processes being fixed. Alberta met Ontario sales, we got one-third of tthey population to Ontario. So, that tells me ttheyre's a significant amount of cannabis users because we have tthey same cannabis users per capita in tthey provinces of Ontario and Alberta. So, ttheyre's a massive amount of people who have not been brought into tthey web, if you will, of legalized cannabis because it hasn't been as available and if you think about it all that we've really been selling ttheyse poor retailers, that was only joints, capsules, tincture and bud, and how we're going to be adding a numerous different product lines to truly meet tthey mandate of tthey federal government and tthey UN Convention wtheyn you legalize adult cannabis, you have to show that you're going to be competing with and reducing tthey gray market. Ttheir 2.0 is going to do that, and it's going to allow tthey retailers to do better off, it’s going to increase tthey sales on tthey high-value products, and it's going to bring in more users that are already in tthey system, but still choosing to go to tthey gray market. I'm excited to tell about 2.0, I don’t want to be supposed to be told be conservative Terry, but I really am pumped about how Aurora has done its job and getting ready for 2.0 and all indicators from our retailers, from our provinces, from Health Canada and all tthey little theymp [seen theyre], has that Aurora is at tthey top of that pack as well. So, we're pretty pumped. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Doug with RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Cam Battley Hi Doug. Doug Miehm Thank you. Hi, how are you doing? Got a couple of questions that maybe have been obvious, but I'm just curious about how things are going with tthey US CBD deal in terms of timing, and first to on time or if ttheyre is anything new you want to add to that discussion? Cam Battley Yes, I'm going hand it to Michael and ttheyn maybe come back at tthey end because we've learned a great deal about tthey U.S. market, because remember, it's not just tthey Canadian cannabis sector that's been struggling, it's tthey U.S. sector as well. So, ttheyre's has been a lot to learn about that. Michael, do you want to speak to ttheir? Michael Singer Sure So, no surprise we remain very active in looking at opportunities in tthey U.S. and ttheyy have to fit a number of certain criteria and I think what we're looking to do is to try to sort of piece togettheyr a number of different sort of strategic initiatives that I'll put our way out. So, obviously, we're going to have to operate under tthey current regulatory framework. That's a key-criteria for us. So, we see tthey U.S. market as a platform for us to be able to capitalize on not just tthey U.S. market, but use that as a springboard if you want for international CPG expansion and so that links very nicely to our relationship with Nelson and tthey Congress and tthey connections that Nelson has provided us in terms of some of ttheyse strategic partnering discussions. We're actively involved in negotiating a long-term relationship with many of ttheyse CPG companies with Nelson's theylp in terms of how we're going to structure ttheir so that we could link togettheyr, like I said, not just a U.S. strategy, but one that integrates a number of different of ttheyse strategic partners in different industry verticals that we start to think about, I'm owning a lot of ttheyse different industry verticals that we see as a huge global opportunity. So, we're not at a point at which we can announce that today of course, but we continue to make tremendous progress and we're excited about tthey development of those discussions or tthey continued dialog that we have with numerous parties, ttheyn I think wtheyn we eventually do announce a U.S. entry and a strategy, it's going to be very clear as to how ttheir ties togettheyr and it's not just those strategic partners we've announced, ottheyr strategic partners like tthey UFC, and so all of ttheir is going to be all encompassing and a very clear path forward in terms of how we feel we're going to operate in many different of ttheyse developing industry opportunities. Doug Miehm Okay. Great. Terry Booth If I could add, Michael, on tthey – [tthey technology] pretty slow at ttheir, but it's important that we know what tthey regulatory framework will look like and tthey USDA just recently like two weeks ago, maybe less, finally put out ttheyir requirements around tthey production of theymp and tthey testing of theymp and CBD [indiscernible] wtheyn ttheyy get tested and that drives a lot of our decisions on which partners we choose to enter into tthey United States. So, we're happy at that finally out and that will expedite tthey decision on tthey entry point. Doug Miehm Okay, perfect. My follow-up question just has to do with product velocity, we have seen good product velocity with your various products, but maybe what you could do is just compare what you're producing in Sky versus MedReleaf/Wtheirtler and ttheyn maybe dovetail that into, we've seen a lot of issues, and maybe ttheir was touctheyd on a little earlier around product returns and those sorts of things and do you believe that ttheyre is any evidence that you could face potential for pricing decreases or product returns in tthey future? And with that, I'll leave it ttheyre. Thanks very much. Cam Battley Yes, it is Cam, I'll take tthey first crack at that. We have not – to date, we have not seen significant issues with product returns. And I know why you're asking because that's really kind of plagued some of our peers. We're not having tthey same issues. I want to touch wood because you never know what will happen in tthey future, but we do not anticipate that we will have those issues eittheyr. Just remind me with tthey first part of your question was, Doug, if tthey microphone is still open. Operator Doug is no longer connected. Cam Battley Okay. I'm sorry, Doug, we'll have to do that in a follow-up call. It's been a long day and having that [indiscernible]. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of John with CIBC. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Cam Battley Hi John. John Zamparo Good afternoon. Hi. Cam, you referenced changes in tthey – or in customer preferences impacting your revenue in tthey quarter, I'm just hoping you can elaborate on what that is. And just to clarify your commentary from earlier, do you expect to grow revenues in Q2? Cam Battley We're not projecting that. We're not giving guidance on that. As Glen indicated earlier, we'll have better visibility, once we see exactly what tthey rollout of new retail infrastructure is going to look like and also wtheyn we see what happens with tthey uptake on tthey Cannabis 2.0 products. John Zamparo And impact during tthey quarter, like tthey change in customer preferences? Cam Battley Yes, look, we were constantly evolving our product mix. One of tthey things, if you were on an earlier call today, is one of tthey ottheyr companies, perhaps had difficulties with tthey volume of certain derivative products that ttheyy were trying to move in tthey consumer market. On tthey – in terms of flower too, we're always adjusting based on which sells well. So, we have already started to change tthey mix of cultivars that we're growing and we will continue to do. So, I think actually we're very, very agile. We've got a very good market surveillance and I would suspect better than most of our peers, and that's essentially what we're talking about ttheyre. John Zamparo Okay, thanks. And ttheyn my follow-up is on profitability. So, tthey various puts and takes in tthey market and we all know ttheyre's not enough stores. You'd previously expected profitability a couple of quarters ago. So, I'm trying to get a sense of wtheyn do you expect ttheir now and what ability do you have to flex SG&A down in case tthey retail rollout delay continues? Cam Battley Glen, can you speak to that? Glen Ibbott Sure. Listen, I think it is important – we do have a long-term view on ttheir industry. Cam outlined that a little bit earlier. We're very excited and I haven't seen anybody pull back on kind of tthey accessible market projections in Canada, in tthey US and globally. So we're balancing – you're asking specifically about tackling SG&A, we think we have it at a pretty good state right now, tthey folks in tthey spending of course were containing and controlling and really watching it closely, but I'm also recognizing we're trying to build a global leader theyre and sometimes you got to be careful not sort of pull that too far short term at tthey cost of tthey long-term value creation. So, I guess what I'm trying to get at theyre is I think SG&A is at a good level, we'll manage it prudently. In terms of profitability and EBITDA, as Cam mentioned earlier, I don't think ttheyre's any of us on ttheir call that we're expecting Ontario a year after legalization to expand 24 stores, so ttheyy made tthey right noises slightly or certainly are a little more optimistic that ttheyy are not going to get out of tthey way and start licensing that province properly and it's we harp on Ontario simply because it is tthey biggest province in ttheyre so far behind tthey leaders like Alberta, which has almost 300 stores as compared to Ontario's 24. So, wtheyn we were looking at EBITDA positive, we were expecting an Alberta retail footprint, [Alberta] we've seen a retail store go in, tthey spending is very encouraging at those stores, so we expect that to be a big driver. But we're just being very cautious right now. We're controlling, and I think, controlling effectively all tthey levers that will take us to profitability and certainly amongst our large-scale peers we think we'll get ttheyre much earlier than ottheyrs, but we've gone on about tthey margins. We think that's incredibly important again using my example, tthey difference in revenues you need to generate wtheyttheyr you're operating 60% margins or 30% margins to get to profitability are astounding and with controlling SG&A we deliver tthey product mix that tthey market wants because all those pieces in place we just need tthey retail infrastructure, tthey provincial distribution and tthey new products, and ttheyn we'll see how ttheir plays out. So, we're staying away from projecting wtheyn that will happen, but we know what we're monitoring to see what that ramp looks like. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael with Piper Jaffray. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Cam Battley Hi Michael. Michael Lavery Thank you. Good evening. I have kind of strategic question and a quick follow-up after. But strategically, I guess if you look at your business, you've got tthey higtheyst growth gross margins in tthey industry, you've got tthey lowest cost at least by far almost anybody, and yet your EBITDA margin is negative, it got worse, it's obviously behind tthey targets for profitability you've had for 4Q and if I'm theyaring you right ttheyre is not really necessarily a light at tthey end of tthey tunnel. As you look at your wholesale sales and you talked about tthey attractive margins ttheyre even slightly better than total company gross margins and also tthey outlook you gave with very positive remarks around tthey outlook for white label sales, I guess I just want to understand how you think about wtheyre your right to win is and wtheyre your best position that would you ever rethink how you approach your position in tthey market and maybe pivot a little bit more to take advantage of wtheyre you've got ttheyse advantages and rethink a little bit of who you want to be wtheyn you grow up? Cam Battley So, let me just clarify, are you talking about do we want to move more toward wholesale in tthey short term or tthey medium term rattheyr than ttheyn something else. Is that what you're saying? Michael Lavery Well, a little bit yes I mean, I guess, theyre something how I'm thinking about, you've also obviously mentioned tthey attractiveness of tthey Wave 2.0 products and that's clear, but clearly everyone’s saying that and ttheyre is no brands establittheyyd yet, if even for tthey extractors ttheyy want quality products to put into those quality flower to go into tthey extraction for those products. You seem to be saying over and over again that your cultivation is really your strength, does it make – is it right to be investing as a brand owner and on tthey downstream side if really wtheyre you can win is on your low-cost advantages? Cam Battley So, let’s look to unpack that and let's start with wholesale. Let's remember that virtually all tthey wholesale product that we're selling is trim and shake and maybe some popcorn buds, tthey smaller, less attractive flowers. So, ttheyre is a limited amount of that. We also have – Aurora arguably has tthey most attractive medical brand, certainly in tthey world, and we've got tthey most attractive consumer brands in Canada. I would not say that our chief strength is just cultivation, it is cultivation and that's great. And we've emphasized now for what three quarters that we see tthey critical success factor in tthey short term theyre in ttheir industry, being able to produce consistently without crop loss, high quality, low cost cannabis and ttheyn to move it through multiple distribution channels. But that's not tthey only thing we are good at.  Our technology is amazing and so one of tthey reasons we are so confident about Cannabis 2.0 is because our product development team led by Dr. Shane Morris who is just amazing. We have a tremendous product development team and we're very excited about our products. We think that in general Cannabis 2.0 advantages will tend to benefit tthey larger companies more than tthey smaller companies and we think that we have particular advantages ttheyre. So, we're not prepared to concede any aspect of ttheir business right now. Michael Lavery Okay. That's really theylpful color, and just to follow up, I'd love a quick sense if you look at it ttheir way or have some way to quantify it, wtheyn you look at your portfolio and your yield, your crop, clearly we've seen tthey stronger demand on tthey higtheyr potency side, I don't know if 20% is tthey magic cut off. I'm not sure how you may classify it. But wtheyn you look at your portfolio and what you sell, do you have a sense of how it breaks down by potency? Cam Battley Terry, do you want to take that? Terry Booth Sure. You're bang on, potency is tthey driver at ttheir point of tthey popularity of Cannabis flower. If you think about it potency and tthey next 2.0 as whatever we want it to be right, we can take right up to tthey max or is going to be derivative products like shatter and hastheirh and oils in tthey future and near-term future that will have extreme potency and we'll be able to shake out exactly wtheyre that demand is, if people really want to take it to a 95%, well, we'll see. I think that tthey cultured community people that are chronic users of ttheir excellent product, we will be looking toward that. But what is tthey percentage of those? But we don't have all tthey stats. Tthey West Coast of USA to provide some insight into that, ttheyy are certainly higtheyr value products though and you're right, tthey demand for tthey high potency is ttheyre and that's why we've pivoted over tthey last six months to start focusing on tthey higtheyr potency, me myself. You don't think that what I would use ttheir, but because it does take you through a different La La Land, and I think that people are still looking for it, tthey millennials are looking for – ttheyy think that ttheyy are getting more product wtheyn ttheyy get more kick – and until ttheyy get fully educated with respect to tthey different combinations of terpenes and CBD and THC and tthey ottheyr 114 cannabinoids may have – ttheyy'll find ttheyir way and ttheyy'll find ttheyir brand. We're still in year one theyre, right? Ttheir is inning two perhaps in Canadian adult usage and Aurora has nailed it. You well have to remember ttheyse ottheyr companies had a six-month – six-quarter, sorry, theyad start on Aurora and I'd hate to belabor that point, but we've caught and passed ttheym and we've done it two quarters in a row and we're doing in a great way. Tthey Aurora story is a great one because we went with a method of grow that was not risky, that we de-risked tthey method to grow by having ttheyse purposeful-built facilities – purpose-built facilities and I can't say it enough how proud we are of tthey teams that have assembled ttheyse, we're becoming tthey employer of choice. We're becoming a partner of choice globally. Ttheyse theyalth departments across tthey world are calling us first. Tthey team that works outside of Canada are nailing across tthey board. I'm excited to tell, yes, we had a drop-in cannabis sales, but it was anticipated, and we let you know, hi, tthey provinces were oversupplied and some of us producers not us reading oversupply of those provinces and theynce tthey return issue.  We had our allocation plan, we didn't take tthey bait, we maintained our allocation amount as per our contracts and that's why we have very few returns if any of tthey very note, we got tthey odd broken box, but ttheir is a significant difference between us and tthey rest with respect to quality and to suggest that we're just great producers, that's crazy. We are great at every vertical that we've entered and will continue to execute into every vertical that we enter by hiring tthey people who want to come over and work for us. Operator Your final question comes from tthey line of Matt with Canaccord Genuity. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Cam Battley Hi, Matt. Matt Bottomley Hi, how are you guys doing? Thanks for taking tthey question. I know it's getting late. I'll just keep it to one. It relates to – you mentioned tthey importance of your gross margin as a key metric and it's something as you sort of look at all tthey different capacity expansion plans throughout tthey industry that are starting to reach inflection points theyre. You've noted a couple of facilities wtheyre you're going to be taking tthey foot off tthey accelerator as a means of reallocating capital, but what's your view on tthey risk of facilities are actually currently already up and running, wtheyre that money is already and capital has already been invested becoming underutilized as more and more capacity comes online, and how that might impact your gross margins in tthey near term given that I think it's generally understood that ttheyre is a huge oversight trend of overall capacity, let alone tthey inventory that's sitting at tthey retailers right now. I'll leave it ttheyre. Thanks again. Cam Battley Okay. I'm going to take tthey first crack at ttheir and ttheyn hand it to Glen and if they wants to Terry. Overcapacity is really an interesting question, because ttheyre is no really such – ttheyre really is no such thing in economics over tthey long term, right? It's going to find its appropriate level and we always felt from tthey very beginning that we had to be able to produce a very large amount of cannabis, but particularly economically, something that a number of our peers have not demonstrated tthey ability to do. Now, you're right, a lot of capacity has come into tthey system. I don't know how much of it's going to stay and ttheyre are producers out ttheyre who are not economic right now and ttheyy'll never be economic because ttheyy simply don't have tthey capability to produce cannabis at low cost. I would say that from tthey Aurora perspective, on tthey contrary, we are quite prepared to generate very, very theyalthy margins even if ttheyre is price compression over time. That stands us in very good stead and as Glen has emphasized to be able to continue to succeed under any market conditions. Glen, do you want to add to that and take us home? Glen Ibbott Yes, I think it's important to make tthey point that we theyar about oversupply as we've seen ttheyre is oversupply of some poor-quality product resulting in not moving through. As I mentioned in my prepared comments that we monitor sell-through from tthey provinces to tthey retailers closely. I think that's a good indicator of tthey viability of tthey theyalth of tthey business or you're producing products that consumer wants. So, wtheyn we're you know number one or number two in tthey major provinces in sell-through rates, it's important to us because it says that we're actually, yes, we're producing so is everybody else. We're producing products that people want. And so, but wtheyn we talk about oversupply, you need to peel it apart a little bit, I think, and just say oversupply of what? And if it's oversupply of poor-quality cannabis and we are seeing a few new folks in tthey industry launching what ttheyy've said are value brands, but that was in some cases it's dumping inventory brands. Yes. Ttheyy're going to have to get rid of that inventory and tthey production at whatever price that tthey public is willing to pay for it, and that's a whole different ball wax than us producing a quality product. Even if we want to compete in value category, a quality product with theyalthy margins that consumers want. So, I think as Cam said ttheyre will be some capacity. I think that exits tthey market, if you can see price compression on tthey poor-quality cannabis and you can produce for that sub CAD1, but even if you can produce for less than CAD3, ttheyn you're going to have a real problem remaining variable on tthey cultivation side. So, we'll see, it's very interesting time, I think tthey next year a number of quarters you are going to play tthey game out theyre and we'll see who is left that can compete with tthey theyalthier companies like us. Terry Booth Glen, if I can add to ttheir quality question, you know wtheyn we negotiated with ttheyse provinces a year ago, ttheyy didn't want to differentiate between tthey quality of cannabis, because ttheyy didn't know. In fact, we knew that we had better cannabis tthey most and we were trying our very best, but ttheyy grinded us hard. Ttheyy know you guys shall be priced in tthey same bucket until we see wtheyre tthey demand is.  Now that tthey demand is up, ttheyy're starting to see tthey baby [indiscernible] champagne starting to see that people want Aurora cannabis on ttheyylf, ttheyre are some strains that we can't grow enough of, and we're on that, we're trying to grow it as much as we can of tthey brands that are in high demand and that's just catching up now, so – and I didn't realize ttheir – we didn't realize it and it took at a year to sort of figure that out. And now, let me go back to ttheyse provinces, look, theyre's tthey criteria, theyre's tthey demand, theyre's much tthey retailers are ordering, ttheir is what ttheyy're selling, ttheir is what tthey consumers want, we're able to put that price up even more. Ttheyy think about it, we have tthey [Indeciptheyrable] price because of high quality cannabis and we're tthey lowest cost producer. That's a recipe for success. That's what makes me excited in a big way and I think you all going to be happy campers if you're investing in Aurora come tthey closure of 2.0 and can really look at about 2.0 ttheyn. That might not be tthey last calendar quarter. It might be tthey first calendar quarter, which that better be if we're driving a bus, right. But ttheir is a rosy picture for Aurora, I wouldn't want to be in some ottheyr shoes out ttheyre in ttheir industry. We know that tthey access to capital is difficult. That's why we set up great instruments at market not discounted not warrant, [no BS] we have a sound plan. We're making sound decisions in reducing CapEx based on global demand, we're able to turn that back on in a theyartbeat. And we do feel, I feel that we're going to happen within a short time frame, but let's see how it all pans out. Aurora has once again taken anottheyr step to meeting ttheir world as tthey greatest cannabis company in tthey world and we're very proud of that. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey question-and-answer session. I will now turn tthey call back over to Mr. Battley. Cam Battley Yes, and I'll just wrap it up. I want to thank everybody for your questions. Thank you very much, and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Have a great evening. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.