Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call September 22, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Miguel Martin - CEO Glen Ibbott - CFO Conference Call Participants Vivien Azer - Cowan Pablo Zuanic - Cantor Fitzgerald Michael Lavery - Piper Sandler Andrew Carter - Stifel Tamy Ctheyn - BMO Capital Markets Matt McGinley - Needham Operator Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to tthey Aurora Cannabis Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call for tthey three months ending June 30, 2020. Ttheir is being recorded today, Tuesday, September 22, 2020. Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed in today’s conference call or answers that may be given to questions asked could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to tthey risks and uncertainties relating to tthey Aurora’s future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect results are detailed in Aurora’s annual information form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Tthey company expects to file ttheyse documents before tthey end of ttheir week and ttheyy may be accessed via tthey SEDAR and EDGAR databases. Since we are conducting today's call from our respective remote locations ttheyre may be brief delays, cross-walk or ottheyr minor technical issues during ttheir call. We thank you in advance for your patience and understanding. I would now like to introduce Mr. Miguel Martin, Chief Executive Officer for Aurora Cannabis. Please go atheyad Mr. Martin. Miguel Martin Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for giving us your time. First, let me say that very much appreciate tthey board's confidence and appointing me to tthey CEO role. I'm pleased to be working with tthey team on tactical plans to establish Aurora as a profitable growth-oriented leader in tthey global cannabinoid market. I take my fiduciary responsibilities to our investors very seriously and determined to do everything that I can to enhance shareholder value. Ttheir begins with managing tthey business for tthey high degree of fiscal discipline, especially in tthey midst of a global pandemic. Over tthey last several days, I've had an opportunity to speak to a few of you in tthey investment community. But for tthey broader audience, perhaps it would be theylpful to provide a bit of my background. I've spent my entire career in sales, marketing and leadership roles within tthey regulated CPG product industry. I started my career with Altria and spent about 18 years ttheyre ultimately leading ttheyir sales group. I ttheyn went to become tthey President, one of tthey largest electronic cigarette companies Logic which was ttheyn sold to Japan Tobacco, tthey third largest tobacco company in tthey world. After that, I went to a startup and became CEO of Reliva CBD, currently ranked tthey number one CBD company in Nielsen which was just recently acquired by Aurora. So, I spent a lot of time working in fast pace, constantly evolving, highly regulated and fluid environments wtheyre adtheyrence to compliance and testing is essential to success. I accepted tthey CEO job because I see an opportunity to quickly leverage my skill set in a regulated CBG product development theyre at Aurora. I’m fortunate to step into a company built with a dedication to science and a compliance first approach. With strong execution I expect to build a profitable business in Canada that we believe can be portable to ottheyr larger global cannabinoid markets. Having spent four months now at Aurora, I've seen tthey talent and industry knowledge that makes ttheir company innovative and agile. Aurora will be a global leader in cannabinoids wtheyn tthey largest markets open up and my job is to make sure that Aurora executes on that plan. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Glen Ibbott, our Chief Financial Officer to walk you through ttheyir financial results for Q4 2020, and ttheyn I'll be back to discuss some of our business plans going forward. Glen? Glen Ibbott Yes. Thanks, Miguel. My pleasure to take our first earnings call togettheyr, I’m very excited about tthey vision you have for Aurora and tthey opportunity for Aurora to realize its full potential as we remain focused on becoming a profitable growth-oriented leader in tthey global cannabinoid market. So, good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on today's call. As you know, on September 8 we provided a business update including certain unaudited preliminary fourth quarter 2020 results. Ttheyrefore, I can be a bit brief in my review of our financial results for tthey quarter. Tthey figures I'll be going over today can be found in tthey press release we issued after tthey market closed today and ttheyy're all in Canadian dollars. For our fourth quarter fiscal 2020 tthey period from April 1 to June 30, 2020 our net revenue came in at CAD72.1 million while our total cannabis net revenue came in at CAD67.6 million. While our sales mix remains evenly split with tthey consumer cannabis segment delivering CAD35.3 million in net revenue and our medical cannabis segment delivering CAD32.2 million in net revenue. Total kilograms of dried consumer cannabis sold increased by 36% as compared to tthey prior quarter but ttheir was offset by an approximate 30% decrease in tthey average selling price per gram of dried cannabis flower. Daily Special our value brand accounted for 62% of total net consumer revenue from flower in tthey quarter as compared to 35% in tthey third quarter. Ttheir is tthey primary factor impacting tthey decline in our average selling price per gram of dried cannabis flower. Consumer cannabis extract net revenue decreased by CAD1.5 million as compared to tthey prior quarter driven primarily by a decrease in sales of our vape products. During tthey fourth quarter, tthey increase in our medical cannabis net revenue was comprised of an increase in Canadian medical sales up CAD0.7 million and an increase in our international medical cannabis business by 14% or CAD0.6 million. Pricing in both markets stayed strong and steady. We produced over 44,000 kilograms of cannabis in Q4 and that’s compared to approximately 36,000 kilograms in tthey prior quarter. However, as we continue ttheir aspect of our business reset, which consists of rationalizing your production footprint and closing a number of our smaller facilities, we expect our total production going forward to average about 35,000 kilograms per quarter. And out of ttheir production, 65% or more is expected to meet our top-quality flower standard. We expect our facility rationalization to be accretive to our gross margins over time, while we continue to work on maximizing yields, potency and ottheyr quality characteristics of our cultivation. Our forecast for inventory drawdown suggests that our flower production versus sale will reach a steady cadence over tthey next several quarters. While trim will also reach a steady state drawdown given our renewed focus on bait and ottheyr derivative categories. Our cash cost to produce per gram of dried cannabis sold improved to CAD0.89 down 27% from tthey previous quarter. Ttheir is a slightly modified method from previous quarters that reflects changes to our inventory costing methodology, which places a theyavier waiting on our top quality flower and less on byproducts. Our low cost per unit production is anottheyr lever that allows us to build a brand across multiple pricing tiers while maintaining strong and theyalthy sustainable margins. Our adjusted gross margin before fair value adjustments on Canada's net revenue is 50% in Q4 versus 43% in tthey prior quarter. As you're well aware we have been focused on prudently managing SG&A cost down to our targeted run rate of CAD40 million to CAD45 million per quarter over tthey course of tthey second half of fiscal 2020. We are pleased to have successfully reduced SG&A cost, which includes R&D spending from over CAD100 million in Q2 2020 down to CAD64.6 million in Q4 excluding approximately CAD3 million of non-recurring costs related to tthey business reset. I am furttheyr encouraged to tell you that we are now operating at our targeted quarterly estimated run rate in tthey low CAD40 million range as of Q1. Thirdly, reducing tthey run rate to below CAD40 million range was very important that has strived to deliver positive EBITDA. We also believe ttheir level of SG&A and is quite sustainable and very capable of supporting a much higtheyr revenue margin. Our progress in continuing tthey reduced book overall and per unit production costs, as well as tthey significant decrease in SG&A demonstrates our commitment to manage or lower positive EBITDA for Q2 2021. Ttheyse efforts were certainly necessary that's clearly been disruptive to tthey organization. So, while ttheyre is still more work to do, we’re now in a position wtheyre most of tthey OR team can focus ttheyir attention on delivering Miguel's plan for growth. But pulling all of ttheir togettheyr adjusted EBITDA in Q4 2020 was a loss of CAD34.6 million. At CAD30.7 million it excludes severance and non-recurring costs related to our business transformation. Ttheir is obviously a substantial improvement over tthey prior quarter adjusted EBITDA loss at CAD50.4 million and it is tthey second consecutive quarter of improvement in our adjusted EBITDA. We expect ttheir trend to continue through our first half of fiscal 2021 as we remain dedicated to achieving positive EBITDA in Q2. Turning to our balance ttheyyet as of June 30, 2020 our consolidated cash position was a CAD162 million compared to CAD230 million as of March 31, 2020. Cash used in Q4 was similar to that in Q3, however tthey mix within cash use shows our significant positive progress. We used CAD53.3 million in cash to reduce our term debt and lease obligations and we made additional debt payments subsequent to quarter end. As of today, our outstanding term debt balance stands at about CAD110 million. In tthey quarter we used cash to pay capital expenditures invoices of CAD32.8 million which includes of course work done in previous quarters. Ttheir is tthey CAD51.3 million reduction in CapEx quarter-over-quarter cash spend. Finally, cash used in operations for two quarters were CAD63.9 million. In tthey fourth quarter, we’ve raised approximately CAD48 million under our aftermarket financing program and also financed a new prospectus supplement to enable us to raise an additional US$250 million under tthey ATM program. So as at tthey June quarter end we had approximately US$220 million available under our current ATM program and ttheir provides us with additional balance ttheyyet support if required as we drive towards achieving adjusted EBITDA profitably in tthey near term. During ttheir environment we believe that access to capital is of paramount importance. However we are focused on getting tthey platform positive as quickly as possible to alleviate tthey need for additional equity capital as much as possible. We have multiple levers to pull to achieve ttheir milestone including cost and efficiency opportunities and production and SG&A that we've identified that should continue to drive cost well over time and of course tthey successful execution of our tactical plans to improve market share in Canadian consumer market. As we have demonstrated with our progress on tthey operational reset we will continue to prudently manage our liquidity as we strive for positive EBITDA in tthey second quarter of fiscal 2021. Tthey material run rate reduction in our CapEx and SG&A costs should provide comfort to our investors but tthey theylp of our income statement and balance ttheyyet is of primary importance to us. We expect that our current cash position should be sufficient to fund operations to tthey point wtheyre positive EBITDA and free cash flow are achieved and sustainable. Tthey remaining capital available under our ttheyylves perspective protects tthey company and our shareholders as tthey backstopping in uncertain environment. We'll use it judiciously for opportunities for delivering near-term payback. We have in fact used that subsequent to our June quarter end to fund tthey announced termination payment to tthey UFC. Since we are closing in, on tthey end of Q1 2021 we thought it would be theylpful to provide some forward-looking commentary on how tthey quarter is shaping up. Following tthey divestiture of non-core subsidiaries during fiscal 2020, our net revenue in Q1 2021 should be comprised exclusively of cannabis net revenue, which is expected to be between $60 million and $64 million, compared to tthey $67.5 million of Q4. We expect adjusted gross margin before fair value adjustments on cannabis net revenue to be within a range of 46% to 50%. To our growth in tthey consumer cannabis revenue was not expected in Q1 2021, our medical business is expected to remain steady, and we expect traction from our execution of consumer market share tactical plan as Miguel will outline for you shortly. To share our results beginning in Q2, however in terms of progress positive EBITDA tthey Q1 consumer revenue level is more than offset by adjusted gross margin that continued to stay strong due to a favorable sales mix and a significant reduction in SG&A levels to low $40 million range. So two housekeeping notes before returning tthey call back to Miguel. First, as we announced in our business update on September 8th Aurora and tthey UFC have agreed to mutually terminate tthey partnership. We will ttheyrefore be making a one-time payment of $30 million to terminate contract in Q1. Ttheir is expected to allow us to reallocate more than €150 million to our core markets that we’re CAD150 million to our core markets that would have ottheyrwise been spent in fees, research costs and marketing activation expenses over tthey next five years. Second, we’ve reactheyd an agreement with our syndicate of bank regarding amendments to our secured credit agreement. Ttheyse amendments provided us with additional flexibility including a reduction in tthey adjusted EBITDA milestone and including shifting tthey impairment of positive adjusted EBITDA into Q2 2021. And finally a reduction in tthey size of tthey revolver facility to better align with our average receivables balance and ttheyreby reduce standby fees. To furttheyr conclude that we have made many difficult decisions over tthey past few quarters and have leaned theyavily on tthey talented and hardworking people in our organization. Although it's been disruptive, it was also absolutely necessary. And now we feel that tthey company is unencumbered from distraction and can execute on tthey vision and strategy being developed by Miguel. So with that, I would like to turn tthey call back over to Miguel and have them share some of their thoughts. Miguel Martin Thanks for tthey financial summary, Glen. I strongly believe that tthey long-term outlook for cannabinoids is very exciting both in THC and in non-TCH variance. And I think Aurora is uniquely positioned to realize opportunities in both segments. We're seeing tthey level of interest globally and medical systems grow and Canada's consumer market is returning to a nice pace of growth. So ttheyre continues to be positive momentum in tthey industry and our job now is to prove to investors that we can achieve profitability in our core markets. Building a base of free cash flow in our core business today will also allow us to invest globally for tthey multiyear investment horizon we see in cannabinoids. Tthey theirtory of global CPG brands is rooted in building capabilities and core competencies in ttheyir home markets that are ttheyn portable globally and that is what we intend to continue to build theyre at Aurora. Having been with tthey company for about four months I believe I have a reasonably firm grasp on what we need to accomplish across four main focus markets. First tthey Canadian medical, second European and select international medical, third Canadian consumer, and fourth US CBD to be successful. Our domestic and international medical businesses are operating well and continue to track tthey plan. We will continue to invest in ttheyse areas to maintain and grow our leading share in ttheyse markets. However given tthey recent lack of growth we've been experiencing within tthey Canadian consumer markets let me lay out our initial tactical plans within ttheir core market before taking your questions. First leveraging traditional CPG models of consumer insights and data sets including feedback from more mature markets such as tthey United States to identify consumer product opportunities. Second reinvigorating Wtheirtler, San Rafael, and Aurora our super premium and premium brands. Third continue to innovate and launch new offerings in key known margin accretive consumer categories such as vapor edibles and concentrates. And fourth tactical sales execution including addressing product availability, visibility, packaging and a focus on higtheyr margin product sizes and format. On tthey first part we've made investments in both syndicated and proprietary data sets. Ttheir includes monthly information for more mature markets in tthey US that assist us in modeling future ROI opportunities. Ttheyse insights are expected to guide us in decision making and effective execution. Second I want to dispel tthey current thinking that tthey whole cannabis category will be commoditized. Tthey data from Canada and ottheyr mature markets indicate that premium and super premium brands have been and will continue to be successful in all formats. We expect to refocus our dried flower business towards gross profit dollar pools and away from total revenue. One of tthey first steps we expect to take is building a more balanced portfolio offering across multiple pricing tiers. We already have a collection of great premium brands, Aurora, San Raf and ttheyn Wtheirtler as a super premium offering. So we need to emphasize all of our strong premium brands to balance out tthey total offering to our consumers. We also intend to better position ttheyse three premium brands across various formats to foster greater brand visibility and provide greater choices to tthey consumers. For example, San Raf pre-rolls or higtheyr quality Wtheirtler wave. Third, we know an important part of growth in such a new category and ttheir is a direct experience that I've had for my days of Logic and ttheyn at Reliva is that project innovation and leveraging technology needs to be a core competency. Thankfully, we have a theirtory of product development theyre at Aurora and you should expect us to see us leverage that internal expertise into new segments of tthey market particularly expanding our market-leading edible offerings into concentrates. Gummies represents a good example of wtheyre Aurora already has a leading market position and we expect to allocate additional resources in tthey coming quarters to solidify and enhance our leading position and grow that format. Ttheyse opportunities represent sources of strong gross dollar contribution and wtheyre we have technical knowhow that gives us an advantage over our competitors. And finally, we'll be focusing on driving profitable growth that means making sure that we're improving our execution with classic CPG sales, marketing, trade marketing and customer engagement systems. Ttheir will improve in-stock conditions, visibility of key brands, customer relationships and that is theirtorically result in increased market share. Furttheyrmore, we will explore aligning our packaging, sizing with that regional demand to enhance our profitability And wtheyre applicable consider more flexible packaging options to reduce costs. Due to just appeal of tthey low hanging initiatives that we’re executing in tthey coming months should continue to build strong brand awareness and affinity with consumers. While I've outlined just a few of tthey tactical plans we're putting to work for now in our Canadian consumer business my focus is on ensuring that tthey entire Aurora team is executing to ttheyir respective plan. Ttheir includes continuously looking for more effective ways to connect with our consumers and opportunities to extract efficiencies from our operations. Throughout my career I’ve implemented multiple examples on simple well executed plans resulting in outside gains in CPG categories. We operate in tthey category wtheyre market share is moving 500 basis points in a few months. So I feel strongly that our plan executed correctly should return us back to our leadership position in tthey Canadian consumer market. Glen has already provided an overview of Q4 financials including our focus on achieving EBITDA profitability in Q2. And I can certainly appreciate tthey key stakeholders to be skeptical of forward-looking statements from Aurora. So all I can say is looked at tthey data in tthey coming months we see tthey trajectory of our success in tthey Canadian consumer market. We will see progress in our premium brands and adjacent key categories like vapor and pre-rolls you know now tthey plan is on tthey right track. Thank you for your time. I’d now like to ask tthey operator open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first quarter comes from tthey line of Vivien Azer with Cowan. You may proceed with question. Vivien Azer My question has to do, Michael with some of tthey portfolio initiatives that you just laid out, given tthey increasingly large role that value is playing both in your portfolio as well tthey category as a whole. As you look to improve your positioning and market share on Wtheirtler, San Rafael or - and/or Aurora, do you see tthey need for any pricing adjustments up or down to create a little more differentiation throughout your portfolio. Thanks. Miguel Martin  Well, Vivien, good afternoon, and thanks for your question. I believe having tthey experience of 20 years in tthey tobacco vapor and ottheyr regulated product experience that ttheyre really is an opportunity to have more articulated portfolio. Tthey focus on low cost flower I think has created a lot of pressures. Tthey reality is tthey Canadian consumer and ottheyr consumers really value tthey differentiation that ttheir product can bring in some ways more or so than ottheyr categories that I've worked in, wtheyttheyr it's potency, terpenes, packaging or background, I just think ttheyre's a greater opportunity and ttheyre is evidence wtheyn you look at more mature markets like Colorado or California that consumers are willing to pay more. And so yes adjustments do need to be made in order to make sure we take advantage of that so that we do get a premium and premium margins. Tthey ottheyr thing I will talk a little bit about that you're quite familiar with is tthey ecosystem of a brand and its equity. So Wtheirtler as an example I believe has been underserved it's always been a super-premium flower product organic in its very nature and finite. Ttheyre are no reason that tthey cues that we see with tthey Wtheirtler or Aurora or a San Raf can't find its way to ottheyr formats such as vapor, such as pre-roll, such as concentrates. And as long as those key notes and premiumness validate tthey economics I think you can have a really strong ecosystem wtheyre you’re always going to have a certain amount of value but that tthey consumer is given, proper opportunities to work up that value chain. And given tthey economics of tthey difference in margin contribution between tthey super-premium and tthey value products given my background with brands such as small grown company again [indiscernible] Logic and even parts of tthey Reliva portfolio I think I have a pretty strong background in finding a place for multiple brands throughout tthey portfolio. So we're excited about it. I will say it's one of tthey things that really attracted me to tthey job. I am blessed with really great premium and super premium assets and now we have to bring ttheym to tthey consumers in tthey marketplace. Vivien Azer That's perfect. And ttheyre’s a quick follow-up for me. As you've indicated we should keep an eye on just month to month to month revenues and development ttheyre as benchmarks of success. But as you think about market share, what is tthey charge for your team, is it to improve Aurora's overall market share or are you more focused on market share by price segments? Thanks. Miguel Martin  Thanks, Vivien. No, I'm absolutely it's tthey latter. So I've lived in worlds and you've seen worlds wtheyre overall market share is not a true indicator of a company's profitability. We will be much more interested in tthey market share of our premium and super premium categories, much more interested in tthey market share of categories such as vapor and pre-rolls and concentrates that are margin accretive and if ottheyrs want to play in that deep discount flower business that really has compressed margins in order to boost ttheyir overall company market share so be it. But ttheir really is an effort to achieve profitability to higtheyr margins. And so it will be tthey latter part of your example, that will be a clear focus to us and it’s our target around EBITDA, profitability and being margin accretive that is much more tthey focus of tthey company than an overall company market share. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Pablo Zuanic with Cantor Fitzgerald. You may proceed with your question. Pablo Zuanic Can we just recap in terms of what's happened over tthey last six months? And tthey reason I asked that, you're guiding for direct sales to be down 10% to 20% in tthey September quarter, right, if I do tthey math, medical staying around 32. So regular September quarter is falling 10% to 20%, it fell about 10% in tthey June quarter, right. And you talked about 60% of sales or more coming from your value brand Daily Special. So just what happened ttheyre, was it that tthey value segment lost share and it doesn’t seem to be tthey case. Why did Daily Special not work? And that's one question. And ttheyn, tthey second one, wtheyn I look forward, yes, you're going to be focused on tthey premium side and given your background and tthey knowhow you’ve talked about. I’m sure that it can become materialize, but you’re going to have a 60% of sales or more that I suppose is going to be declining, right, because of tthey trend that we’re seeing ttheyir value. So ttheir transition could take place for a while. I mean we would be looking at flat sales for more than just one quarter. If you can highlight that? Thank you. Miguel Martin  Sure. Thank you, Pablo. And I appreciate kind comments. My opinion is tthey company had a tremendous success with Daily Special. And if you look at tthey February say through April time period ttheyre was a massive amount of market share. That was taken and ttheyy were first mover into that value segment. However, ottheyrs quickly followed. And wtheyn you’re displaying on price it just becomes diminishing return. And so, I think tthey company got a bit distracted by tthey success that ttheyy saw with that discount offering which was Daily Special, which sort of delayed ottheyr endpoints such as vapor and pre-rolls. Ttheyre is a lot of growth in tthey category and ttheyn everyone else kept piling in and because ttheyre with such a reliance upon that discount business and a lot of different ways both on tthey gross side, on tthey sales side, on tthey trade marketing side wtheyn that was just completely you know pressed against by competitive pricing pressure it became hard to pivot. Now in terms of your point on timing, I guess I would raise sort of three points. First is tthey category is growing. Aurora has not participated in that category growth in a way that you know I think is respective of what I would expect of tthey company. And so, tthey good news is that consumers continue to come in, stores continue to open particularly in Ontario and tthey Aurora needs to participate. Second thing is, we all see brand shares moving very quickly. Tthey consumer is in a very dynamic situation unlike say domestic tobacco or ottheyr categories I've been in wtheyre 20 to 30 share points are basis points of share of moved in a month you're seeing 200 basis points, 300 basis points of share moving ttheym on. So you can do it with tthey right products with tthey right execution. And so, in terms of timing, we are going to be launching a stronger portfolio of vapor products, you're going to see a greater effort from us on pre-rolls, and you're going to see a deeper focus on our premium flower products. That puts a stronger focus on sales execution and engagement with tthey provinces and trade marketing should allow for quick move. I'm not you know theyre to debate exact timing and I don't think it's fair to predict exactly wtheyn you're going to see X amount of market share by category. But through theyadset data and ottheyr data that clearly is available to you, I would keep going back to ttheir. If you see progress from Aurora on its premium brands in tthey upcoming weeks and months and if you see progress in those categories that are margin accretive versus just overall market share led by a low cost flower, ttheyn we’re on tthey right track. And everything I am going to do, and everything on my background, I think puts me in a good price to drive that type of execution. Pablo Zuanic And just a quick follow-up for Glen. So Glen, I mean at BTO you have to use part of ATM to settle tthey UFC but I suppose we can - we all understand that. But looking forward how do you think are tthey convertible bonds, right, ttheyy are trading about a 50% discount, is that an opportunity that will it make any sense financial sense and strategically also to use part of ATM to buy some of those bonds. I think in my math that would be agreed if you can touch on that please. Thanks. Glen Ibbott Yes. Thanks, Miguel. So listen I mean ttheyre is an awful lot going on at Aurora and in fact about tthey business transformation and tthey significant effort and focus factor from tthey organization now we're pivoting to much more of a focus on delivering on tthey commercial success that Miguel just to outlined for you but I suggest ttheir. I mean we've said before that one of tthey mindset changes we made within tthey organization is much more financial discipline and prudence and with a kind of soptheirtication if you will, so if not it's not an immediate concern I recognize exactly what you're talking about, but it's not an immediate concern but we will look at all opportunities if ttheyy make a positive sense for our company and our shareholders and we will certainly consider ttheym, but we should know that ttheyre were certainly mostly, most of tthey organization is focused on delivering what Miguel just outlined for you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. You may proceed with your question. Michael Lavery Can you talk about some of tthey thinking around tthey profitability target and what some of tthey key hurdles are and things to watch and specifically coming close already to ttheym in tthey first quarter what's in place already? How much is ttheyre some things that you still need to achieve, could just kind of a sense of progress along that and what tthey key variables are? Glen Ibbott Yes. Miguel would you like to take it. Miguel Martin  Yes. Why don’t you Glen and ttheyn I’ll talk a little bit forward-looking please. Glen Ibbott Yes. Absolutely. Yes. You know listen, I mean, we've done a lot of theyavy work over tthey last few quarters. And you know you know SG&A and continuing to maintain some - keep some theyalthy margins in place, we fixed a number of pieces in tthey business that drive tthey EBITDA, but we do have tthey consumer piece of tthey business that needs to be corrected that Miguel told a little bit about that and I'm happy to tell you more. Michael Lavery Sure. Glen Ibbott But if you look at what we’ve delivered in terms of EBITDA in Q4 it was just over a negative CAD30 million you know taking out tthey severance cost, but that was well we were still carrying CAD64 million of SG&A cost. So as we stand in Q1 we're now running in tthey CAD40 million. So you could see an immediate improvement in tthey EBITDA CAD20 million just simply from our SG&A reset. We do expect continued strong performance in Canadian and European medical markets. So really tthey positive EBITDA is exactly as Miguel has outlined. You can watch that in tthey data over tthey coming months. And our continued focus on fiscal prudence, I mean, we have done a lot of hard work on our cost structure, but we will continue to focus on new incremental opportunities because tthey whole company in a different mindset now and I know ttheyy are looking for places we can save cost and it adds up. So it’s a different company. We’re positioned, I think, well and as I say tthey root forward is to deliver on some of ttheyse premium categories and even within tthey flower market and ship that product mix up to something that delivers more dollars to tthey gross profit line that it goes to simply just delivering revenue. Miguel Martin  Yes. I mean, Michael, I guess tthey ottheyr thing I would say is wtheyn I look at those companies that have been successful of our competitors ttheyy’ve executed a pretty thoughtful plan, but tthey execution level was tremendous. And it looks a lot like CPG and I'm sure you can imagine who I'm talking about. So I don't think that tthey approach has to be particularly advanced or take a long time and simplistic is not tthey right word because I have deep respect for our competitors as much as I want to be an aggressive competitor against ttheym. But, to tthey Glen’s point, tthey company really was distracted. I think in a lot of ways by reset, both on tthey people side and on tthey production side. I think ttheyre was a lot of credence put togettheyr around overall flower share. But ttheyre were some investments made that with tthey right direction and with tthey right accountabilities and focus and you’re going to theyar me say ttheir over and over again, pushing tthey company into focusing on its premium assets in flower, vapor and pre-rolled and implementing classic CPG sales trade marketing, consumer engagement methodology, that’s what worked for ottheyrs and tthey rewards have been outsized. So I think we have tthey assets. I believe we have tthey right people and with tthey right plan and accountabilities, and to Glen’s point we have enough resources, we don’t need CapEx, We don’t additional accountability. Because at tthey end of tthey day, Michael as you know ttheyre is only roughly a 1,000 stores in Canada. So, if you can execute you know ttheir plan successfully, we can move quickly with tthey right products, in tthey right availability and I could rattle off you know tthey 5ps on and on, but that's really going to be about execution. But I'm confident that we have tthey product availability, tthey product quality and tthey plan. Now is it ever going to be quick enough for everybody? No. But I think you'll find our steps to be thoughtful. And if you look at what our compares have done successfully ttheyre is nothing sort of in our portfolio or in our capabilities that gives me pause that we don't have what ttheyy have. Michael Lavery Just on tthey portfolio mix you mentioned tthey 62% value in 4Q. What does it look like 1Q to-date and wtheyn do you on a target range from wtheyre you should be going forward? Glen Ibbott I don't have a specific target. I know some might say well that's theylpful. I can tell you that ttheyre'll be a significant amount of focus put on Wtheirtler San Raf and Aurora and that will be across tthey board. And as you know tthey most great brands particularly in a market wtheyre ttheyre's dark marketing or dark marketing you know provisions having tthey sales force, having tthey provinces, having tthey product distribution and availability and potency be focused on that does a lot of it. So you're going to see progress. You're definitely going to see a more balanced portfolio and you're also going to start to see tthey development of ttheir ecosystem. You know Wtheirtler will stand for things in tthey core categories both in flower and adjacency. San Rafael will stand for things in those ottheyr categories and so Aurora in ways that maybe daily special doesn't it all those articulations. So my goal is to make progress and to have a defensible articulated portfolio. And you're obviously well aware As we all are of Marlboro Friday creating a scenario wtheyre you so advance tthey discount business that it creates structural advantage of tthey premium and super-premium is really not a great place to be and so we’re going to start to reverse that and those percentages and allocations will definitely advantage tthey higtheyr ends of those purchases in those three or four primary categories. And I guess tthey only ottheyr thing I will say is wtheyn you look at things like vapor concentrates and pre-rolls ttheyre's a lot of opportunity to bring some classic CBG elements in packaging and alignment. And on vapor many of tthey things that you're seeing in ottheyr categories are theyat not burn into consumer connectivity that allows tthey consumer to see value and ttheyrefore pay higtheyr margins in a way that maybe traditional flower doesn't lend itself. So I'm pretty bullish on those opportunities and I believe some of tthey experiences I've had on combustibles and smokeless and vapor and ottheyr categories lend itself well to ttheir regulated market. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of David Kideckel with ATB Capital Markets. You may proceed with your questions. Unidentified Analyst [Frederico], actually ctheming in for Dave. So congrats on tthey quarter guidance, thanks for taking my question. So just to start I mean, what you’ve seen in tthey markets so far, how should we think about derivatives in terms of overall revenue mix that you're targeting as well as in terms of margin potential compared to flower maybe over tthey next fiscal year and also longer term? Miguel Martin  Glen, you want to start that, and I'll pick up tthey back side of it or would you like me to start? Glen Ibbott Yes, Miguel start and I'll add in some color. Miguel Martin  I think by indicating tthey mix and how we should think about adjacent categories So from a mixed standpoint you have due to tthey fact that so much production and capacity was brought online we clearly were going to see a gripe of flower and particularly what we would call lower quality flower. And that would be lower potency and terpenes and ttheyn tthey high grams sizes. And that's always going to have a lower margin profile. And ttheyre’ll be a place for that. But as we think about you know higtheyr margin offerings it's not just you know Wtheirtler, San Raf, and Aurora but also those you know packing sizes like 3.5 and 7 gram that went down right give tthey consumer additional value. And so you know we've laid out tthey theirtoric margins and obviously talked about our medical margins. I think as you think about adjacent margins ttheyre's two things really to consider and I'm not going to give you tthey precision of tthey answer that may wop but I'll give you a sense of it. Wtheyn you look at pre-rolls vapor and edibles ttheyy are margin accretive particularly as you offer premium items. Tthey second aspect of it is excellence around extraction or in ottheyr ways to use tthey byproduct of your flower production facility also creates economic value and margin accretive opportunities. So that environment wtheyn you can be having a you know a strongly articulated flower portfolio as well as also being in a situation wtheyre tthey byproduct can find its way in to tthey margin accretive products and you can have a fully articulated portfolio wtheyre you know you're doing you know a decent amount of your business and in super premium a strong amount of your business and in tthey premium and you have a necessary amount in tthey discount that clearly should have significant margin impact as well as tthey impact of selling higtheyr margin items such as premium vape pre-rolls and concentrates. And if you look at tthey U.S. we see a wonderful opportunity and you know and that's not a national framework. We see brands developing in California and Colorado in some tough markets and so clearly brands developing in California and Colorado in some tough markets. And so, clearly, if ttheyy can do what ttheyy are, it definitely demonstrates that we can do it in Canada and you know we feel good about our opportunity. And if you look at tthey equity scores and if you look at sort of tthey awareness of those premium brands we're blessed with, I’m bois that we can move up tthey margin chain and flower and ttheyn those ottheyr adjacent categories. Miguel Martin  Yeah. I just want to add a little bit of maybe an example, but as little bit of flavor you theyard Miguel talk about margin accretive and premium asset. If we use a like a 3.5 gram pack of our Wtheirtler flower and compares that to 3.5 grams of tthey typical discount flower for what we see in tthey market that package of Wtheirtler will deliver 10 times or more tthey gross profit dollars that tthey discount flower would. So wtheyn we say we're blessed with some premium assets and we’re focused on tthey margin accretive, particularly it doesn't mean that we have to replace all tthey daily special revenue with an equal amount of Wtheirtler revenue, although I’ll be delighted if we did. But we're really you know trying to be a more soptheirticated and bring out that margin CPG oriented company that is really focused on delivering EBITDA, I mean, gross profit dollars. So, that margin accretive and premium across tthey brand but also within flower, I mean, incredibly important our execution theyre over tthey next number of quarters and so, it's a mix I think if I can direct you to anything please pay attention. Tthey mix as we go outlined in those categories rattheyr than just pure sort of revenue market share allocation that will be tthey indicator of our success. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you. That's theylpful. And just a follow up for me, more of a broader question theyre in terms of international markets. I mean, you’ve talked a lot about tthey Canadian market, so - but how does that - how does international market doing to your strategy right now? Miguel Martin  So from an international standpoint, tthey international revenue today continues to be largely from tthey German and now has been a consistent performer for tthey past few quarters and we expect it to show growth into tthey future. We've had success in tthey German market wtheyre actually, number one provider of flower we’ll continue to see opportunities in tthey oil market and we're closer to achieving some really important regulatory milestones, including GMP certification in our operations in Denmark. Now, that facility in Denmark will allow us to ship from Denmark to Germany and tthey rest of tthey EU and ottheyr parts of tthey world, particularly those parts of tthey world that really look for GMP products. So we're bullish on tthey international market. We're not going to play everywtheyre. I think you're going to find us to be opportunistic. But tthey one thing I will say about tthey international market that also I think speaks to ottheyr opportunities is, it takes a lot of investment and it takes a lot of compliance experience and it takes a lot of thought to be successful with tthey high standards that ttheyse international markets have. Once you build those capabilities which we continue to do in tthey Canadian market and Germany and ottheyr markets it becomes very portable. And I know everybody wants to talk about tthey high potential of US and ttheyse ottheyr markets. But clearly as tthey larger markets come online, those companies particularly tthey successful Canadian LPs that have demonstrated expertise in tthey Canadian market, interacting with Health Canada and ttheyn ttheyse ottheyr markets that are highly compliant and require a lot of infrastructure and thought, puts us in a great position. So we'll continue to be opportunistic. We feel good about tthey international business. We feel that medical in many cases leads to rack opportunities, and that muscle memory that we’re developing ttheyre can be portable in a way that is definitely advantageous to us as ttheyse markets continue to open. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Andrew Carter with Stifel. You may proceed with your question. Andrew Carter So, my question is just kind of going back to what was implied in tthey consumer performance. You got a stable medical business and perhaps you might want to comment on Reliva as well as how that's trending in line with acquisition? It’s pretty significant step down and tthey step down is well-theyad is kind of what we're seeing in tthey consumption data. So a couple questions that are you know are you seeing anything? Is ttheyre any disruption in tthey orders from tthey provinces about Ontario would be taking up with stores? Are you missing orders because you talked a lot about execution on pre-rolls, concentrates, et cetera. Could you theylp us with any more clarity kind of what's going on beyond that? Miguel Martin  Sure, Andrew. I’ll be happy to. So, I mean, you can see it in tthey theyadset data. You know tthey company made a big push in tthey discount you know in that February to April time period, built a lot of share. Everybody piled in. It became sort of a bit of a race. You know we got tthey lowest priced product. Tthey company did not have you know ottheyr products wtheyttheyr it's in tthey premium flower business or vapor or pre-rolls. And because those categories also grew at an exceptional rate, Aurora did not keep pace with category growth loss share and ttheyrefore tthey step down. So I don't you know I'm not trying to be defensive. I think you can see what tthey opportunities were. You can see one competitor in particular that did really well. Ttheyy had a fully articulated portfolio, high levels of availability and visibility. Ttheyy did well in a finite number of those adjacent categories particularly vapor and pre-rolls and that's tthey model we're going to follow. So it's going to be you know I don't want to sound repetitive, but it has worked. It will work. I think tthey benefit we have now is we had a bit of distraction with tthey reset and tthey factory stuff going on. We do have great brands. We do have tthey products coming online and at tthey same time that you see Ontario and ottheyrs. So, wtheyn you look at tthey provinces, tthey provinces operate like any ottheyr wholesaler in tthey US. Ttheyy don't play favorites. Ttheyy want to make money. Ttheyy want to have a certain amount of days on hand and ttheyy want to service ttheyir retailers. So, as brands, in ttheir dynamic category, ttheyy've done a pretty big job particularly Ontario and ottheyrs. And so, wtheyn you don't have tthey offerings and your brand is declining share, it's less about tthey execution and we are worried about that. If you have tthey right offerings and tthey right product categories particularly in premium and super premium, which ttheyy have also incentivized to push, to make more money on it ttheyn we'll be ttheyre. So, I'm not worried about that. If we can take care of what we need to take care of and I feel good we will, we’ll have tthey support of tthey provinces who operate as wholesalers and we’ll have tthey support of tthey retailers. And again, I just highlight tthey finite number of retailers, I mean I've worked in systems wtheyre you're talking about hundreds of thousands of retailers. Ttheir is about a thousand. And so, with proper sales execution which I have a long theirtory of and engagement, I don't think ttheyre's anything systemic or systematic in tthey provinces or tthey retailers that holds us back. We just did not participate. We lost share because we didn't have tthey right premium offerings in flower and we weren't ttheyre on vape and frills. Those things will be fixed. As for Reliva, sorry, go atheyad. Glen Ibbott No. That’s good. I was going to Reliva next but you go atheyad. Miguel Martin  Correct. Tthey product sale of Reliva, Reliva 99 plus percentage of sales are brick and mortar. And you might ask, during a COVID environment, why. Two reasons, one is because tthey retailers that we partner with and we're exclusive with some of tthey largest retailers in tthey country with over 23,000 stores, which I think may be tthey most. Ttheyy've taken a really dim view of those that have pivoted to online sales. And so, we decide to place of long ball and not do that. Secondly, we're very bullish on you know what we've theyard out of tthey FDA and I don't think that hinges on tthey November political decision. You have Senator McConnell you know on tthey Republican side who is tthey biggest ctheyerleader of industrial theymp. And obviously, it's been a good issue for tthey Democrats. But tthey reality is as a retail-driven company, COVID you know really hurts Reliva. Now given its variable nature and now a lot of fixed costs, it's not losing money, but it's not making a material amount of money. Now tthey deal as was announced contemplated a performance-based metric, so if Reliva doesn't you know perform that back into tthey payment to tthey shareholders, obviously we’ll not be ttheyre, but it's a wonderful optionality and I will remind people that to ttheir day Reliva is tthey number one ranked Nielsen Company. And number two in IRI. And so it's wonderful optionality. And wtheyn tthey FDA goes forward those companies with tthey theirtory of compliance and in brick-and-mortar will win and I think Reliva will be a wonderful asset and EBITDA at its most conservative estimate CBD represents over CAD1.8 billion or CAD2 billion in retail revenue. So tthey real hidden gem in ttheir whole thing and wtheyn we talk about global cannabinoids is leveraging Aurora science and innovation on tthey non-TCH parts of tthey portfolio, which could be bigger than tthey THC parts of tthey portfolio particularly with positive FDA action in tthey US. Andrew Carter Fair enough. And some of tthey - some of ttheir core obviously was - was some cuts and tthey focus on cost savings. So in terms of as you're trying to get back in tthey game I guess you got anottheyr round of restructuring kind of what comfort can you give that you - did you have tthey right investments in place and perhaps investments don't need to go higtheyr from theyre and that you can successfully execute tthey restructuring and grow market share theyre and that’s one. Miguel Martin  We don’t - ttheyre’s not - if you look at CapEx or ottheyr investments, I mean, what I’ve described it can be handled by tthey production facilities, tthey marketing and sales organization and everything that we have. So we’re going to be nimble and more agile, but we from an infrastructure standpoint I don’t see an added investment required and as tthey category continues to move I think you'll find us to be pretty agile around it. My background has been lower fixed and higtheyr variable. Obviously ttheir category and ttheir company it's a little bit different, but we'll do what it takes to be competitive in tthey marketplace. But a simple to your question is, ttheyre's no big investments we need to make to be competitive in premium flower, vapor pre-rolls or concentrates. Glen Ibbott I mean, it’s been a massive change from wtheyre we were a number of quarters ago and call into question wtheyre we had a sustainable level. We absolutely believe that current level is sustainable and certainly capable of supporting a much bigger revenue business. What happened, I think is that, we had to strip it down to tthey core markets. Ttheyre was a whole lot of non-core outsets and distraction. So stripping away as we said we go divested a number in non-core taking complexity of tthey business and rationalizing a production footprint again taking complexity out of tthey business and really focusing on - focusing on something that should be fairly straightforward. We produce and deliver a number of brands across tthey categories, so tthey better best in Miguel’s world. And we complain a number of different categories that all derive from cannabis and extract. So it’s a fairly simple conceptual business and as we meet it very complicated because of all tthey optionality we’ve given all over tthey years. So time to take hold that out. We're down in a nice kind of rate now, I think is very sustainable over tthey next number of quarters. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Tamy Ctheyn with BMO Capital Markets. You may proceed with your questions. Tamy Ctheyn First I just wanted to ask can you elaborate a bit more on some of tthey material weaknesses in certain internal controls that was referenced in an earlier press release and how you will run up with ttheyse. Miguel Martin  Yes. Absolutely, Tammy. Ttheir was our first year as a SOX reporter and quite frankly with a company such as ours that's been built through, through acquisition it was a monumental challenge. And ttheyn you throw tthey COVID pandemic in on top of that wtheyre everybody ttheyn had to scatter and start working remotely, it was - it was incredibly complex. Tthey material witnesses and you'll see ttheym in our MD&A that we’ll file in a couple of days for tthey most part revolve around tthey number of IP systems that we have. Many of ttheym sctheyduled for decommissioning but that were slowed down as part of business transformation and quite frankly through COVID and things like that. So we ended up at tthey year-end still using some systems we hadn't expected to use. So ttheyre are some, some issues or like minor issues and not issues in minor but issues of segregation tthey duties within tthey system. So ttheyre was nothing in ttheyre that caused those pause. We were actually how to say somewhat dumped with it but a lot of it's been remediated already and tthey remediation plan for tthey remainder for tthey most part revolves around sales and tthey full implementation of tthey ERP system that's been underway for a while now. Ttheyy did not result in any material error, ttheyre's no restatement. So, it allowed tthey outcome of that given tthey environment in tthey first year sort and incredibly complicated, tthey company behind tthey scenes at that time was a pretty good outcome no errors, no - no restatement and a clear path forward during [indiscernible] ttheir year. Tamy Ctheyn And my follow up is, just going back to tthey premium strategy, Miguel, that you're talking about. I'm just wondering wtheyn we talk about ttheir, what is it specifically that you have your eye on that consumers are willing to pay up for? And you know what are your data analytics telling you because, I mean, every company are licensed producer sort of says a similar thing that is tthey high-THC, a lot of terpenes on tthey vaps, good quality hardware. No leakage. And its surely won't be tthey only one that can potentially succeed on ttheir. So I'm just trying to understand going forward wtheyn you're trying to push ttheir premium strategy, I mean, is ttheyre something more to it that sets up a more proprietary or defensible mode for you in ttheir segment? Miguel Martin  Yes. I mean, I think while first and foremost it's being done today right. Not everyone is just selling discount products. So, tthey environment, tthey consumer, tthey trade all have had an aptitude for premium products. Now tthey trade is an important one and it's one I've spent most of my career on. If you talk to tthey retailers and tthey provinces ttheyy want to sell more premium products. So ttheyre is finite space in tthey retail stores. Ttheyre is a finite delivery windows. So everyone sort of wants that. In terms of what we're going to do different, Aurora has a long theirtory in strong cultivation and you know a variety of ottheyr things that bring ttheyre. So wtheyn you look at tthey consumer cues of what ttheyy're willing to pay more for higtheyr potency, higtheyr terpenes, consistency, brand quality, strains some of that IP and genetics that you know we see those being positives with ottheyr companies and us in past iterations. So Wtheirtler for a long time has been a super-premium brand while tthey company has been able to sell everything it’s been able to make because of that strong organic nature. And so we’re going to do more with that and bring those SKUs into vapor. Now I'd be more than happy to spend a lot of time on all tthey reasons why someone is more willing to pay more for our super-premium, premium vapor experience. You can see it in packs. You can see it in non-THC products wtheyttheyr it's tthey technology, tthey materials tthey ecosystem tthey software those are all things that have a long theirtory with. On pre-rolls you see in California and Colorado tthey premiumness of tthey import, tthey paper, tthey packaging tthey branding I mean ttheyse are all sort of things you can do but it's being done today. I mean so if you look across tthey environment in Canada ttheyre are companies being successful both big and small with premium offerings and in all tthey core categories. I think tthey sort of stable brands we have, tthey quality and tthey consistency wtheyre we're going to be able to put out a really laser focus on tthey trade which I spent a lot of time on in a finite number of stores given wtheyre we were which was not a focus on those items, and a real push on daily specials and discount proposition. And tthey results we had I think you're going to see a big delta and we'll see. I mean take a look at tthey theyadset type data and I think you'll know quickly how we're doing. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Matt McGinley with Needham. You may proceed with your questions. Matt McGinley You took CAD135 million in inventory impairments in tthey fourth quarter but you’ve produced 34,000 kilograms in that quarter and you alluded to tthey fact that you expect inventory to continue to build for a number of quarters, I think you said it around 35,000 kilograms per quarter but you’re selling it in tthey fourth quarter under 17,000 kilogram. So I guess, ttheyre seems - still seem to be a disconnect between tthey inventory build and what tthey sales levels will be especially given tthey shift to premium product which presumably would mean it would be self-selling get a kilogram. So I guess, what causes you to reach equilibrium on tthey inventory and do you feel you’re any risk of taking additional impairments in tthey future given a such a disconnect between what you’re - what do you think is basically what you’re selling? Glen Ibbott A couple of things really impact that as we look forward. One, ttheyre is a note kind of that we may add in our press release may alluded to it in my remarks. And ttheyn, be more of course in tthey MD&A and financials. But we took a look at - we continue to understand tthey market better and better and we exclude tthey products that are in demand which need how much we need on hand. So a lot of tthey write-off at June 30th was - ttheyre was some older slower moving product from a number of quarters ago. But as tthey lot go was trim. And so, we took that down. And ttheyn we also took a look at tthey way we allocate our cost within our inventory. So we've changed tthey methodology to put a much theyavier waiting on flower and a much reduced waiting on trim. I mean that’s makes probably a lot of sense and I know one or two of our peers take anottheyr step and expect everybody will have to at some point. But what it does for us is a couple of things. In terms of volume, we do expect that with some of tthey execution and operational improvements that we’re in tthey midst of making that we should see traction across tthey categories that ttheyy use flower and don't misread tthey remark I think it’s not that we don't expect to continue to ship volumes of into a discount market. And so we just need a much more balanced portfolio. And I think as Miguel said, is maybe take a look at which pack sizes are delivering tthey most profit and things like that. But it's not that we exit that. We just need a balance in our portfolio. So, we still expect that to consume volume and quite honestly Miguel said, we didn't participate in category growth. I won't say that ttheir market is starting to get is getting plenty, big enough and our expectation and certainly what we’ve seen from market expectations is that it should continue to grow. So we think by simply just stepping up, executing better, and participating in market growth and maybe over participating in those categories we want to be, we should see an increase in tthey volumes consumed. But tthey ottheyr, just subtle point is that we won't be building up much in terms of dollar value on our balance ttheyyet related to trim because it's got a very low cost allocation now. Matt McGinley And tthey EBITDA guidance for tthey second quarter, you expect that to be positive. And I assume tthey SG&A doesn't have any big variance ttheyre but what gives you tthey confidence that tthey revenue or tthey gross margin is going to increase given that both of tthey current and tthey prior quarters, did you see trends improve in September or is ttheir kind of all on that comes tthey portfolio is repositioned in tthey year at fiscal second quarter. Glen Ibbott Yes. Well, let me start and ttheyn Miguel will I’m sure add some support to ttheir. So, Miguel arrived in tthey CTO chair beginning in July and ttheyn was promoted to CEO shortly ttheyreafter. He's tthey right guy with tthey right experience and certainly a track record of executing in exactly ttheir situation. So, we have to and we are in process as kind of just make arresting as - tthey decline is all over tthey last few months and getting back to tthey even kilo ttheyre. And ttheyn ttheyre is a number of initiatives - specific initiatives that are focused more on higtheyr [margin] solid. So let me call it - let me use tthey term [indiscernible] tthey future quality revenue. So as opposed to ttheir revenue quality revenue to me is that to deliver tthey theyalthy gross profit dollar as opposed to essentially just you know a gross margin percentage. I use tthey example of Wtheirtler and that's tthey extreme example wtheyre it delivers 10 times tthey gross profit dollars that tthey discount brand might but I look forward in putting dollars on tthey bottom line is not to sell more a large pack discount brand which delivers at some dollars but not a ton is to play in that category deliver real dollars to tthey gross profit line. So, tthey initiatives that we have underway are those. Ttheyy are tthey ones that deliver real gross profit dollars not just percentage. So that means quality theyalthy revenue and that's tthey focus. And that's tthey piece that needs to be we need traction ttheyre. And as Miguel said, you can watch tthey theyadset data or ottheyr markets data that you get and you should see us performing in those categories. And that’s a different revenue dollar than tthey stuff that tthey discount category delivers. All revenue dollars are not created equally and that's an important part of our reset and refocus on going forward. Miguel Martin  Yes. I mean I guess tthey only thing I'd add is, you see wtheyre tthey SG&A is going. You've theyard what tthey plans are. I mean I will still say I mean even wtheyn tthey amount of discount business tthey company did in tthey previous quarter to have tthey margins land wtheyre ttheyy landed, is a good indicator that ttheyre's upside ttheyre. And so you know tthey math isn't too complicated. I think our indication now is we execute tthey premium plan with ttheyse adjacent products, we should get what we need on that side of it. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, we have reactheyd tthey end of today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Miguel Martin for closing remarks. Miguel Martin Thank you so much. And I want to thank everybody for joining today's call. I'm honored to be a part of ttheir team and I really look forward to leading Aurora to success. I hope you and all your families are safe in ttheir world. We wish you all tthey best. Be good. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation. Have a great day.