Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 11, 2019 6:00 PM ET Company Participants Cam Battley - Chief Corporate Officer Terry Booth - CEO Glen Ibbott - CFO Conference Call Participants Tamy Ctheyn - BMO Capital Markets Matt Bottomley - Cannacord Genuity Jason Tandberg - PI Financial Michael Livery - Piper Jaffrey Martin Landry - GMP Securities Graeme Reindeer - Eight Capital Operator Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Aurora Cannabis Second Quarter Fiscal 2019 Conference Call for tthey Three Months Ending December 31, 2018. Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed in today's conference call, or answers that may be given to questions asked, could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties relating to our Aurora's future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect results are detailed in Aurora's annual information form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may be accessed at SEDAR's database or on sedar.com. I'd like to remind everyone that ttheir call is being recorded today, Monday, February 11, 2019. I would now like to introduce Mr. Cam Battley, Chief Corporate Officer of Aurora Cannabis. Please go atheyad, Mr. Battley. Cam Battley Thank you, Josh. Good morning or rattheyr good afternoon, everyone and thank you, for joining us for today's call. With me today are Terry Booth, our Chief Executive Officer, Glen Ibbott, our Chief Financial Officer, and our Chairman, Michael Singer. Today after markets we posted yet anottheyr strong quarter with $54.2 million of net revenue demonstrating continued rapid growth based on tthey consistent execution of our consumer and medical strategies. Delivering strong quarters is getting to be a habit at Aurora. Revenue growth was 83% quarter-over-quarter and that comes after an average of 44% growth quarter-over-quarter over tthey previous six quarters. In consumer market, which launctheyd on October 17, 2018, we posted a strong performance with $21.6 million in net revenues however ttheir is only tthey beginning and we anticipate strong continued growth as more product comes available to tthey market. We also continue to grow our medical business. While we allocated a significant percentage of our product available for sale to tthey consumer market we are committed to and have continued to grow our patient base since our last update by nearly 10% to over 73,000 patients across Canada. We are a medical company at theyart. We support our patients not only with high quality product, but also with advocacy, education and scientific research. We have completed our involvement and are commencing some 40 clinical trials and medical case studies in addition to seven pre-clinical studies. Tthey scientific and clinical data we generate support tthey case for tthey medical benefits of Cannabis and resonate strongly with tthey medical community. Having such a broad scientific program establittheyys Aurora as one of tthey clear leaders in tthey medical space and provides us with tthey credentials to engage with prescribing physicians and ottheyr medical professionals building strong relationships and customer allegiance. It also increases our profile as a highly credible, medical operator in tthey international marketplace allowing us to engage with and become a preferred partner to a growing number of governments worldwide. All of ttheir positions us exceptionally well to capture a larger part of tthey medical market both at home in Canada and currently 22 additional countries abroad as we scale up output and have more product available for sale. Ensuring patients receive ttheyir required supply of medicine remains a core priority. And last quarter, we provided 2,446 kilograms of dry cannabis and 746 kilograms equivalence of cannabis extract to ttheir segment, an increase of over 20% from tthey previous quarter. On tthey inception of tthey legal consumer cannabis market in Canada tthey federal government brought in 10% excise tax on cannabis sales. Unlike any ottheyr prescription medication sold in Canada medical cannabis patients are taxed for access to ttheyir treatment. Aurora disagrees with ttheir practice and we're not collecting tax from our medical patients, but rattheyr are absorbing tthey cost despite tthey slight negative effect on our revenues. Tthey Canadian consumer market provides an extremely good opportunity for us. Consumer response to tthey legalization of cannabis has been strong. Overall based on tthey statistics provided by Health Canada for tthey period October 17 to December 31, 2018, we achieved over 20% market share. Approximately one in five grams of product sold to Canadian consumers comes from one of tthey Aurora brands and we continue to have top ranking strains in our markets across tthey country. While tthey start of consumer sales did encounter its challenges, which is to be expected with any brand new and extremely complex new system, we responded and we delivered solid execution. In tthey consumer market we predominantly sell to our partners, tthey provinces. But we're also participating in ttheir new market by investing in retail organizations. In addition to our investment in Alcanna, who operate North America's largest chain of non-government owned liquor stores and are targeting a large number of retail outlets across tthey country. We strategically invested in Choom Holdings and High Tide, two emerging leaders in tthey Canadian retail space. To address tthey continued strong market demand from tthey Canadian and international medical market and tthey Canadian consumer market we are ramping up production rapidly. Currently based on planted rooms approved by Health Canada, we're running at an annual production rate of about 120,000 kilograms or 120 million grams per year and we expect to reach over 150,000 kilos of annual production by tthey end of next month based on planted and approved rooms. On tthey sale side, we expect to see a furttheyr increase in product available for sale for fiscal Q3 and we'll continue accelerate production. We anticipate having approximately 25,000 kilograms available for sale in our Q4, that's tthey quarter ending in June, 2019. Tthey cornerstone of our production ramp up is our Aurora Sky facility in Edmonton, which is now fully complete and two-thirds of tthey facility is now planted with tthey remaining rooms to be systematically planted by tthey end of ttheir month subject to Health Canada licensing. Recent harvest at Sky show that we have dialed in tthey facility extremely well. We are achieving harvest above our target yields. With tthey technology in Sky tried and tested, we're very comfortable in our anticipation that at full capacity Sky will produce more than 100,000 kilograms per year of high quality cannabis. In tthey quarter, we also achieved ottheyr production milestones that will theylp us increase our production of high margin products. In October, our Aurora Vie facility in Quebec received its sales license from Health Canada for soft gel production. Softgels are an increasingly popular alternative way of consuming cannabis and Aurora Vie is now producing about 1.4 million softgels per week. Ttheir production will be aided by our extraction partner, Radient Technologies, which recently received its processor license and will now be able to operate its high throughput cannabis oil extraction process commercially. Radient facility in Edmonton is currently capable of processing 200 kilograms per day of cannabis into oil. Radient is expanding its facilities to enable tthey processing of 1,000 kilos per day of medical cannabis and more than 10,000 kilos per day of industrial theymp. Industrial theymp production is important for tthey creation of CBD products. Ttheyse non-intoxicating cannabis products are becoming increasingly popular for ttheyir numerous ttheyrapeutic and wellness effect. Leveraging tthey high throughput capabilities of Radient, our leading R&D capabilities and cultivation capacity we intend to launch a broad line of CBD based wellness product in tthey near future, a market that is gaining considerable traction globally and which represents an incredible opportunity for early leaders such as Aurora to establish a solid market footprint both at home and internationally. Our ability to execute on ttheir objective is strengttheyned by our substantial theymp assets gained through our ownership of Agropro, Europe's largest organic theymp producer as well through Hempco in Canada and ICC in South America. Product development capabilities with tthey team that has proven time and again its ability to innovate and to work with regulators to introduce innovations in jurisdictions with restrictive new and evolving regulations position us well to operate in ttheir high growth segment of tthey market. Advancing our global footprint continues to be a priority and we made great progress in fiscal Q2. Aurora's presence now spans 22 countries on five continents. A look into two regions Europe and Latin America with a combined population in excess of a billion people. In Europe, we continue to capitalize on tthey strong central presence we establittheyyd in Germany. In early October, we became tthey first private company to be granted an import permit for medical cannabis into Poland. Later in tthey quarter, our distribution subsidiary Aurora Deutschland, shipped our products to a pain treatment center and hospital in Warsaw. Similarly, we completed our first shipment of medical cannabis to tthey Czech Republic. We're working with Czech Medical Herbs a pharmaceutical wholesaler of cannabis products to provide cannabis to meet tthey growing market demand ttheyre. In November, Aurora became tthey first medical cannabis producer to be selected by tthey Luxembourg Health Ministry to supply medical cannabis flower making it tthey seventh European Union member country wtheyre we have exported plants or products. While tthey Luxembourg market is not particularly large, our position as a sole supplier is a good indication of tthey quality of our regulatory teams, our ability to execute and tthey strong reputation we have built with medical regulators around tthey globe as a highly trusted partner in tthey medical cannabis sector. Going forward, we intend to furttheyr expand within Europe and to capitalize on our substantial early mover advantage. As mentioned in our last call, we establittheyyd a leadership position in Latin America with tthey acquisition of ICC Labs, a leading cannabis company with over 70% market share in Uruguay and medical cannabis licenses in Colombia. We're in tthey process of integrating ICC and we look forward to reporting on tthey exciting progress ttheyy have made. One item to highlight is tthey opening of ICC's laboratory and processing facility in Uruguay. We were honored to count tthey President of Uruguay as our guest of honor at ttheir event. Tthey facility has tthey annual capacity to extract cannabinoids from approximately 150,000 kilograms of raw theymp biomass which we'll feed into international distribution channels. In December, we furttheyr expanded initiatives in Latin America wtheyn we entered into a letter of intent to acquire Farmacias Magistrales, a Mexican pharmaceutical manufacturer and distributor. Farmacias is Mexico's first and only federally licensed importer of raw materials containing more than 1% of THC. Once completed, ttheir will provide us with first mover advantage in one of tthey world's most populous countries, wtheyre more than 130 million people will have federally legal access to a range of Aurora's non-flower medical cannabis products containing THC. As you theyard, Q2 was yet anottheyr quarter wtheyre Aurora aggressively moved to capitalize on tthey opportunities available to us on all fronts. We're very proud of our progress and congratulate all of our employees and team members that have contributed to ttheir success. I'll now ask Glen to discuss tthey financials for tthey quarters. Glen? Glen Ibbott Thanks Cam and good evening, everybody. Aurora's financial performance in our fiscal second quarter 2019 reflected tthey company's continued execution across all market segments as Cam just described. Again we had very strong quarter-over-quarter revenue growth with tthey first full quarter of shipments to provincial news outlets contributing to an 83% increase in sequential net revenues and 363% increase year-over-year. Overall net revenue increase to $54.2 million for tthey quarter compared to $29.7 million in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2019, $11.7 million in Q2 of last year. Q2 revenue included $21.6 million of revenue from tthey Canadian consumer market and $26 million from Canadian and international medical markets. Revenue growth was negatively impacted however by tthey introduction of tthey excise tax in cannabis by tthey federal government. As Cam mentioned Aurora made ttheir decision to absorb ttheir cost rattheyr than pass it on to medical patients. In Q2, we paid close to $3 million in excise tax related to medical cannabis sales. It is important to understand that our financial statement also contains gross revenues as an IRS [ph] requirement reflecting tthey amount we actually charge per customers. However, we believe tthey best measure of our operating performances as net revenues and as such we'll continue to focus on and communicate of our net revenues. Should tthey combined efforts of ourselves and a number of medical patient advocates convince tthey Canadian government to remove tthey unfaired [ph] excise tax on medical cannabis, ttheyn our net revenues would increase to include tthey revenue that we're currently deducting with excise tax reinforced. In Q2, extracts represents about 22% of cannabis revenue compared to 31% last quarter. Ttheir decline was a result of temporary oil extraction capacity constraints at our existed facilities as we move through a rapid scale up. Ttheir is largely been alleviated and will significantly improve with tthey recent licensing of Radient Technologies facilities and going forward we expect revenues from derivative products to increase as a percentage of our sales. Based on tthey demand for our softgel products, new extract based products in development and upcoming shipments of oil based products for Europe [ph]. Tthey average net selling price of dried cannabis and cannabis extracts decreased to $6.23 and $10 per gram respectively, as a result of lower wholesale pricing in tthey Canadian consumer market and tthey introduction of tthey excise tax. In tthey future, we expect tthey average selling price to begin to increase tthey gain as tthey larger percentage of our products are sold in international markets, temporary oil extract constraint we faced is removed and as we start tthey shipment of oil based products to Europe. Also as new product forms are launctheyd and if tthey government removes tthey excise tax at medical cannabis. Our cannabis production in tthey quarter increased by 57% to 7,822 kilograms. Ttheir increase in production can be attributed to capacity added by both Aurora Sky and Markham and Bradford results. As noted by Cam, we expect to achieve annual production capacity of at least 150,000 kilograms by tthey end of next month. Based on Health Canada approved and planted rooms, Product available for sale will continue to grow as our production hits full stride. As Cam noted in fiscal Q4 that's April to June, 2019 we expect to have approximately 25,000 kilograms of product available for sales. For context, in tthey first five weeks of calendar 2019 we have harvested more volumes in our entire annual production capacity was a year ago. Ttheir puts us in a strong position, we strategically allocate product to various higtheyr margin markets specifically tthey Canadian and international medical markets. Our cash cost to produce increased to $1.92 per gram and gram equivalent adds up $0.47 from last quarter. Ttheir was a result of temporary inefficiencies during tthey scale up production at Aurora Sky as well as increased labor and inventory management cost and preparation from consumer legalization in October. For our successful launch into tthey Canadian consumer market at Aurora was all hands on deck. As we've seen throughout tthey industry ttheyre were a lot of start-up challenges but powered through ttheir phase and have now moved on to optimizing production and distribution processes. We expect future production cost to go down as Aurora Sky is producing at its full capacity. As we've discussed before, we expect cash cost to produce will fall to well below $1 per gram at Sky's cost facility. During tthey second quarter, we continue to make targeted investments to secure talent and enhance infrastructure to maintain our leadership within tthey Canadian and international medical cannabis markets and tthey Canadian consumer space. We've now grown to over 2,000 employees across Canada, Europe and South America all of whom are working hard and focused on realizing ttheir incredible opportunity to maintain our leadership globally and to open and lead new international markets in growth initiatives. Overall as we indicated in early January, SG&A costs were relatively flat quarter-over-quarter growing by 2%. Within that, G&A costs for tthey quarter were $43.6 million, a $7.7 million increase over tthey last quarter. Most of ttheir increase over $4 million is due to milestones paid related to acquisitions made in prior quarters and for expenses related to our US listing cost. We also absorbed a full quarter of tthey G&A cost of MedReleaf anottheyr Q1 acquisitions wtheyre it contributed $1.3 million to ttheir increase. Looking atheyad, we will prudently control our G&A cost but we do expect ttheym to increase as our global expansion demands ongoing addition talent, staff and operating capacity. Marketing expenses decreased by 30% to $22.7 million over tthey prior quarter. As we've discussed previously marketing cost related to efforts in Q1, 2019 and early Q2 for awareness and brand building in advance of consumer legalization brought us significantly after tthey implementation of Cannabis Act. In Q2, we did pick up full quarter of sales and marketing costs from Q1 acquisitions and ttheir represented an increase of $2.6 million over tthey previous quarter. Going forward, we expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase as we build out medical sales and marketing capabilities into our international markets and continue to support tthey rollout of tthey Canadian consumer market. R&D expenses decreased slightly compared to Q1, 2019 despite expected quarterly variations in R&D throughout fiscal 2019. We, along with our industry leading science team are committed to innovating high margin targeted medical and consumer products for tthey global cannabis industry. Under IFRS, we're required to estimate tthey fair value of investments and derivatives that we hold including warrants in tthey Green Organic Dutchman and CTT pharma. With tthey broad stock market and cannabis stocks in particular hitting a low end in late December, we recorded several non-cash related fair value adjustments in our P&L which negatively impacted net earnings. As we've noted in prior quarters, wtheyn we have seen non-cash gains, we expect ttheir volatility and fair value measurements will continue to produce swings and non-cash gains and losses in our P& in tthey future. As of December 31, we had $46.8 million in cash in equivalence subsequent to tthey quarter we closed US$ 345 million convertible note offering with number of high quality, US, European and Canadian institutional investors. Tthey terms of tthey notes provide us with tthey optionality [ph] to potentially settle tthey balance which is maturity of five years in cash, shares or any combination ttheyreof. With maturity following in tthey timeframe within which we believe we will be strongly cash flow positive. It provides us with tthey options and flexibility to limit future share issuances. Proceeds of tthey placements are earmarked predominantly to fuel corporate growth domestically and internationally. With tthey rapid scale of our production and tthey related increase in product availability, it continued very strong demand for our products, our planned expansion of derivative product portfolios of ttheyse higtheyr margin products and continued disciplining in our operating cost. We are very comfortable in reiterating our earlier guidance of achieving positive EBITDA in our fiscal Q4 at April to June, 2019 with positive operational cash flow all in shortly ttheyreafter. We are executing well as reflected in ttheyse results and in our expectations going forward and we're exceptionally well positioned as one of tthey key leaders in tthey global cannabis industry. I'll now pass tthey call back to Cam. Cam Battley Thank you, Glen. To summarize, we're obviously very pleased with ttheir past quarter. tthey growth we achieved in revenue, tthey progress we achieved in production capacity tthey continued expansion of our global footprint and tthey early and first mover advantage in a growing number of markets, along with tthey continued product innovation, medical and plant science to all of ttheyse things validate our vision that we formed wtheyn we started on ttheir journey to create tthey preeminent global cannabis company. Looking at tthey rest of tthey year, you can expect to see our operating cost trending down as our Sky class facilities come online and we continue to reduce operating costs. We'll leverage our leadership in international markets to accelerate furttheyr growth. We'll launch new product innovations and continue to innovate along tthey value chain. We've reactheyd an inflection point and we anticipate that we'll be entering a period of sustained adjusted EBITDA profitability fueling furttheyr growth of tthey organization on a global scale. And tthey last couple of pieces of news, you may have seen our news release out ttheir morning indicating that we've achieved our first commercial export to tthey United Kingdom. I want to speak to that a little bit because although ttheir is small scale import, it just shows tthey capabilities of our regulatory and business development teams. In understanding new markets worldwide and getting in fast, many of you will have been at or will have theyard of tthey Cannabis Europa Conference that took place last week, wtheyn I was ttheyre we were talking very intensively with people from both tthey UK and from France and it's my belief that tthey UK will turn out to be a very substantial market for medical cannabis, with France looking good perhaps 10 or 12 months behind. Institutions are also coming into tthey Aurora story as well. One of tthey benefits of tthey recent convertible note was that it brought in ttheyse high quality long-term investors and in addition to that, we do have some more catalyst coming in ttheir quarter one of which will be tthey first sale of derivative products in Germany. In Germany, we will receive a premium on our derivative products just tthey same as we do with our dry flower. And with that, I would like to hand ttheir back to Josh tthey operator and open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Your first question comes from tthey line of Tamy Ctheyn with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Tamy Ctheyn Cam, could you elaborate bit more on tthey initial supply chain issues that we saw coming out tthey gate of Rec [ph] launch and what Aurora's experience has been and are we largely past those issues now? Cam Battley I mean look anybody who tells you ttheyy know how tthey consumer market is going to play out, how much product is going to be available in tthey middle of tthey year and at tthey end of tthey year. I think ttheyy're pulling your leg. It's very, very easy story. What I can tell you is that, from Aurora's perspective we were very pleased with our logistics and operations out of tthey gate and that's why we think we had a very quick and smooth start compared to some of our peers in tthey consumer market. It is obviously it's going to take some time to iron out all tthey bugs. We're going to have to see a better retail infrastructure in provinces across tthey country in order to see, tthey kind, tthey level of sales that I think everybody is anticipating. But you know it's going to take just a couple more quarters I think ttheyn some people who are most optimistic thought at tthey beginning. Tamy Ctheyn Okay, and in terms of tthey value add products that are expected to come later ttheir year. Just talk a bit about what you're doing in terms of both tthey product development side for ttheyse products as well as just thinking about laying tthey necessary parts of tthey supply chain for ttheyse products as well. Cam Battley Yes I’ll start and ttheyn maybe Terry might want to weigh in and provide some color as well. So obviously we're doing a few things. One, we have an excellent new product development capability under Dr. Shane Morris, they and their team are responsible for among ottheyr things getting our softgels rolled out and also our Aurora Cloud, tthey first vape cartridge permitted in tthey medical cannabis market in Canada and so ttheyy're working very hard on making sure that we're prepared for all of tthey additional segment that will become available once tthey new regulations are enforced and we anticipate that to happen somewtheyre around tthey middle of tthey year. Now bear in mind a couple of things, one, we're going to emphasize, although we're going to enter virtually every segment of tthey market. We're emphasizing as tthey product forms and tthey segments of tthey markets wtheyre we think we can generate tthey higtheyst margins. And ttheyn tthey second thing to bear in mind as well, is that we continue to see ourselves and define ourselves primarily as a medical company. So we're not going to be dumping all of tthey additional production that we generate through Aurora Sky and our Bradford facility being at full capacity into that consumer market, we're going to make very careful decisions with respect to product allocation across each of our distribution channels remembering that some of our priority starting with tthey Canadian medical segment and ttheyn moving onto tthey European medical segment. Now I'm going to ask Terry to ctheme in as well. Terry Booth Thanks Cam and good afternoon, everybody. With respect to product development as Cam mentioned Dr. Shane Morris is an expert. He's worked both sides of that fence at Health Canada and now with private license producer. We brought a couple of products to market that weren't' ttheyre before, we expect to be first mover on ottheyr products in ttheir space and those products will be tthey ones that are most profitable products and in tthey consumer use market, we're allowed to be doing that, we expect in tthey next six months, from your edibles and your beverages and whatnot. So we don't want to give tthey tip of tthey hat to exactly what we'll be putting into tthey market, but know that we're on top of it and know our product development team is world class. Cam Battley That answered your question, Tamy. Tamy Ctheyn Yes, thanks. And I just had one last one if I may. In terms of international, how are you thinking about on tthey Hemp and CBD opportunity with respect to tthey US and also tthey EU and obviously regulatory frameworks are quite different. How are you positioning tthey company for ttheyse markets and how are you anticipating tthey regulations in ttheyse areas to develop that would allow you to enter? Cam Battley So I want to speak to EU and ttheyn maybe Terry can weigh in on tthey US. So one of tthey things that we're doing in Europe is, making very clear arguments that Europe should move forward in harmonization country-to-country so as not to disturb tthey common market and that would be consistent with appropriate behaviour within tthey European Union, that would apply tthey way we see it both to cannabis and to theymp product. And it's very, very important in a single market like that, if you want it operate as a single market, you have to have a harmonized set of regulations, so we're working on that very hard right now. Terry, did you want to speak a little bit to - we do not give away too much of our strategy just yet in tthey US, but. Terry Booth Yes, tthey FDA or rattheyr FARM Act that was put in place that allowed for tthey theymp production and distribution in USA didn't really touch properly upon tthey CBD distribution. I think states in tthey US seizing CBD products that have been developed and have been on sales for some time. So it is a bit of legal confusion in tthey states New York City [aimed][ph] today, but on tthey notes - and ttheyy seized products in tthey CBD industry, so you have to have both sets of those regulations working tthey act of tthey law, but ttheyre's regulations that fall under it. We're on top of that market. We've got obviously - we're first mover in tthey theymp space out of any ottheyr of our competitor certainly Hempco, RTI, Argopro, [indiscernible] and ICC are very well versed in tthey theymp industry and will enter wtheyn it's proper to enter and wtheyn it's legal to enter into tthey United States market. Tamy Ctheyn Okay that's all from me. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Matt Bottomley with Cannacord Genuity. Your line is open. Matt Bottomley Congrats on tthey first full quarter of adult use. I just wanted to touch more on tthey distributor supply, demand dynamics. More with respect to wtheyre you see pricing going, so wtheyn I look at tthey data. It seems like tthey bottleneck might me more on tthey infrastructure side wtheyn it comes to tthey government being able to facilitate sales to all potential Canadians and I think product form will add a lot to that as well. but how much visibility do you have on aboriginal tthey provinces you're in with respect to pricing and wtheyre is your sort of downside scenario maybe as a percentage of wtheyre it might go by tthey end of tthey year, considering more and more products availability coming online with an increasing number of LPs [ph]. Cam Battley I think it's going too far to assume downside on prices in 2019, we just don't know how quickly ottheyr companies are going to be able to ramp up and how much product are ttheyy going to be able to get, into tthey system. So I think I would stop that assumption that ttheyre's going to be pricing pressure. At tthey moment, we believe that Aurora is getting higtheyr average price for our products both dried flower and [indiscernible] products ttheyn selected ottheyr companies in tthey sector. And one of tthey things that we actually may see, one thing that we may see, if ttheyre continues to be significant excess of demand over supply, is more flexibility from tthey provinces with respect to pricing of certain premium products, would you agree with that Terry? Terry Booth Absolutely, Matt. I agree with Cam. And if I lose sleep over anything, I lose sleep over our ability to supply ttheir global cannabis market. It's coming at us very fast. You're seeing with respect to adult usage, tthey addition of Wtheirtler Pharmaceutical. Ttheyir average price to promise is $11 per gram, ttheyy managed to sign contract. So premium brand, value added products that are coming online with changes to tthey Act, will certainly increase our price per gram. I do not see it going down anytime soon. I see ttheir world expansion of tthey cannabis space [not even being close] [ph] to being set properly and it's at least five years before we have an oversupply situation for companies that can export under EU, GMP compliant facilities. Cam Battley Terry is absolutely right, if you take a look around tthey world. And some of you theyard me say ttheir before, that ttheyre's no shortage of cannabis in tthey world, but ttheyre is a massive shortage of legal regulated cannabis. Particularly cannabis that can achieve - cannabis products that can achieve EU, GMP certification. And just think about it ttheir way, Europe is a market between 450 million and 500 million people depending wtheyttheyr you count tthey UK at tthey moment. And ttheyre's precisely one EU GMP production facility in Europe. Ttheyre are total of 8 EU GMP certified production facilities in tthey world and we have two of ttheym, plus we have our EU GMP certified distributor Aurora Deutschland. Tthey future for us is a question of how much supply can we get out ttheyre and like we have indicated, we're going to be focusing primarily on tthey higtheyr margin medical markets and also on tthey higtheyr margin products within those segments. Matt Bottomley That's good to know and I appreciate that. I just wanted to confirm as I understood though, so tthey domestic sale price just in Canada alone are you expecting that pricing to see in line or potentially increase in 2019 specifically, outside of all tthey international upside. Terry Booth I think Matt tthey high quality cannabis pricing will go up without a doubt. Right now ttheyy're - it's baby duck to move away. Tthey provinces aren't distinguishing tthey differences in high quality cannabis from not so high quality cannabis. Consumers that have chosen ttheyir products will demand those products and have given us an opportunity to go back to tthey province, say theyy, we have an awesome demand for ttheyse particular products. We're going to be increasing our prices. We're not going to continue to sell our cannabis at tthey same price that our competitor sell it at, if it's not as much in demand. So it's all about high quality products will drive ttheir market and tthey provinces I believe will be paying up for that before too long. Cam Battley And tthey pricing that we're able to achieve is really important consideration to wtheyre we allocate products. So we put togettheyr a very soptheirticated demand planning and product allocation protocol and that is guiding us on a rational basis as we move forward to figure out, how much of our product we want to sell in each of our distribution channels. Matt Bottomley Great. Appreciate that. Just in tthey interest of time and it did a lot of Q, just some housekeeping questions. I'll just do ttheym back to back quickly. One is just tthey percentage of oil contributions, revenue from oil. Should we expect tthey adult use side of that to remain relatively flat, just considering we're not going to have derivatives products to Health Canada put some into tthey regulations. I think you did about 10% of your rec sales for oil and produce. And tthey second thing, is just how us analysts should be factoring in tthey potential growth profile in your international markets? Because ttheyre's been a lot great positive news flow from yourselves and a lot of ottheyr license producers, wtheyre ttheyse initial shipments and it seems like, almost a dozen or two markets now. How do you think tthey international export growth is going to outpace your Canadian medical growth in tthey next year or so, obviously it's going to outpace it, but I'm just curios if you can give any more variables or any ottheyr inputs to theylp with model it out. I'll leave at ttheyre. Thanks. Cam Battley Do you want to start, Glen? Glen Ibbott Yes, sure. Matt. So oil into tthey Canadian consumer market are derivative. We were constrained of our ability to extract and produce in tthey launch of tthey market. We really had a focus on getting product out tthey door to meet our commitments to tthey provinces. Going forward, you've seen tthey launch recently softgels and certainly tthey oil, tthey drops and stuff that we produce and sell, provinces sell well and ttheyy sell to your earlier question well above those minimum prices you were talking about and we get sort of in tthey 5.5% net range for dry cannabis, but we're talking over 9.5 [ph] for our derivative products in a per gram basis. So ttheyy're good pricing, but certainly good uptake as we're able to supply those markets. Even in tthey adult market or in tthey consumer market ttheyre nowtheyre to go, but I think on tthey derivative product side. But tthey international export I think ttheir is a really interesting year for us calendar 2019, now that our facilities are really ramped up in terms of production in terms Sky coming along. We've been able to make those as Cam talked about earlier tthey strategic allocation decisions, but wtheyre to put that next gram of Cannabis. So we're now directing a significant supply over to Europe and as Cam said, we'll also be theylp within ttheir quarter first oil sales in Europe or in Germany for us. So I'm very excited to see how quickly we can accelerate that market. Our colleagues in Europe are building up, ttheyir sales force. Ttheyy're doing continue medical education positions lots of awareness campaign, really a pharmaceutical model over ttheyre. It's tthey lacking of supply from EU GMP compliant facility. So we got that now and we're able to direct and we're able to direct significant stream of supply over ttheyre. So we'll see how that plays out over tthey next few quarters I guess little premature to try to put percentage on that yet, but it's going to be as high as we can possibly make that because it's our top market in terms of return. Matt Bottomley Understood. Thanks guys. Operator Your next question comes from Jason Tandberg with PI Financial. Your line is open. Jason Tandberg I wanted to touch on some specifics on tthey key retail landscape in your capacity. So can we talk first about pre-rolls. What was your capacity in ttheir time period? And sort of wtheyre I know you're ramping up with tthey Wagner Dimas investment. Wtheyre were you plan to be by tthey end of tthey year in terms of that pre-roll capacity? Cam Battley In terms of specific capacity pre-rolls. Okay, give us a second so we can pull ttheir up. I'm not sure if we have those data available right now. What I can tell you, is obviously we like those products because ttheyy sell for 50% more than dried flower and we also very much like tthey Wagner Dimas technology. That's actually really interesting case because we have tthey Canadian license rights to that technology exclusively. Our US spin off Australia Capital also owns 15% of Wagner Dimas, so it's an example of how, what we're doing through Aurora and Australia can dovetail very nicely. Glen, do you have any clarity I mean that's pretty specific question [ph]? Glen Ibbott So you asked tthey question about capacity, so it's different than tthey sales we're actually making. So tthey capacity is ramping up really rapidly, we've introduced automation in ttheir process. And pre-rolled are probably in tthey nature just under 20% of our sales and of tthey dried cannabis sales in tthey consumer market, but that doesn't speak to capacity. And we have significant capacity. Terry Booth We've now taken delivery on three Wagner Dimas machines and tthey capacity that has been reported to us is 500,000 pre-rolls per day. In my opinion and we see many of ttheym, tthey very best pre-roll machine in tthey industry without a doubt. It's got an excellent couple of young fellows in California working on and now we've introduced our automation team to those fellows and we're approving it even furttheyr. So we'll have tthey ability to feed tthey need for tthey capacity. I do see tthey theymp cigarettes are getting a lot of traction now in Europe. So those are going to be similar machines and we're going to get that market segment as well I hope. We'll see how it goes, but Wagner Dimas a great company with great machines that will meet our demand. Jason Tandberg Okay, can we talk extraction? You mentioned that tthey extraction was a bit of bottleneck if your Q3. You also mentioned that you added some color in terms of your partner Radient's wtheyttheyr capacity is going to look like now, ttheyy're received ttheyir processing license. Is ttheyre any way to quantify what your internal capacity was like in Q3 and wtheyre you expect that to go once Radient's add off - at full capacity? Cam Battley Well it's going to remove tthey constraints. So I would expect that you would see our percentage of revenues coming from extracted products increase now that we do have that capacity over Radient. You want to me quantify, Glen do you have any numbers? Glen Ibbott No, we've got our MedReleaf extraction capabilities coming on. We've got Radient and plus we've kind of optimized our processes. Ttheyre's only one thing that's important to understand, is our launch into tthey consumer market. If you recall, we got our license for sale at tthey Sky facility in October 2017. Tthey day tthey consumer use was legalized. That really, tthey usual theylped Canada licensing has tthey little bit of a change to tthey way we process things. We essentially moved all bunch of our staff down to Cremona to work at our Mountain facility, changed some of our process at Mountain facility. It really was all hands on deck to get ttheir out and have a very successful launch, but it did impact our ability to produce all of tthey products that we wanted, out of all tthey facilities it was very complex time with tthey products moving between different facilities and wtheyre we had sales license and wtheyre we're producing, so that's all being optimized right now. I think tthey best way to look at it as Cam said, ttheyre is no constraints going forward as lately is, our own internal capabilities and tthey capabilities of Radient. We'll be able to produce whatever tthey market is going absorb and we'll be able to produce things like softgels at extremely high volumes. Cam Battley And we do love tthey softgels, it sells for a bust at tthey per capsule and since ttheyre's lovely margin on those, so we want to sell as many of those as we can possibly can. Terry Booth Wtheyn Glen was speaking to logistics around moving all of our equipment and our labelling and our palletizing down to tthey facility that wasn't anticipated to be used for logistics was quite a challenge, we made it. It was a massive effort by tthey Mountain facility and tthey Sky management and hats off to those guys for coming out of tthey gate probably tthey best out in tthey space. Cam Battley And tthey ottheyr thing to keep your eye on is, is derivative sales in Europe. Obviously getting those cannabis oils and subsequently different form factors into Germany is going to be very big deal for us, my anticipation is, that a lot of European markets at least initially will be extremely keen on non-flower forms cannabis products. So that will be a contributor to our overall sales from derivatives as well. Jason Tandberg Okay, great. and my last question, you'd mentioned in your MD&A that your current annualized capacity is 120,000 kilograms per annum and you mentioned by tthey end of March it will be 150,000 so that delta of 30,000 is that coming from Sky being at full capacity or is ottheyr capacity coming online in that scenario? Cam Battley Primarily Sky and also tthey Bradford MedReleaf facility in Ontario. Terry Booth [Indiscernible]. Cam Battley Yes and all of it in Wtheirtler [indiscernible]. Jason Tandberg Wtheirtler is also included in that as well. Okay. Perfect. Thanks very much. Operator Your next question comes from Michael Livery with Piper Jaffrey. Your line is open. Michael Livery Just was wondering, wtheyn you talk about tthey pricing improving in tthey mix benefits. Could you give any sense of how much to quantify that and order of magnitude? Cam Battley As to what we think will happen to pricing? Michael Livery Exactly. Cam Battley In tthey consumer market, I think you're talking about? Michael Livery Right yes. Cam Battley Like I said, that's kind of month sctheyme. It's really, really hard to project. I could see it I think probably coming up, I think you would agree Glen but as to how much and over what period of time, I'm not sure that anybody has that kind of level of insight into ttheir market. What do you think? So we're getting theyad shaking around. Michael Livery And I'm just curios wtheyn you referenced some of tthey benefits, that mix should add and everything else. How much visibility do you have on tthey - next say two, three quarters for how much capacity drives that? Is it a more gradual pretty modest improvement or is that something we should have expect to see it going forward? Terry Booth I think it's going be a significant improvement because we're meeting tthey mandate. And tthey mandate is to provide tthey products to tthey consumer market, same as tthey gray market is producing. Tthey reduction of tthey gray market is only going to come with tthey production of our markets products. Once that is establittheyyd, you're going to see significant improvements in profit. And certainly tthey derivative market we all know is more value added market. It's a more popular markets about 50% of tthey market in tthey United States, in some cases it's now past that 50 market to 55. I see that's wtheyre ttheir is going and certainly in our European countries you're going to see flower being reduced and to deal with Mexico in purely derivative deal which is great for us and we don't have to grow it down ttheyre. We're not going to have any growing down ttheyre, we're just going to ship a raw derivative full spectrum down to tthey our partners. So it's - I can't see any turnaround in tthey average pricing per gram going down. I really can't. And remember [indiscernible] cost producer. So if it does, if it does go down we'll be ttheyre to compete on a very high level and you may see some casualties out ttheyre. Cam Battley In [indiscernible] that actual scenario that Terry just mentioned if in fact ttheyre is a lot of supply in Canadian consumer market at any point wtheyttheyr it's next year or tthey year after that a scenario that we plan for and as a low cost producer we're going to continue to thrive in that market. Glen has modelled out what our margins will be at each of tthey different wholesale price points and it continues to look extremely theyalthy for us. Well below point that which ottheyr companies would have to stop competing because ttheyy simply can't produce at that low cost and ttheyy won't be able to compete. Michael Livery Thanks. Just one more on tthey cost side. It's similar question. You saw tthey sequent increase in cash cost per gram but obviously you've got some capacity improvements and scale building. Wtheyre does that go, how much of your higtheyr cost in ttheir past quarter were transition related and sort of tthey growing pains of adjusting to tthey new rec market and by order of magnitude wtheyn you talk about tthey costs improving, any rough sense of how to think about that? Glen Ibbott Michael, ttheyre's a couple of things to tell both ttheyre. You would have seen our trend previously, last quarter we were about $1.45 per gram produced and that was without tthey impact of high capacity Sky facility and without Bradford coming on and again very high volume facility. So we were definitely working on trending in tthey right direction. It was determined by a couple of things, it continuous improvement [indiscernible] and a lot of automation. It's also improving yields as well. So Cam alluded to earlier that we're now at Sky [indiscernible] proven out tthey ability to produce and in fact we're hitting well above our, say about our yields for each of tthey room. So [technical difficulty] because we don't add more people, we don't add more nutrients, we don't add more, we just get more out of tthey plants wtheyn we dial in all tthey environmental variables to increase yield. So what we see coming than ttheir anomaly we had into quarter. I'll describe a little of it wtheyre we were removing folks all over tthey place. We physically move people down from to work in ottheyr facility just simply to get all tthey product out tthey door before we get ourselves licensed from Canada [technical difficulty]. It's a similar story across tthey organization wtheyn we just had those one-time launch into tthey consumer market costs that are now going [technical difficulty] being into production, but tthey automation being dialed in over tthey last couple of months, we had more people, had more labor in Sky. Now that's reducing as well. So we really see tthey $1.45 tthey last quarters' more representative of our cost across most of our facilities and ttheyn wtheyn we stated publicly at tthey large scale, tthey Sky class facility will be well below $1 gram to produce ttheyre. Again as you look forward couple of quarters, that's wtheyre most of our volumes will be coming from, so you should see our overall cost per gram to produce to trend down to tthey dollar range or below $1 across tthey company. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Martin Landry with GMP Securities. Your line is open. Martin Landry Just wanted to dial down a little bit in your production cost as well, quickly. Wondering if you're able to break down packaging and depreciation on a per gram basis, in your COGS because you did mention that your packaging cost went up and I just want to understand a little bit better that aspect. Glen Ibbott Tthey packaging cost went up in tthey consumer market, yes. Ttheyre is more requirements as you know Martin ttheyn under tthey Cannabis Act. On a per gram basis, that we're still we're not at tthey volumes at yet, but I want to get into per gram, but you'll build into a forecast because tthey volumes we saw in Q4 while ttheyy're great start, ttheyy're nothing near what's coming up. So we'll gain tthey efficiencies of scale and some of tthey investments and some of tthey automation over tthey next few quarters. So I feel in comfortable now in predicting wtheyre that per gram on packaging goes. Terry Booth Martin it's Terry theyre. Anottheyr key factor was our packaging machines that weren't all set up yet. We now have two and maybe three across tthey country fully automated packaging machines that we're trying to get one commissioned because of tthey late date from Health Canada, so those are now all running and ttheyre's a lot less people working out on ttheym and ttheyy're filling a lot more packages, [indiscernible] lot more labors, I expect for that price to go down by glances on cost per gram basis almost impossible to nail that. Cam Battley And it's also moving target because it keeps changing as we bring new technology into tthey game. Martin Landry Okay, that's fair enough and ttheyn, you do talk about your yields being higtheyr than you expected at tthey Sky facility. Can you share what else are those yields? Cam Battley I don't think we want to be too precise until we have, even more harvest on our belt. But we can say, we have enough harvest that we have - we can say with confidence that we're getting more than we need out of each harvest in order to achieve that target of more than 100,000 kilograms a year at tthey facility at Sky. Martin Landry Okay and last one from me. You talk a lot about international exports and right now I think ttheyse are going come from market in Mountain but wondering is ttheyre a intention to get your EU GMP certification for tthey Sky facility. Terry Booth Absolutely, that process is started. You need to be in full production before you even apply for tthey initial audit from tthey people that do EU GMP certification. So our internal term from tthey EU have been through Sky, ttheyy have some recommendations for us and we expect to be ready, once we get into full production and once we have tthey corrections as ttheyy may recommend and ttheyn we'll course on tthey audit, so timing on that it is really sort of Health Canada thing. Once we get fully licensed, ttheyn we get fully funded [ph] ttheyn we at least have one all 70 rooms of ttheyse go through one cycle, ttheyn that process will begin. So it is not too far. But it is our intention. Cam Battley And we feel like, what we're going to be successful in ttheir. We have tthey expertise within tthey company to do ttheir. We have tthey guidance from our European colleagues and you've been in tthey facility I think Martin and we're essentially already operating to that level of standard of GACP and GMP. Martin Landry Okay, thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Graeme Reindeer with Eight Capital. Your line is open. Graeme Reindeer I wanted to ask about tthey market share figure that you had ttheyre about 20% in tthey consumer market. I was wondering if ttheyre was any indication of how that's trended, now that we're roughly month and a half into tthey next quarter. Cam Battley Sorry, I missed tthey last part of that. Are you asking how we came up with that number? Glen Ibbott No, they's asking, how we did January and early February. Cam Battley Yes, we haven't seen - we have a lot of our own insights. We have analytics team that are deep into ttheir, but we haven't seen anything that we could share publicly. So ttheyre is data feeds, you may be aware of ttheir, certain provinces do give us data feeds on in our own sales or tthey competitor sales as well. So we know exactly wtheyre we are for instance on Ontario, but we're also under contract not allowed to use that publicly and disclose that. So I can't give you more on that, but we certainly haven't slowed down at all in terms of our production and shipment. Ttheir is how I played out, I'm not sure how tthey ottheyr fellows are doing in ttheir industry, in terms of what ttheyy're delivering. Terry Booth It's a little murky, we don't have that tthey kind of data gattheyring analytics company you do with a pharmaceutical industry. So tthey clarity is less than optimal, let's say. Glen Ibbott And just to add, we have to understand some of ttheyse provinces did underestimate tthey demand and we're not that ready to give ttheym more than what our contract requires wtheyn we're getting double in ottheyr locations. So we're going to meet our contractual commitments in tthey adult usage market, tthey best we can and we hope to increase tthey skews in those adult usage market, but it is not something we have top of tthey priority list and providing cannabis for a lesser price, if we don't have to. Graeme Reindeer Okay, is ttheyre a figure you target internally in terms of what you want for target market share in tthey consumer market in Canada? Cam Battley You mean globally. Global, we have some big purchase. Terry Booth He's talking in tthey Canadian consult market. Glen Ibbott No, it's back to tthey discussions we've had in tthey past about our allocation. We've been a very strong team that's deep into a lot of analysis and a lot of recommendations that come up to tthey executive for strategic allocation decisions. So we mean our minimum commitments, but even within tthey allocation of provinces we look province by province wtheyre it makes sense to supply eittheyr our commitment or more than our commitment. But in terms of allocation tthey medical market is first. International and Canadian. Terry talked about earlier tthey opportunity to ship back extract base products to Mexico, wtheyre we're shipping to Germany ttheir quarter. Ttheyre is a lot of allocations that we can now make, that we've got tthey supply and we've got tthey global footprint. So our percentage that we sell into tthey Canadian consumer market will be whatever is left, after we've fully allocated all tthey ottheyr prior value markets. Graeme Reindeer Okay, thanks for that Glen. Tthey ottheyr question I had theyre is, looking at tthey inventory balance at tthey end of tthey quarter. If my math is correct, I get about 15% of that inventory balance is finittheyyd goods. But I was wondering if you could provide a bit of color on tthey process of moving from work in process to finittheyyd goods and just tying that through with tthey 25,000 kilos of available for sale, by tthey target you set out. Glen Ibbott I'm not sure I'll answer your question exactly, but theyre's what we've tried with being more precise and prescriptive with tthey way we describe our production and are available for sale. So yes, I mean ttheyre is a biological assets that are currently growing. It doesn't sit in our inventory for very long. We've got lots of market to allocate ttheir to, but what we've done with tthey guidance we gave in early January ttheyn reaffirmed theyre today, is try to turn production into available for sale. So as you know, ttheyre is plans in rooms right now Sky, ttheyy're growing but ttheyy're in eight week cultivation cycle and ttheyn ttheyre's harvest and dry and sometimes ttheyre is, certainly ttheyre's packaging. Sometimes ttheyre is furttheyr manufacturing wtheyn ttheyy're going to extract, so we've got a full usually three months from tthey time we put a plan in a room to tthey time it's available for tthey market. So we're trying to be more precise with that wtheyn we put out tthey 25,000 kilogram bigger for Q4. And we're saying that's tthey amount we'll have available for sale in that quarter which means it's growing right now, it's growing right now. It will be available for sale in Q4, so finittheyyd product at that point. I hope that answers your questions well enough because it's generally I think fairly fuzzy in tthey industry right now and trying to see through tthey [indiscernible] in terms of wtheyre ttheyy're actually at in terms of production and wtheyttheyr ttheyy're going to be to deliver to tthey markets on a quarter-by-quarter basis. Graeme Reindeer Yes, that theylps thanks. And just one last follow-up ttheyre. I mean, ttheyre was a talk of lot of different bottlenecks in different points of value chain. Has tthey acquisition of Anadia and tthey work that you on analytical testing, has that theylped Aurora at all in terms of getting product to from tthey work of process stage to tthey finittheyyd good stage. Cam Battley No, I don't think that's had any direct impact. I mean tthey acquisition of Anadia has had lots of ottheyr impacts, but I wouldn't name that as one of ttheym. Graeme Reindeer Okay, great. That's it from me. Thank you very much guys. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I turn tthey call back to tthey presenters. Cam Battley I want to thank everybody again for joining for ttheir conference call and we look forward to doing it all over again and anottheyr quarter from now. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.