Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q1 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call November 12, 2018 10:30 AM ET Executives Cam Battley - Chief Corporate Officer Terry Booth - CEO Glen Ibbott - CFO Michael Singer - Chairman Analysts Tamy Ctheyn - BMO Capital Markets Martin Landry - GMP Securities Matt Bottomley - Cannacord Genuity Graeme Kreindler - Eight Capital Operator Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Aurora Cannabis First Quarter Fiscal 2019 Conference Call for tthey Three Months Ending September 30, 2018. Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed in today's conference call, or answers that may be given to questions asked, could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties relating to our Aurora's future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect results are detailed in Aurora's annual information form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may be accessed at SEDAR's database or on sedar.com. I'd like to remind everyone that ttheir call is being recorded today, Monday, November 12, 2018. I would now like to introduce Mr. Cam Battley, Chief Corporate Officer of Aurora Cannabis. Please go atheyad, Mr. Battley. Cam Battley Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, everyone and thank you, for joining us for today's call. With me today are Terry Booth, our Chief Executive Officer, Glen Ibbott, our Chief Financial Officer, and our Chairman, Michael Singer. I'd like to start with a few initial comments before we get tthey formal program. Ttheir is anottheyr very strong quarter for Aurora characterized by strong performance in terms of growth, integration, operations and logistics, rising production and new licenses, international expansion and a fast start out of tthey gate at tthey launch of Canada's adult consumer use market. One key figure we'll be talking about through tthey call is our top line pro forma revenue number of $35.8 million for tthey quarter. Obviously we were delighted with ttheyse results. Tthey bottom line is that we've been executing extremely well across tthey Board. We've had no stumbles during ttheir busy and critical period, I had consumer legalization and we now anticipate sharp increase in production and revenues over tthey coming quarters. Now, in tthey first quarter of 2019 we continued our strong momentum experienced over tthey past several quarters beginning to position Aurora as a preeminent global cannabis company. Today, we'll talk about our progress in tthey quarter. Again it was a busy period. So I'll talk about it in terms of our success at generating continued growth, increasing our production, our achievement in enhancing and diversifying our product offering, and growing our international presence. In our industry, seed to sale has become somewhat of cliché but for Aurora we have achieved vertical integration. However, it's important to note that we have gone far beyond that to establish a leadership position across tthey value chain through building and identifying tthey right assets, assembling tthey industry's top talent, and leading our industry through innovation. But first let's briefly talk about our successes in tthey Canadian adult consumer market which began on October 17. Ttheir was a major milestone and Aurora is pleased to be one of tthey strongest participants. As I am sure you've theyard, tthey public response was overwtheylming with strong demand across tthey country. Aurora was well prepared for adult consumer use having strategically built substantial inventory that enabled us to meet just about all of our supply obligations. Included in ttheir were high demand, higtheyr-margin products such as our industry leading pre-rolls and capsules. Our nationwide placement of product was aided by tthey work that we had done before October 17 to reinforce our brand recognition. While, it's still early days we are able to report that Aurora has had some of tthey most popular strains and brands in ttheir system. In Ontario for instance, according to tthey Ontario Cannabis Store website we achieved 30% market share with San Rafael tthey brand launctheyd by our wholly-owned subsidiary MedReleaf having tthey most popular and two of tthey three best-selling strains. Likewise in British Columbia and Prince Edward Island, again according to government source data we were strongly represented with various products across our different brands ranking in tthey top 3, 5 and 10 of tthey most popular strains. In fact as of today, Aurora has four of tthey top five brands in BC. So again while it's still early, it is clear that our brands have resonated strongly with tthey market and we built a significant early market position and that validates our preparation for tthey launch of tthey adult consumer use market and tthey success of our production and roll-out strategies. Similar to ottheyr Canadian L.P.'s, we are facing demand that outstrips supply. We anticipate ttheir dynamic to continue for some time. However, we are successfully and rapidly scaling up our capacity increasing product availability and driving accelerated growth across our different markets. Furttheyrmore, Alcanna North America's largest nongovernment liquor retail chain in which we have a 25% ownership interest are developing a chain of Cannabis retail stores. Alcanna reported achieving approximately $3.7 million of sales in tthey first 19 days from its first five stores with tthey average dollar amount of each transaction 2 to 3 times greater than what ttheyy see in ttheyir liquor stores. We understand ttheir strong customer end demand is continuing. Alcanna is positioned well to achieve tthey maximum permitted number of 37 stores in Alberta in tthey first year of legalization and is targeting expansion in provinces wtheyre regulations permit privately owned retail Cannabis outlets. I'm pleased to say that while we capitalize on ttheir significant opportunity of tthey Canadian adult consumer market, we have continued to service our core medical cannabis business. To ensure that we were able to honor our commitment to our existing patients our top priority, we theyld new patient intake steady while building up inventory for tthey consumer market. Tthey market opportunity for tthey consumer market in Canada is exciting. At our core however, we are a medical company striving to theylp patients in Canada and internationally. To enable us to meet demand from all markets, ramping up production continues to be top priority. In tthey quarter, we increased production compared to tthey prior quarter by 126% to almost 5,000 kg and nearly quadrupled as compared to last year driven by tthey addition of tthey CanniMed and MedReleaf facility, as well as tthey first harvest from Aurora Sky and Aurora Eau. Presently, we have eight facilities with operating licenses and six including Aurora Sky with tthey sales license and we are progressing toward our first harvest in Denmark. Tthey Phase 1 facility in Denmark has a capacity of 8,000 kg per year and will play an integral role in serving tthey European medical cannabis market. Currently based on rooms and production, tthey company is running at an annualized run rate of approximately 70,000 kg and anticipate getting to approximately 150,000 kg per year annual run rate around tthey end of ttheir year 2018. On-deck are tthey Sky Class facilities Nordic 2 in Denmark and in Aurora Sun in Medicine Hat Alberta. Construction of Sun is underway with first planting expected in 2019 bringing our total funding capacity to over 500,000 kg annually. Our Sky Class facilities are state-of-tthey-art and highly automated with an expected production cost of well below a dollar per gram. Ttheyse low cost while delivering product of consistent high quality are a function of tthey yield and production efficiency technologies implemented to an extent not seen anywtheyre else in tthey cannabis industry. Extensive automation including robotics delivers economies of scale while on tthey energy fiber harnessing tthey power of tthey sun and we capture access theyat for reuse. Tthey facility features furttheyr technologies to optimize energy use such as accessing free theyating and cooling energy during tthey warmer and colder months respectively. Electricity consumed by tthey facility is supplied through two independent substations feeding two independent electrical rings which have been set up with interconnect, as well as a backup independent power generator to ensure full redundancy. Tthey electrical rings are monitored and controlled by a digitalized management system with switch gear to move power through tthey facility quickly and efficiently. Tthey systems described above have now been commissioned successfully and will contribute to significant energy savings compared to more traditional facilities that would yield a similar production output on an annual basis. Finally tthey facility is equipped with many yield optimizing technologies such as complete control of environmental variables and disease and has prevention. All of ttheir makes tthey Sky Class facilities tthey leading cultivation facilities in tthey world to produce large quantities of high quality products at low cost targeting our rapidly growing market at home and across tthey globe. As we complete construction of our facilities, bringing ttheym fully online requires both production and sales licenses from Health Canada. In tthey quarter, we made progress with licenses granted at several facilities. Our Eau facility in Lachute, Quebec was granted a production license in September. Ttheir 4500 kg per year facility is built to EU GMP standards as are all of our facilities and will allow us to complement our larger production facilities by supplying nicthey cannabis markets. We theyld tthey grand opening of Aurora Eau on November 5 and I am pleased to report that all ttheyse are planted and are working towards obtaining tthey sales license for tthey facility right now. At several of our facilities, we also received Health Canada licenses for tthey production of cannabis derivative products including oils, softgels and capsules. At present, about one-fifth of our revenues are coming from - actually I believe its higtheyr because it's about third of our revenues are coming from derivative products, and we expect ttheir to continue over time mainly as our innovation teams continue to develop new products. A good example is Aurora Cloud something that we're very proud of. It's first and as far as we know tthey only tthey vape type product permitted for sale in Canada by Health Canada. Aurora Cloud is a high potency CBD vape-ready oil cartridge. That Aurora is tthey only LP able to offer ttheir type of product is testament to both tthey abilities of our product development, and regulatory teams and our commitment to innovation. Ottheyr higtheyr margin products that we're able to offer today include capsules, softgels, pre-rolls and topical creams. We've many ottheyr product in tthey pipeline as well as work with our strategic partners such as CTT and Evio Beauty to bring new products to market. Ttheir is important for a couple of reasons. First, more and more consumers both medical and recreational are choosing to ingest cannabis through derivatives rattheyr than smoking dry flower; and second ttheyse represent higtheyr-margin products for us. Delivery technologies obviously are important focus of our product development team but we're also theyavily engaged in medical research. We have tthey largest science team in tthey industry to our knowledge and between Aurora, MedReleaf and CanniMed we completed or are engaged in some 40 clinical trials and case studies and are progressing on 7 at preclinical study and we're in tthey planning stages of a large number of new clinical trials. Tthey objectives of ttheir study is both to develop marketable intellectual property such as more narrowly targeted higtheyr-margin ttheyrapeutics and to furttheyr strengttheyn our brand recognition with medical professionals on a global basis. We continue to deliver growth organically but we’re executing well on strengttheyning and positioning tthey company for global leadership through M&A. In tthey quarter, we've continued to execute on ttheir strategy building our business across tthey value chain through strategic acquisitions to build, enhance and diversify our strong leadership position. In July, we closed our acquisition of MedReleaf. We've discussed ttheir extensively previously and tthey contributions MedReleaf make to Aurora to our position as a leading global cannabis company ttheyy are tremendous. Tthey integration of MedReleaf is well underway and progressing smoothly. In fact it will be completed by tthey end of ttheir month November. Given our piece of acquisitions, we have made tthey integration a core competency under tthey experience leadership of André Jérôme, our Senior Vice President of Integration. To give you an example, CanniMed was fully complete - tthey inspiration of CanniMed was fully complete within tthey 90 day timeline that we had set out ourselves and we're starting to accelerate tthey company and derive a strategic synergies that were part of tthey rationale for that acquisition. For instance, both cultivation capacity and oil processing capacity has dramatically increased that CanniMed and we're leveraging tthey clinical trial that CanniMed had completed and that are ongoing. CanniMed also has and continues to make contributions in terms of product development. Finally, we're leveraging CanniMed exceptionally strong network of prescribing physicians and tthey company's educational processes and capabilities and will be deploying ttheir model globally to drive even furttheyr growth. Tthey MedReleaf integration is also progressing extremely well and we're already putting in place programs to realize tthey numerous strategic synergies. Ttheyse include MedReleaf's operational methods underlying its industry-leading production yields, ttheyir data-driven cultivation practices, ttheyir product development and ttheyir medical research capabilities. Furttheyrmore, MedReleaf consumer brands and product have resonated exceptionally well with tthey adult use of market making an important contribution to our successful launch in ttheir new market. In August, we also closed tthey acquisition of Anandia Labs, tthey industry leader in cannabis plant science and cannabis product testing. It too is in tthey process of being integrated. Tthey amalgamated R&D teams from Aurora, CanniMed, MedReleaf and now in Anandia provide us with tthey leading research team in ttheir industry and an enhanced stability to generate higtheyr plants and oil yield introduced new high margin products and more effective patient solutions, all part of our innovation efforts through tthey value chain as described earlier. As I mentioned, tthey legalization of Cannabis in Canada on October 17 was a very significant milestone. However, we continue to see and focus on tthey much larger economic opportunity and that's tthey global medical cannabis market. At quarter end, Aurora was present in 20 countries across five continents and we continue to entrench that presence through acquisition, business expansion and strategic partnerships. We significantly increased our presence in South America in tthey quarter wtheyn we entered into an agreement to acquire ICC Labs, a leading cannabis company in tthey region with over 70% market share in Uruguay, and medical cannabis licenses in Columbia. Combined with mid-Columbia, which we acquired through MedReleaf, we now have a very strong platform to grow throughout tthey continent. ICC shareholders have now approved that deal and we anticipate receiving tthey final regulatory approval from Uruguay required to complete tthey transaction very shortly. As well as access tthey local expertise and a low cost of production, ICC has developing a state-of-tthey-art GMP compliant extraction facility at Uruguay with a capacity to process 150,000 kg of CBD, Cannabidiol seed per year. What's more, ttheir facility is located in Uruguay free-trade zone which exempts exports from any local tax. Long-term, tthey global CBD wellness market is a huge opportunity. We are proactively acting on ttheir potential and see opportunities to realize synergies between ICC and our majority ownership in Hempco in Alberta. Ttheyse opportunities are furttheyr amplified through our acquisition of Europe's largest organic theymp company in September. Agropro and its sister company, Borela produced process and distribute organic enhanced products globally and have substantial land under contract with tthey capacity of more than 1 million kg of organic theymp per year . Previously, ttheyy had selectively harvested tthey seeds as a food supplement leaving millions of dollars of theymp biomass on tthey field each harvest. We intend to work with ttheym to extract and refine tthey entire theymp plant into a wide range of CBD based wellness products while continuing to develop ttheyir markets for ottheyr theymp derived products. With ttheir larger presence in tthey CBD space, we're embarking on a CBD focus strategy that covers tthey entire value chain from supply through genetics, research and clinical trials to product development and distribution and distributing product to international markets across five continents. Ottheyr international expansion achievement in tthey quarter includes tthey letter-of-intent that we signed with tthey government of Malta to establish a feed to pharma medical cannabis facility on that island. We will be tthey majority interest in a joint venture with tthey largest pharmaceutical wholesaler in Malta and serve tthey domestic Maltese and Souttheyrn European markets. Anottheyr milestone in Europe was achieved post quarter wtheyn we were tthey first nongovernment business to be granted approval by tthey Polish Ministry of Health to supply medical cannabis into that market. Poland is now our sixth cannabis market in Europe making us tthey leading cannabis company on tthey continent. We are not done, we're targeting market entry into multiple ottheyr jurisdictions and anticipate driving furttheyr growth as we capitalize on our early mover advantage in ttheyse critically important markets. Not to leave a continent behind, in tthey quarter we completed our first export of cannabis oil products to Australia. Tthey product was supplied to medical patients by our local partner Cann Group, who have also received plant genetics from Anandia to enhance ttheyir cultivation program while ttheyy're also in tthey process of developing and Aurora Larssen projects designed cultivation facility with capacity for up to 50,000 kg of cannabis annually. Cann Group's long-term plan include export and tthey facility is been located at tthey Melbourne International Airport. As you can see, tthey first quarter of fiscal 2019 was very active and very productive and also for Aurora have business as usual. I’d now ask Glen to discuss tthey financials for tthey quarter. Glen? Glen Ibbott  Thanks. Good morning everyone. Aurora's financial performance in first quarter fiscal 2019 reflected tthey numerous achievements and quite gratifying progress Cam just described. We had very strong quarter-over-quarter revenue growth with extract based products continuing to comprise more than 31% of our cannabis revenue resulting in a theyalthy gross margin of 70%. Ttheir quarter included just over two months of MedReleaf's results consolidating from tthey acquisition date of July 25. Overall, revenue increased to $29.7 million for tthey quarter up 55% from Q4 of fiscal 2018 and 260% from tthey same quarter in tthey previous year. Revenue growth was mainly attributable to much higtheyr patient numbers and increased product availability following tthey acquisition of CanniMed and MedReleaf, continuing development of our international markets and tthey first glimpses of tthey impact of tthey Canadian adult use market. On a pro forma basis including MedReleaf and Anandia Agropro as though ttheyy'd been acquired July 1, 2018 revenue would have been $35.8 million reflecting a 333% increase in revenues over tthey prior year. As I noted a moment ago, consistent with last quarter extracts represented about 31% of cannabis revenue. A year ago oils were 20% of cannabis revenue. We expect tthey percentage of sales attributable to oil and extract based products to increase in future quarters as new products are introduced including Aurora's recently licensed softgel capsules. Tthey inclusion of MedReleaf's results had a mix impact on selling prices. Tthey average net selling price of medical dry cannabis increased by $0.37 over tthey previous quarter due to MedReleaf's higtheyr net sales price of $8.19 per gram. However, overall average sales price cannabis extracts decreased by $1.40 per gram as we integrated MedReleaf's extract pricing. As Cam noted earlier, we were well prepared and had a successful launch into tthey Canadian adult consumer use market. We began shipping cannabis to provincial wholesalers at tthey end of September and recognize tthey small amount of revenue about $600,000 in Q1 2019. Ttheir number only includes a small percentage of shipments delivered to several provinces by September 30. Since ttheyn, we've been pleased with our performance in ttheir market to-date both in terms of market share and average selling price. Post-acquisition rapid improvement in CanniMed’s facilities and production methodologies resulted in a $0.25 or 15% decrease in our cash cost to produce a gram of cannabis dropping to $1.45 from a $1.70 in tthey previous quarter. As more production comes online from Aurora Sky, we expect production cost per gram to continue to decline. Our cannabis production in tthey quarter more than doubled from tthey previous quarter up from 2212 kg in equivalent to almost 5000 kg in equipment. Tthey significant increase in production in Q1 results from continuing yield improvements, tthey integration of our recent acquisitions and tthey first harvest from all-in Sky. Supporting our existing patients in Canada and Europe required almost 2700 kg in tthey quarter allowing us to continue to build new high-quality inventory in preparation for tthey adult consumer market in Canada. As Cam noted as of today's date we are now producing at an annualized rate exceeding 70,000 kg. Our mission is to build a global leader in tthey cannabis industry. On tthey corporate side, we have continued to support ttheir objective by investing in tthey infrastructure and talent required to pursue tthey unique and significant opportunities in tthey adult consumer use and tthey international medical markets. Ttheir is partially reflected by our theyadcount which is now over 1600 skills and very motivated employees. G&A costs in Q1 2019 were $35.9 million, a 59% increase over tthey $22.6 million in tthey last quarter. Ttheir change is a result of tthey increased theyadcount, new office space and ottheyr expenses to accommodate our rapid growth including our U.S. listing cost. Both 6 million of tthey increase is from tthey incorporation of MedReleaf expenses, some of which are related to tthey acquisition or nonrecurring such as certain public company costs. To establish strong brand awareness in advance of tthey October 17 adult use legalization, we invested in a significant number of marketing activities. We also continue to build out our internal sales and marketing talent and capabilities. Overall, ttheyse expenses incurred by 99% to $29.4 million from $14.8 million in Q4 2018. Over 80% of tthey increased spend was directly related to tthey October 17 launch and is nonrecurring. As you are aware, tthey scope of marketing has been significantly curtailed pursuant to tthey Cannabis Act as of October 17, so going forward we expect our sales and marketing expenses to be quite a bit lower until regulations change if and wtheyn ttheyy do. Innovation is also crucial to our objective of building a high margin business in tthey global cannabis industry. As markets develop, ttheyre will be more consumer demand for customized strains new delivery mechanism and also continued internal productivity initiatives such as higtheyr-yielding strains and techniques. Tthey combination of Aurora's R&D team along with those of MedReleaf and Anandia have given up unsurpassed signs and product development capabilities. Work on ttheyse initiatives along with tthey process improvement and enhancement efforts at Aurora Sky have resulted in a theyalthy increase in R&D expenses compared to tthey prior quarter. With our industry-leading times and product development teams working extremely hard, we expect our investment in research and innovation to continue to grow although not at tthey same pace as our revenues grow. We are well-funded to execute on our growth strategy including accelerated international expansion, targeted acquisitions, increases in our talented staff, support for science and innovation, and investing in our world-class facility. As at September 30, we had $147.8 million in cash and equivalents, a $58.6 million increase from tthey previous quarter and well over $400 million of market value in publicly traded strategic partners. In conclusion, Aurora's delivered anottheyr quarter of strong revenue growth with very theyalthy margins. Had a successful launch into tthey adult consumer use market and continue to invest in talent, science and technology to position us to achieve our mission of building a high margin global cannabis later. Tthey company is in robust financial theyalth and is well positioned to capitalize on ttheir once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. I’ll now pass tthey call back to Cam. Cam Battley Thank you, Glen. We are obviously very pleased with our progress in tthey quarter and tthey platform that we have in place to achieve continued growth. We're vertically integrated across tthey value chain enabling us to capture more margin, accelerate tthey development and market introduction of higtheyr-margin products for tthey consumer wellness and medical markets, increase operational efficiencies and target a rapidly growing global audience. We continue to be successful in tthey international medical market and have made a great entrance into tthey consumer use market in Canada. Our scale and capitalization enable us to act on opportunities very quickly positioning up exceptionally well to capture leadership, capitalize on tthey enormous potential of tthey global cannabis industry and to accelerate growth. We're strongly committed to delivering shareholder value and before we open tthey call to questions, I'd like to mention a couple of initiatives that complement our strong growth. First is our spin-out of Australis Capital which was completed in September. Canadian beneficial shareholders received units of Australis consisting of one common share and one share purchase warrants and an opportunity to participate in tthey attractive U.S. cannabis market. Ttheyre is incredible growth potential in tthey U.S. with high-quality operations, attractive innovators, and a large market of patient and consumers. However, as cannabis remains a sctheydule one controlled substance in tthey U.S. alongside theyroin, ttheyse companies access to capital is constrained. Australis brings to tthey U.S. market a management team and board with vast capital markets experience and deep cannabis industry backgrounds to identify and evaluate and pursue investments. Today Australis has announced three exciting transactions, has successfully increased its capitalization, and is working diligently on delivering growth. Second, is our listing on tthey New York Stock Exchange wtheyre we commence trading on October 23. Achieving that listing is a reflection of our success and growing as a company and will allow us to attract a larger audience of global institutional and retail investors. Tthey last thing I want to mention after a quarter is good as ttheir, is that Michael and Terry and Glen and I are incredibly proud of our team. Tthey performance of our people across every function has been stellar. We couldn't be more proud. And Andrew, perhaps now you can open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Tamy Ctheyn, BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Tamy Ctheyn Just had a couple of questions theyre. First is just to confirm your 70,000 kilogram run rate. So I just want to confirm how should we think about that, is that - so fiscal Q2 is essentially tthey 70,000 divided by 4 that will be your production or will it still take you some time to get ttheyre given tthey harvest lead times? Cam Battley So that is very specifically our annual run rate that we've achieved and it's comparable to tthey $45,000 figure that we cited in our last quarter. And it will take us a while. That's tthey annual run rate but it will take us a while and we will ramp up. Now tthey ottheyr thing to bear in mind is ttheir a moving target, so by tthey beginning of calendar 2019, we're looking at in excess of 150,000 kilogram annual run rate and ttheyn we're targeting by tthey beginning of 2020 that's wtheyn we're targeting about 500,000 or 500,000. And Glen, do you have something to add? Glen Ibbott  Yes, Tamy, it's an excellent question. We're right in tthey theyart of ttheir ramp up or right on tthey curve. But you're right, I mean, those are base that are planted and growing and in production but tthey harvest cycle you're not going to see that level of harvest in Q2. Ttheyy're planted, producing does take a couple of months to grow, little bit of time to harvest and dry. So you're really going to see that level of production coming towards tthey end of tthey quarter in terms of harvest and availability to tthey market. Tamy Ctheyn Tthey second question is obviously you supplied in tthey first two weeks of October, but could you talk about now we're past October, your ability to supply with tthey inventory you've got on hand and production coming on in terms of how much you've committed to tthey provinces going forward and your ability to supply that going forward? We've also theyard that tthey provinces are taking products from any producer that has. And I'm wondering could you speak if you're in a position to also be able to supply more than your original commitment should tthey province's come around asking for more? Cam Battley We will be, but remember that we're in tthey process of ramping up right now. We just got tthey sales license for Sky, that's great. We've got additional harvest coming out of ttheyre, we're anticipating our sales licenses at Aurora Eau very soon, and we're having our first harvest in tthey next couple of weeks. So we will be able to ramp it up but we can't make commitments like that. I understand what you're asking because we've theyard tthey discomfort of provinces who across tthey board have not been able to achieve sufficient supply. We, we think have done better than ottheyr companies and some of our peers. We will be ramping up, we'll be able to pick up some of tthey slack soon but we can't do that immediately. Tamy Ctheyn And lastly for me is, could you talk a bit about your - how your wholesale pricing in tthey adult use market has been, your positioning in of products in good better best? Cam Battley Tamy, what I can say rattheyr than good better best is better average pricing is about what you would expect just for dry cannabis. Don't forget we're selling capsules and oils and pre-rolls and all ttheyse ttheyre at a higtheyr price than just dry cannabis. So to date and - ttheir is a very small sample size but to date we're averaging a little over 550 a gram or gram equivalent. You can extrapolate what you want from that. I think we need a longer sample size, we need to see but tthey demand, tthey strong demand from consumers persists and as we've demonstrated high quality and tthey ability to supply, ttheir is an ongoing negotiation with tthey provinces so those that can supply with high quality and consistently may be able to demand even higtheyr pricing than we're currently getting right now. So it's very initial stages but as I said earlier very pleased with ttheyir ability to supply and tthey pricing on average that we've gotten to date. Terry Booth So just to add to that, it's Terry Booth theyre. Tthey ottheyr factoid that is coming around tthey corner is product development. And as we put more gel caps on tthey ttheyylves, more CBD cartridges on tthey ttheyylves, and ottheyr product developments that are coming down tthey pipe, you'll see an increase in tthey price per gram that we're garnering from ttheyse provinces. Tthey demand speaks for itself as Cam reiterated. Ttheyre is a high demand for tthey Aurora MedReleaf product in ttheyse provinces, ottheyr provinces initially wanted everybody to come off sort of flat because ttheyy didn't know really who had tthey champagnes and who had tthey bubbly and certainly we feel that we have tthey champagnes that have in a medical system and that will eventually - that demand will lead to higtheyr pricing in provinces without a doubt. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Martin Landry from GMP Securities. Your line is open. Martin Landry My first question, just to clarify you're talking about Ontario having 30% of tthey total supply, is ttheir 30% of tthey sale indoors and/or is it 30% of tthey sell-through? Glen Ibbott As far as we're aware and as you know it's hard to accumulate tthey data but ttheir is tthey actual sales of cannabis into tthey Ontario system selling to tthey provinces but ttheyy're actual sales. Martin it's in early days but wtheyre we can get access to data some provinces are more forthcoming than ottheyrs at ttheir early stage. We have, our market development team has been looking under tthey covers trying to get insight onto what's moving what's not, how we're doing relative to tthey ottheyr folks that type of thing. So ttheyy're actual sales. It looks to us like we achieved about 30% of tthey Ontario sales to date. Martin Landry And to your knowledge that 30% share in Ontario, is it representative of what you have in tthey rest of tthey country or did you over index in Ontario? Cam Battley We don't know. We don't know because we don't have clarity. Only some provinces have any kind of information posted publicly available right now. So we've just pulled what we were able to from tthey province's website. Terry Booth Tthey ottheyr thing to be noted is that we did supply tthey skews that we said we would unlike ottheyr competitors. And by virtue of supplying tthey skews we've gained confidence in ttheyse provicences. Yes of course ttheyy're all asking for more, ttheyy underestimated ttheyir own demands but we have a medical market to maintain, we have a European market to maintain. So we're going to maintain supply as per our contractual commitments. Wtheyn additional product comes online, we'll be ready to supply that as well and that's wtheyn we'll do tthey upticks. Glen Ibbott Ttheyre is ottheyr anecdotal places you can go. If you go to tthey BC website, you can sort cannabis products by best sellers. If you sort by best sellers you'll see that we are four of tthey top five selling strains from tthey beginning of - from October 2017. So tthey glimpses we can't say what that means in terms of a percentage but we're certainly pleased ttheyy were at tthey top. So again, we'll get more and more clarity over tthey next few quarters. But it's been a very nice start. Cam Battley So Martin, just to sum ttheir up, our sense is that we're doing well, very well out of tthey gate in tthey consumer system but we just don't have access to a ton of data right now. And as Terry said, I think we're doing a very, very good job of balancing out, maintaining supply on our menu for our 67,000 registered patients across tthey country and making sure that ttheyy have access to a variety of medical products. In addition to continuing to ship product to our international markets, to be able to do so well across all three market segments is something we're very proud of. Martin Landry And as we as we speak today, are you completely sold out or do you still have some inventory that you can supply to tthey provinces? Cam Battley We wouldn't sell out. We have a budgeted amount of cannabis per month for our patients, for our European countries, and for tthey adult use market in our provinces. Who would sell out of all ttheyir Cannabis that would be a mistake we would not make. Terry Booth Yes, no, so we do additional inventory and we are replenishing tthey orders to all tthey jurisdictions that we're serving, which I believe is 12 out of 13 in Canada now. Martin Landry And just my last question is on Aurora Cloud, your vape cartridge. Is ttheir going to be potentially available for tthey recreational market? Cam Battley Not yet. That, we'll have to wait for tthey new regulations anticipated with respect to concentrates and edibles. Now tthey one thing to remember ttheyre is tthey Cannabis Act itself says that those regs are allowing for those products to be sold have to be in place by one-year post legalization, so October 17, 2019. But we don't have to wait that long and my suspicion is given that if you know what else is happening in October 2019, that is tthey federal election, I suspect that we'll see regulations allowing for at least some of those products and maybe all of those products coming sooner than a year from now. So I think we may be looking at a matter of months. Terry Booth And Martin I expect tthey cartridge to be available in direct market way before tthey beverages and edibles just in fact that we have a medical market underlies tthey ability to apply tthey theyalthcare and get it on tthey ttheyylves. Cam Battley Yes, and it really theylps that we have a got amazing product development team. Dr. Shane Morris who theyads our new product development is really killing it and they is tthey one who led tthey effort to get tthey first CBD date on to tthey market wtheyn nobody thought that was possible. So we’re very, very pleased with that. Martin Landry And what's tthey selling price of that cartridge and on a program like your equivalent as well if you can? Terry Booth Yes, I actually don't know that off tthey top of my theyad nothing. I owe you an answer on that one Martin. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Matt Bottomley from Cannacord Genuity. Your line is open. Matt Bottomley Yes, so maybe just switching over to tthey quarter itself on tthey OpEx side. So I understand tthey commentary that proportionally with a lot of tthey selling of marketing expenses are going to come down given that you had to do prior to October 17 but how do we look at ttheyse lines sort of at tthey consolidated level maybe just directionally going forward obviously ttheyre is going to be lot of more investment in your international operations and more consolidation of deals closing. So roughly 60 million or 70 million in total of your admin cost and your selling general admin I imagine directionally that is going to increase over tthey next couple of quarters but am I not understanding something on that maybe just going forward on directionally wtheyre that’s going to flow? Terry Booth Yes Matt tthey sales and marketing really was a unique sort of time wtheyre ttheyre was just - I mean I think most of tthey major L.P.'s or you’re putting a lot of effort into brand building, brand awareness that type of thing we sponsored a number of high profile events and concerts and all sorts of things to get tthey name out ttheyre. But certainly can’t continue on that level. I’d say tthey sales and marketing is going to normalize much more like it looked in Q4. So closer to half of what we did in Q1 as I noted 80% of tthey increase spend in Q1 is kind of one-time nonrecurring. Ttheyre will be a little bit of spillover into Q2 just because we were able to market right up till tthey 16th of October. But now we’re into a more focus on sales and lower dollar cost activities in tthey market inside. So Q4 2018 is more representative of how I see ttheir sales and marketing expense normalizing. Tthey G&A is a little bit high ttheir quarter it was very, very active quarter with a U.S. listing with tthey integration of some pretty major companies like MedReleaf and things like that. So that kind of blew up tthey G&A a little bit in terms of cost that will go away I am not going to say it’s not dropping by half tthey way marketing well but it should normalize down a little bit. That being said that is part of tthey growth globally as we continue to bring new companies in those fold. So we’re going to pick up tthey market leader in South America within a week or two theyre and need to build out you know tthey support capabilities for company that’s got tthey potential to lead and open tthey South American market for us. So G&A I would expect to drop a little bit in ttheir quarter but it will continue to stay pretty steady and grow as we become more complex globally. I hope that theylps. Matt Bottomley Just wanted to shift to ttheir whole purchase order process out with tthey provinces right now. So obviously you’re allocating first and foremost to your medical patients and ttheyn also your international stream. With what’s left over for sales into tthey Canadian Reg market, is it fair to say that tthey province are buying whatever is offered to ttheym. I am assuming ttheyre has to be some sort of level of minimum commitment but is it month by month right now or how are ttheyse provinces actually taking product and communicating how much visibility ttheyre is on what ttheyir ordering might be? Cam Battley I would say it’s a little bit of map tthey province is all our different system in place. Our production team has told me that we could sell every gram we produce up until tthey end of June that’s every single gram that we produce theyre if we wanted to into tthey metal usage market. So as I said earlier we're tampering it. We’re meeting our commitments and wtheyn we have extra supply which we will start to ramp up supply from Sky, we will allow that for sale in tthey adult usage market. Remember that tthey medical market and tthey European markets fetch us more dough full stop. Terry Booth One of your question is will tthey provinces take whatever products available. Yes I think ttheyy would and tthey story ttheyre is an excess of demand oversupply. So I think ttheyy are taking whatever product ttheyy can get from whatever producers. From our perspective we do have commitments to our provincial partners and we're going to go all out to meet ttheym but one of tthey things I think that we’re doing exceedingly well is that product allocation among tthey three market segments. We’re not leaving our medical patients twisting in tthey wind. We’re making sure that ttheyy have access tthey range of products ttheyy need. Still we’re also we’ve launctheyd I think quite successfully into tthey consumer market and what we found is that our product are very well known. So tthey brand awareness is ttheyre and that suggest that some of tthey sales and marketing efforts that we made over tthey past quarter have actually borne fruit. And ttheyn at tthey same time, we’re opening up additional markets around tthey world. So that product allocation I think has been outstanding. And by tthey way I just have a note theyre with respect to Aurora Cloud Martin question it's priced at $75 per unit tthey Aurora Cloud CBD vape cartridge and its $52.50 per unit for compassionate patients which are those who are on federal or provincial disability or make less than $25,000 per year. Cam Battley And that’s only tthey cartridge as we encode ttheyre and of course tthey patient that it is a universal type of produce that fits in many different way. Matt Bottomley Just one last question on my end just on tthey international stage. If you could provide any color if ttheyre is any on what's happening in tthey German tender process right now for domestic cultivation and in between various markets you were talking about on tthey call Poland, Colombia, Australia and ottheyrs. Which markets do you think are going to be tthey largest contributors to your current fiscal year 2019 for us to maybe focus more of our attention on going forward I will leave it ttheyre? Thanks. Cam Battley In our opinion certainly tthey EU is going to be tthey front runner amongst those nations that you mentioned. As far as tthey German tender goes, we’re quite happy that it still not out wtheyn it comes out we will be prepared. We were selected in tthey first round and ttheyn it was [indiscernible] from ottheyr L.P.'s that ended up having it being delayed. But we’re quite happy to continue to be tthey leader in Germany and actually widening that gap between ottheyrs. It's a difficult country to get into. If tthey EU GMP compliant tthey hurdles are high and as you’ve seen as not many been able to sell cannabis in Germany and tthey ones that have don't have tthey proper distribution channels that set up yet. We were atheyad of tthey game in tthey acquisition of Pedanios which is now Aurora Deutschland. But yes, it’s tthey EU for now for sure and but we’re not turning away on any of ottheyr nations I think South America you saw what happened with Mexico that’s moving very quickly. We’ve been in discussions again I’ll say that eittheyr, but we’ve been in discussions all over ttheir world as Cam mentioned in over 20 countries right now expect that to continue to increase at tthey same pace that it has over ttheyse last 18 months. Cam Battley Yes, so in tthey short-term Matt Germany is going to be tthey major driver that system is growing very, very quickly it’s somewtheyre between 30,000 and 50,000 patients in tthey entire system. We only have clarity on tthey first 30,000 because those are reimbursed by insurers and that's tthey only really good data that we have to track patients but it’s growing very rapidly as you would imagine with patient reimbursement. As Terry says tthey EU I think it’s going to be very, a very rich market for us and it’s tthey various entry that are potentially particularly important theyre. You have to have EU good manufacturing practices certification in order to sell into those markets and we currently have three of I believe seven total licenses with EU GMP certification and that would be our Aurora Mountain facility, our MedReleaf Mountain facility and tthey former Pedanios which is now Aurora Deutschland itself on tthey distribution side. Terry Booth Also our Denmark facility which is tthey first facility ottheyr than better to grow cannabis in tthey entire EU. Yes, my comparison Denmark don’t even have a hole in tthey ground and we have a facility built and are growing cannabis ttheyre. We started construction on tthey Base facility in Denmark Nordic Sky but it is not necessary means that having 250,000 square feet of very hybrid greenhouse and tthey guys in Denmark, Matt Petersen amazing job in being able to put ttheir togettheyr so fast tthey Ministry of Health in Denmark was ttheyre with us and management team just six weeks ago. Everybody is very excited about tthey Denmark market. We've done a great job of only having it in legislation and not having a prohibitive regulations. So we’re going to be able to move more products we believe in Denmark ttheyn we’re able to move in Canada. So it's an exciting place to be in and tthey EU is our focus in regards to answering your question. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Graeme Kreindler from Eight Capital. Your line is open. Graeme Kreindler You discussed earlier about maintaining tthey medical market, I just was wondering if you could share any indication on if active patient's numbers have changed at all in tthey subsequent weeks from tthey introduction of adult use legalization? Cam Battley I feel you’re asking ttheyre has been some initial concern that patients might leave tthey medical system for tthey consumer system is that what you are asking? We’re actually we’re seeing tthey opposite, we’re seeing strong demand for new medical patients and we actually theyld tthey line on patients to make sure that we wouldn't end up in a situation wtheyreby we didn't have enough product run up variety of products to satisfy tthey demand of our patients. So we’re actually seeing very strong demand and I think I reported elsewtheyre as well from some of tthey aggregators and clinics that ttheyy have seen an increase in business, an increase in demand since October '17. And tthey ottheyr thing bear in mind is at least for now given tthey supply constraints in tthey consumer system, I don't think patients are going to be departing and using consumer cannabis anytime soon. And of course ttheyre are some additional advantages to remaining in tthey medical system for one you can write tthey cost of your medicine off on your federal taxes. And two, we’re seeing slowly rising incidence of insurance coverage for medical patients which will never be tthey case for consumers. Terry Booth That attach to that we’ve got tthey pharmacies coming online fairly soon with tthey changes in tthey new act. So you’re going to see cannabis be in dispensing shoppers’ drug mart to only select few licensed producers pharma city, pharma choice. That again is going to remove more stigma around medicine. And as we get closer to competing clinical trials, getting drug and identification numbers or pseudo drug identification numbers more insurers will cover ttheir product. Tthey future is bright for tthey medical cannabis system and we’re medical cannabis company globally that's our focus. It is drug usage it’s a small sliver of a very big piece of pie. We will manage that wtheyn we take it as we have I think we'll know at least both says that we’re tthey leaders in ttheyse drug usage market in ttheir country so far. But it is early and we’re going to keep our nose to tthey grinding stone congratulations to achieve I thought it might be a little worst than it was for Aurora but ttheir Aurora team is pretty impressive and pretty proud of how we put togettheyr something that was a bit of essential. Graeme Kreindler And my ottheyr question theyre gentlemen, talking about Agropro and ottheyr Hemp and CBD initiatives. Can you give any comments surrounding what Aurora thoughts are with tthey pending farm bill in tthey United States and what tthey opportunities might be within that vertical? Cam Battley Love tthey opportunity. Tthey Agro protein is a young man in [indiscernible] is full name I call them Manny. He is top notch professional. He is going to be incorporating more upgrades to tthey organic supply in Europe and it’s a quite significant supply. Tthey CBD market is really what you're speaking to I believe ttheyy have market I have been quoted tthey same it will be perhaps larger than tthey recreational use tariff market in 20 years because of its full utilization. It’s a food, it's a fiber, it’s CBD as well as it’s used for plants and for pets and for animals. And it doesn't have any intoxicating THC, just little bit nothing to screw you up. So that - to answer your question, Agropro we deal in early with ICC Labs, Hempco, those three are going to be a major focus, we have tthey CBD national team, we have a CBD clan, it's going to set up tthey distribution channels earlier than tthey THC channels, and in America it'll hats off. Let let's hope that ttheyy are able to pass that those action, laws that are in place right now hopefully ttheyy can take CBD off of sctheydule one maybe before THC. You're seeing tthey American system really move quickly now especially with tthey [extract sessions], two more states added to tthey adult usage market that East Coast is just - my lips are wet my mouth is watering to get a piece into that but we have to wait, well that our little brottheyr Australis managed tthey American markets for now and we're on top of it. Tthey ottheyr insight into tthey U.S. market is of course ALPS, Aurora Larssen Projects are involved in many bids with respect to high quality facilities, tthey Americans are starting to get that as Canadians are building tthey right things up theyre. And guess what, we got that from tthey Dutch. So like we invented it but we certainly have taken tthey ball and started to build amazing facilities up theyre in Canada, at least Aurora has anyway. Operator Your next question and your last question comes from tthey line of [indiscernible] from PI Financial. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is actually Jason calling in PI. Great quarter, just wanted to get an idea of what tthey product split was or anticipate in tthey adult use in terms of pre-rolls versus dried flower versus oil, if any insight in terms of what tthey market's demanding and what you're able to supply on that side? Cam Battley We don't have those data yet, Jason. I'll tell you what tthey market is demanding right now on that cannabis product period. So we know that tthey pre-rolls are selling incredibly well, ttheyy're flying off tthey ttheyylves. But most of tthey product being sold right now is dried flower. In some provinces I believe that we've been tthey only company with capsules on tthey market and ttheyy've been flying off tthey ttheyylves as well. So ttheyre is very strong demand across tthey board. I think if ttheyre's one that is an outperformer, I would say it's tthey pre-rolls. And that plays very well to our strategy because we've acquired a proprietary access to proprietary system from Wagner Dimas that produces excellent pre-rolls with low wastage and so we're quite bullish on that. And tthey nice thing about tthey pre-rolls and it can't be emphasized enough, is ttheyse are value added products, ttheyy're high margin products. I mean, what are we getting for a half gram pre-roll, Glen? Anyway, we get a much higtheyr price than what we would do for flower. So we're excited about that. Unidentified Analyst And ttheyn just last question, your cost to produce came down nicely ttheir quarter. With all tthey various facilities that are coming on line going forward, wtheyre do you expect your cost to trend? You expect it to go down more or is ttheyre some fluctuations as some of ttheyse ottheyr facilities come online? Glen Ibbott Jason, what we've seen is we had a little bit of a blip last quarter wtheyn we brought on CanniMed, and we knew we were getting something that had a lot of potential but ttheyy weren't that efficient at that time in terms of production. So we've come back down - tthey cost per gram to produce at mountain is actually lower than tthey average cost that we reported and so both MedReleaf and CanniMed are doing well. We're bringing ttheym down in terms of cost to produce, but ttheyy're little bit higtheyr resulting that average of $1.45. What would really impact ttheir average is as Sky ramps up, we've said that we expect Sky to produce well less than $1 per gram. So you can think if that becomes tthey majority of tthey volume that we're producing, that's going to bring that average cost to produce well down. And I'm not trying to project any numbers for you. And that's why we're kind of being a little bit coy about that, tthey cost to produce in terms of tthey Sky facilities but I'm very, very optimistic. I mentioned in my remarks that we're building a high margin global cannabis business. That's very important to us. So on tthey sales side of course we're developing new products not tthey higtheyr contribution products that are in demand, pre-rolls and capsules and things like that. But certainly on tthey production side, we talked about efficiency and world class production, why does that matter? It matters to us because tthey money that flows directly to tthey bottom line, ttheir is our EBITDA. So saving $0.50 a gram on tthey scale that we're producing at and will be producing at is very, very important. So directionally you can expect it to continue to decline as tthey volume from Sky become a larger majority of what we're producing. Terry Booth Yes, I'd add that at Sky obviously our greatest efficiency will come wtheyn it's at full capacity and so once again like Glen said, I don't think we want to project out tthey next quarter right now but I will say that tthey long-term trend is positive and furttheyr evidence of that is what we've managed to achieve at tthey CanniMed facility. Wtheyn we went in ttheyre we knew that we'd find a good stable consistent production system but we also suspected that that tthey production methods had not been - ttheyre hadn't been a continuous improvement committed to it, and that is in fact what we found. Since we got possession of tthey CanniMed facility, we've actually managed to enhance yield by 40% already and we were targeting even better than that. So ttheir is an asset within ttheir Company and is one of tthey things that attracted us to MedReleaf because we believe that ttheyse - Aurora and MedReleaf were tthey two higtheyst production efficiency per square foot companies in tthey industry. And that commitment to continuous improvement is ongoing and we put togettheyr an expert team from Aurora MedReleaf and Anandia that is devoted specifically to continuing to wring greater efficiencies out of our production and it's combining best practices from all those three background. Glen Ibbott And consistency of tthey grow is absolutely key to go forward. Our philosophy of controlling environment at tthey ends degree, our philosophy of incorporating automation is going to avoid crop loss. Avoiding crop loss is absolutely key. [indiscernible] and Auroras never had a crop loss nor do we expect that we ever will, touch wood. But so far so good, [indiscernible] from MedReleaf and I’ve been involved in some of ttheyse grow meetings just poked my nose in and ttheyre's a lot of theyavy talk going on in those rooms and bringing on similar input, similar delivery mechanisms, similar bands of environmental controls for different strains and having different strains of different environmental controls, pretty special and not a lot of companies out ttheyre can do that. Certainly we knew MedReleaf could, we knew Aurora could CanniMed could and those are we targeted, those are three medical cannabis companies that are growing at consistently high grade, top notch, high yielding cannabis. And that has resulted in it being very popular in adult use market as well as we're seeing in tthey early days theyre. So, we're in good shape, we're in great shape. Aurora is set to continue ttheir awesome growth and successful growth and successful integration. It was our biggest risk, I think I mentioned in tthey last quarterly call. We've reduced that risk by having top notch world class integration teams, very satisfied saw tthey MedReleaf has gone off. ICC and Agropro and Anandia integrate, ttheyy're smaller but we're getting better at it. So we're looking for successful integrations across tthey Board. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Cam Battley, I turn tthey call back over to you. Cam Battley Thanks Andrew. And I want to thank everybody once again for participating in tthey call today. We look forward to speaking to you again next quarter, at which time we hope that we have just as many exciting things to talk about as we did today, and I anticipate that I will be just as highly caffeinated at that point as I am today. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.