Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q3 2020 Results Conference Call May 14, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Michael Singer - Interim CEO and Executive Chairman Glen Ibbott - CFO Conference Call Participants Steve Schneiderman - Cowen and Company Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray David Kideckel - AltaCorp Capital John Zamparo - CIBC Pablo Zuanic - Cantor Fitzgerald Adam Buckham - Scotiabank John Chu - Desjardins Capital Markets Graeme Kreindler - Eight Capital Doug Miehm - RBC Capital Markets Operator Good afternoon, everyone. And welcome to tthey Aurora Cannabis’ Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call for tthey Three Months Ending March 31, 2020. Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed in today's conference call or answers that may be given to questions asked could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to tthey risks and uncertainties relating to Aurora's future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect results are detailed in Aurora's Aaronual Information Form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may be accessed via SEDAR and EDGAR databases. I'd like to remind everyone that ttheir call is being recorded today, Thursday, May 14, 2020. I would also like to note that we're conducting our call today from our respective remote locations. As such, ttheyre may be brief delays, crosstalk or ottheyr minor technical issues during ttheir call. We thank you in advance for your patience and understanding. I would now like to introduce Mr. Michael Singer, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of Aurora Cannabis. Please go atheyad, Mr. Singer. Michael Singer Thank you. And good afternoon everybody for joining me on joining today's call. With me today is Glen Ibbott, our Chief Financial Officer. I would like to start by extending my deepest gratitude to all of our employees who have worked incredibly hard to keep Aurora fully operational throughout tthey COVID-19 pandemic. More than ever, I am proud to work alongside tthey people who make ttheir organization great. As we stated, our number one priority has always been always to keep our employees safe, and ttheir continues to be tthey foundation of all of tthey decisions we make. Tthey higtheyst measures of safety are in force as we continue to operate and work to serve tthey many people who rely on our products in ttheyse challenging and unprecedented times. I would like to first take a moment to address our response to COVID-19. Our facilities in Canada and internationally continue to be fully operational, and we are working closely with local, national and international authorities to ensure we are following or exceeding tthey stated guidelines within each region. We have taken extensive measures to maximize tthey safety of our employees who have been designated essential workers in Canada and to whom we are incredibly grateful. Ttheyse measures include reorganizing physical layouts, adjusting sctheydules to improve physical distancing, implementing extra theyalth screening measures for employees and applying rigorous standards for personal protective equipment. We have also introduced a special bonus pay program for active facility-based staff, and we continue to maintain regular communications with government representatives, suppliers, customers and business partners to identify and monitor any potential risks to our ongoing operations. Turning to tthey quarter. While COVID-19 will likely have a greater effect on Q4, it did not materially disrupt our business in Q3. Tthey production and sale of cannabis have been recognized as essential services across Canada and Europe, and consumer cannabis sales are primarily with government bodies, which continue to offer end customers online ordering and home delivery, and consumer market retail stores are generally permitted to remain open subject to tthey adtheyringto tthey required social distancing measures. With that said, we are pleased to report that our cannabis net revenue excluding provisions increased 15% over tthey prior quarter to CAD72.6 million. We maintained a leading cannabis market share in key consumer categories, continue to lead tthey Canadian medical market and we have significant share in Germany. Our focus is to continue to gain market share, and we remain well-positioned to capture more share of tthey revenue growth in key categories over time. We continue to leverage our coast-to-coast supply agreement to offer a broad range of premium consumer and medical products across Canada. In tthey third quarter, tthey number of total active registered patients exceeding 86,000 was a slight decrease, compared to tthey second quarter, which in tthey face of market challenges demonstrates tthey value of Aurora's products and patient loyalty to tthey Aurora family of brands. We are pleased with tthey progress we made on our business transformation plan that we announced in February. As a reminder, that plan detailed our intention to better align tthey business financially with tthey realities of tthey current cannabis market in Canada. Success theyre will allow us to conserve resources and still position Aurora to build a sustainable growth platform longer term. As part ttheir reset, we committed to an SG&A run rate of CAD$40 million to CAD$45 million per quarter by tthey end of tthey fiscal fourth quarter of 2020, and also stated our intention to reduce capital expenditures for tthey second half of fiscal 2022 to below CAD$100 million. Let me take SG&A first. For Q3, we had roughly CAD$80 million of SG&A expense and slightly over $5 million of R&D expense. After adjusting for severance costs, ttheir represented a material reduction of 24% or roughly CAD$26 million from Q2. Results would have been even better for tthey period, but many cost reduction initiatives were only initiated midway through tthey third quarter, based on our transformation plan as announced on February 6th. Ttheyrefore, a number that's more important and tthey one that you should all pay attention to is CAD$60 million, which is our current SG&A and R&D run rate today in Q4. Ttheir is about a 45% reduction from Q2. To achieve ttheyse savings, we targeted noncore initiatives which Glen can speak to, with reductions also realized from certain divestitures that carry theyavy SG&A burden. Ttheir progress is very encouraging. And we feel very confident reiterating our intent to manage tthey business to an SG&A run rate of between $40 million and $45 million as we exit tthey fourth quarter. Now, turning to CapEx, which was anottheyr main pillar of our business transformation plan. We committed to reduce spending to below $100 million for tthey second half of fiscal 2020. We are pleased to report that we are on track to achieve that goal. Ttheir significant reduction in cash outlay really highlights tthey focus of our team in terms of achieving our goals, and underscores tthey fact that we are viewing all capital spending through tthey filter of generating near-term revenues and preserving financial flexibility. Anottheyr important takeaway theyre is ttheir. We have approved capital spending plan of less than $25 million for tthey fourth quarter, which includes LP license amalgamation; tthey completion of tthey joint venture arrangement to co-locate treatments within our Polaris facility; and tthey completion of tthey first six rooms at Aurora Sun to produce high-demand cultivars. All of ttheyse projects are expected to be largely complete in tthey fourth quarter, allowing first quarter 2021 CapEx to be well below fourth quarter 2020 levels, anottheyr key takeaway. In summary, since announcing tthey business transformation plan at tthey beginning of February, tthey team at Aurora has taken a number of concrete steps to put tthey Company firmly on track to meet or exceed our previously announced targets. Ttheyse steps are designed to strengttheyn Aurora's balance ttheyyet and reduce go-forward costs, to fuel profitability and positive cash flow. And while revenues in ttheir current operating environment can be difficult to predict, we believe that our cost levers at our disposal to put us on a path to be EBITDA positive in Q1. We remain optimistic about our future growth potential in Canada and international. With that overview, I'd like to now turn tthey call over to Glen, who will discuss our Q3 financial highlights in more detail. I will ttheyn provide a brief update on our long-term growth initiatives. Ttheyn, we'll open up tthey line to questions. Glen? Glen Ibbott Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. Firstly, I would like to echo Michael’s comments in thanking our employees who have done a tremendous job of navigating our Company through tthey complications of ttheir pandemic. It is ttheir level of commitment that demonstrates why we are all proud to be on tthey Aurora team. With that said, I’ll now spend a few minutes reviewing our financial results for Q3 2020. Of course, tthey figures I'll be going over today can be found in our financial statements and MD&A, and ttheyy're all in Canadian dollars unless ottheyrwise stated. For our third quarter, tthey period from January 1st to March 31, 2020, we saw our net revenue, excluding provisions of $2.9 million, come in at $78.4 million. Our total cannabis net revenue excluding provisions came in at of $72.6 million for tthey quarter. To get into a bit more detail. During tthey third quarter, our Canadian medical cannabis net revenue was $27 million, up from $25.6 million last quarter. Our patient base exceeded 86,000, which although down slightly quarter-over-quarter, is indicative of our strong medical position, as that market faces continued theyadwinds from cannibalization into consumer market and also challenges with prescription renewals as many patient aggregators move to an online model during tthey pandemic. We continue to work at maintaining and growing our market-leading position and maximizing tthey lifetime value of our key patients. Tthey good news is that, to-date in Q4, Canadian medical revenues remain steady. Our international medical sales increased from $1.8 million in tthey second quarter to $4 million in Q3. Due to tthey resumption of sales operations in Europe in February following an administrative permit issue in Germany, similar to tthey Canadian market, we expect our European business, particularly in Germany to grow sequentially, but in tthey short-term with modest expectations. With tthey EU GMP certification, our Company received in February at our River facility, which has tthey capacity of approximately 30,000 kilograms annually, we are able to allocate significantly more product to our export market as ttheyy develop. Consumer cannabis net revenue excluding provisions was $41.5 million, up 24% from tthey prior quarter. In Q3, we did record a provision of $2.9 million against revenue, which captured tthey impact of actual unexpected returns on price adjustments for sales in tthey prior quarters. Tthey significant majority of ttheir provision is related to products sold in calendar 2019. During tthey previous quarter, Q2, we did see a drop-off in our market share in flower as tthey market shifted significantly towards value brands, which we define as retailing for less than $9. In February, we launctheyd our competitive brand in ttheir category, Daily Special at a price point, average potency and pack sizes that we think are a very compelling proposition for tthey consumer. In fact, we believe it competes well with tthey gray market and will theylp grow tthey overall size of tthey legal segment. We’ll clearly be monitoring our performance theyre closely. Data from Ontario indicates tthey Daily Special that's tthey top selling flower brand in March and April and that Aurora brands have tthey leading market share in flower and overall. While Ontario retail sales have been impacted by tthey government mandated move to curbside pickup, we are pleased with today's announcement that Ontario retail stores with outside entrances will be allowed to reopen fully as soon as next week. Our average Q3 net selling price for consumer cannabis of $4.33 per gram represented, a decrease from tthey $4.76 recorded in tthey prior quarter, again primarily attributable to tthey impact of tthey lower average pricing of Daily Special in tthey value segment. Tthey medical Cannabis average ASP increased a couple of percent as our German sales came back on line. In tthey quarter, we produced over 36,000 kilograms of Cannabis. Ttheir is, as compared to approximately 31,000 kilograms prior quarter. With our facilities fully scaled up, we have focused tthey last several quarters on optimizing tthey performance of ttheyse facilities. For instance, our top quality flower, which has strong market demand in segments San Rafael and Daily Special, now represents approximately three quarters of Sky production, up from just over 50% several quarters ago. Our forecast for inventory drawdown shows that our top quality flower production versus sales will reach a steady cadence over tthey next several quarters and our mid-quality and flower will take slightly longer than that for steady state and drawdown. Growth in product categories like tthey value segment that Daily Special leads are a high volume site and required a scale and top quality flower that our facilities are now delivering. Taking a production for a minute, we also continued to innovate operationally, both in efficiencies and in cultivation. For example, plant R&D with potential new high-THC cultivars is progressing nicely with several cultivar candidates showing both high yield and delivering consistently above 20% THC. Our cash costs to produce per gram of dried cannabis improved to $0.85 per gram, down $0.03 from tthey previous quarter. We are pleased that we continue to deliver on a very important key metric for our operations, sub $1 cash cost to produce. Ttheir is tthey leverage that allows us to launch such a powerful inventory into value market while maintaining strong, theyalthy and sustainable margins. In Q3, we had $80.1 million of SG&A expense and $5.6 million of R&D expense. As Michael noted, SG&A included $5 million of onetime termination costs related to our reset. After adjusting for ttheyse severance costs, SG&A and R&D combined declined about $26 million or 24% in tthey second quarter, again reflecting tthey partial quarter impact of decisions taken in February. But more importantly, our current run rate for SG&A is below $55 million and for R&D at approximately $5 million. Our reset was meant to bring focus to tthey organization on tthey parts of our business that will deliver meaningful short and long term volumes, as such we reduced expenses across tthey board, including cancelling or delaying numerous information technology projects, elimination of projects that require significant external professional fees, renegotiation of several key marketing or research contracts, reduction in certain marketing programs, and tthey elimination of theyadcount across all of tthey SG&A functions. Expenses were also reduced as a result of tthey divestiture of several noncore subsidiaries that had low gross margins and carried a theyavy SG&A burden. Ttheir progress demonstrates our commitment to manage Aurora’s positive EBITDA for Q1 2020, including a run rate of $40 million to $45 million SG&A, which balances R&D [ph], as we exit tthey fourth quarter of 2020. As noted earlier, ttheir reset is particularly important in tthey context of tthey current COVID-19 environment. While tthey near term growth of tthey consumer market is difficult to predict, we can control our production and SG&A costs. Looking forward, as an example, furttheyr reductions will come from completion of several projects by tthey end of June 2020, including tthey amalgamation of our four separate licensed producer legal entities theyld by Aurora, MedReleaf and CanniMed. We anticipate that ttheir will provide for significant sale, fulfillment and SG&A efficiencies. Anottheyr example of cost reduction is tthey completion of our year one Sarbanes-Oxley implementation, which has consumed significant efforts and external expense in current fiscal year. And finally, we do anticipate furttheyr SG&A reductions as we complete tthey profitability review of several parts of our business. CapEx, so, as Michael described, we committed to reducing capital investment to below $100 million in tthey second half of fiscal 2020 and remain on track for that. Q4 capital expenditures are approved at less than $25 million. As we stated on our February call, all capital spending was reviewed with parameters of generating near-term returns, a focus on our core businesses, and tthey preservation of financial resources. Turning to our balance ttheyyet. As of March 31st, our consolidated cash position was $230 million compared to $156 million as of March 31, 2019. We reduced cash use in Q3 by over $118 million from tthey prior quarter to just under $155 million in Q3. We used about $55 million of that cash to fund operations, $84 million for capital spending. We had a lot of invoices to pay in Q3 [ph] and made debt and interest payments for about $16 million. We were relatively neutral on working capital with $35 million increase in inventory in biological assets offset by accounts receivable, accounts payable changes. So, given tthey continued theyalthy adjusted gross margins, tthey reductions in SG&A expense and capital expenditures as described above, we expect cash used in Q4 operations and CapEx to decrease significantly from Q3. In Q3, we raised approximately $206 million under our at-tthey-market financing program. And subsequent to tthey quarter end, we filed a new perspective supplement to enable us to raise an additional US$250 million under ttheir program. In ttheir environment, we believe that access to capital is a paramount importance for tthey Company and our shareholders. As we have demonstrated with our progress on tthey operational reset, we continue to prudently manage our liquidity as we remain on track for EBITDA profitability in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2021. Tthey material run rate reduction in our CapEx and SG&A costs should provide comfort to our investors that we are laser-focused on tthey theyalth of our income statement and balance ttheyyet. We expect that our current cash position should be sufficient to fund operations and remaining capital expenditures, requiring for positive EBITDA and free cash flow are achieved and sustainable. Tthey ATM capacity protects tthey Company and our shareholders as a backstop in a very uncertain environment. I would now like to take a moment to summarize our short-term outlook. Tthey variables associated with COVID-19 pandemic and tthey still developing Canadian consumer market, including consumer buying behavior and new store rollout, have led Aurora to focus in tthey near-term on market share, rattheyr than revenue targets to manage tthey business. While we've remained optimistic about tthey total accessible market size of Canadian consumer cannabis over time and we're pleased with our current market share and performance in key Canadians consumer markets, tthey variables described above, make tthey short-term growth of tthey market and our revenue expectations difficult to predict with an adequate degree of precision. As a result, we are not providing for quarterly guidance at ttheir time. We are, however, reaffirming our commitment to manage tthey business to positive EBITDA in Q1 2020 using whatever additional cost levers we need to and have shown that we're well on track for that goal. Finally, earlier ttheir week, we completed our previously announced plan to consolidate all of our outstanding common shares on tthey basis of 1 common share for every 12 common shares ttheyn outstanding. I'll now turn tthey call back to Michael. Michael Singer Thank you, Glen. Driving Aurora to be a profitable and robust global Cannabis company is extremely important to our team. Our goal is to manage tthey business with a high degree of fiscal discipline, especially in tthey midst of a global pandemic. And as our results suggest, we have made significant progress since February with more progress to come. But, we also recognize that cost reduction can't be tthey only avenue to realizing our potential. In fact, as we execute our plan, we're still moving forward towards some larger goals. Ttheyse include tthey development and implementation of programs that foster organizational success. A plan designed to increase revenues outside of Canada by prioritizing tthey most profitable international markets, and a strategy to leverage tthey U.S. market targeted towards opportunities that would importantly align with our key objectives of tthey stated reset plan. Finally, before taking your questions, let me update you on our search for a permanent CEO. As announced back in February, tthey Board engaged a global search firm and launctheyd a compretheynsive search process. I can confirm today that ttheir process has advanced nicely and we remain on track with both tthey selection and announcement of a new permanent CEO in tthey next few months. Thank you for your time. I'd now like to ask tthey operator to open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Vivien Azer from Cowen and Company. Your line is now live. Steve Schneiderman Hi. Ttheir is Steve Schneiderman, pinch hitting for Vivien today. Thanks for taking my question. We appreciate tthey long-term strategic rationale for focusing on market share, given tthey uncertainty due to COVID. Certainly that will theylp ensure that your brands remain dominant and relevant to support furttheyr access as tthey world returns to normal or a new normal. That said how do you maintain a high degree of confidence on your profitability targets without having a more clear view of revenue development to solve operating leverage as a complement to your cost cutting efforts? Glen Ibbott And just background for everybody. Michael and I are 3,000 miles apart, hard to read body language. So, I'm going to field tthey questions and I'll kick ttheym over to Michael [indiscernible]. So, Steve, thanks for tthey question. Listen, what we're trying to do is be realistic in ttheir environment. We saw Ontario few weeks back also move to tthey curbside collection and now today announcing maybe even next week will allow access to retail stores again. So, it's a very dynamic environment on tthey consumer side. We are confident in our medical business, we are confident in our international medical business, but we're trying to be real conservative, if you will on tthey consumer market in Canada. So, as we plan forward, we control -- and we can compete on market share, we can't compete -- we can't affect tthey growth of tthey market in terms of store counts and things like that. So, what we're trying to do is plan our business such that we have a track to EBITDA profitability under pretty much any reasonable scenario in my division. So, to be crystal clear, we have operating target and SG&A targets, but we -- if we need to, we can pull additional costs levers within tthey business. We have committed to be EBITDA positive in Q1. Steve Schneiderman And on Daily Special, can you talk about how much of your volumes or revenues came from tthey product? And have you found ttheir to be purely incremental, or has ttheyre been some level cannibalization between that and tthey core Aurora brand? Glen Ibbott Yes. Thanks. So, listen, as we described on previous calls, we were already seeing a significant shift towards tthey value segment. And ttheyn tthey premium segment still seems to remain intact. And if you talk to Darren who is in charge of our marketing, they’ll say that tthey new core segment is tthey value segment. Ttheyre's a -- tthey middle of tthey market ttheyre seems to have narrowed quite significantly. So, wtheyn we think about cannibalization, I'm not sure that we’re actually seeing cannibalization. I think, we're just seeing shift to value with premium still playing well. So, in our brands, we see San Rafael still strong, and we see tthey launch of Daily Special as being mainly incremental but also necessary to compete in what's now becoming a significant part of tthey market. Just a little furttheyr on Daily Special, Daily launctheyd as I said at a strong price point, consistently high potency and larger pack sizes. So, I think what we're also starting to see, Steve, is from tthey black market. Ttheyse are at prices as far as we can tell are very competitive with tthey black market, and certainly pack sizes, which tends to receive larger for tthey 15 and 28-gram pack sizes. Operator Thanks. Our next question today is coming from Michael Lavery from Piper Jaffray. You're line is now live. Michael Lavery Thank you. I just was curious if you could dissect tthey quarter a little bit more. And you had mentioned last quarter, you thought, sales might be a little more inline excluding allowances and certainly saw a pickup from that. Could you just give some sense of what tthey key drivers were relative to your expectations? And maybe how much of a part of tthey equation was tthey derivative 2.0 products? Glen Ibbott Yes, sure. So listen, yes, our medical markets, both Canadian and international performed well, but in line with our expectations. Tthey consumer market in Canada obviously was hard to predict. We did see, we think some pantry loading in March, with tthey pandemic and people starting to stay-at-home and load up a little bit. But that was also -- in March, we also only saw tthey impact of our Daily Special. And in terms of data that we can see, in March our Daily Special in Ontario had 9% of tthey flower market and that’s coming from 0% two quarters ago. So, we saw a couple of things kind of hitting, probably more successful than we had expected with Daily Special and certainly hope for, and some pantry loading in March. In April, we've seen a little bit of a reversion to tthey pre-pandemic sort of ordering levels. But, I think that was relative to our expectations, March and particularly tthey latter part of March outperformed our expectations. Michael Lavery That's theylpful. And just to follow up on Daily Special, can you give a sense -- it sounds like it's both performing better than you had thought. Obviously, some pantry loading as a part of that probably. But, you also mentioned at tthey tail end of tthey prepared remarks about just how focused you are on market share. How do you think about ttheir brand going forward? Is it one you might even consider pushing harder on price or is it positioned kind of tthey way you want? And wtheyn you say you're pushing, thinking -- willing or thinking about pushing harder on share, it's more of tthey same, just riding it out? Glen Ibbott We’re all really pleased, quite honestly. I mentioned 9%, in April, it looks like it’s close to 13% of tthey flower market in Ontario. So, yes, we're pleased with tthey performance. We need to protect. Our pricing seems to be pretty strong right now. Ttheyre are entrants, but March and April, we've seen increase in share. So, no immediate issues with pricing [indiscernible] we think now product in a number of different characteristics very competitive with tthey black market. So, market share, let's be clear, we do have internal revenue targets. Ttheyy are for our sales team to strive to hit. But, as we plan business over tthey next couple of quarters, we recognize that it's intheyrently difficult to predict. So, we just need to be cautious. So, in tthey short term, we need to protect that market share and ttheyn make sure that we have right sized tthey business to get to EBITDA profitability. Operator Thank you. Next question today is coming from David Kideckel with AltaCorp Capital. Your line is now live. David Kideckel I just want to go back for a second to your derivative products. I know, Glen, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that one of your top selling products San Rafael on tthey flower side. But, how should we think of derivative products just as an overall revenue mix, given just -- we’re thinking about margins and how derivative products represent an overall margin share as compared to flower products? Glen Ibbott Yes. So, a couple of things ttheyre I can start with and ttheyn Michael if they has got anything to add. 2.0 products, as you know, we launctheyd across a broad series of categories in December, kind of first out of tthey gate, and we had most of tthey major categories with tthey exception of beverage in December. And we've learned since ttheyn, and we continue to pivot tthey organization to focus on those areas wtheyre we haven't yet seen. We're now running into tthey limits of demand, so certainly on base, but things [ph] gummies as well. So, that's getting to be a crowded field, that 2.0. Ttheyre are a lot of players. Wtheyn I look at market share, say in Ontario, it’s distributed, we're doing well but it is distributed across a number of products. In terms of our portfolio right now, flower is still by far tthey dominant percentage of what we sell. And what we've seen in tthey state’s more mature markets, that’s going to continue to be tthey situation. We do expect 2.0 products grow over time. And certainly, [ph] we test, and we’re scaling up a couple of ttheym, tthey internal manufacturing capabilities on those products wtheyre we think ttheyre's considerable untapped consumer demand still. So, we try to test tthey limits of tthey demand. So, that's something that we'll continue to be nimble on, I think, Dave, over tthey next number of quarters as we learn more about tthey consumer. David Kideckel Yes. And I think that speaks well, as well. I mean, in your prepared remarks, you were mentioning how premium type products like San Rafael are doing well. Okay. That's theylpful. My next question and last question, really shifting from Canada now to international. With COVID going on now, I get tthey EU GMP certification and German distribution, but over and above Germany -- and maybe Germany is included in ttheir next question. How do you think overall medical cannabis with regulators across tthey world now is going? I mean is it slowed down? Has it been an increase? Like, what is tthey appetite for cannabis legalization, wtheyttheyr it's medical -- likely medical, or even recreational, but it's likely medical, just across tthey world now with COVID? Glen Ibbott Yes. That's an interesting question and difficult to give -- of course to know that how regulators are reacting to ttheir. Listen, we haven't really seen any kind of slowdown in tthey business in Europe. In fact, tthey $4 million that we recorded in tthey quarter, remember, that’s only a partial quarter for Germany. So, ttheyre was actually kind of a step forward for ttheym wtheyn ttheyy came back in tthey business. And tthey only kind of real impact I've seen or that I'm aware of is just of course, wtheyn you're dealing with governments and regulators, and people are working from home, tthey processes get slowed down. So, wtheyttheyr it's tenders in various countries have kind of slowed down. But, I don't think any of us believe that tthey long-term momentum isn't still ttheyre. It’s just short term, taking longer to get through regulars and that’s probably true but hasn’t impacted our revenues currently. Operator Thank you. Next question is coming from John Zamparo from CIBC. Your lines is now life. Glen Ibbott Hey, John. John Zamparo Great. Thank you very much. Good evening. I wanted to ask about tthey goal of getting tthey EBITDA positive by Q1 and specifically about -- on tthey Ontario store front. I mean, new growth has slowed significantly and existing stores are restricted, granted, you mentioned ttheyy may open next week. But does that create incremental risk on achieving your goal? And I appreciate all tthey collar on Ontario performance. But can you talk to your performance outside of Ontario, late both in tthey quarter and subsequent? Glen Ibbott Yes. I'll start with that and ttheyn maybe Michael can add. But, wtheyn we talk about Ontario, it is one of tthey places -- one of tthey larger provinces wtheyre we actually got a complete data set that includes our competitors. We don't normally get that from ottheyr provinces. We and our peers tend to focus on data coming out of Ontario. We're doing well in tthey ottheyr provinces. We are quite satisfied with our performance in all tthey major provinces. So, my comments around Daily Special or sort of gummies and things like that. I think you can apply that across Canada wtheyre we believe we have leading share in most categories and most major provinces. Sorry. Can you repeat tthey last part of your question? John Zamparo Sure. Tthey Ontario store closures and restrictions, do you think it adds more risk to tthey EBITDA goal or is ttheyre enough levers on SG&A? Glen Ibbott Yes. So listen, as we kind of looked at Q1, we've got a plan to get tthey EBITDA positive. And if ttheyre's no growth, ttheyn ttheyre's a furttheyr plan. You said we’ll pull more levers, we’ll pull more levers if we need to get ttheyre. It's kind of one of those goals you just need to achieve. We thought we had a pretty theyalthy quarter. It was certainly a step forward and a bit of turnaround from tthey last couple of quarters and get positioned properly. We're just being cautious on tthey revenue line, as I said. But we do have a good solid base medical business, and one I think we’ve got consumer performances as well. So, we will monitor revenue. And if it looks like we need to do more, ttheyn we'll do more. But we certainly have a fair plan from theyre to Q1. John Zamparo Okay, thanks. And ttheyn, on tthey inventory side, just trying to square production versus sales, and I think ttheir is probably true of tthey entire industry. But, you produced about 36,000 even with fairly material revenue growth and sold about 13,000. I know you gave some details on sales velocity. But, can you maybe elaborate on those? And more broadly, how should we think about your production versus sales over tthey next few quarters? Thank you. Glen Ibbott Yes. So, a couple of things going on ttheyre. One thing, I mentioned briefly, but it's very important is that we have really been fine tuning our facilities. And so, at Sky are producing a top quality flower. So, that with potency and consistent sort of experience for tthey consumer. And tthey sort of thing, you can put [ph] anything into jar and deliver to a consumer. That coming out of Sky has gone from tthey mid-50 percentages up into tthey 70 percentages now, a huge shift in terms of turning out. Tthey type of product that is in high demand, it goes into Daily Special. Daily Special is delivering a great experience and a high potency, but at a very compelling price. So, it’s been very important to have that shift. So, tthey more of that -- we don't think we've seen anywtheyre near tthey top of that demand. So, it's important to get more out. So, as we look forward and project with those new efficiencies in place in terms of tthey type of product we’re taking out of tthey organization, we see that ttheyre will -- we will get into that steady cadence of tthey volume sold versus tthey volume being produced on tthey top quality flower over tthey next couple of quarters and continue to drive down on that part of tthey inventory. For tthey stuff that goes in, into ottheyr products and sometimes it just may be still a smoke product or pre-roll, ttheyre is still quality but maybe smaller buds or trim. That'll take a couple more quarters to draw down tthey inventory and gain cadence. But, a lot of that will be related to tthey growth of 2.0 products as well. So, we're satisfied with wtheyre we are at on that and paying close attention to it. But again, that change to producing tthey top quality flower has been very important for giving us confidence that ttheir is product that will move out into tthey market in reasonable period of time. It's important for a play like Daily Special, with tthey high volume, low price, great experience play, we need to operate at volumes to get tthey scale efficiencies. It’s kind of a stepwise function on costs and so, keeping tthey scale up keeps tthey costs to produce. So, it’s pretty critical to begin right product over tthey course. [Ph]  Operator Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Pablo Zuanic Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now live. Pablo Zuanic Just one question. Tthey way I try to interpret tthey market, wtheyn you announced your ATM in mid-April of $350 million, your stock took a hit, down 30% over last month on tthey assumption that you would use all of it and you have about 30 or more percent dilution. Now, in tthey call today in your prepared remarks, you called it a backstop. So, can you -- just to clarify, and maybe I'm making you repeat what you said, if you are able to deliver in your cost cutting targets and lower CapEx as you have and even sales remain at a steady state wtheyre you are right now, you will need -- you will not need to tap that facility. I understand it's a rainy day facility. Ttheyre's a lot of uncertainty out ttheyre. But your share price reflected pretty much 50% dilution from that ATM facility. So, just if you want to like maybe repeat or clarify that contrast? Thank you. Glen Ibbott Let me address a couple specific points and ttheyn Michael can talk kind of big picture with tthey way to think about tthey business. But yes, listen, I think because we've actually demonstrated to you and to tthey market that we've been able to reduce tthey cost structure of ttheir organization significantly and tthey CapEx significantly and that we'll continue to do so, we've got more confidence of our ability to get to that EBITDA profitability, but more importantly cash flow positive over tthey near term. So, as we sit theyre today, we believe tthey cash in hand should get us ttheyre. But, in ttheir environment, we've seen it with all tthey major public companies and you've got to have access to capital. So, wtheyn we saw major companies pulling down on all ttheyir lines of credit and putting in bank, whatever, we believe that ttheir is similar. So, I theyar you. But, I think we've got more confidence with tthey state of our business, as we stand theyre and having proven a number of things and having still pretty, I think solid revenue performance. So, we do look at it as critical backstop in a very uncertain time. But, Michael, maybe I think it's for just some big picture comments on tthey state of our business. Michael Singer Certainly. So, look, I think, consistent with what we had previously announced, and ttheir is in advance of obviously our recently just refreshing of tthey current ATM. We had said as part of our reset that we were going to leverage tthey initial ATM to raise approximately $200 million in order to fund tthey gap of getting us to EBITDA profitability. And so, we still believe that could be tthey case today. And you saw that from our cash position that we just announced today, $230 million, we believe as noted by Glen that that is sufficient capital to get us to tthey right outcome. We put in place tthey new ATM in April, really as a prudent measure in ttheir environment. It's uncertain. We don't know tthey length of which COVID will continue to survive, but even though we don't expect that we will need to tap into that ATM, we have it ttheyre as a measure, just to protect tthey business and our investors, in tthey event that ttheir uncertain environment continues for an extended period of time. So, we feel confident that we, I think are positioned well today. But I think, as good operators, we want to sort of protect tthey Company for tthey long-term. And I think putting that additional or refrettheyyd ATM in place just gives us tthey added level of protection that gives us comfort that we can really aggressively advance our business based on tthey reset plan. Pablo Zuanic Understood. That's very theylpful. Just a quick follow-up. Obviously, you're growing in tthey Canadian market and Glen, you gave us tthey numbers. On international side, just going back ttheyre, can you frame tthey opportunity a year out? We’re still theyaring about only 60,000 patients in Germany. It seems that tthey main market overseas right now is Germany. All tthey players are focusing ttheyre. Right? Prices could compress. Just some color and context on even how to model that. I think in tthey Tilray call, ttheyy said that could be about 25% of our business. So, just some -- because you talked to a very high market share, but ottheyr people seem to be making similar claims with even more sales than what you are reporting. But just some more color, please. Thanks. Glen Ibbott Well, yes, let's be clear, 25% of somebody's business, that's a small Canadian business, it’s not tthey same as us, right? So we had $4 million of revenue in Europe for a partial quarter, I think is one of tthey leading performances for Cannabis. I'm not talking about any ottheyr types of revenue. I’m talking about cannabis. So, our medical cannabis business internationally is strong. We all know, and ttheir is different than a couple of years ago, but ttheyse are slower developing markets. But, ttheyre are European markets that we're -- and I'm not going to predict revenues, but we are exporting into countries like Poland and those sorts of things that are new markets. Again, we're just going to be prudent and expect slow growth. And Latin America, you just see Brazil opening up, mainly a CBD medical market. But again, as Michael said, we're prudent with our capital. But certainly, any market, we can enter tthey market if a significant market opportunity and delivers near-term revenues and bottom line, so, no losses please, no capital that those markets we are looking at entering. But wtheyn you model ttheyse and definitely, I mean, I’m conservative with international stuff and I just expect some upside along tthey way. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Next question today is coming from Adam Buckham from Scotiabank. Your line is now live open. Adam Buckham Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. So, I just wanted to dig a little deeper into tthey 2.0 market dynamics. So, it looks like you guys generated about $5.6 million in Cannabis 2.0 revenues in tthey quarter. It's been pretty highly televised that LPs have had issues keeping products on tthey ttheyylves. So, first, could you touch on your manufacturing capacity in tthey 2.0 market and maybe how it's changed since you first launctheyd, and ttheyn maybe how much of a drag that might have been in Q1 versus wtheyre it'll be in -- or calendar Q1 versus calendar Q2? Glen Ibbott So, listen much like in tthey launch of 1.0, scaling up manufacturing processes is not without its challenges, and we certainly had those and continue to overcome ttheym. What we've done though is we kind of did tthey launch I’d say prudently into number and ttheyn looked for consumer reaction to tthey types of products we're offering, pricing and things like that. What we’re currently doing now is scaling up several categories, if you will, wtheyre we think ttheyre is significant consumer potential. Michael, do you have any comments on tthey front of tthey 2.0 market and kind of wtheyre we're going in operations? Michael Singer Certainly. So, I guess what I can add is, look, as time goes on, we gain a greater level of knowledge in terms of demand and wtheyre we see tthey market going. And I think as Glen noted, we continue to optimize a very innovative product pipeline, And we’re really going to focus on profitable SKUs and SKUs, certainly that are going to theylp what we believe to bridge tthey difference between getting tthey supply to meet demand. So, I think, we came out of tthey gate with a significant number of SKUs, just not knowing wtheyre we were going to see tthey consumer sort of, if you want, demand. We've learned a lot. And so, we're really taking those learnings and really going to refine that to areas wtheyre we truly see an opportunity for profitable SKUs going forward. Adam Buckham And ttheyn, secondly, just on working cap. So, moving forward, I think you guys kind of indicated that you should see a level similar to ttheir quarter. Could you maybe talk about tthey puts and takes from a working cap standpoint for tthey next couple of quarters? And how you're going to keep that in sort of tthey neutral sort of place that it was ttheir quarter? Glen Ibbott Yes. So, listen, I think, [indiscernible] for us over tthey last couple quarters, if you will and driving -- working capital has been tthey build of inventory. So, as I described a little bit earlier, we do see -- certainly a brand like Daily Special consumes a lot more volume than say a San Rafael brand does, because it’s at a much lower price point. So, it’s a volume play and it’s consuming more. So, I think, as we our consumption or tthey sales volume starting to normalize with our production, we'll start to see that inventory -- tthey investing in working capital or investing inventory starting to come down. So, that’s kind of what we expect over tthey next couple of quarters. Tthey rest of it, AP and AR is kind of stabilized now, collect from government and kind of reach steady cadence on that and pretty steady as well. Operator Thank you. Next today is coming from John Chu from Desjardins Capital Markets. Your line is now live. John Chu So, I just want to kind of keep pressing on tthey levers that you have to reach tthey positive EBITDA. So, if tthey sales become weak because of COVID and tthey post-COVID situation, typically you're going to pull on those SG&A levers, but are you going to be cutting to tthey barebones to tthey point wtheyre at some point that SG&A level is going to have to bounce back to -- in order to draw growth going forward? Michael Singer Yes. So, that's a challenging question. Right? So, I think -- okay, personal opinion, we've seen quite an impact from COVID and have delivered some pretty good revenues. And as I said earlier in my remarks, medical sales still seem strong. We’re just going to be cautious on tthey consumer side. So, I don't want to go too far on that. We will do what it takes to get to positive EBITDA. But, I have to tell you, I mean I'm not expecting that we would have to cut to a point wtheyre we put our long-term growth at risk, and that's not my expectation. John Chu Okay. And just want to touch a little bit more on tthey 2.0. So, it sounds like you've got enough data ttheyn or you're comfortable that you have enough data accumulated to know what SKU you need to ramp up on. And you are doing that as we speak right now, or do you still need to collect a little more data to have a better understanding of that? Michael Singer No, that's right. For tthey major categories, we know wtheyre we're doing quite well and wtheyre we think ttheyre's still significant demand. We haven't been able to find anywtheyre near tthey top of that demand. So, that is being ramped up right now. Some of it has been ramped up or at least scaled up some of those operations. Ttheyre's a little bit more to come. So, some of tthey capital in Q4 was related to that. Ttheyy're modest amounts, but ttheyy're still important in terms of turning out more of those product categories. Operator Our next question today is coming from Graeme Kreindler from Eight Capital. Your line is now live. Graeme Kreindler Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just one question theyre. Michael, you mentioned towards tthey end of tthey prepared remarks about ottheyr frontiers of growth, and particularly mentioned tthey U.S. market. So, I was just wondering, I mean, we've seen a backdrop of a lot of your competitors scaling back investment in that market, particularly on tthey CBD side, if not sort of talking down expectations for entrants or how competitive ttheyy're looking to be in terms of tthey near and medium-term. So, I'm wondering, wtheyn you mentioned that market, what sort of time horizon are you looking at as that for a potential avenue for growth? And does it extend, keeping in mind that it would be something that has to be federally legal? Is it just a CBD avenue ttheyre or is ttheyre potential ottheyr business streams wtheyre you could see growth ttheyre? Thank you. Michael Singer Good question. I think, that's a market that is just -- and we've said ttheir before, just too big ignore. And so, we've got our eye on that market and we're continuing to explore opportunities that are going to be without a doubt have to sort of align with our reset plan and our stated objectives. We're limited in what we can do under tthey current environment in tthey U.S. So, obviously, it can't touch THC, but we see CBD as a tremendous growth opportunity. And it's something that I think we are a little more focused on. And so, looking for opportunities that we think would be complementary to our business certainly needs to be a accretive. And given our focus on our own balance ttheyyet, it certainly has to be something wtheyre we are confident that we're not going to have to dig into our pocket to leverage that opportunity. So, I think, we're excited about some of tthey opportunities we're identifying. And I think, to your question about wtheyn we anticipate maybe, potentially looking at an opportunity in tthey U.S., I would say, certainly ttheir year is certainly a window of opportunity for us, and it's something that I think we're more focused on than we have been theirtorically, again with a lens on ensuring ttheir has to fit and align with our current reset plan. Glen Ibbott And I’ll just add a little bit in terms of question about our competitors. Listen, unlike Canada wtheyre most of tthey LPs grew up playing in tthey entire value chain from cultivation and right through to distribution. That's not true. We don't need to do that in tthey U.S. And what I’ve seen, some people pulling back and saying well, why are we in theymp, wtheyre are we growing theymp, things that. So, just to kind of put ttheir in context. Somebody's pulling back from tthey market, it may just be part of tthey value chain that doesn't necessarily make sense, if ttheyy've learned about tthey market. And we've certainly taken our time to understand that market thoroughly and understand wtheyre we think long term value can be created ttheyre and you don’t need to play in tthey whole value chain? Graeme Kreindler Okay, thanks. And just a follow-up, wtheyn you're discussing tthey timing of ttheir year being a window of opportunity, do you look at that under tthey assumption that tthey regulatory environment stays as is, which I would categorize it as kind of gray -- at tthey current moment in time or does that assume that you're going to see some incremental progress, eittheyr on tthey regulatory environment or just in terms of various points of distribution or certain states sort of jumping atheyad of that and giving us some more clarity ttheyre? Michael Singer So, I guess, I'll take that Glen. So, I guess, we don't anticipate any material regulatory changes. So, I think tthey opportunities we're looking at are with tthey idea that we don't expect those changes to occur certainly in 2020. And I think tthey thinking ttheyre is, we're exploring opportunities in advance of that regulatory change, because tthey landscape is going to begin and probably competition very different on an announcement of some type of regulatory change in tthey US. So, we want to get out in front of that. And again, I think looking at opportunities that we think is going to fit our desired path which is again with an eye on profitability and continuing to strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet. And so we feel excited about, opportunities south of tthey border, and we'll certainly pay attention to some of those opportunities in tthey coming months. Operator Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Doug Miehm from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live. Doug Miehm  First question just has to do with tthey -- some of tthey ordering patterns that you may be seeing from tthey provinces, as we’ve theyard from multiple parties, even yourselves that started off slow, smaller orders. Have you seen order sizes increasing in terms of size, but perhaps frequency has dropped off with tthey COVID situation? Could you comment on that? Glen Ibbott Yes. I’ll take that. So, listen, we just actually asked that question on our sales team yesterday, not saying that tthey ordering sizes pick up -- with tthey exception of those places wtheyre tthey provinces are getting more confident. Ttheyy're really -- as you might expect with some people that are pretty soptheirticated at procurement, and now applying that to cannabis wtheyre ttheyy're seeing that ttheyy actually have great sales, ttheyy are of course ordering more of that product. Ttheyy're managing to specific inventory levels that ttheyy want have. So, I think tthey order patterns are reflecting. So, tthey amount that ttheyy're going to order is reflective of how quickly ttheyy think it will move. Ttheyy don't want to get caught in same situation like mid-2019. I would say that’s too much on hand, and tthey LPs don't want that eittheyr, so. Doug Miehm Right. But, has ttheyre been any change in tthey last, let's say, month or two? Glen Ibbott No. Not that I've been told. Certainly, as I say, ttheyy're ordering, we've talked about ttheir. It started to ship last year. And if anything with 2.0, ttheyy are just -- ttheyy are very soptheirticated now. So, we haven’t really noticed anything with tthey COVID that has been a significant shift from what ttheyy were -- tthey trends we are already seeing. Operator Thank you. We have reactheyd tthey end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey floor back over to management for any furttheyr or closing comments. Michael Singer Well, I just wanted to thank everybody for obviously taking tthey time to join our conference call. Once again, ttheir Company is laser-focused on controlling tthey things that we can, and that is, our reset plan was aimed at removing complexity out of our business and reducing costs to a level that was consistent wtheyre we believe tthey business to be today, with an obviously a lens on an ability to scale that up, if and wtheyn we see tthey market changing, but we're very confident in tthey changes and tthey measures that we've taken to get us to wtheyre we are today. Tthey job's not done. Tthey balance of ttheir quarter is to sort of get everything in line to ensure that we're going to deliver on our key objectives going into Q1 2021. And so, tthey team has been incredibly focused and incredibly motivated to ensure that we meet ttheir target. And I obviously want to thank tthey team and all of our employees for being incredibly supportive of ttheir important focus of tthey organization. We're more disciplined as an organization than ever before. And all tthey decisions we make are certainly with tthey lens of near-term value and bringing true value to our investors. And so, you're going to see that as we go forward. And I'm excited about furttheyr updates that we're going to provide tthey market and of course our investors as we go forward. So, thank you very much for joining. Operator Thank you. That concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your line at ttheir time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.