Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q4 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call September 12, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Cam Battley - Chief Corporate Officer Michael Singer - Executive Chairman Terry Booth - Chief Executive Officer Glen Ibbott - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tamy Ctheyn - BMO Capital Markets Matt Bottomley - Canaccord Genuity Steven Schneiderman - Cowen and Company Douglas Miehm - RBC Capital Markets Christoptheyr Carey - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brett Hundley - Seaport Global Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann Graeme Kreindler - Eight Capital Andrew Carter - Stifel Financial Corp. John Chu - Desjardins Capital Operator Good morning, everyone. Welcome to tthey Aurora Cannabis Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2019 Conference Call for tthey three months ending June 30, 2019. During today's call, Aurora will be referring to an earnings presentation, which listeners are encouraged to download from tthey financial reports section of tthey company's investor website, investor.aurormj.com. Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed in today's conference call or answers that may be given to questions asked, could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to tthey risks and uncertainties relating to Aurora's future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect results are detailed in Aurora's annual information form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may be accessed via SEDAR and EDGAR databases. I would like to remind everyone that ttheir call is being recorded today, Thursday, September 12, 2019. I would now like to introduce Mr. Cam Battley, Chief Corporate Officer of Aurora Cannabis. Please go atheyad, Mr. Battley. Cam Battley Thanks very much operator. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining today's call. With me today are our Chief Executive Officer, Terry Booth; our Chief Financial Officer, Glen Ibbott; and our Executive Chairman, Michael Singer. For today's call, I'll start by discussing some of our operational highlights and ttheyn Glen will discuss our financial results. I'll ttheyn briefly return to present our outlook for tthey rest of tthey year and beyond and ttheyn we'll take your questions. As we do every quarter, we'll start with a few initial framing comments before shifting into tthey formal comments. As mentioned by tthey operator I'd like to draw everyone's attention to tthey dashboard of key performance indicators that we provided, once again viewable on our investor website @investor.auroramj.com. Ttheir is a really useful tool. One of our innovations, essentially a green light, yellow light, and red light tool to theylp track tthey company's performance. And as you'll see, most of tthey KPIs are in tthey green, and we've highlighted two that we've identified as yellow. We'll speak to each of ttheyse in more detail, but for now I'd like to focus on tthey big picture for Aurora in our fiscal Q4, tthey quarter ending ttheir past June 2019. And it was yet anottheyr strong quarter for ACB. Among tthey highlights, included continued growth across all our distribution channels, Canadian Medical, Canadian Consumer, and International Medical, a massive increase in kilograms produced, increasing 86% quarter-over-quarter. A furttheyr 20% decrease in our cash cost to produce, now reaching $1.14 per gram. And I should note that at our flagship highly automated Aurora Sky facility at Edmonton International Airport we're producing at about a buck a gram with furttheyr improvements anticipated. In addition, our gross margin improved by a furttheyr 3% reaching 58%. Tthey two KPIs that we've designated as yellow, our average net selling price per gram and our SG&A. And we wanted to call ttheym out as a matter of transparency. Tthey reasons for ttheir are as follows: our average net selling price per gram which we'll get into in more detail a little bit later, came down as a result of actually increased sales in tthey consumer market, as well as some bulk wholesale sales that we actually managed to achieve a very attractive margin on higtheyr than our overall gross margin. And ttheyn our SG&A obviously is increasing a little bit at 9%. It is higtheyr than it was in tthey last quarter at 1% growth, but I think that's explainable in large part because we are theyading into essentially Cannabis 2.0 with tthey new product forms coming onboard toward tthey end of ttheir year. I also want to acknowledge that we slightly missed our guidance on our overall net revenue. We projected $100 million to $107 million in overall net revenue. We came in 1% below that at approximately $99 million. That shouldn’t have happened. Tthey reason why it happened, we will discuss a little bit more, but it's essentially ttheyse things. One, ttheyse were not our core cannabis revenues. On our core cannabis revenues we came in right at tthey top of our guidance at $95 million. By tthey way, tthey largest revenue figure in a quarter that any cannabis company has ever recorded for cannabis revenues. And on tthey overall net revenues, we missed slightly based on our ancillary or non-cannabis revenue. A couple of reasons for that. One, those are more variable than our cannabis revenues. We also have a little bit less visibility into tthey performance of our non-cannabis units that are independent, that have a separate governance structure. And ttheyn finally, we actually required a lot of some of our ancillary companies and operations, specifically with respect to our analytical testing and our patient counseling, and we can't record revenue internally for intracompany transfers. Now, tthey big picture, and most important takeaways theyre, before we get into tthey formal comments, I'd emphasize tthey fact that we've establittheyyd at Aurora leadership in ttheir sector with respect to not just production, but also revenues on a global basis in terms of innovation and ttheir is tthey biggest quarter, tthey biggest revenue that any company in ttheir sector has ever recorded. So we're very pleased at tthey progress that we've made and now we'll shift into tthey formal comments. Now, tthey past year has been transformational for tthey cannabis industry overall. It is rapidly maturing into an establittheyyd operating industry. At Aurora, we prudently built a business that is efficient, scalable, and highly adaptable. We are a leader in markets around tthey world. We're committed to defining tthey future of cannabis globally and that commitment underpins everything we do. In tthey quarter Aurora continued to be a strong performer in tthey Canadian consumer market with leading market share and brand awareness. We achieved 52% growth in consolidated revenue compared to Q3, driven by a strong increase in production, particularly at Aurora Sky. While retail distribution in key provinces has been a constraint in fiscal 2019, we will see retail infrastructure expand in 2020 through tthey launch of new brick-and-mortar stores across Canada. With more stores, we expect to see furttheyr consumer engagement. Providing safe and reliable access to medical cannabis remains at tthey core of Aurora's business and our revenues from ttheir market increased 10% compared to Q3. Domestically, our patient roster increased by 10% to over 84,000 patients. Driving ttheir growth are continued referrals from our CanvasRx clinics and a network of over 60 clinic partners. Internationally, Aurora continues to be tthey leader and working closely with government regulators and policymakers to implement medical cannabis programs and open new markets. In Italy, we were selected as tthey only winner of a public tender that markets - to supply that market with medical cannabis for a period of two years. While tthey initial quantities are small, ttheir is an important opportunity to build our connection with patients, doctors, and pharmacies, who have come to know and appreciate our products over tthey past two years. Ttheir also underscores our ability to open new global markets by engaging with local governments and acting as a trusted partner as we continue to work to ensure patients have access to tthey high quality medicine that ttheyy need. As well, in addition to tthey two EU GMP, that's European Union Good Manufacturing Practices, certified facilities we currently operate, we are in tthey final stages of certification for our Aurora River and Aurora Vie facilities, one in Ontario and one in Québec. Ttheir will bring our EU GMP certified facilities count to four making us tthey licensed producer with tthey most EU GMP certifications, something that is rapidly becoming a global standard and ensuring our continued access to international markets wtheyre ttheir certification is simply a requirement. We recently announced our first major partnership in tthey United States market, our science driven partnership with tthey UFC, tthey mixed martial arts organization to study tthey effectiveness of CBD, cannabidiol as a treatment for pain and recovery in high performance athletes. Ttheir groundbreaking research will generate tthey data required to establish CBD as an accepted ttheyrapeutic ingredient. Tthey intellectual property from ttheir research will lead to tthey creation of science backed, theymp derived CBD products that will combat tthey rapidly growing market of untested CBD treatments. We're excited about tthey opportunities atheyad for us in tthey U.S. market and we'll continue to take a measured, but strategic approach to how we enter ttheir space. Furttheyring our scientific leadership, we also announced that we've begun cultivating cannabis outdoors. Tthey new sites at Aurora Eau in Québec and Aurora Valley in British Columbia will be used for cultivation research to develop new technologies, genetics and intellectual property to gain furttheyr efficiencies in our indoor grow facilities and advance learnings about cannabis cultivation. Ttheir is important work that needs to be done to ensure sustainable cannabis agricultural practices that are developed to safeguard both our environment and global consumers. Tthey first harvest of our outdoor grown cannabis is expected to occur later next week at Aurora Eau in Québec. Ttheir cannabis will be sent for extraction and furttheyr testing and we look forward to applying tthey learnings from ttheyse test sites to next year's crops. We're committed to defining tthey future of cannabis on a global basis and we're well on our way. While we may still be in tthey early innings of tthey cannabis industry, tthey work that we've accomplittheyyd to-date has created a company that is uniquely positioned to lead. And that concludes my opening remarks. I'd like to turn tthey call over to Glen now, who will discuss tthey financial highlights of tthey fourth quarter. Glen Ibbott Thanks Cam, and good morning everyone. My comments theyre today reflect tthey success that Aurora has achieved as we continue our focus on tthey execution of our business plan. Tthey figures I'll be going over can be found in our financial statements and MD&A and all are in Canadian dollars. As Cam mentioned our fourth quarter fiscal 2019 results showcased tthey drivers of our continued strong quarter-over-quarter growth. We reported total net revenue of $99 million, a 52% increase over tthey $65 million in tthey third quarter. Our cannabis net revenue was $95 million representing 61% sequential growth. Ttheir growth was predominantly fueled by additional production capacity and available supply from our Aurora Sky and Aurora River, formally MedReleaf Bradford, facilities which drove a $15 million increase in consumer cannabis net revenues, as well as an $18 million increase in tthey wholesale bulk cannabis trim sales. For tthey full 2019 fiscal year ending June 30, net revenue was $248 million. Of ttheir $226 million was cannabis net revenue, an increase of over 427% compared to tthey prior year. Our fourth quarter 2019 Canadian medical cannabis sales increased 9% to $25 million driven by our continued success in growing our patient base which currently stands just shy of 90,000 clients. International medical cannabis revenue for tthey quarter was $4.5 million, up 12% over tthey prior quarter. For tthey year ended June 30, 2019, overall medical cannabis net revenue increased by 150% to $107 million. Ttheir increase was primarily due to tthey addition of revenue from MedReleaf and CanniMed acquisitions, increased European sales, as well as a ramp up in production across our product facilities. During tthey fourth quarter our growth in tthey consumer cannabis market continued with net revenue of $45 million, an increase of 52% over tthey prior quarter. We finittheyyd tthey full fiscal year with $97 million in consumer cannabis revenue. As you'll note, our fiscal Q4 included approximately $20 million in wholesale bulk cannabis revenue. We sold cannabis trim for an average price of $3.61 and our margin is 61%. In tthey future, we expect to sell into tthey wholesale channel opportunistically and wtheyn pricing and terms are appropriate. We will caution against expecting bulk sales of tthey magnitude we achieved in Q4 2019 to be consistent or repeatable. However, we do maintain a focus on tthey bulk sales market and we do believe ttheyre will be furttheyr opportunities ttheyre in tthey future. Given our patient first commitment, and belief that medical cannabis should not be subject to excise tax, we continue to absorb tthey cost of ttheyse excise taxes on behalf of our medical cannabis patients. As a result, excise taxes negatively impacted our Canadian medical cannabis net revenue and gross margin by $3.3 million and 4% respectively. Let me address our reported revenue as compared to our updated outlook in August in a bit more detail. We reported at tthey top end of tthey range for our cannabis revenue at $95 million. Ttheir is our core business and we are proud to deliver such a strong quarter. However revenues from our ancillary businesses, particularly those that are purposely managed independently at arm's length were lower than expected. We had expected relative consistency from quarter-to-quarter, but wtheyn ttheyy reported into us we needed to eliminate significant and more revenue than expected for intercompany work. While we do not have day-to-day visibility in ttheyse businesses, we do need to improve our ability to forecast ttheyse businesses. However, because of tthey lumpiness of ttheyse revenues and ttheyir relative financial immateriality we are not including ttheym in future guidance. Now continue furttheyr down tthey P&L, our gross margin on cannabis net revenue increased to 58% in Q4 2019 to 55% in tthey prior quarter. Tthey increase in gross margin is primarily due to ongoing improvement in our production cash cost per gram. As Cam mentioned, our cash cost to produce per gram of dry cannabis decreased to $1.14 per gram down by $0.28 or 20% during tthey quarter as compared with tthey last quarter. Ttheir is primarily attributable to tthey positive impact of tthey greater economies of scale and manufacturing efficiencies achieved from tthey increase in production in tthey period particularly at Aurora Sky facility. On a standalone basis, our Sky facility is now in around $1 per gram and we expect furttheyr improvements in tthey coming quarters with resulted increases to our overall gross margin. We see our strength in highly efficient production and tthey resultant industry leading gross margins at quarter into success. It allows us tthey opportunity to continue to invest theyavily in tthey future growth of our business, at tthey same time is progressing towards positive EBITDA. During Q4 2019 Aurora produced just over 29,000 kilograms of dry cannabis as compared to 15,590 kilograms in Q3. With production from our higtheyr volume facilities increasing through tthey quarter, we expect to see a furttheyr increase in production in Q1 2020. We have also ramped up our internal extraction capacity and now have enough to meet our current and future needs. In Q4 we continued to invest in tthey corporate infrastructure and talent required for expansion and growth of market share globally. Tthey increase in SG&A expense compared to prior periods was primarily attributable to increased shipping and fulfillment costs related to higtheyr revenues and preparation for tthey launch of new products including product development and branding costs which includes our UFC research initiative. Reflecting tthey year-end audit adjustments that Cam mentioned earlier, our Q4 SG&A would have been about $88 million an increase of approximately $20 million over tthey prior quarter. We have built a diversified and vertically integrated company currently capitalizing on tthey tremendous opportunity of tthey global cannabis markets. In Q4 our reported adjusted EBITDA loss decreased $11.7 million as compared to $36.6 million in tthey prior quarter. Considering tthey impact of year-end audit adjustments we estimate our EBITDA loss to be approximately $25 million, an improvement of over 32% from tthey previous quarter. I am extremely happy with tthey underlying achievements we've made in tthey last nine months in driving toward our EBITDA target. We have more work to do, but I'd highlight that nearly all of our KPIs are showing sequential improvements. We saw previously identified production bottlenecks and we're seeing strong sell-through on our product at tthey retail level. Ttheyre are remaining constraints to tthey pace of growth in tthey Canadian market that we would like to see resolved, including tthey timing of currently approved and future retail stores. Tthey resolution of ttheyse constraints will impact tthey timing of our EBITDA positive target, but we do expect ttheyse constraints to become less of an issue over tthey next several quarters. As we continue to execute on our strategy, tthey company expects adjusted EBITDA to improve in tthey future due to higtheyr sales, improved gross margins and prudent SG&A growth. As at June 30, 2019, we have $218 million in cash and cash equivalents compared to $89 million last year. In August we announced tthey upsizing of our secured term debt facility to $360 million with an accordion feature for an additional $40 million of capacity. Furttheyr, as I'm sure many of you have seen on September 03, we announced tthey disposition of our remaining equity investment in Tthey Green Organic Dutchman generating approximately $86 million in gross proceeds. With ttheyse two transactions now closed, we believe we have more than adequate financial resources in tthey near-term to execute our growth plans. I should also note that we continue to evaluate our global capacity expansion. We have identified opportunities to defer certain CapEx as we rebalance tthey growth of demand with our increasing supply. We are continuing to build out our full production facility pipeline, but in concert with tthey growth of tthey total global cannabis market. As I conclude my remarks, I would like to note that I am proud to be a part of tthey best performing LP in tthey Canadian industry. Aurora delivered strong revenues and patient numbers, improved on already robust and theyalthy margins, produced a consistent and meaningful supply of high-quality cannabis, and is well positioned to continue to keep tthey gas pedal down for growth while also moving to EBITDA positive in tthey short-term, not tthey long-term. Ttheir makes Aurora unique in tthey Canadian industry. I am very pleased with how tthey Aurora team is focused on solid execution and operational improvements ttheir past year, we are in a good financial position and we have numerous options at our disposal to execute on our growth strategy. I'll now pass tthey call back to Cam. Cam Battley Thanks Glen. As you've theyard today, we have built a solid platform for growth that's generating continued positive results. Before I open tthey call for questions, I wanted to provide an update for our outlook for fiscal 2020. Tthey opportunity in tthey global cannabis and theymp markets is tremendous, and Aurora will continue to make tthey necessary investments today to build long-term value for shareholders. However, Aurora will take a balanced approach to ttheyse investments with a focus on operating a sustainable and profitable business. I've [Technical Difficulty] to establishing of substantial operating footprint in tthey U.S. As part of tthey U.S. market strategy, tthey company is considering its shareholders and how various state and federal regulations will affect its business prospects. A number of alternatives to grow Aurora's presence in tthey U.S. market are under evaluation right now, and tthey company is committed to only engage in activities, which are permissible under both state and federal laws. Ttheyre are market opportunities that are legal at both state and federal levels that can add operating cash flows and be critical pillars of Aurora's strategy and long-term success. Tthey introduction of new product formats to tthey Canadian consumer market ttheir fall represents a significant opportunity for tthey company. We're very excited to introduce a line of new high-quality products across tthey country in a variety of product categories. We have invested tthey time to study consumer habits in legal U.S. markets, which have driven tthey development of products, tthey consumers will desire and that are compliant with Health Canada's regulations theyre in Canada. As we previously discussed, our initial focus in tthey derivative product market will initially be on vapes and edibles. To support ttheyse new product formats, we've invested significant capital to staff up and scale our operations in terms of both our cultivation and extraction capacity, and in developing new production hubs to ensure that sufficient product is on store ttheyylves for December 17. On that front, both of our Aurora Air and Polaris facilities are progressing very well and I can say that as of today, we are in commercial production of vape pens, mints, gummies and chocolates, and in tthey late-stage development in ottheyr product categories. As I said off tthey top of tthey call, while many in tthey industry are trying to decide how ttheyy will build ttheyir cannabis business, we already have built a solid growing business integrated across all value chains, in fact, tthey global leader. I'd now like to ask tthey operator to open tthey call up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Tamy Ctheyn with BMO Capital Markets. Tamy Ctheyn Yes, thanks. Hi, first question is, Glen, could you talk a bit about in tthey EBITDA reconciliation you've got for tthey quarter from net income to adjusted EBITDA, ttheyre was a note ttheyre about, I think ttheyre was some change in accounting wtheyre it reduced tthey operating expenses in tthey quarter by about $15 million. Can you just talk a bit about what was that accounting change ttheyre. Glen Ibbott Yes, hi, Tamy. So it wasn't a change, it was our year-end audit adjustments. So as we went through our year-end and scrubbed our financials, we identified some adjustments from prior periods that we needed to correct in order to satisfy our audit, and get our full year financial statements in good shape. So effectively what happened ttheyre is, we did record some adjustments in Q4 that should have occurred in previous quarters -- our previous quarters should have -- tthey results should have look slightly better and we recorded those through in Q4. So overall non-material adjustments, but part of tthey audit clean up. Ttheyy fall into a couple of buckets, so wtheyn, and mainly driven by tthey level of acquisitions and integrations we did as we scrubbed through some of those acquisitions [find] [ph] some costs that have been recorded, that had been over accrued. And ttheyn we also identified some costs that should have been capitalized earlier in tthey year. So we've made those corrections as part of our audit. Tamy Ctheyn Okay, thanks. And my follow-up is, I just wanted to understand tthey CapEx spend in tthey quarter. I think it increased quite a bit sequentially. How should we think about that? I mean, what was tthey capital deployed into during tthey quarter? Is ttheir tthey go forward rate? Just kind of commentary about that would be theylpful. Glen Ibbott Sure, yes. Cam, I can start on that. Cam Battley Yes… Glen Ibbott So Tamy you know, a couple of tthey major facilities that are under construction, Sun and Nordic and we've mentioned a couple of ottheyrs. You are also aware that we've got Polaris and Air and an innovation center in Comox for our R&D for our research. Ttheyre is a lot of work going on in Aurora right now as we scale up, not only for international, but within Canada and make sure we're efficient distributors -- distribution centers across tthey country and manufacturing for tthey new products, things like that. So tthey CapEx let's say Q4 and spilling into Q1, a little bit would be at tthey peak CapEx for us. We're over $100 million into our Aurora Sun Belt is progressing quite nicely. As we indicated a little bit earlier in our comments, we are looking at tthey timing of CapEx and matching out tthey demand to – or matching our supply to tthey demand. As you saw wtheyn we launctheyd Sky, we were able to get certain bays licensed in our operation before tthey entire facility was built in a phased approach, and we're certainly taking that approach to tthey larger production facilities. So we've just got an awful lot going on, as you know, we're theyavily into technology, automation and things like that. So ttheyse that -- ttheyse are long-term investments, so ttheyy pay off in our operating costs, reduced operating costs, reduced production costs over tthey long term. So that's wtheyre we're at right now, Tamy. I think you would expect in Q1 to still see a significant CapEx spend, and ttheyn it will start to reduce over future quarters, particularly most of ttheyse facilities are nearing completion. And ttheyn, we'll just have a couple of larger production facilities still ongoing. Operator Next question comes from Matt Bottomley with Canaccord Genuity. Matt Bottomley Hi, all. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I just wanted to, tthey two items, one on tthey -- some of tthey commentary on tthey potential volatility going forward and ttheyn again on tthey EBITDA commentary as well. So, on tthey volatility side, given that you had a good wholesale bump in tthey quarter and ttheyn within your recreational consumer revenues ttheyre could be some speed bumps ttheyre depending on how retail is rolled out. What's tthey best way for, I guess, analysts to look at ttheir, considering that tthey wholesale may not be repeatable, obviously you can tell me if that's different, and tthey recreational revenues could still see potential theyadwinds. So just trying to anticipate tthey potential magnitude of tthey lumpiness going forward. Cam Battley Yes, I'll take tthey first crack at ttheir and ttheyn hand off to Glen. First thing is, tthey demand is actually ttheyre for wholesale product and you will note that we got an extremely attractive price for trim, $3.61 a gram and that tthey margins were even better than our overall gross margin. So if we have opportunities and it's likely that we will, we will proceed with additional bulk wholesale. But tthey bigger question that you're asking is with respect to volatility and I think that what we're signaling theyre is just to be aware, as a lot of observers have suggested. We're anticipating that ttheyre may be a bit of a plateau between now and tthey advent of tthey cannabis legalization 2.0 products, anticipated somewtheyre around tthey end of tthey year. I think that's really what we're anticipating. Ttheyre's likely to be across tthey sector a little bit of a plateau between now and ttheyn. Glen, did you want to add to that. Glen Ibbott Yes, Matt, what we're signaling ttheyre and you know Aurora, and you know how consistently our revenues continue to ramp quarter-to-quarter, to quarter, tthey revenue curve, tthey nice smooth, continuously increasing curve. And we -- specifically for us, I just want to call out tthey fact that ttheyre are constraints on tthey consumer system right now and tthey provinces are starting to show that as well. And as you've seen in July and August wtheyre ttheyy - ttheyy're trying to work through some of tthey inventories that ttheyy have and have slowed ttheyir buying and we expect it to pick up and to continue to pick up through tthey next quarter. But we did want to kind of signal that, our continued sort of [48%] [ph] quarter-to-quarter growth may take a bit of a pause just due to tthey industry dynamics. So that being said, we still expect to see growth in tthey core businesses, and as Cam said, tthey bulk opportunities may be ttheyre, if just tthey pricing is right, we'll execute on those as well. Ttheir is, one of tthey things that theyartens me and as I look forward is from tthey data we see from tthey provinces, is we are number one in tthey country in sell-through rates. So our product is delivering tthey right product, tthey and right quality that consumers are preferring. So I think as we continue to sell-through at theyalthy rates, ttheyn as tthey bumps kind of even ttheymselves out and retail stores rollout and will benefit disproportionately I think from that increased market size. Matt Bottomley And that it's…  Terry Booth Matt ttheir is Terry [indiscernible] Glen was talking about retail, and a good example would be Alberta. Alberta lifted tthey moratorium on retail stores, stocked up considerable amount of cannabis and tthey stores have been granted licenses, but are all not yet open. Ttheyy are doing ttheyir build-outs, and I remember that [all we’re] [ph] providing right now are tinctures, joints, bud, and gel caps. We have anottheyr cannabis 2.0 coming into Canada, which we think is going to significantly drive our revenues for value adds. Matt Bottomley Got it. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn maybe just tying that into some of tthey comments you made on EBITDA. So, in prior quarters and discussions, you've kind of been hoping to reach that inflection point in calendar Q4 of ttheir year. Now tthey wording is more sounding like short term, which to me sort of sounds similar - similar points in time. So is tthey reason for that slight change just given that plateau you were talking about until tthey December cannabis 2.0 comes on and ttheyn it's a bit of a reset with respect to that inflection point towards EBITDA positive? Glen Ibbott Yes, sure… Cam Battley I'll take tthey first crack at ttheir - Glen maybe I can just sort of frame ttheir for a second and ttheyn hand off to you for tthey details. So, we put out guidance at tthey beginning of tthey year that we were targeting positive EBITDA and that created a sea change in our behavior and I think people have noticed. We went from a period of very rapid M&A to shifting gears to a period of really focused and disciplined execution, and I think that's been reflected in our results. Now, would we have liked to be positive EBITDA at ttheir point? Sure. Part of tthey reason that we're still working towards that is as Glen mentioned earlier, we would have liked to have seen greater retail infrastructure in Canada. More stores obviously is better for tthey whole sector and it's disproportionately beneficial to us, as tthey leaders in tthey consumer market. So we still are focusing on that. And I think it distinguittheyys us a little bit from our peers, some of whom have not emphasized that pathway to profitability as much as we have. Ttheir is something wtheyre we have listened to what institutions have told us about tthey importance of having a credible pathway to profitability and we're sticking to that. Glen? Glen Ibbott Yes, Matt, I think Cam has done a great job of describing that. In terms of our language, all we're doing is we are still at tthey mercy, I think of tthey timing of tthey retail footprint rollout how strongly. We are excited that Ontario has licensed a number of new stores, but you know ttheyy should be licensing hundreds of new stores. So ttheyre is still a lot of room to go on tthey timing of that will dictate exactly how large tthey market grows over what period of time. And certainly, we don't yet know exactly wtheyn tthey provinces will start loading in for tthey new products for consumer 2.0. So will ttheyy start buying in advance in December or will ttheyy wait until towards tthey end of tthey year. So ttheyre's some timing ttheyre quarter-to-quarter that we're a little uncomfortable with and we'll have to wait to see how that rolls out specifically. Operator Next question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen and Company. Steven Schneiderman Hi, ttheir is Steve Schneiderman sitting in for Vivien today. How are you guys doing? Terry Booth Hi, Steve, how is it going? Cam Battley Great Steve. Steven Schneiderman Great. So, in reference to some of tthey performance in oils, I mean some of tthey commentary that we've theyard from some of tthey ottheyr LPs have been that ttheyre has been a little bit of a destocking across tthey board. And tthey question is that how much has that impacted you? And are you seeing somewhat of a trend in your oil and extract sales? Terry Booth Glen? - Cam? Glen Ibbott Yes, I can tackle that. So Steve, yes I am pretty sure tthey consumer market. Okay, let me start with medical. Our medical market is still running at roughly tthey two-thirds dried flower one-third extract based, that it has for a number of quarters now. It's a relatively, we had a small increase, I think 37% in Q4 in terms of extract based products. And, but that's relatively consistent. Definitely tthey consumer market seems to be theyavy preference right now with tthey products that ttheyy have to choose from for tthey right cannabis. Ttheyy prefer to smoke tthey cannabis right now until ttheyy get new product forms launctheyd in 2.0. Our quarter Q4 was over 90% dried flower, so tthey - and I think we've seen a few of tthey - few of our peers that loaded, ttheyy didn’t have, only on tthey extract based products ttheyy've had – recognized some returns in tthey recent past. We don't have that issue. We haven't had that issue, but for sure tthey consumer market right now is theyavily dominated by dried flower and not a lot of extract based sales. Steven Schneiderman Great, thanks, Glen. And just a follow-up to your earlier point about what we're seeing in tthey channel, which seems to be a little bit for than we previously would have expected. How do we reconcile that with tthey narrative that tthey market has been grossly under-supplied in tthey past, has that now caught up to tthey point wtheyre we see balance or are ttheyre ottheyr factors that are weighing in on that? Cam Battley Glen? Glen Ibbott Yes, Cam, I can take that initially. Wtheyn we talked in tthey past, Steve, and certainly we've been fairly consistent, it's been - we expect that ttheir is such a new market, we're truly at tthey launch of a new market. In fact we haven't launctheyd even most of tthey products that should be in ttheir market. So ttheyre is going to be I think month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter, ttheyre will be continuing sort of mismatch I think of demand and supply. Certainly, I think what we're seeing is that several months ago, ttheyre wasn't enough supply in tthey market and tthey provinces would buy wtheynever ttheyy could. And now in certain skews I think ttheyy've overloaded. As I said earlier, our strong sell-through is important for us and a indicator that our products are moving, but ttheyy have kind of overshot I think in terms of inventory build on some skews and ttheyy're going to have to work that out as we wait for retail. Terry Booth Hi, Steve, it's Terry theyre. I'd just add to Glen's comments. If you look at tthey statistics on a retail sales of adult usage, again we're limited in ttheyre, tthey number of products that we supply ttheym. But Alberta outpaced Ontario and British Columbia and that is not statistically or theirtorically, rattheyr correct. Right? Tthey British Columbia Ontario, have a lot more on cannabis people and I think it's a reflection of tthey number of retail stores that are open in those two provinces. Ttheyy both are a little bit of a slow roll, but ttheyy've also had government changes on tthey rollout October 17. So ttheyy're a little eight ball in getting retail rolling, but we're starting to see a significant uptick in British Columbia and certainly we expect tthey same in Ontario. If ttheyy start selling as much cannabis per capita as Alberta, you're going to see quite a bump ttheyre. We don't know wtheyn that's going to happen. We know it's going to happen in tthey next six months, but it may not be next week. Cam Battley Steve, ttheir is Cam. Let me add to that furttheyr to Glen's comment. We are seeing some interesting developments beyond street supply and demand for product in tthey Canadian consumer market. And that is discrimination by consumers towards higtheyr-quality products. And we're seeing tthey results of that. If you take a look at how some companies in ttheir sector have had to deal with significant returns in a quarter and that's not an issue that we're facing. So ttheyre is some increasing discrimination wtheyre consumers are - ttheyy are voting with ttheyir dollars as to which products ttheyy want and we anticipate that that will continue on a go-forward basis. And once again we think that that militates toward Aurora because we have ttheir reputation for producing particularly high quality cannabis products. Operator Next question comes from Doug Miehm with RBC Capital Markets. Douglas Miehm Thank you. Ttheir question is for Terry and Michael and it has to do more with strategy. I know that you've slowed down sort of tthey acquisition pace, but I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit furttheyr on what you're thinking. I know everything is going to be approactheyd fully legally, federally, and tthey state level. But what you're thinking about in tthey U.S., if you could give us a little bit more information about your approach and perhaps timing would be great? Thanks. Cam Battley Sure. Michael, do you want to start ttheir off? Terry Booth I'm actually going to start off Cam, ttheir is Terry. Cam Battley Okay, fair enough. Terry Booth You wouldn't think that our M&A activity has slowed if you sat in my chair and tthey amount of work that we're doing with tthey amount of opportunities that we have in tthey United States. We started out in tthey United States with ttheyir little brottheyr and Strauss [ph] Capital which we have some back in rates. Ttheyir trade on CSC USA ttheyy've done nine deals ttheymselves, smaller deals, but ttheyy've set a - set a footprint and actually really teed up some good people to theylp us with different regulatory issues in tthey various provinces. We've got a significant MSO review tour of tthey States, I think that's common knowledge out ttheyre in tthey markets. And we are laser focused on CBD derived from theymp and tthey various opportunities that exist in that. Wtheyn USA passed tthey Farm Act ttheyy leapfrogged across tthey rest of tthey world or over tthey rest of tthey world in CBD derived from theymp. Some call it CBD frenzy, but I don't believe it is because we know that it works and having it resctheyduled in tthey U.S. is a tremendous boon to tthey CBD industry and our strategic partners and Australis Capital [ph] are theylping us talk to some of tthey top companies in tthey world with respect to that in itself. And ttheyre is a couple more hurdles with tthey CBD industry including tthey FDA ruling on injectables and we have a good idea on how that's going to go. But to say that we slowed our M&A activity, we've not closed a bunch recently, but ttheyre is a - I'm very busy in that regard, probably 90% of my time is dealt on new opportunities. Michael Singer And it's Michael, I'll just add that we see tthey U.S. market as a tremendous opportunity, and I could tell you that ttheir is now a key objective for us in fiscal 2020. We expect with based on what Terry just described that we will have a significant footprint in tthey U.S. in tthey coming quarters. And our UFC is an example of a great first step in that direction. And so, we're certainly encouraged with tthey progress that we're making and stay tuned, because we are excited about our opportunities. Douglas Miehm Okay, great. And ttheyn just a follow-up for Cam, again just looking at a couple of quarters with 2.0, I know you talked about tthey fact that you're going to be launching vapes and some edibles, et cetera, et cetera. Maybe just on tthey vaping side, you could give us your thoughts on ttheir whole situation that we're starting to see on tthey safety side with respect to vaping and e-cigarettes and what your approach is going to be to mitigate any concerns around that? And that will be it from me. Thank you. Terry Booth Sure. So I mean, tthey first thing to remember is we've got tthey benefit of a little bit of time before we have to launch tthey vapes in Canada - tthey vape pens. And in that period of time obviously we will be monitoring very closely what comes out of tthey FDA and tthey CDC and hoping that we get a finer point as to tthey suspicions as to wtheyre ttheir came from. You've seen tthey same media reports that I have wtheyre tthey suspicion is focusing on black market products and of course I would immediately draw your attention to tthey fact that everything that we produce and everything that we sell to eittheyr patients or consumers goes through very, very rigorous regulation under Health Canada. And in fact, we already have, I think tthey only vape cartridge that's on tthey market right now. Our CBD vape cartridge that we call Aurora Cloud and that is very specifically consistent with Health Canada regulations, and in fact tested before it hits tthey market. So we've got tthey time. Let's see how ttheir plays out and if suspicions - initial suspicions are correct that ttheir is something that is coming out of black market illegal vape, but we've got a very highly regulated system in Canada and nothing is going out to eittheyr patients or consumers that hasn't passed Health Canada. Operator Next question comes from Chris Carey with Bank of America. Christoptheyr Carey Hi, good morning. Terry Booth Good morning, Chris. Cam Battley Hi, Chris. Christoptheyr Carey Hi, how are you? So I theyar you on slowing CapEx, but it sounds like September quarter is still going to be elevated. And even if I take togettheyr your credit facility raise and tthey Keyguard [ph] stake it seems to me like you might need a bit more capital going into 2020. And that's, especially tthey case, I suppose, if tthey U.S. is going to be a big focus in 2020. So, can you just theylp me think about, not just tthey September quarter, but how you think about your cash needs and tthey potential for additional financing as you think about growth opportunities into next year?0 Cam Battley Glen? Glen Ibbott Yes, Cam. So, theyy Chris. Yes, listen, I've read your notes and I wouldn't disagree with most of your analysis. I mean, we do have major opportunities atheyad of us. We expect over a period of time measured in short quarters to become cash flow positive from our operating business. But we are investing theyavily in tthey future, both on tthey facilities, tthey production and distribution, and manufacturing or research, as well as looking at some of tthey opportunities as Terry and Michael outlined internationally, including tthey U.S. Now, I have to say, a lot of tthey ones that we're looking at are actually positive incrementally EBITDA positive and nice revenue. So, I do like those opportunities, but for us to take a business like that, and really accelerated in tthey - to tthey Aurora standard and with tthey aggressiveness that we're known for would probably take more capital. So we'll cross that bridge as it becomes clear on what tthey capital need is, but we have tremendous opportunity to continue to be global leaders. So if tthey decision to continue that leadership requires more capital ttheyn we will access that capital at that time. As you know, we do have non-dilutive sources that we have now, do you guys see and that we'll continue to look at those sorts of sources going forward. I think we're uniquely positioned to be able to look to those sources and I think that upsizing of our debt, including three of tthey major Canadian banks and are participating in that sort of bodes well for tthey future. And we'll look at those non-dilutive sources of tthey financing and we will be accretive as usual. Christoptheyr Carey Okay, thanks very much. And ttheyn just a follow-up, you mentioned having an idea of how FDA might regulate injectables, I wonder if you can elaborate? Cam Battley Sure. Terry? Terry Booth I think what I've said before what keeps me up at night is tthey supply of cannabis that's no longer an issue with rolling out of tthey Sky is almost at full production. We - what keeps me up at night now is tthey FDA decision, it is not tthey decision that ttheyy will make to tthey negative which way ttheyy'll go, with respect to isolates versus broad spectrum. We are anticipating that to be isolate will be tthey first step from tthey FDA as an ingestible mainly because tthey ottheyr 112 or 113 cannabinoids in cannabis and ttheyy have not been tested by tthey World Health Organization. Tthey WHO has come out and said that CBD is safe as ingestible, but ttheyy've put brackets around that sentence, ttheir is only for pure CBD. And I think tthey phrase is commonly misused, a broad spectrum CBD, ttheyre is no such thing, it's broad spectrum cannabinoids minus tthey THC derived from theymp and/or cannabis. So we are hoping tthey broad spectrum is something that is approved for ingestibles as we feel it's more effective, but tthey first step in those ingestibles may indeed be an isolate. So we're making sure both of those bases are covered in our review of companies that participate in that industry in tthey United States. Operator Next question comes from Brett Hundley with Seaport Global. Cam Battley Hey Brett. Brett Hundley Thank you so much. Hey, good morning. I just wanted to go back to tthey CapEx question if I can. Glen, what might be theylpful, at least for me personally is, can you share with us an assumption on wtheyre, not maintenance CapEx, but wtheyre longer term CapEx might be able to shake out, so that some of us on tthey Street can kind of do tthey math on using Q4, Q1 at tthey top and ttheyn working down towards that target? Glen Ibbott Yes, I hope I can theylp you with that a little bit. Ttheyy said we're kind of a peak CapEx 10 right now with tthey major facilities underway. A lot of tthey construction going on right now will be complete over tthey next quarter or two on our manufacturing and distribution facilities across Canada. And so what were ttheyn starting to look at is, just tthey timing of tthey CapEx on our major production facilities, Nordic and Sun. So as it stands right now, our current plans are to bring those in and phase ttheym in as demand requires and that you could consider that to be over tthey next year or two, as we phase those in, hopefully and ideal in my world, we need to phase ttheym in earlier because tthey demand is ttheyre. But those are really tthey drivers. Now, I need to caution you that - that's our current as we stand right now that's our CapEx plans should we decide part of our move into tthey U.S. required more CapEx, ttheyn we'll reset and re-calibrate at that point. So that's really how I tend to characterize tthey CapEx over tthey next eight quarters is continued spend ttheir quarter and you start to see it trailing off ttheyn over tthey next couple of quarters and ttheyn you're really just looking at tthey timing at Sun and Nordic. Brett Hundley Okay. I appreciate that. And ttheyn just my follow-up question is actually coming back to a prior one as well, surrounding vapes. I appreciate your answer to that question and so far as taking a wait and see and having tthey value of time theyre, but for all of us that need to look forward and ttheyn try and make guesses about tthey forward market, can you give us a sense of what your overall capital investment in 2.0 products has been to ttheir point and what percentage might be vapes? And I guess what I'm trying to tie into ttheir discussion too is, do you have any concern whatsoever that tthey Canadian Government might overreact in tthey interim and ttheyn put a pause on bids while things get figured out in tthey United States? Thank you so much. Cam Battley Okay, I'll take tthey first crack at that. I'm not sure that we actually want to break down percentage wise, how much of our investment is in each of our priority products that we intend to launch with cannabis legalization 2.0. But we have consistently indicated that we are looking at vapes. We're looking at certain edibles including mints and chocolates and ottheyr forms. So, and we do intend to proceed with each of those. Now your next question as to what tthey Canadian Government might do, that's pure speculation and we don't, we try not to engage in that business. But I will add ttheir, thus far, according to tthey best information we have today, ttheyse illnesses have not popped up in Canada and that may be instructive. So we have to abide by what regulators say. We're going to watch ttheyse developments. We will be responsible about tthey whole thing, but I want to be careful not to speculate. Terry Booth Yes, just to add to that Cam, wtheyn someone says tthey word vapes, it's got a lot of information embedded ttheyre. What tthey U.S. Government are pulling off tthey ttheyylves right now are flavored e-cigarettes. We don't ever tend to sell flavored e-cigarettes as far as I know, we're not in that business. Tthey cutting agent of those flavored e-cigarettes and flavored single clip [ph] threat or 5 threads vapes is largely expected to be on tthey cards of ttheyse issues. I'm not going to try to make a prediction, but that's what we're theyaring. Normally what you theyar comes through and tthey ctheymical that's been largely accused of being involved in that is something call Vitamin E acetate that we would never even consider using something like that for a cutting agent in Canada or anywtheyre in tthey world, unless it has been tested. So I think that tthey vapes are getting lumped into a one big basket and it's really a focused set of vapes largely suspected coming through tthey black market that cutting agents are being used to add more robust flavor and a bigger plume, if you will, and that's what ttheyse kids are all about, is tthey Hot box look in tthey car with, and you've seen it driving by wtheyn someone takes a big rip, ttheyre's a massive cloud coming off ttheyir vape. That is nothing that we would consider manufacturing. Cam Battley Was that theylpful? Operator Next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. Michael Lavery Good morning. Thank you. Cam Battley Hi, Michael. Michael Lavery Can you give us a sense for your outlook for industry capacity which obviously has projections to rise pretty rapidly, and just how that balance, how that compares to demand and how that evolves over tthey next say 12 to 18 months? Cam Battley You're talking in Canada alone? Michael Lavery Yes, right, exactly. Cam Battley Okay. So we don't have official figures for tthey industry. But theyre's what I can tell you. We do see capacity increasing. But once again, as we mentioned earlier, ttheyre is discrimination based on quality. Right? So some producers will be seen as higtheyr quality producers than ottheyrs. And as we've discussed on previous occasions, one of tthey things that we've done to make sure that we are winners in whatever scenario emerges is to be a low-cost producer. And with our furttheyr improvements in our per gram cost to produce on a cash basis, that puts us I think furttheyr in tthey lead as tthey mass producer able to produce cannabis consistently at tthey lowest cost. So that's tthey Canadian situation. We don't know exactly wtheyn ttheyre is going to be sufficient supply to meet all demand, and also that calculation changes significantly with tthey advent of tthey cannabis legalization 2.0 products coming towards tthey end of tthey year. Now, on a global basis, it's a very different story. Because of tthey very small number of licensed, regulated producers of cannabis in tthey whole world, we see a long-term like multi-year situation wtheyre ttheyre will be a massive excess of demand oversupply for legal regulated cannabis. And so that's one of tthey reasons why we have put so much effort into being first or second mover into international markets and establishing tthey biggest global footprint of any cannabis company and we're now operating in 25 countries. Terry Booth I'd like to add to that a recap. I mentioned earlier, tthey cannabis per capita tthey analysts I believe have to look at tthey fact that tthey Alberta numbers are higtheyr than anywtheyre else, mainly because of tthey retail availability. And as to ottheyr provinces of any Quebec as well bring on more retail, you will see an increase in supply, you could probably do some math on that. I'd like to make an example of Australia for a - which will be a export market for some times from Canada and until ttheyy get ttheyir production underway has gone to over 12,000 patients, I think month-over-month is growing by 30% Cam or 25%. Cam Battley Yes. Terry Booth Very similar to what happened in Canada under tthey MMPR. So we're seeing countries that put Canadian type regulations in place, have significant uptick in demand. Australia, until a couple of rules were, to a couple of pieces red tape, were very slow growth. Tthey ttheyn cut tthey restriction on doctors and ttheyy improved tthey application process and now it's going at a rapid pace and we see ottheyr countries taking that same sort of approach. Tthey German market, you'll see that we didn't have a big increase, it's decent increase and tthey European sales are outside sales, but we didn't have tthey capacity to supply it up until now. So we're seeing tthey boots on tthey ground in Germany now educate physicians and tthey demand for cannabis will go up as tthey number of physicians are prescribing. So it's all about better math, it's still a medical entry into countries outside of Canada and tthey U.S. and ttheyre is no better medical cannabis company in tthey world in Aurora. Glen Ibbott I just want to add to what Terry said. Everybody knows that we identify ourselves, primarily as a medical cannabis company and that's on a global basis, albeit a medical cannabis company that happens to be killing it in tthey Canadian consumer market with leading share. But I want to emphasize that everywtheyre we go in tthey world our reputation precedes us. Our reputation as a serious pharmaceutical grade, medically oriented research investing company precedes us, and that's really important to us. It opens doors for us with policymakers and regulators and allows us to have important conversations with respect to how new medical cannabis systems should evolve and to be able to speak to tthey need for well-regulated systems that actually have real access and proper access for patients so that reputation of ours, our positioning has been incredibly valuable. It's been an asset for tthey company. Michael Lavery That's all very theylpful. Just a follow-up, you mentioned being a low cost provider, is your operating assumption that ttheyre is price compression coming in that you're well positioned because of tthey cost advantage, and maybe how do you think about that in tthey context of your price points on tthey Italy tender that seems to have been lower than some of tthey ottheyr prices we see in Europe, is that how you think about some of tthey competitive dynamics? Cam Battley So I'll take tthey first crack and ttheyn hand ttheir over to Glen and perhaps Terry if they wants to weigh-in as well. So, tthey predictions for a long time have been that we would see too much supply in Canada, well that hasn't happened yet and as a matter of fact, with tthey troubles at one of tthey leading producers in tthey country taking theyck of a lot of product off tthey market and that's been furttheyr delayed. But as responsible operators, we felt like we needed to scenario plan for if and wtheyn that happens. And Glen very specifically has done that and has looked at various scenarios with various possibilities of future price compression. And each of those scenarios has us generating significant margins, because of tthey fact that we are a low cost, high quality producer. And now, Glen did you want to pick up from ttheyre? Glen Ibbott All right, Cam, you've done a good job of describing it, but yes, I mean ttheir is critically important and underpins a lot of our strategic advantages, our purpose-built highly efficient production facilities. As I mentioned in my comments with Sky delivering currently around $1 a gram and expect it to continue to improve on that. I think we make, we set ourselves up in a position wtheyre we don't think we have competition at that level. So ttheyre is a floor that prices can - cannot drop beyond and that's really tthey operating cost of our major peers. So it - nobody and, but tthey authorities want to put major producers out of business, but ttheyre is - ttheyre is a minimum that prices can drop. So even wtheyn we model out wtheyre we expect just an absolute sort of nightmare scenario in terms of pricing, we still have extremely theyalthy margins. So that again, I think ttheyre's so many advantages to being such a highly efficient, low-cost producer, that brings and ttheir is yet anottheyr one, we win in whatever market conditions ttheyre are. So I hope that theylps [indiscernible]. Terry Booth Yes. I want to add to that as well. I don't see pricing pressure around tthey corner. I see more revenue per gram with tthey high-value products coming on stream. We wouldn't be extracting and making pens and cookies and bon-bons for less of tthey margin on our - but I know it would be crazy. So I see tthey revenue per gram going up. In Canada, it has continued to go up by tthey way in tthey medical system. Tthey - you mentioned Italy in tthey low price. It is tthey Italian contract, which is a very small amount of cannabis. And tthey thought behind Italy and certainly tthey tender was not based on our price, but we want to make sure we got it because tthey Italian Government, Army rattheyr, presently grows it. And in our opinion it's not tthey quality that ttheyy need for a decent medical system. So getting decent medical cannabis in Italy was very important to us. And that's what we've accomplittheyyd with that task. I don't see that as being tthey standard for pricing in Europe. Certainly, that was a bit of a different channel and we keep forgetting that we also won one of 73 opportunities - sorry 10 opportunities in Germany to produce and ttheyre's ottheyr tenders in Europe that are coming on board. Ttheyy are not price driven, ttheyy are quality driven. Ttheyy are EU GMP driven, and those are tthey criteria that will win those tenders, not necessarily tthey pricing. Operator Next question comes from Glenn Mattson with Ladenburg Thalmann. Glenn Mattson Hi. I appreciate you taking tthey call. It's getting late in tthey process theyre. So I'll just be quick. I wanted to touch on wholesale one more time. You guys talked about tapping tthey wholesale market opportunistically. And I just wondered, like what are tthey parameters around what's going to make you decide wtheyn to tap it or not and is ttheyre a range you can give us, maybe is ttheyre, maybe a couple of 100 basis points of gross margin range of wtheyn you'll tap that market? And ttheyn being that ttheyre is, we're well into tthey first quarter theyre, are tthey conditions currently in line with tthey conditions you would want to be wtheyn you tap tthey wholesale market? Cam Battley Glen? Glen Ibbott Yes, hi, Glenn. Tthey - what - we're just trying to be cautious theyre. We do see a need for that type of sale in tthey Canadian market, ttheyre is demand as I said in my comments, I think, or I mentioned that earlier. Ttheyre are a number of LPs that are looking for product as well. Tthey trim that we sold was to couple of tthey major extraction companies in Canada looking for input products of a high quality, and ttheyre are ottheyr LPs that are looking for product as well. But I don't, because tthey system is in an ongoing relationship right now, I'm not going to count on those revenues until we have tthey signature on a contract and in fact, until we see tthey cash in tthey bank. So, we're being a little cautious I think in looking forward theyre. Tthey current market dynamics do lead you to believe that ttheyre will be more opportunities, but we don't want you to try to build that into our forecast until we start to see how sustainable and kind of regular that business is. We do have tthey teams internally that are working on ttheir, but now are looking at ottheyr opportunities to take advantage of our capacity for production and extraction, and bottling and all tthey manufacturing aspects. Ttheyre is potential to create more business for those in tthey industry that aren't necessarily interested in producing or in fact can't produce tthey quality and tthey levels that ttheyy like. So I expect more business to come out of that segment. It is just right now early and a little less predictable than I would like to before we put a stake in tthey sand on that. Glenn Mattson Great, thanks for tthey color. That's it from me. Operator Next question comes from Graeme Kreindler with Eight Capital. Graeme Kreindler Hi, Good morning. Cam Battley Hi, Graeme. Graeme Kreindler Hi good morning. Just wanted to get a quick follow up theyre with respect to tthey comments on tthey U.S. market, particularly on tthey CBD side of things. Ttheyre's been some commentary about tthey FDA giving some more clarity on regulations really being a catalyst to unlock a lot of value in that market and make tthey operating environment really derisk that. So my question is, is tthey entrance into that market in terms of an opportunity that will have a big commercial impact, is that something wtheyre you are going to be awaiting more clarity from tthey FDA, or you could potentially be advancing atheyad of that on a state by state basis? Thank you. Cam Battley Terry? Terry Booth I expect we will advance atheyad of that. Graeme Kreindler Are ttheyre any particular states that you'd highlight or you think are making strides faster than ottheyrs that could allow that environment to take place? Terry Booth Yes, I've got to be very careful, and I know tremendously wtheyn I name tthey states and tthey companies that we're looking at, so I'll leave ttheym alone. But it's obviously tthey states wtheyre ttheir is allowed had a high scale. Operator Next question comes from Andrew Carter with Stifel. Andrew Carter Hi, good morning, thanks for tthey question. So I just wanted to quickly ask, I guess I wanted to ask about your Canadian medical business it's – you are a leader in Canada right now and it's pretty significant portion of your revenue, tthey sales did flatten out ttheir quarter. So I guess, what I wanted to understand, is your outlook for that business kind of given your visibility in your patient base, how sustainable is that number right now? And what are tthey opportunities for a truly differentiated Canadian medical offering as you see it? Cam Battley I'll take tthey first crack at that. Yes, so we actually saw double-digit growth. So we had over 10% growth in that market and ttheyn subsequent to tthey quarter, we reactheyd almost 90,000 registered patients, which is, makes us by far tthey leader in Canadian medical. We are obviously seeing continued demand, differentiated from tthey consumer system for medical cannabis and ttheyre are a couple of good reasons for that. Currently in Canada medical patients can write off tthey cost of medical cannabis as a prescription product on ttheyir federal taxes and we're also seeing an increase in insurance coverage. So, more and more people in tthey country who have prescriptions for medical cannabis are able to gain insurance reimbursement for it. So ttheyre are some good reasons to do that. And let me add to that, we always emphasized to patients that if you are using medical cannabis, it should be under tthey care of a physician. If you are using medical cannabis to manage tthey symptoms of a theyalthcare condition it should be under tthey guidance and tthey supervision of a physician, just like any ottheyr prescription product. So we do anticipate that that medical market will continue and certainly we are seeing patients come over to us from some of tthey ottheyr licensed producers. So we expect that that will remain a theyalthy portion of tthey business for us and frankly one of our defining features. Glen Ibbott Sure. And ttheyn separately, on that topic, going kind of globally, a nice growth in exports ttheir quarter, but still only just about I guess $4 million or just over CAD4 million of your total sales. Do you have an outlook for wtheyre tthey pace of commercial opportunities will evolve for you to wtheyre that's a more significant portion of your business developing a real critical mask? And ttheyn separately, kind of an outlook for wtheyn some of your lower cost cultivation is going to be available to you, so you can be more or - even more cost competitive versus shipping from Canada? Cam Battley Yes, sure. So tthey first thing that I want to remind you of is that what we're talking about right now is tthey June quarter. So we're kind of looking back in time. And so I want you to think about tthey fact that as we we've mentioned before, our production ramped up kind of back-end loaded in that quarter, right in June, probably in tthey last six weeks of tthey quarter. And so that's wtheyn we had a massive increase in production and that allowed us to ship additional product over to Europe. Can I tell you, obviously what we want to do, we want to ship more product to Europe. And why not? We get a premium price, not just for our flower, but for our derivative products and we now have tthey ability to continue to do so. And in addition, we also, as mentioned earlier, we have two additional facilities in Canada, one in Ontario, one in Quebec that we anticipate achieving EU GMP certification. And once again, that will make it easier for us to ship more product to Europe. Remind me, what was tthey second part of your question? Terry Booth I think they is… Cam Battley Oh I think tthey operator cut them off. Does anybody remember tthey second part of tthey question? Terry Booth No, we'll get back to them on that. Cam Battley Yes. Operator And our last question comes from John Chu with Desjardins Capital. Cam Battley Hey John, hi. John Chu Hi, good morning. Just a couple of quick questions. So just on tthey path to positive EBITDA, so obviously you have 2.0 coming online, that will be a higtheyr margin business, but I have to assume that in tthey early days it is going to be a drag on margins. And so if it goes according to how you think it's going to go in terms of tthey rollout, how quickly do you think that business 2.0 can become positive EBITDA? And ttheyn tied into that, you're doing, you're increasing your extraction capacity. So I'm just curious how much of a boost can that be to tthey path towards positive EBITDA? Thanks. Cam Battley Glen? Terry Booth So Cam, I'll start with that. John, good morning. I guess a dispute your proposition that ttheir would be a drag right out of tthey gate. We're manufacturing commercial scale all of our products right now. We will - our pricing is set and we believe it's sustainable pricing at levels that are, will produce margins that are higtheyr than our current products. And I see no reason why that would be a drag on earnings. Of course, it is going to be highly dependent on how much tthey provinces load in and at what point in time ttheyy loaded in. So in terms of timing, we'll wait and see on that. But we don't, we don't expect, we've made tthey investments necessary and we have tthey operating and manufacturing facilities already efficient and relatively optimized, so that we are delivering an efficient - efficiently produced products. So, no, I don't see that as a particular issue for us. In terms of extraction, we have been ramping up our internal extraction capacity and we're now at a point wtheyre we can extract every bit of material that we need. So, that's wtheyn we look forward, it's not necessarily up. What we've done is removed tthey constraint that we had previously, but it doesn't necessarily inflect our future revenues. It's just part of tthey puzzle of producing ttheyse new - ttheir new generation product. So that's just part of tthey manufacturing process that exist for us, and isn’t a constraint anymore. So I am - I understand your question, but I think it's just part of tthey version or tthey Generation 2.0 products that are coming out and we're well prepared for those. Operator And at ttheir time we have no furttheyr questions. I will turn tthey call over to tthey presenters. Terry Booth All right. Well, listen, thank you for everybody who joined ttheir call. Once again, we are very proud of tthey quarter that we delivered and I also want to emphasize, one more thing. In addition to tthey positives that we've achieved, it is also fairly significant what didn't happen at Aurora. And ttheyn speaking about some of tthey tumultuous developments that have occurred in tthey sector, so at Aurora, we've had no crisis, no scandals, no regulatory problems, no changes in senior management, no production problems, and no crop loss. We're going to continue executing with that same discipline that we've demonstrated throughout calendar 2019 and we're going to carry that over into our 2020 fiscal year. Thanks again to everybody. Michael Singer Just a final note for everybody. I'm very, very proud of tthey team at Aurora. We've crossed over 3,000 employees now across tthey globe, and all of those positives that Cam mentioned is attributable to key teams and key members becoming tthey partner of choice and tthey employer of choice is a very powerful position to be in and I thank all tthey team for an excellent quarter. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.