Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q3 2022 Results Conference Call May 12, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Ananth Krishnan - Vice President, Strategic Finance Miguel Martin - Chief Executive Officer Glen Ibbott - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Lavery - Piper Sandler Andrew Carter - Stifel Victor Ma - Cowen John Zamparo - CIBC World Markets Andrew Blonde - Jefferies Frederico Gomes - ATB Matt Bottomley - Canaccord Genuity Doug Miehm - RBC Capital Markets Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey Aurora Cannabis Inc Third Quarter 2022 Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Ananth Krishnan, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, sir. Ananth Krishnan Thank you, Arthur, and we appreciate you all for joining us ttheir afternoon. With me today are CEO, Miguel Martin; and CFO, Glen Ibbott. After tthey market closed, Aurora issued a news release announcing our financial results for tthey third quarter of fiscal 2022. Tthey release, and accompanying financial statements, management discussion and analysis are available on our IR website and via SEDAR and EDGAR data bases. In addition, you can find a supplemental information deck on our IR website. Listeners are also reminded that certain matters discussed in today's conference call could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties related to our future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect actual results are detailed in our Jeremyual Information Form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may be accessed via SEDAR and EDGAR. Following prepared remarks by Miguel and Glen, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for and analysts. However, we ask you to limit yourselves to one question and ttheyn return to tthey queue. With that, I will turn over tthey call to Miguel. Please go atheyad. Miguel Martin Thank you, Ananth. In an environment defined by political uptheyaval, record-setting inflation, and market volatility, we are intent on controlling what we can control and delivering on our target of reaching a profitable adjusted EBITDA run rate by tthey first half of fiscal 2023. In fact, I'm very pleased to tell you that, our plan is working and we are in better position to hit ttheir goal than we were a quarter ago. Tthey foundation of our confidence is our global medical cannabis business, which is both defensible and stable with margins that exceed 60%. Ttheyse are highly desirable characteristics in today's volatile economic environment. And in addition to being tthey number one Canadian LP in terms of medical cannabis revenue over tthey last 12 months, tthey business continues to grow in ottheyr parts of tthey world, especially in Europe and Australia ttheir quarter. Tthey second reason for our confidence is cost savings and we are pleased to have identified additional opportunities. Recall from last quarter, we said, we'd achieved tthey higtheyr end of our targeted $60 million to $80 million savings annually, by tthey first half of fiscal 2023. Today, we are announcing that we have identified an additional $70 million to $90 million of savings within that same timeframe, for a total of $150 million to $170 million of savings annually. Importantly, our total cost savings won't impact plan growth investments, but we expect ttheym to materially reduce our cash needs. Our third reason is tthey balance ttheyyet, which remains among tthey strongest in tthey industry and puts Aurora in a position of strength, particularly in challenging times. We currently have approximately $283 million in cash, inclusive of our early repurchase of $141 million in convertible debt for furttheyr strategic and value accretive opportunities, and about $190 million U.S. remaining under our ATM program. Fourth, Occo, our science and innovation business has one of tthey largest catalogs of high-quality genetics and IP in biosynttheysis available for licensing. Occo represents a capital-light, long-term, revenue growth opportunity that we believe makes Aurora unique and can drive success by enabling our licensing partners to deliver a continuous stream of innovation to tthey market. Let's take a deeper dive on our medical business. During Q3, international medical revenue was up 55%, compared to last year. But down from Q2, because of our large shipment to Israel last quarter, which we did not expect to recur ttheir quarter. As you know, predictability of revenue, especially in developing markets can be affected by regulatory complexities, such as timing of government approvals and import permits. We are currently selling medical cannabis products in seven EU countries, Germany, Malta, Poland, Czech Republic, UK, Denmark and France. And are eittheyr tthey market leader or in tthey top three in all of those countries. We estimate today, ttheyre are around 150,000 patients in tthey EU, but if it were to reach similar adoption levels as Canada i.e. 1% of tthey population, tthey patient pool could expand to 3.5 million patients. In Poland, revenues grew threefold year-over-year, as we followed up last quarter's record breaking shipment with anottheyr strong quarter. We have establittheyyd a leadership position in tthey Polish flower market with an estimated 70% share, and expect tthey success to continue, as we launch new cultivars in Q3, accompanied by a marketing push. In tthey UK, our revenues increased 60% compared to Q3 last year. Growth was driven by a rapid increase in patient numbers as more evidence has come out and more physicians prescribe cannabis. While ttheyre is no reimbursement currently, which is a barrier to growth, we've not seen any pricing erosion. We are also preparing to launch extracts in Q4 and have already completed tthey first delivery to our import partners. In Germany, we had two of tthey top three best selling products and dry flower for all of calendar 2021. And currently estimate we are number two in market share. Our market share has grown steadily in tthey extract markets thanks to new product innovation. While growth in patient numbers is moderated due to slow prescriber adoption, Germany remains tthey largest market in tthey EU, and 83 million citizens and we're bullish, given tthey new coalition's plans to legalize adult rec cannabis and improve medical patient accessibility. In France, we have completed three shipments to date for tthey pilot program wtheyre we are tthey exclusive supplier of dry flower. Early estimates have us generating revenue as early as March 2023. In tthey Nettheyrlands, we partner with 1 of 10 license holders to sell legally produced cannabis in approximately 10% of tthey country's coffee shops. Tthey Nettheyrlands is roughly half tthey size of Canada, which recall is a $5 billion retail market. And like France, we expect sales theyre to begin in calendar 2023. Finally, in Australia, our revenues rose 300% year-over-year, driven by record numbers of patients. Through our exclusive supply agreement with MedRelief Australia, we offer medical patients in tthey EU GMP certified range of products, including dry flower and recently released vapes. Let me reiterate that we believe that tthey cannabis growth story over tthey next several years will center on international medical and recreational. While tthey EU is currently a medical only market several governments have announced plans for recreational sctheymes, most notably Germany. Tthey EU cannabis market is expected to be 6 billion by 2025. And we expect to grab a sizable market share given our regulatory expertise, compliance protocols, testing and science. Ttheyse attributes put us in a pole position for success. Turning now to tthey Canadian medical market, we not only have a competitive advantage, but our direct-to-consumer approach drives our industry leading margins. Overall revenue was mostly flat in Q3 compared to Q2 although our market share expanded 200 basis points to 26%. We attribute ttheyse share gains to tthey best in class patient, clinician and physician service we offer along with tthey launch of a number of premium products and innovation. Our [insured] (ph) patients made up 79% of our domestic medical sales, up from 73% in Q2. Ttheir is a key to stability and we believe bodes well for tthey future. Tthey infrastructure to acquire, retain and move tthey patient through tthey process requires significant resources and experience. And tthey truth is that a lot of that same infrastructure and knowhow of patients in tthey Canadian market is directly applicable to our success in ottheyr key markets, such as UK, Germany and France. Regarding Canadian adult rec, our Q3 revenue reflects persistent macro challenges including excess inventory and pressure on older SKUs. As we've said before, ttheyse dynamics are unsustainable, but we have tthey scale and resources to navigate through ttheir industry consolidation. In tthey meantime, our focus remains on maximizing profitability by leveraging low cost production and furttheyr rationalizing facilities that no longer makes sense, and we have also entered higtheyr margin categories. From April to July we plan to launch 40 new products which we expect to benefit both rec and medical channels. Ttheyse include our first infused pre-rolls, and hash offerings, brand new cultivars from our breeding program, and a bevy of new vape edibles and concentrate flavors. Our full year 2022 innovation calendar includes a significant number of new products, and we have establittheyyd a regular cadence of new product innovations. Finally, I want to conclude with our recent accretive acquisition of Thrive. Thrive is most widely known for its award winning flagship recreational brand Greybeard Cannabis Company, which was recognized as tthey number one brand recommended by Canadian bud tenders in 2021. Ttheir transaction will place tthey talented management teams in Thrive in charge of our Canadian rec business, which we expect will drive improvements in our cultivation practices and premium products offerings. Ttheir team has been able to build a profitable premium business with limited resources that will immediately contribute EBITDA to our bottom line. And with that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Glen. Glen Ibbott Thank you, Miguel. Good afternoon, everyone. I'll start off with a few key highlights. We take pride in having one of tthey strongest balance ttheyyets among Canadian LPs. At quarter end we had $480 million of cash and no term debt. During Q3, we repurchased $13.4 million in principle on our 2024 convertible debt at a total cost of $11.8 million, including accrued interest. And in early May we repurchased anottheyr $128 million in principle on our convertible debt at a total cost of $122.9 million including accrued interest. As of today, we have $229 million of principal remaining on our convertible debt. We believe that debt reduction even though maturity is still almost three years out, is a prudent and defensive capital allocation decision. Ttheir debt reduction will save annual cash interest costs of $8.5 million. Also, in early May, we closed tthey Thrive acquisition for which we paid mostly cash, about $26 million cash up to $38 million price. We continue to have access to a ttheyylf perspective, with US$887.6 million still available on direct, including US$187.6 million remaining under our ATM programs. As we have stated before, we don't need ttheir capital for operating purposes, consider it as available for strategic M&A, and ottheyr value creation opportunities. Our cash flow continues to improve with $39.3 million used in operations and working capital in Q3 compared to $66.2 million in tthey same period of last year. And based on tthey additional targeted cost reductions in calendar 2022 that Miguel described, we expect cash flow to continue to improve. We are also progressing closer to our EBITDA positive milestone as we reduced our loss by $8.6 million versus last year; however, compared to last quarter, our adjusted EBITDA loss increased by $3.2 million. Ttheir is purely due to revenue differences, as I'll explain shortly, as gross margins remain strong and theyalthy, and SG&A expenses continued to decline furttheyr as part of our business transformation plan. Q3 net cannabis revenue was $50.4 million compared to $60.6 million last quarter. Tthey change was mainly due to variable cadence from quarter to quarter of shipments in Israel, and partially due to lower consumer cannabis net revenue because of competitive pressures across tthey portfolio, coupled with retail store closures during tthey quarter in key provinces that impacted our premium offerings. So let me address each of our core businesses in a bit more detail. Canadian medical revenue was $24.8 million in Q3, down slightly from Q2. As we have said previously, our Canadian medical patients fall into two groups, those with cost reimbursement and those without it. To build on what Miguel said earlier, we have purposefully repositioned our business to focus on tthey insured patient population, which should allow us to furttheyr improve our bottom-line. Our international medical revenue is $14.6 million, and reflected 55% growth versus tthey prior year, and tthey decrease of 26% sequentially. Now I will remember that Q2 revenue included approximately $8.5 million in net sales to Israel. Excluding tthey impact of tthey Q2 Israeli sales, net international medical revenue increased sequentially by 29% and was driven by growth in important markets, including Germany, Poland, UK and Australia. So taken togettheyr, our leading medical businesses in Canada and Europe performed well, as usual generating $39.4 million in sales and gross margin of 64%, up slightly from tthey prior quarterly. Medical represented about 78% of our Q3 revenue and almost 90% of our total Q3 gross profit. Ttheir segment distinguittheyys us from our competitors, and tthey stability of tthey gross profit generated in tthey businesses is a critical component for us in reaching a positive EBITDA run rate by tthey end of tthey first half of fiscal 2023. Our Q3 consumer revenue was $10.3 million, which reflected a 28% decline compared to tthey last quarter. Consumer cannabis represented about 21% of our Q3 revenues and about 11% of our gross profit. As I mentioned before, tthey revenue decline is primarily attributed to price pressures across our portfolio and was exacerbated by COVID-related store closures in January that impacted our premium brands. It is important to note that, even as our consumer cannabis net revenue fell, our consumer gross margin improves 600 basis points to 29%, as we continue to shift towards tthey higtheyr margin product portfolio. In March for tthey first time in our theirtory, San Rafael sales were greater than data special revenue. Ttheir shift is important for our path to positive EBITDA, and combined with tthey acquisition of Thrive, we expect to see ttheir move to premium margins accelerate. As an example of tthey importance of ttheir shift, in Q3, despite revenue being off $4 million quarter-over-quarter, gross profit was only down $280,000. SG&A which includes R&D came in at $42.3 million in Q3. And ttheir included $2.7 million in restructuring costs and prior period accruals. Excluding ttheyse costs, adjusted SG&A was 39.5 million, our lowest level in almost four years, which was prior adult use legalization. While our SG&A is already well controlled, we are certainly not done with tthey efficiency and expect to make significant additional progress as part of our updated targeted range for cost savings. So, pulling all of ttheir togettheyr, yes, we generated an adjusted EBITDA loss in Q3 2022 of $12.3 million, $3.2 million change in adjusted EBITDA loss as compared to last quarter was primarily driven by tthey lower level of sales in tthey Israel, and was partially offset with a $2.3 million decrease in adjusted SG&A expense. Now, I'll give you a bit more color regarding our revised cost savings target of $150 million to $170 million on an annualized basis. We plan to have executed all of tthey necessary changes, before tthey end of calendar 2022 and expect ttheyse savings to be evenly split between cost of goods sold and SG&A. Ttheyy should be reflected in our P&L eittheyr as ttheyy occur over tthey next three quarters for SG&A savings or as tthey inventory is drawn down following production related savings. And of course, all of it positively impacts our cash flow tthey changes are executed. Today's announcement of tthey closure of our Aurora Sky facility in Edmonton is part of our business transformation plan. Ttheir decision is in keeping with our strategy in tthey Canadian adult rec market to focus on higtheyr margin premium categories and to move away from purposefully producing for tthey low to no margin categories. We are working toward a leaner more agile operating model and is expected to provide strong upward EBITDA leverage as future revenues increase. Resulting from tthey strategic business transformation changes, we recorded a number of one-time non-cash accounting charges in Q3. Goodwill in tthey Canadian market segment was written down completely charges $741.7 million. And we recorded specific asset impairments of $176.1 million, and an inventory provision charges $63.6 million. So summing up, ttheyre are three key takeaways from my financial review of Q3 2022. First, our balance ttheyyet remains strong supported by a theyalthy cash balance, reduced convertible debt levels, and improving working capital on cash flow. Second, our medical businesses in Canada and internationally provide us with a competitive advantage and are critical to us generating sustainable profitability. And it's worth noting we generate more gross profit for our medical cannabis businesses than any of our Canadian LP competitors do from ttheyir entire cannabis businesses. And finally, we've worked hard to increase tthey target range for cost savings. Ttheyse are expected to have material positive impact or bottom-line and cash flow and reflect a leaner operating model that positions as well for future growth. So, thanks for your interest in Aurora. I'll now turn tthey call back to Miguel. Miguel Martin Thanks, Glen. Before Q&A, let me share some final takeaways. We expect to achieve a positive adjusted EBITDA run rate by tthey end of tthey first half of fiscal 2023. Second, our medical cannabis business continues to be a smart business to invest behind, particularly in environment of war in Europe, high inflation and possible recession. It has defensible characteristics, high margins, and in our view, no one does it better, both domestically and internationally. Third, we expect tthey rec market in Canada to correct and wtheyn that process is complete, we will have added opportunity for market share and pricing. Our focus in tthey meantime is rationalizing our footprint and driving cost efficiencies. Fourth, our science and innovation program adds anottheyr capitalized opportunity to our portfolio. And our strong balance ttheyyet positions us for continued organic growth and strategic M&A. On that note, we have already demonstrated considerable patience and discipline in evaluating acquisitions, seeking targets that not only fits strategically, but are also rationally priced. Tthey accretive M&A is a vital part of our plan going forward, and we believe we're in a great position to create shareholder value over time. So in closing, we're delivering on our stated goals, most notably our business transformation plan, which is squarely on track. We appreciate your time and interest today. We're energized for tthey rest of tthey year. And now, I'll turn it over tthey operator to open tthey lines for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. At ttheir time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question we have is from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Please go atheyad. Michael Lavery So, it's no surprise to see Aurora Sky finally get closed all tthey way. I think it has capacity several times what you're selling at tthey moment, but it's a big facility. It was sort of a showpiece of tthey portfolio for a while. How much of tthey incremental sales are driven by that? Is that really tthey majority? Is it all of it? Is it just one of several pieces? And a little bit related to that, to understand how tthey savings flowed through, could you maybe touch on tthey sequential deterioration in EBITDA margins from last quarter to ttheir one? I know it's always a little bit lumpy, but what was some of tthey drivers ttheyre? And how much of that is -- how should we think about tthey savings really hitting fiscal '23 versus starting to see ttheym in tthey fourth quarter ttheir year? Miguel Martin Sure. So let me kick off on sort of a top line point, and ttheyn I'll let Glen go into some of tthey modeling points. You know, Michael, I think as you're well aware, and many people are aware that ttheyse massive facilities that were built, particularly in Canada, really were built with ttheir idea that you could grow cannabis, particularly flower, in Canada, and ship it all around tthey world, including tthey U.S. and parts of Eastern Europe. So, that was obviously has not come to be. Secondly, consumers very quickly evolved into, being very discerning, we're seeing that, not only in Canada, but we're also seeing it in tthey U.S. and you're starting to see as well, in Western Europe. Ttheyse massive facilities that employed a significant amount of automation, just were not built for purpose for ttheir environment. And one of tthey things I think I would mention theyre is Aurora has been very aggressive in proactively right sizing tthey Company for what it needs. So most recently, as we've announced, Aurora Sky was down about 25% capacity, tthey carrying cost on fixed and what that means across your system was just untenable, and we did everything we could to try to find locations, to be able to sell that type of flower cannabis, and it just didn't work. So I think that should be an indication I think to everybody that we will continue to make tthey tough decisions that we need to make in order to have tthey proper, sort of overall footprint. Secondly, wtheyn you have such a complicated network, with facilities all over Canada, it creates a lot of excess cost in tthey overall sort of simplicity of that system. And so ttheyre's added benefits, not just because of tthey carrying costs of Aurora Sky, but also to tthey simplification, or tthey closure of ottheyr facilities that we've announced as well, which will have a significant impact overall. And so, you know, I think those are all sort of important points. I mean, Glen, do you want to grab tthey second part of Michael's question in terms of tthey flow through? Just tthey one thing I will mention, Michael is that we're really proud of how quick and how fast tthey savings are going to hit our balance ttheyyet, and I think you'll see quite quickly. But Glen, if you could talk about tthey modeling and tthey timing? Glen Ibbott Sure, Mike. So, tthey initial trancthey of savings that we announced last year that we're pretty much getting towards tthey end of executing were mainly driven by operational centralization. And so, for instance, Polaris was just finally shuttered in April on tthey manufacturing lines that have been moved back east are just up and running now. Sorry, external noise theyre. So, tthey timing on those, you should start seeing a lot of that, tthey positive impact on cash flows starting to come through in tthey next quarter. Now, that additional trancthey of savings that we have announced is combination of both shuttering of some facilities that Miguel talked about in SG&A cost reductions about 50-50 on that additional trancthey of savings. Tthey SG&A cost reductions are expected to be executed over tthey next couple of quarters. So, we'll see ttheym hitting immediately. And tthey Sky reduction, I mean, our current plan is to have Sky shut down by tthey end of summer. So, I think tthey next couple of quarters will be telling in terms of cash flow savings. Obviously, tthey production side, as it hits our cost of good takes a quarter or two to flow through following that. So, we expect to see tthey margin improvement coming through towards tthey last quarter of tthey calendar year, maybe even a little bit in tthey September quarter as well. So, we haven't really seen it Mike impact ottheyr than tthey SG&A savings. We haven't really seen tthey stuff impact our financials yet but it's coming. Miguel Martin I mean, Michael, one ottheyr point I would make is, you know, for example, closing Sky will save us $7 million a quarter in cash savings. So, it's significant. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question we have is from Andrew Carter from Stifel. Please go atheyad. Andrew Carter Good afternoon. So, I just want to ask you have upgraded tthey target by $90 million and your adjusted EBITDA loss was $12 million in tthey quarter. So multiply that by four $48 million loss, you got $90 million of cost savings. Are you saying that we should be getting to a $40 million EBITDA run rate, that's not even including Thrive and, or tthey tail end of tthey [Indiscernible]. I just want to make sure I'm squaring and thinking of ttheir correctly. Thank you. Miguel Martin Glen, do you want to walk through tthey staging and ttheyn I'll talk about how to think about tthey timing? Andrew Carter Not, not really timing guys. I was just -- I was actually saying, is that just an out of bounds, absolute number to think about that 90 plus or 48 million annualized loss, 45 over tthey next two years. Thanks. Glen Ibbott I'm having a little trouble following your question ttheyre. Our SG&A, we expect to take it down on a quarterly basis to low 30, and we expect our margins to continue to be wtheyre ttheyy are at or improve over time through tthey centralization, just more efficiencies coming out of tthey operation. So, in between tthey two, as you can see taking our SG&A down from roughly tthey 40 that it's at now down below 30 is going to take us most of tthey way on tthey cost reduction that we need to get to positive EBITDA. But, even without depending on revenue growth. Miguel Martin I mean, I guess Andrew, I would, tthey only piece I'd add is, if you took Q3 and you made tthey presumption, particularly as it pertains to gross profit and adjusted EBITDA of what tthey rec business is up to and you, I think presume a bit of steadiness to tthey ottheyr two pieces of business and you drop tthey SG&A savings. that Glen just mentioned you're ttheyre. I don't think -- I don't think it flips to a plus 40 and I would not want to profess that, but that's sort of tthey back of tthey envelope math on why I think people should have some confidence in tthey adjusted EBITDA target. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question we have is from Vivien Azer from Cowen. Please go atheyad. Victor Ma Ttheir is actually Victor Ma on for Vivien Azer. Thank you for taking tthey questions. So given tthey recent comments by Germany's theyalth and finance ministers on accelerating adult use legalization, can you frame tthey adult use opportunity ttheyre and offer your thoughts and tthey timing? Can you also offer some color and how you look to leverage your current competitive position in medical market to approach tthey opportunity ttheyre? Thank you. Miguel Martin Sure, I'd be happy to. So, I think that tthey first thing with all of ttheyse countries wtheyttheyr it's Germany, or wtheyttheyr it's Nettheyrlands, or you pick any of ttheyse EU countries. It's a similar regulatory framework in terms of tthey regulators, and ttheyy start with production, and ttheyy get into manufacturing protocols, and all EU GMP and tthey different pieces of it. So, those companies that have had success, and we're clearly one of ttheym. In Germany, we'll have tthey inside line on racks. Tthey folks that are making that decision are tthey folks that were involved in medical. And I think we were a bit pleased with tthey speed in which that announcement was made. So, it's really hard to pick timing in ttheir. But it doesn't change your strategic sort of approach, because everything that you're doing for medical will apply to what we hope is a quick rapid turnaround. And so you talked a little bit about modeling. Right now, tthey percentage of tthey adult population in Germany that's using cannabis is one-tenth that at point 1%, what we see in Canada, and so I think if you multiply that times tthey population, I think you can see tthey possible upside. But I think tthey thing we're most pleased about is we've had very productive conversation with tthey regulators, and a very conservative compliant approach, particularly on tthey production side, for Germany has bode well for us. One, ttheir little nuance about Germany that I'll share as to why it's so hard, ttheyir deviation provision on potency is only 10%. Most places in tthey world will allow a 20% deviation to label while you might have a 25 potency product, and you say, well, Miguel, that gives you plenty of sort of buffer at 2.5. Balance products are becoming quite popular. In many cases, ttheyy'll have a 10% THC number, which only gives you a 1% variation, which is a very difficult challenge for Germany. So we think tthey leaders in Germany and ttheyy said we're one of ttheym, we'll have tthey inside line. Wtheyn that goes rack and we think it'll be subjective. We also would point out that ttheyre are a lot of eyes on Germany as tthey largest economy currently looking at it. And we think if ttheyy do go, it's going to have a halo effect on tthey ottheyr markets around that look at ttheym from a regulatory standpoint. Operator Thank you, sir. Tthey next question we have is from John Zamparo from CIBC World Markets. John Zamparo I wanted to ask about M&A especially following tthey drive acquisition. It seems as though companies in tthey space are generally more capital constrained and in tthey past and ttheyy're seeing valuations compress more. Does that give you more appetite to be active on acquisitions and keeping in mind you're going to look for human capital and brands that have connected, but is ttheyre any appetite to maybe accelerate tthey M&A strategy at ttheir point? Miguel Martin Yes, I mean, John, it's a great question. So, ttheyre's really been sort of two areas of M&A activity. One is tthey U.S. And, I think we've been on record about, our play in tthey U.S., which is, a really clear one, that everything that we're doing around tthey world is going to have access points to tthey U.S. with an FDA regulation and with a thoughtful sort of approach. So, I think we've been smart about not chasing in tthey U.S. on those really high valuations, around that. Second piece is what you're mentioning is around Canada and ttheir sort of question about, what type of companies do you go after? And with ttheir, you know, credit markets, what do you get ttheyre. I really seen tthey dynamic nature of tthey business and renting market share, and buying companies just for ttheyir market share really is not, I think, a positive approach. And to tthey point you're making human capital does make a significant difference. And so, we are interested in finding teams that are really thoughtful, that are margin accretive, and that are focused on sustainably making money. Thrive was one of those teams. And I think, you know, different than ottheyrs, you know, it was my intent to find a great high functioning team, and ttheyn put ttheym in charge of our rec business. And so, tthey CEO of that company, Jeff, Uber, who's a wonderful talent with their team, ttheyy're now going to run our Canadian rec business. And not only, I think ttheyy'll do that at a high level but also ttheyy bring a significant amount of innovation in genetics, that we can plug both into our rec business, international medical business and our domestic name business. So, as Glen mentioned, we've got a lot of flexibility on tthey balance ttheyyet. And I think as things get tighter, access to capital is a key strategic advantage for any company, but particularly tthey cannabis company. And as things get, more affordable and make more sense, we would be ttheyre, particularly, you know, possibly around medical assets. And we really, without being too boastful, consider ourselves being one of tthey best if not tthey best, international medical cannabis company out ttheyre. And so you know, those type of things are unique interest to us. Operator Thank you, sir. Tthey next question we have is from Andrew Blonde from Jefferies. Andrew Blonde Hi, good evening, Andrew Blonde on line for Owen Bennett. Thanks for taking our questions. So just around Israel, definitely appreciate timing of shipments can be lumpy, but, tthey market still looks like it's going well. Just wanted to see if you could give a little more detail around how you see shipments trending for tthey rest of tthey year, if ttheyre's been any shipments since tthey end of tthey quarter today? Thank you. Miguel Martin Yes, I'll happy to. I have spent a lot of time in Israel. And I've really had tthey honor of having worked in Israel a lot in my career. And so, I was most recently ttheyre. A couple months ago, tthey situation with Israel is an interesting one. First and foremost, I think you have one of tthey most progressive and thoughtful regulators, globally, a very smart and thoughtful gentleman, Yuval Landschaft, who runs, what's called tthey IMCA, tthey regulator of cannabis in Israel. And you're starting to see, a lot of interest and obviously many of our competitors, shipping Canadian flower in Israel, and I've done that successfully, but you're also seeing a significant growth of local growers in Israel that are becoming successful growing ttheyir own cannabis. And I don't need to name tthey name of my competitors, but I was ttheyre and I've seen many of those grows and been respectful that. So what you're seeing is in a country of 9 million people with about 130,000 patients that ttheyre is probably more supply than demand currently of good to great quality cannabis. And so, while it is always a challenge to navigate tthey very sort of high bar of tthey IMCA to get products into Israel, tthey results also now tthey internal pressure of having local grows, putting out high quality flour, particularly into that market. And so, we have said to everybody that, wtheyn we have a shipment to Israel, we will announce it. And so, in that statement, we have not had won yet ttheir quarter. But what I will say is that, tthey international market beyond Israel does go hot and cold as ttheyse regs are ttheyre. Wtheyn you have a diversified business like we do and you can offset shipments that didn't happen to Israel, was shipping tthey larger shipment anyone's ever shipped into Poland or into Czech Republic or tthey significant growth you have that we have in Australia, you were able to balance out that. And I understand, from an analyst standpoint, it's hard not seeing that regular cadence into a market as important as Israel. But we think that wtheyn you have such breadths internationally overall it's going to smooth out. And we have been pretty good at guiding towards how we think our international medical business is going to do. And that's, without some of tthey new markets that are coming online. So, that's sort of it on Israel and I have great respect for what's going on ttheyre. And I think Israel beyond a place to sell Canadian cannabis will be a leader in genetics, in seed propagation, and starting at some point in export. And so, I'm hopeful for that. And obviously ttheyre is a long theirtory in Israel of biotech. So we are bullish, we're active in Israel. We at ttheir point, don't have a shipment to tell you about. Operator Thank you, sir. Tthey next question we have is from Frederico Gomes from ATB. Frederico Gomes Good afternoon, Miguel and Glen. Thanks for taking my questions. Just with tthey asset rationalization that you're doing right now, closing Sky, could you remind us about tthey facilities that you have last right now? I mean, what's tthey capacity ttheyre in terms of cultivation? How much of that capacity are you currently utilizing and ttheyn as well what are your plans for Sky? Are you looking for a buyer for ttheir app? Does can even have a market for selling facility that size given tthey conditions that we are seeing right now? And also some of your ottheyr facilities as well that you plan to close. Thank you. Miguel Martin Sure. So I'll go as a top line overview and I'll let Glen correct me if I go in terms of tthey exact numbers on production clients by facility. So, our primary facilities our River and Ridge, ttheyy are theirtorical facilities. Ttheyy produce extremely high-quality cannabis. And as we focus on premium products, both domestically, internationally, rec and medical, ttheyy are proven facilities both with theirtorical cultivars and new cultivars. We also retain tthey Wtheirtler facility in BC that we all know produces some of tthey higtheyst quality organic craft cannabis that is always done very well. And ttheyn staying in tthey Canadian market, we also are thrilled what we get with tthey Thrive acquisition, both are a tremendous indoor grow and a focused on concentrates as well as a significantly important outdoor grow that has a wonderful, cost of goods impact, particularly on fresh grows and for extracts and concentrates. Internationally, we have a facility in Germany that we talked about. We also have our Nordic facility as well as our partnership in tthey Nettheyrlands. And we feel confident that both in our internal network as well as tthey partnerships that we have with ottheyrs, that we have more than what we need in terms of current demand with a proper sort of fixed cost. In terms of overall sort of we look at all that in terms of disposition, it's my expectation that Edmonton market, particularly around that airport authority, that sky, we'll have a great buyer and we'll obviously work with our business partners, both at tthey municipal level, like we have with tthey Polaris facility. And tthey same thing would happen Valley is in a tremendous location from agriculture, and ttheyre'll be no issues in terms of finding a great buyer ttheyre. And we'll have to see what happens from CROs and ottheyrs on interest on tthey MD&A. Glen, you want to talk a bit about maybe production quantities or [indiscernible]? Glen Ibbott So, I mean, we have to Scotland before tthey capacity of like River, Ridge, Wtheirtler, et cetera. And ttheyn ttheyy run in tthey neighborhood, sort of, like, I guess, stated capacity at River about 30,000 kilograms a year, Ridge about 5,000 kilograms a year, and Wtheirtler 2000 kilograms a year. But it's more importantly, and I know its total biomass, what we've been focused on in cultivation, and ttheyn more and more expertise is obviously tthey yields and pass rates at spec. So for producing a 25% flower, how you want all your batctheys to be hitting 25% flower circle and falling in value. So, some of tthey -- one of tthey reasons that we're really focusing in River and Ridge is tthey exceptional pass rates are just hitting high levels of THC on a consistent basis, sometimes 100% of tthey batctheys in a particular period will be hitting ttheyre. So that's all really important for producing high quality flower. So it's great to state 30,000 kilograms, our focus has been getting, as much as possible at 30,000, to meet tthey high quality specifications. What we're thrilled about with tthey Thrive team is ttheir is like, one of tthey best brands in Canada. And that's really obvious wtheyn you look at tthey Company and ttheyir performance, but what's under tthey covers is just exceptional expertise in tthey cultivation side. In tthey cultivar selection, you're growing techniques, very scientific method that's backed up by decades of legacy growing experience. You get some folks that kind of came over as part of that team that are getting real, sometimes, twice, what we've been getting a high quality stuff. So, we're excited to see even more coming out of our River and Ridge, we think we've got plenty of capacity ttheyre. As far as it goes in Europe, I think you're asking about wtheyttheyr we could use capacity ttheyre. In fact, we're starting to be concerned about capacity constraints and a couple of years. And it's not a problem. We've got expansion capability ttheyre. And we certainly can continue to export from Canada, but I put it in tthey ottheyr. Don't fall asleep on tthey European opportunity ttheyre. We need everything we can get out of our European facilities. And we're still going to need to supply from Canada over tthey next couple of years. So ttheyre are no problems with tthey International facilities at all. Operator Thank you, sir. Tthey next question we have is from Matt Bottomley from Canaccord Genuity. Please go atheyad. Matt Bottomley I just wanted to go back to one of tthey questions. I think Andrew was asking just about tthey change in tthey increase in tthey anticipated savings. Apologies towards tthey end ttheyre my line was cutting out, but I think I caught most of it. Tthey guidance on reaching a run rate of positive EBITDA, it hasn't changed, but you're adding at tthey midpoint about 90 million of savings. So I understand that, from a standpoint of what you previously telegraph, maybe that sort of breakeven by sort of tthey midpoint of adjusted EBITDA, but adding those 90 million of savings. And wtheyn you say annualized, is that tthey last month or tthey last week of that particular point in time, let's call it midway through fiscal '23, wtheyn that will be achieved, and ttheyn tthey actual cash part of it will be lagging or are we expecting some sort of step function increase into tthey adjusted EBITDA at that point in time given tthey significant increase in ttheyse initiatives? Glen Ibbott Yes, I'll start to unpack that a little bit. So wtheyn we see annualized run rate, we're making a number a series of decisions, some of ttheym happening today, some of ttheym happening in June, and ttheyn et cetera, through tthey summer, and ttheyy execute a tthey shutdown facility obviously takes a number of months. So what we were targeting is that by tthey time we have to Q2, that all tthey decisions are done, tthey Saudis are shuttered that are set to be shuttered. And everything's been executed so that we're running at a rate that is EBITDA positive and that tthey savings have been captured by ttheym. So looking forward, I think it's tthey right way to look at ttheir on a run rate basis, annualized savings. How it differs from before? As we resize ttheir to get to positive EBITDA even at current revenue. So if we took our Q3 revenues of $50 million, just to be dead certain we can hit ttheir EBITDA target we said, what do we need to do to tthey business to make sure that even at a rate like ttheir, which we don't expect to persist, but even at a rate like ttheir, what would it take to be positive? So it's a bigger step, and we take that before. A lot of ttheir shows up in cash savings, or why we're telling you tthey big numbers, is that's all cash savings. Obviously, wtheyn you cut it out of operational savings, Miguel mentioned Sky, you know, it's 7 million a quarter. So ttheyre's almost $30 million annually of cash saving face shattering that facility. So, that's, I think, if you want to think about ttheir sort of tthey run rate theyre. We've got a couple quarters theyre of continuing hard work, to execute all ttheyse savings, but we've got an exceptionally crisp plan and we're executing on it. So cost of goods, obviously, tthey margins will start to improve, you would expect over time. Ttheyre's definitely theyadwind in tthey market, you know that inflation, et cetera, et cetera. But we think we're going to at least cover that if not more through ttheyse cross rationalizations and tthey SG&A cuts to get us to positive EBITDA in a quarter that looks like Q3. Miguel Martin Yes, I guess tthey ottheyr couple points I would make is one is, why you hate to do ttheyse things. Ttheir is a team that has a bit of experience now doing it. It's also a team with some new leaders in place that come from a background, wtheyttheyr that's our new theyad of operations, who comes from Kraft and PNG, or a new Head of HR, who comes from Hilton, AmEx. So, ttheyy're -- ttheir is a different management team that's running through ttheir. Tthey second part is, we're going to continue to give updates tthey best we see it. And I understand while some people may say, well, Miguel, geez, I understand ttheyse enhance savings, why wouldn't you increase your raise your guidance overall. And I'm a bit sensitive to tthey theirtory of tthey Company saying, it's going to do something, particularly around profitability and savings and not getting ttheyre. Ttheyn Glen's right and talking about tthey structural differences of ttheir based upon tthey current revenue. So, you know, that's why I want to see a little bit of tthey execution. I want to see a little bit of tthey timing. It's a bit of a, you know, a wonky time period with inflation and some ottheyr aspects going on. If we get closer with greater clarity, of course, we'll be transparent and ttheyn people know that, but we want to be a bit conservative theyre in terms of how we provide guidance on ttheir, because I am sensitive to how people have looked at theirtorical statements on tthey Company. Operator Thank you, sir. So our final question comes from Doug Miehm from RBC Capital Markets. Doug Miehm Thank you. I just wanted to go back to ttheir so that I'm sure I understand Aurora Sky. So, it's operating at 25% capacity today. I'm just curious ttheyn, what is it making and what are tthey revenues roughly coming out of that site? And is it losing $10 million to $20 million a year or even more by tthey sounds of it? Miguel Martin So, Doug, let me go, I mean, put up with ttheir a little theirtory bit. Sky was originally created as many people on ttheir call know better than I, to be tthey one of tthey largest global automated, almost completely automated facilities to grow, what I would call mid-tier flower. And tthey reason that was okay, because at that time a 16 or 18 potency product was more than acceptable for tthey Canadian market and some ottheyr markets. As tthey consumer evolved very quickly, bud quality density, moisture, all of those things, and ttheyn potency and terps and all ttheyse ottheyr sort of core character attributes did not lend itself to automation. And we are not tthey only one that sort of talked about that. So, Sky had to be retrofitted very rapidly. And as you might imagine, a facility of that nature has a different sort of profile genetically of cultivars that do well. And so, wtheyn you couple tthey rapid sort of expansion of what a consumer wanted, particularly in tthey rec business and with tthey need for new cultivars scale of that size became a bit of an impediment. And so, we pivoted sky and made massive improvements and absolute kudos to tthey folks that worked ttheyre, in order to find a home for that product, particularly internationally, wtheyre you would have higtheyr margins that would sustain tthey overall fixed cost of that facility. And as you might imagine, wtheyttheyr it's utility cost, wtheyttheyr it's maintenance, wtheyttheyr it's all of those things that were created under a past sort of scenario, Sky became really untenable. And so, we took it down to 25%, and yes, it was losing a significant amount of money as we had to allocate tthey overall costs of that facility against tthey product that was created ttheyre, which was almost entirely flour. And as flour prices, particularly in tthey rec market cratered for everybody, it became ttheir ongoing piece. And ttheyn, wtheyn Israel particularly became a little bit more, I would say, less consistent, it really became untenable. And wtheyn overall we took our rec business down to what we think is sustainable in terms of focus on premium, it just didn't make sense. And so, that's really how we got to wtheyre we got to. And I think, we have been pretty proactive in reducing our footprint, wtheyttheyr that was Sky, wtheyttheyr that was previously with Sun, and Valley and ottheyrs. And we continue to do what I think most would say is tthey right thing for tthey business to have tthey right cost structure overall for tthey amount of cannabis we need. And lastly is, as you see an expansion into ottheyr items, concentrate, infuse pre-rolls, vapes, ingestibles in tthey Canadian market, massive facilities, just producing flour, just don't make sense to tthey tune of millions and millions of dollars of losses, if you keep ttheym open. Operator Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reactheyd tthey end of our question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn tthey call back to Miguel Martin for closing remarks. Please go atheyad, sir. Miguel Martin Well, I want to thank everybody for taking tthey time to continue to listen to Aurora story. We've never been more confident about tthey targets we have in front of us. Hopefully, people understand we continue to make tthey tough calls based on what we think is right for tthey shareholders. If you look at tthey balance ttheyyet, if you look at our core cannabis business, which is international medical, ttheyy've never been stronger. And so, we're excited about tthey quarters and we appreciate all of your coverage and interest in Aurora. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.