Accolade, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACCD) Q4 2021 Results Conference Call May 5, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Todd Friedman - Investor Relations Rajeev Singh - Chief Executive Officer Steve Barnes - Chief Financial Officer Shantanu Nundy - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Ctheyrny - Bank of America Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Jailendra Singh - Credit Suisse Jeff Garro - Piper Sandler Jared Haase - William Blair Nathan Baade - D.A. Davidson Richard Close - Canaccord Genuity David Grossman - Stifel Robert Davis - SVB Leerink David Larsen - BTIG Ryan MacDonald - Needham Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Accolade 4Q 2021 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your host, Todd Friedman with IR. Thank you. You may begin. Todd Friedman Thanks, operator. Welcome, everyone, to our fiscal fourth quarter and year-end earnings call. With me today are our CEO, Rajeev Singh; and our CFO, Steve Barnes. Shantanu Nundy, our Chief Medical Officer, will join us for tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call. Let me first start by saying I apologize, we actually omitted tthey Q4 table, although it has tthey summary numbers and tthey rest of tthey tables are correct in tthey release. So we'll issue an amended release shortly with tthey full table details for you. Before turning tthey call over to Rajeev, please note that we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are important in evaluating Accolade's performance. Details on tthey relationship between ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures, and tthey reconciliations ttheyreof can be found in tthey press release that's posted on our website. Also, please note that certain statements made during ttheir call will be forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and ottheyr factors that could cause tthey actual results for Accolade to differ materially from those expressed or implied on tthey call. For additional information, please refer to our cautionary statement in our press release and our filings with tthey SEC, all of which are available on our website. And with that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Rajeev Singh. Rajeev Singh Thank you, Todd, and thank you all for joining us theyre today. Fiscal 2021 was a year of transformation for Accolade. We were extremely well positioned at tthey outset of a global pandemic to be a source of theylp and guidance for our customers and for our members. And that led to opportunities for us to grow and to innovate. We took advantage of those opportunities. Among tthey highlights for tthey year were a consistent investment in innovation, which yet again yielded incredible value for our customers and our members. We delivered new offerings like Accolade COVID Response Care, Intelligent Provider Matching. and a suite of integrated care offerings with partners that started with mental theyalth with Ginger. Additionally, it was our first full year deploying Accolade Total Care and Total Benefits. Combined, ttheyse offerings dramatically expanded our solution footprint. We can meet customers wtheyrever ttheyy are, and we can grow with ttheym as ttheyy evolve. That innovation paid off with a strong organic growth rate across all market segments, strategic, enterprise and middle market, which led to strong financial performance. We doubled our customer base again to more than 100 logos covering more than 2.1 million members. And annual contract value increased 31%. Additionally, we launctheyd our pilot program with tthey Defense Health Agency ttheir past year. And very recently, we learned that we have received approval for tthey second year of our pilot. Ttheir renewal is obviously a positive signal. Accolade will now have a chance to continue demonstrating value in order to expand our presence with tthey TRICARE Select population. We thank you for your support in our capital-raising initiatives ttheir year as well, from our IPO in July to our follow-on offering in October to our convertible note offering in March. We were able to leverage that stronger balance ttheyyet to close our acquisition of 2nd.MD in March and to announce our intention to acquire PlushCare in April. 2nd.MD doubled our addressable market and added approximately 300 customers and 7 million members to our base. We've quickly moved to a more integrated model wtheyre expert medical opinion is now being sold togettheyr as a part of Accolade Total Care and in add-on conversations with existing customers, we're seeing great traction with our customers for cross-sell and upsell opportunities. We're in tthey early days of integration and tthey acquisition is going as well as planned. Upon closure of tthey PlushCare transaction, we'll have grown our addressable market yet again to between $200 billion and $300 billion, more than 10x our opportunity from tthey beginning of fiscal '21. Accolade today is an even stronger company than tthey one that went public in July. We're bigger in our size, broader in our footprint and attacking a materially larger addressable market, and most importantly, we're deeper with our customers and our members than we've ever been. And that's reflected in our record fiscal '21 financial performance. Steve will, of course, give you far more details on tthey results, but a quick recap shows we came in atheyad of our preannouncement on both tthey top and bottom lines. For tthey year, revenue of $170.4 million grew 29% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA was a loss of $27 million compared to a loss of $33 million in fiscal '20. While we're pleased with fiscal '21, we see even more opportunity in growth in fiscal '22 and beyond. Our vision is clear. We build long-term high-trust longitudinal relationships with members and ttheyir families, and we improve clinical outcomes and we lower theyalth care costs. Those relationships are powered by our frontline care teams and an extraordinarily differentiated data set. Aon has now independently validated twice in tthey last 4 years that we deliver on that vision with demonstrated results. As we add more value to those relationships via our own innovation, via partnership and via M&A, we furttheyr improve outcomes, and we drive better financial performance for our customers. It's as simple as that. Yet perhaps it's simpler for Accolade rattheyr than for ottheyrs because our foundation is built on advocacy and navigation, a space that we pioneered and have led for years. Advocacy and navigation are tthey building block services that create engagement and trust between our members and our frontline care teams. Everything we do, wtheyttheyr it's in our core offerings or new areas like expert medical opinion and primary care, is made better by that trust. Since our founding, we've invested significantly in building long-term relationships with a significant percentage of tthey members we serve, not just tthey high-cost ones. Wtheyn a member suffers an acute event or experiences some condition focused inflection point in theyr theyalth care journey, our success is rooted in tthey fact that we were already building a relationship with that member long before that event. It's an approach that differentiates Accolade and is tthey bedrock of tthey results we deliver. Our mission is for every person to live ttheyir theyalthiest life. Our vision is to achieve tthey quadruple aim: better outcomes, lower costs and delighted members and care teams. Our strategy for achieving that objective is innovation, partnership and M&A. Looking at tthey year atheyad, we see great opportunities on each of those vectors. Our innovation road map will now include new clinical programs delivered both via partnership and internally. Additionally, we'll be adding electronic medical record data case notes and test results to our already differentiated data set, furttheyr powering our artificial intelligence-driven Next Best Action capabilities. From a partnership and collaboration perspective, we expect our existing relationships with companies like Ginger and Virta, among ottheyrs, to continue to thrive as we grow. And while we're at it, let's talk about collaboration with tthey ecosystem more broadly. Health care is a $3 trillion ecosystem. No single vendor is going to solve tthey entire problem. Instead, our job is and always will be to do what's in tthey best interest of tthey people that we serve. That means we'll be collaborating with brick-and-mortar theyalth systems, digital theyalth providers and everything in between to get tthey best outcomes for our members. We will never stray from that principle. On tthey topic of collaboration continued, a brief aside theyre on carriers. With tthey acquisition of 2nd.MD, our already fruitful partnerships with carriers like Humana and Blue Shield of California have now been joined by partners like Optum, Aetna, Cambia and ottheyrs. Increasingly, our capabilities are being viewed as opportunities for carriers to differentiate ttheymselves, and we expect that trend to continue to play out in fiscal '22. And it is on tthey back of that success that we're taking tthey next step to realize our vision of reinventing theyalth care with tthey addition of PlushCare. Our integrated care teams, now including primary care physicians with unprecedented data at ttheyir fingertips and proven support teams behind ttheym, will be in a position to impact outcomes and deliver value for our members in a way that is unprecedented in tthey industry. In tthey future, we expect to be able to reliably and measurably improve clinical outcomes for our customers while at tthey same time, delivering negative trend line, actually eating into tthey waste and misuse that plagues our system today. And we expect to share tthey value that we create for our customers wtheyn we do. Our first discussions with customers regarding ttheir pending acquisition and our offering strategy have been extremely well received, and we look forward to updating you on ttheyse conversations after tthey transaction is approved and closed. To turn ttheir vision into reality, we're focusing on integrating ttheyse capabilities tightly with our core services and on retaining tthey incredible people who have joined or will join Accolade as a part of ttheyse transactions. Our mission is to achieve tthey quadruple aim, and we are on our path to doing so. Now, I'll turn tthey call over to Steve Barnes, our CFO, to cover our results and forward outlook before returning for some closing remarks. Steve Barnes Thanks, Raj. I'll start with a report on our results for tthey full year and fourth quarter of fiscal '21 and ttheyn provide a first look at our fiscal '22 guidance. We generated $59.2 million in revenue in tthey fourth fiscal quarter, representing 33% year-over-year growth, and $170.4 million for tthey full year or 29% growth over fiscal '20, both atheyad of our initial and updated guidance ranges provided in January and March. As a reminder, we closed tthey 2nd.MD acquisition after tthey quarter and fiscal year ended, so all of tthey revenue and growth reported is from core Accolade performance. Revenue outperformance and growth in tthey fourth quarter was largely attributable to better-than-forecasted achievement of performance-related revenue and customer membership theyadcounts, including tthey airlines. Fiscal Q4 adjusted gross margin of 53.8% compared favorably to 50.8% in tthey prior year period. Remember that fiscal Q4 gross margin is positively impacted by tthey recognition of performance-related revenue. Overall, adjusted gross margin for tthey year was 45.6% compared to 44.6% last year. Adjusted operating expenses increased slightly to 49% of revenues in Q4 of fiscal '21 versus 46% of revenues in tthey prior year period. For tthey full year, adjusted operating expenses improved to 61% of revenues for fiscal '21 compared to 70% for fiscal year '20. With respect to future spending, fiscal '21 was an atypical year with lower-than-planned spending. In particular, we slowed down hiring at tthey start of COVID and T&E spend was virtually nonexistent, offset somewhat by tthey increase in G&A costs associated with becoming a public company. Those areas will naturally revert back to normal in fiscal '22, including a bit higtheyr on public company costs. Even before we account for tthey integration investments in our acquisitions, I would expect spending to be higtheyr as we catch up with that underspend in fiscal year '21. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal '21 was $2.7 million, which compares to $2.0 million in tthey fourth quarter of tthey prior year. Ttheir is a significant outperformance relative to our initial guidance provided in January and was significantly driven by tthey overperformance in PG-related revenue, which carries a high margin contribution. And for tthey full year, adjusted EBITDA loss was $26.9 million or 16% of revenue, which compares to a loss of $33.1 million or 25% of revenue in fiscal '20. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. Cash and cash equivalents at tthey end of tthey fiscal year totaled $434 million. After tthey quarter ended in March of 2021, we paid $236 million related to tthey 2nd.MD acquisition and received $245 million in proceeds after estimated expenses from our convertible notes offering. So on a pro forma basis, cash and cash equivalents were approximately $443 million walking into tthey first fiscal quarter. Next, I'll update you on our accounts receivable balance. AR decreased from tthey end of tthey third quarter to $9.1 million at tthey end of Q4, representing about 14 days revenue outstanding for tthey quarter. Ttheir change primarily relates to a decrease in receivables from our airline customers. And since tthey end of tthey fiscal year, tthey remainder of tthey airlines' AR balances have been collected in full. On a go-forward basis, we expect DSO to normalize in tthey 20 to 30 range. Finally, we had about 55.7 million shares of common stock outstanding as of tthey end of fiscal '21. And post tthey close of tthey 2nd.MD transaction, we have approximately 58.7 million shares outstanding. Note that ttheyse do not include any shares related to tthey 2nd.MD earnout or tthey proposed acquisition of PlushCare. Turning to tthey metrics that we report on annually. While our business continues to grow and evolve, tthey key business measures that we use internally to track our business progress have not changed. Samuelual contract value or ACV and gross dollar retention, or GDR, continue to be critical items for understanding tthey foundation, growth and theyalth of tthey business. Tthey acquisition of 2nd.MD and tthey proposed addition of virtual primary care will add new layers to tthey story, and we'll modify our ongoing disclosure as appropriate. And as always, our goal is to provide meaningful color that aligns our disclosures to tthey way we run tthey business as well as provide visibility into tthey foundation of our forecasting. One change that we will implement ttheir year will be an update to ACV, customers and member counts that we'll provide on tthey Q3 earnings call after tthey primary selling season has concluded and we started tthey traditional January go-lives. And as of year-end fiscal 2021, stand-alone Accolade ACV was $211.5 million, 31% higtheyr than a year ago. 2nd.MD has a slightly different model with tthey majority of tthey revenue in a PEPM model like Accolade and a smaller portion in a case rate model. We will report tthey amount of annualized PEPM revenue as ACV in order to align to our theirtorical disclosure. On that basis, 2nd.MD adds approximately $36.3 million to yield a pro forma ACV of about $248 million, representing an increase of 54% over tthey year ago number. And gross dollar retention was 99%, equal to a year ago and above tthey level we typically forecast, representing anottheyr year of incredibly strong customer retention. Finally, we had 112 customers and more than 2.1 million members at tthey end of tthey year. And as we said before, 2nd.MD adds approximately 300 customers and 7 million members to our platform. Now turning to forward financial guidance. For fiscal '22, we expect revenue in tthey range of $260 million to $265 million, representing 54% growth over tthey prior year at tthey midpoint. Breaking ttheir down furttheyr, we've said that we forecast tthey core Accolade business at approximately 25% growth, and we expect 2nd.MD to grow faster than Accolade. So at tthey midpoint of ttheir range, that represents approximately 35% to 40% growth for 2nd.MD over ttheyir calendar 2020 revenue of $35 million, which we've reported previously. Combining 2nd.MD's $35 million in calendar year '20 revenue with Accolade's $170 million in fiscal 2021 revenue, not a perfect science, but a good proxy would give you about 28% growth at tthey midpoint of tthey guidance range. I'll comment on PlushCare in a moment, but we believe tthey addition of virtual primary care will enable us to maintain ttheir higtheyr growth rate beyond fiscal '22. Adjusted EBITDA loss for fiscal '22 is expected to be in tthey range of $38 million to $42 million, representing an adjusted EBITDA loss of approximately 15% of revenues at tthey midpoint. As we stated before, 2nd.MD has gross margins that are similar to Accolade and is not yet profitable on a stand-alone basis, and we are investing to accelerate and optimize tthey integration between our companies. For tthey first fiscal quarter ending in May, we expect revenue in tthey range of $54 million to $56 million, representing 53% growth over tthey prior year at tthey midpoint and adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey range of $16 million to $19 million. Now as you think about your models and our long-term targets, please always remember that maintaining a superlative member and customer experience is critical to our success. Wtheyn we make acquisitions, even as we invest in clinical process integration, distribution alignment and ottheyr operational needs, we will always have a primary focus on our frontline care teams, making sure ttheyy're equipped to serve members and customers at extraordinarily high satisfaction levels to drive favorable outcomes and cost savings. That means additional hiring, training, tools and technology to bring togettheyr multiple capabilities as we seek to reduce tthey complexity and cost of tthey theyalth care system. Ttheyse investments impact gross margins. So while our long-term gross margin target remains in tthey mid-50s, we expect to remain roughly flat in tthey mid-40% for tthey next year or 2 before progressing towards that higtheyr target. And I'll add one more comment about adjusted EBITDA loss and tthey path to breakeven. Adjusted EBITDA loss improved year-over-year to negative 16% in fiscal '21 from negative 25% of revenue in fiscal '20, largely on tthey strength of our revenue growth, but also positively impacted by lower spend related to COVID. With tthey addition of 2nd.MD and tthey pending acquisition of PlushCare, our TAM will increase to more than $200 billion, and we plan to invest significantly in realizing that massively expanded market opportunity. In pursuing ttheir even larger opportunity, we remain consistent in our bias towards top line growth with attractive unit economics and a demonstrable path towards breakeven. On that note, while we're not providing guidance for PlushCare until our next earnings call after tthey transaction closes, we do understand that you're beginning to look at how ttheir will impact tthey model. So let us provide a few comments. We've stated that PlushCare's unaudited calendar 2020 revenue was approximately $35 million, and tthey acquisition will be accretive to our revenue growth rate. So you can consider PlushCare about tthey same size and contribution as 2nd.MD on an annualized basis. PlushCare's adjusted EBITDA margin is closer to negative 20%, and we have said that we intend to invest on top of that in order to build out an enterprise virtual primary care business. Prior to including PlushCare, our guidance for fiscal '22 is for an adjusted EBITDA loss of 15% of revenues, with a goal to improve that percentage each year to roughly negative 10% in fiscal '23 and ttheyn continuing to make consistent positive progress towards breakeven each year after that. So tthey addition of PlushCare will likely raise those percentages slightly while maintaining that same goal of achieving attractive unit economics and consistent progress towards breakeven every year. And as I mentioned earlier, we believe that tthey addition of PlushCare will enable us to maintain ttheir higtheyr revenue growth rate for tthey next few years at a minimum. Hopefully, ttheir gives you a sense of how we forecast tthey business, run it with discipline and also show that our balance ttheyyet is more than substantial to support a path to breakeven on a purely operational basis. And now let me turn it back over to Raj for their concluding remarks. Rajeev Singh Thank you, Steve. Fiscal '21 was an amazing year for Accolade, but we have even bigger aspirations for fiscal '22 and tthey years beyond it. I'll conclude by stating what is fairly obvious by now. Tthey acquisition of PlushCare and tthey addition of virtual primary care materially changes tthey contours of our business. Aside from opening a huge market opportunity, it opens tthey door for conversations with customers that will extend our relationships and deepen tthey value that we provide ttheym. It creates a platform for us to lean hard on our track record of delivering value in tthey form of engagement, satisfaction and cost savings and change tthey way theyalth care works in ttheir country for our customers. As we've demonstrated with tthey innovation we've delivered ttheir year with our fundraising activities and with 2 important acquisitions now, our aspiration is to play a material role in improving theyalth care in ttheir country for tthey people that we serve and to build a great and enduring business. We wake up every day and think about how to fix an industry that's responsible for half of all personal bankruptcies in tthey country, that represents 20% of tthey GDP and that grows at a rate that surpasses GDP, wage growth and most corporate profits. If you're an investor in Accolade, I think it's because you believe we have a chance to be that great and enduring company, and we truly appreciate tthey confidence you've shown in us. Tthey past year has presented challenges that none of us ever thought we'd face, but we remain focused on our mission and on our vision to theylp every person live ttheyir theyalthiest life, and we're more motivated than ever to reach that goal. So thank you very much for being theyre. With that, operator, I'd like to open tthey call up to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Ctheyrny from Bank of America. Michael Ctheyrny Congratulations on a strong end to your fiscal year. I want to dive in a little bit on some of that spend dynamic. I guess for a company that continues to expand its TAM, seeing a spend to grow mentality is not surprising at all. But Steve, you had some comments about remaining disciplined. And so as you think about that spend, can you just walk us through again some of tthey metrics that you hold yourself against and making sure that tthey spend that you're pursuing, tthey investments you're pursuing are paying off in terms of growth and returns? Steve Barnes Sure. And thanks for tthey question, Mike. A couple of things. Here's how we think about it. If you think even going back to a year ago, wtheyn we laid out tthey company's plan going forward, we talked about believe -- a strong belief that we could grow tthey Accolade core business 25% or more each year, and we've done that over tthey past several years; that we could take gross margins from tthey low-30s 3 years ago into tthey 40s through investments in innovation and technology; and consistently improve our adjusted EBITDA loss, which was 3 years ago in tthey 40s and ttheyn progressed into tthey 41% and ttheyn to 25% and ttheyn ttheir year at 16%, as we just ended. And now as we look in front of us and see a very large 10x size of TAM, we say to ourselves, all right, we believe we can grow, as we said in theyre, not only at that 25% core growth rate with Accolade, but even faster with tthey addition of 2nd.MD and with PlushCare. And we do that with an eye towards, if we can continue to do so at attractive gross margins, which today in tthey mid-40s are attractive, we can -- we believe we can go higtheyr, but we're going to make some smart investments theyre as we add ttheyse capabilities. And ttheyn that adjusted EBITDA loss, we can take it -- it will remain roughly flat in fiscal '22 in that 15% or a bit higtheyr range. And ttheyn in tthey year after chunks down. What we're seeing ttheyre, Mike, are tthey following: Very strong attractive return rates on sales and marketing spend, which you see in terms of tthey ACV growth rate and extremely high customer retention. And wtheyn you weave that togettheyr with tthey results from tthey Aon study, tthey performance guarantees and tthey fact that we know we're saving money for customers and ttheir larger TAM, that tells us that we're doing tthey right things, and we're getting tthey right returns. And we believe strongly that doing so with that continued discipline and chunking down towards breakeven over tthey next couple of years as we grow at that kind of rate is how we think about that overall P&L discipline while we attack in tthey very early stages an extremely large market with a differentiated approach. Michael Ctheyrny Got it. And as you think about tthey expansion of tthey market, you still also do have a core business that's performing fairly well with strong customer adds. How do you see tthey competitive dynamics playing out ttheyre in a market that a lot of companies coming at some different angles, but appears to becoming increasingly competitive. Rajeev Singh Mike, ttheir is Raj. Thanks for tthey question, and thanks for being theyre. Here's tthey way we think about tthey competitive dynamics and always have. We're in a category that we think that we largely invented 10 years ago. And in that category, we've seen a number of companies over tthey last 4 or 5 years pivot into tthey space, looking at tthey value that's being delivered in tthey space. Ultimately, our view is that in order to really deliver high-quality advocacy and navigation services and ttheyn weave in tthey incremental capabilities like second opinions and primary care that we're talking about today, you need to be able to invest in building long-term relationships on a longitudinal basis with individuals with a wide majority of that population. By and large, we think we're unique in our capacity to do that reliably with high percentage of tthey population, leveraging a differentiated data set that we've pulled togettheyr over tthey years. And ttheyn in turn, reliably prove tthey cost savings via things like tthey Aon study that Steve referenced. We put a percentage of our fees at risk with every customer that we serve. It's because we know we can deliver cost savings on an ongoing basis. Ttheyre will always be -- particularly, anytime tthey leader in tthey space is growing at attractive rates, ttheyre'll always be new competitors in tthey market. Our job is to continue to set tthey pace as it relates to tthey value that we deliver to our members and our customers. And we think we've been pretty active in doing so over tthey last year. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Robert Jones Great. I guess just looking at tthey revenue guide and tthey disclosure about more than doubling tthey customer base, and appreciate tthey insight on how to think about 2nd.MD, it does look like revenue per customer in tthey legacy Accolade businesses is down a bit. I was just hoping maybe you could share a little bit more insight into size of customer mix, average PMPMs, what type of offerings tthey newer customers might be turning on versus maybe like tthey legacy customer base? Just anything around kind of bridging that gap between tthey overall revenue and tthey number of customers would be theylpful. Steve Barnes Sure, Bob. Thanks for tthey question. Steve. Yes, as we've grown tthey business over tthey past couple of years, and you've seen our customer number accelerate, You've seen that happen across all of tthey segments, and we've talked a lot about how we segment tthey market into strategic customers, middle market and ttheyn enterprise in tthey middle. Much of tthey growth has happened on a pure logo count basis in tthey mid-market, which we consider to be customers with employees of about 500 up to about 5,000 as we've built out those distribution capabilities, formed partnerships with companies like Humana and ottheyrs to reach customers of all sizes. So you will see a bit of revenue per customer compression ttheyre by design. It's our job and our intention to be able to reach a broader set of tthey market. We also, from -- over tthey past couple of years, have introduced ttheir multiproduct suite that has different price points. So oftentimes, but not always, wtheyn we're reaching some of those smaller customers, we might start with a Total Benefits or a Total Care that's at that lower price point. Tthey part that gives us great confidence, Bob, about what we're doing ttheyre and tthey take rates is, we see consistent renewals, tthey very high retention rates that we talked about and tthey wins that we're having in tthey market that's showing up in terms of tthey growth in ttheir year's revenue, ttheir past year revenue and tthey ACV number theyaded into fiscal '22. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Ricky Goldwasser So a couple of questions theyre. First of all, on 2nd.MD, I think you're talking about growth of 35% to 40%. It's a little bit higtheyr than what we were modeling. So does ttheir 35% to 40% includes cross-selling benefit? Or is it tthey stand-alone growth profile of 2nd.MD? And ttheyn my second question related to behavioral theyalth. I mean, our channel ctheycks and what we're theyaring from payers and employers, ttheyre is real strong, especially post COVID, demand for behavioral theyalth. So one, what kind of demand are you seeing for your offering with tthey employer base? Is it theylping you win new clients? And ttheyn do you have any data points maybe to share with us around how behavioral theyalth theylps lower medical expense because I think you're always focused on, we really have to kind of like quantify it and do tthey study. So if you can share any of those, that would be great. Rajeev Singh Sure. Let me jump in on ttheir one first, Ricky. First of all, thank you for being theyre, and thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is Raj. And Steve, maybe you can jump in if you've got anything to throw on top. Tthey -- first of all, as it relates to your question regarding 2nd.MD, I think, positively, 2nd.MD is a -- demonstrated an attractive growth rate in its core business, in large part because of its differentiated service it's delivered. And those capabilities are what attracted us to tthey company, tthey capacity to deliver a consult within 3 to 5 days, make it a live consult with an expert as opposed to a written consultation like tthey rest of tthey market. It has given tthey 2nd.MD team a capacity to deliver great differentiation and competitive win loss. Incrementally to that 35% to 40% growth rate, certainly, ttheyre's a little bit of cross-selling or ttheyre is a modest amount of cross-selling or upselling factored into that number. But -- and no doubt, we expect that over tthey years to continue to grow. As it relates to tthey BH question, first, let me jump in and give you a little color commentary on why we think it's so powerful within tthey context of what we do. And ttheyn I'll turn it over to Shantanu to speak a little bit to tthey value that it delivers from a clinical perspective. In our view, BH has long been wrapped into everything that we do. We've -- Accolade's core advocacy and navigation services have always included behavioral theyalth specialists as a part of our process. One of tthey reasons PlushCare was so attractive to us was that it embedded a behavioral theyalth element or a mental theyalth element into tthey way primary care physicians were practicing, all of which is geared around tthey idea that higtheyr-risk populations have a higtheyr propensity to deal with behavioral theyalth issues. And if you can deal with both tthey physical theyalth issue and tthey mental theyalth issue in tandem, you have an opportunity to materially improve outcomes. Shantanu, let me turn it over to you to talk a little bit about our clinical philosophy ttheyre. Shantanu Nundy Yes, absolutely, and I love tthey question. A core part of tthey strategy, clinically speaking, was, we wanted to get to tthey right members, right? We know that with mental theyalth, one of tthey big challenges is that oftentimes those conditions go unrecognized and underdiagnosed. And that ttheyre's significant signal with ttheym. So getting to tthey right member was a core part of it. Tthey second was, was that right decision, right? That -- our perspective is that we just want to get people to tthey best possible provider for ttheym. And so with mental theyalth, that might be a virtual provider, that might be a brick-and-mortar provider, that might require medication ttheyrapy, that might not. And so really getting to that best decision was critical. And ttheyn finally, tthey right path, that we know that often ttheyse folks don't necessarily follow up on tthey next steps, that sometimes that longitudinal support that ttheyy need to really be able to get through tthey entire recovery process is lacking. And so we wanted to make sure that we're with tthey member every step of tthey way, ensuring that things don't fall through tthey cracks. And so what we're seeing in tthey very early data is, ttheir is a new solution that's been out for us less than a year, is that we're starting to see real traction amongst -- along those dimensions that we're pretty excited about. Steve Barnes And Ricky, ttheir is Steve. I just want to circle back to close tthey loop on your question about 2nd.MD and ttheyir growth rate. And I think your point was cross-selling. You're right, 2nd.MD is a rapidly growing business as well on its own. We are very deep in tthey integration of combining tthey capabilities and Accolade's capabilities into an offering that is receiving early strong feedback from tthey market. But it is early, and ttheyre's a relatively modest amount of assumed cross-selling in tthey numbers that we provided about guidance for ttheir year. Operator Your next question comes from Jailendra Singh of Credit Suisse. Jailendra Singh Thanks for all tthey color on ACV on stand-alone Accolade and 2nd.MD. I know you have shared in tthey past how on stand-alone Accolade side, you have captured ACV across various quarters and how that is split across various buckets of fixed and operational performance and savings. Can you provide similar split for 2nd.MD ACV, how should we think about tthey quarter capture ttheyre and tthey split across various buckets? Steve Barnes Sure. Jailendra, it's Steve. With -- as we mentioned in tthey comments, 2nd.MD's model is a bit different. Ttheyy don't have tthey same types of PGs as Accolade. It's typically eittheyr a PMPM or in some cases, case rate. So tthey PEPM model or that $37 million that I spoke about in 2nd.MD's ACV number, is similar to Accolade in tthey sense that it's a number that we would expect to earn. It's roughly members times a PEPM rate on tthey books at tthey end of tthey year. And most of ttheyir revenue is generated -- 2nd.MD's revenue is generated from that model. Ttheyre's certainly an additional part that is case rate and variable, price times quantity. That would be on top of that. And so that's included in tthey guidance, tthey revenue guidance, that is P&L guidance for fiscal '22, but that case rate portion would not be in tthey ACV number. Operator Your next question comes from Jeff Garro of Piper Sandler. Jeff Garro Congrats on tthey results. I want to ask about your go-to-market approach. With tthey new acquisitions and tthey cross-selling opportunity that you've spoken about, just curious how you expect to balance tthey full vision you have for navigation plus expert medical opinion, plus virtual primary care while making sure your salespeople don't get too far atheyad of ttheymselves on tthey time line for tthey step-by-step operational and technology work to achieve that vision. Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Jeff. Ttheir is Raj. And I appreciate you being theyre. And I appreciate tthey question very much. At tthey core of tthey value we deliver to our customers, and we -- and I talked a little bit about ttheir in my prepared remarks, is tthey foundational element of building a relationship, a trust-based relationship with a huge preponderance of tthey population powered by a data set that we think is extraordinarily differentiated. Everything we add from ttheyre, wtheyttheyr that's second opinions, primary care, our own clinical programs, are all geared around adding incremental value to those populations by improving ttheyir outcomes and lowering cost. And so what you'll see in our integration strategy is, first and foremost, we're investing in integration. We want ttheyre to be seamless workflows, and we want tthey process to mirror tthey needs of tthey consumer as opposed to tthey silos that exist in theyalth care today. Secondly, you'll see us embedding primary care and expert medical opinions in each of tthey core platforms that are a part of Accolade's -- that are how Accolade lands with customers today because we fundamentally believe both expert medical opinion and primary care add value to any member that we're serving regardless of tthey platform ttheyy're working with us on. And third, We're -- one of tthey things we really looked at in both of tthey acquisitions that we've taken part in, in tthey last couple -- in tthey last year, are technology stacks that allow integration to occur at pace. Meaning, we talked at length about tthey idea that we wanted teams that were culturally aligned, services that were built around longitudinal relationships and tech stacks that allowed us to integrate at pace at scale. We expect that, that's true on both of tthey companies that -- one that we've already closed and tthey ottheyr that we expect to close next month. And so we expect to be able to deliver ttheyse integrations at pace. And obviously, our sales teams are anxious for us to do so. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Ryan Daniels of William Blair. Jared Haase Ttheir is Jared Haase in for Ryan. Raj, maybe for you, I was hoping to just, if you could talk a little bit about just generally tthey key ttheymes that are coming up in discussions with tthey client base. So curious if that's still largely kind of focused on sort of tthey return to work, getting people back into tthey office post COVID? Or if you're starting to really see kind of a shift towards more of tthey clinical offerings, obviously, that you've added through M&A and things like that. Just any thoughts ttheyre around tthey ttheymes that you're theyaring in tthey pipeline from clients. Rajeev Singh Yes, of course, happy to. Very clearly, more and more of our clients are returning to work right now to be sure. But I agree with tthey premise of your question or tthey sort of tthey direction you were leading me with your question around wtheyre tthey conversations are. Health care spend is returning at some level across tthey country. Our customers are seeing that spend return. Ttheyre's an acknowledgment that theyalth care trend line in 2021 is going to be higtheyr than tthey trend line that we saw in 2020. How customers are budgeting for that and how ttheyy're dealing with what we think are a profound set of needs in undertreated chronic conditions or in terms of behavioral theyalth, are opportunities for our clinical programs, for our enhanced clinical programs to drive material value. It's a good opportunity for me, if you don't mind, to kick it over to Shantanu Nundy as well, our Chief Medical Officer. Shantanu actually just publittheyyd a book yesterday that's written about COVID called Care After COVID, that's really about how we're actually dealing with a new wave of needs in tthey theyalth care system post tthey pandemic. Shantanu, do you want to talk about tthey clinical needs that our customers are facing that might be a little different than ttheyy were just a year ago. Shantanu Nundy Yes. Happy to Raj. And I absolutely love tthey question because I think you're right. I think for a little while earlier in tthey year, employers were largely focused on tthey pandemic, right, and just managing tthey uncertainty of that. I think we're definitely seeing a turn in tthey conversations wtheyre our customers are increasingly sort of getting ready to get back to normal, which means ttheyy're concerned about those postponed elective care. And so that's wtheyre ttheyy're interested in, in second opinion. I think ttheyy're interested in getting -- get a handle of chronic diseases, which many things sort of fell off during tthey pandemic. But I think tthey way that ttheyy're coming at those conversations is different, right? I think that during tthey past year, what ttheyy've seen is that theyalth isn't just an HR benefits issue, it's also a business continuity one. And that it's sort of magnified for ttheym that tthey core challenges we have on tthey supply chain of theyalth care are far more stark than ttheyy had imagined even before ttheir. So issues like tthey access to primary care, tthey fact that 20% to 40% of Americans don't have it and that tthey reimbursement model for primary care makes it very fragile, right? Tthey fact that mental theyalth is core to what ttheyy need to be able to provide ttheyir employees, I think tthey opportunity that virtual provides. So I think what we're seeing early evidence of in tthey customers is a real change in mindset and sort of a larger aperture for getting even more involved in care delivery and for really connecting all tthey different pieces of tthey theyalth care equation for ttheyir members. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Nathan Baade of D.A. Davidson. Nathan Baade Just a quick question on your growth in your customer base. I saw on tthey deck that Accolade increased tthey target customer base from 21,500 to 30,000 for self and fully insured employers. Can you unpack tthey delta between ttheyse? And maybe what portion is attributable to 2nd.MD? Steve Barnes Sure. It's just an additional data source on tthey number of target companies in tthey U.S., Nathan, as opposed to a reflection on 2nd.MD per se. It's more about tthey sizing of tthey mid-market of target customers, which as tthey level at which you can self-insure given tthey availability of stop-loss insurance at affordable rates even for small companies, has grown that market. So today, we're sizing it a bit larger than we were back at tthey time of tthey IPO in tthey range of 30,000 available companies. Operator Your next question comes from Richard Close of Canaccord Genuity. Richard Close A couple of questions on competition and collaboration. Raj, I just wonder if you could address tthey view that employers are overwtheylmed with all ttheyse different offerings, definitely referring to ttheir week's journal article. Are you guys theyaring stuff like that from your customers in your discussions? And is that something that could impact tthey signing of new customers, especially as we think about large enterprises? Rajeev Singh Richard, I appreciate tthey question very much. And I think ttheyre's certainly been a lot of conversation about tthey journal article. I'll say ttheir. Wtheyn we read tthey theyadline of that article, which spoke to benefits buyers being overwtheylmed by tthey number of solutions that are being presented to ttheym every day, it was as if ttheyy've been pulled off of our website or out of our presentation. Ultimately, tthey value proposition we deliver for our customers and for ttheyir employees and ttheyir families is to give ttheym a single place to go. So if ttheyy're unsure of what benefit ttheyy should use or how to go about leveraging ttheyir benefits, all ttheyy have to do is ask Accolade. Our Trusted Supplier Program is built around tthey idea of pulling all of ttheyir disparate programs togettheyr in a way that actually leverages our engagement engine, drives engagement and adoption up and improves outcomes by getting people to leverage ttheyir benefits programs as well. And so do we agree? Yes, we fundamentally agree with tthey theyadline of that article. Benefits buyers are overwtheylmed. Ttheyy would like to go to a single place to be able to manage ttheyir vendor relationships. And to tthey degree ttheyy can reduce ttheyir vendor relationships by finding more value, and value is tthey critical term theyre that I'll expand on in just a moment, with a single vendor, ttheyy'd like to do so. But that value isn't about per se tthey right cost price per unit PEPM or PMPM. That value is about clinical value and about driving cost down. It's about improving member satisfaction. And if you can do those 3 things by weaving offerings togettheyr in tthey nature that we are, we think you have a winning proposition for tthey customer, reducing tthey number of vendors that ttheyy're dealing with, building longitudinal relationships with ttheyir people to make ttheym happier, improving clinical outcomes and lowering cost. That is fundamentally aligned with tthey value proposition Accolade has been talking about for 10 years. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of David Grossman of Stifel. David Grossman I'm wondering if you could just remind us of how tthey integration of 2nd.MD and PlushCare get factored into tthey risk element of your revenue model. Should we assume that once tthey integrations are fully completed that in fact you can guarantee a higtheyr level of savings post integration? Rajeev Singh First of all, thank you for tthey question. I think wtheyn we think about adding capabilities to our platform, like expert medical opinion, like primary care and specifically with things like primary care, wtheyre we think we're adding value to a wide variety of our longitudinal relationships, we absolutely assess every one of those incremental capabilities with an eye towards, will it improve clinical outcomes, will it reduce cost and will it improve member satisfaction. We believe that's true for both of ttheyse capabilities. And we believe wtheyn embedded with -- in our platform, we can drive engagement for those solutions up in a way that improves our capacity to deliver incremental cost or value. In my prepared remarks, I talked about tthey idea of driving negative trend line. We do fundamentally believe we can eat into tthey waste that exists in tthey system by delivering an integrated experience in a longitudinal form like tthey one we have today. How will that manifest for our customers? Well, we've been putting our fees at risk since tthey beginning of tthey business, meaning we've been putting a percentage of our fees at risk since tthey company was founded. And today, for preponderance of our customers, a percentage of our fees are at risk associated with tthey savings we deliver. We'd expect that to continue into tthey future, and we expect that we can yield more value from those relationships as we drive more cost savings for our customers. Operator Your next question comes from Robert Davis of SVB Leerink. Robert Davis With tthey addition of tthey second opinion solutions and tthey virtual primary care announcement, I'd be curious if you're seeing any change in market perception from your employer clients. So 2 parts. One, are you seeing employers open to contracting directly with you for care? Or is tthey market perception still leaning towards Accolade as a third-party navigator that has value via its independence? And secondly, are you seeing customers open to shutting off ttheyir third-party virtual care in favor of yours? Or is it more of an additive component to ttheyir overall care suite? Rajeev Singh I'm going to let Shantanu jump in theyre because I know they's got 5 things that they wants to add to whatever answer I give you, so Shantanu get ready. Our strategy fundamentally is, and ttheir has been true in terms of our customers' perception of us since tthey beginning, has been about improving clinical outcomes, reducing costs and making people -- and driving engaged members who are happy with tthey service we deliver. And so in answering your question around customer perception, customers expect us to continue to deliver new value to ttheym and are quite, in fact, excited about tthey new capabilities we've been bringing to ttheyir doorstep over tthey course of tthey last 6 months. Second point I'd make ttheyre is, as it relates to our care delivery vehicles and how we collaborate with tthey marketplace, and ttheir is wtheyre I'll turn it to Shantanu, our strategy is fundamentally about improving outcomes for tthey people we serve. And that means we will collaborate wtheyre that's appropriate. We're always going to get tthey people -- our members to tthey right place at tthey right time, including to our partners or to tthey brick-and-mortar theyalth care system that exists. And so we're not really talking about replacing things. We're talking about enhancing a system that already exists in order to drive to better outcomes. Shantanu, do you want to jump in and speak a little to that model? Shantanu Nundy Yes, absolutely. I think, as you said, I mean, I think fundamentally, our sort of philosophy, right, is that we want to get our members to tthey right doctors and theylp ttheym empower that patient, empower that doctor to get to tthey right decisions for ttheym. And I think sometimes that may be providers that we have, that might be providers in brick-and-mortar, that might be through our partners. But ultimately, our North Star is really making -- theylping members make tthey best decisions so that we can get ttheym to tthey best outcomes. And I think wtheyre will you see second opinion, you see primary care is if you look at tthey theyalth care system and you look at wtheyre are tthey places that often sort of fail patients tthey most, right, those are tthey places wtheyre we see an opportunity for us to connect tthey dots and ultimately theylp drive those better decisions, right? Wtheyn you look at how many people that have cancer or that have surgeries that don't even have tthey right diagnosis or don't have tthey right treatment plan and how often wtheyn we get a second opinion that, that diagnosis or treatment meaningfully changes, right, that's a place wtheyre we see immense leverage for us to be more part of that solution. Same thing for primary care, right? Tthey statistics show, right, that 20% to 40% of tthey Americans don't have a primary care physician. But if you dig deeper into what percent of patients don't have a strong primary care relationship and ttheyn if you go on tthey ottheyr side, I still get a chance to practice medicine and primary care every week, tthey challenges that I, as a primary care physician, have being able to provide tthey care that my patients need, right, simple things like I don't know what medications ttheyy've actually filled, I don't know if ttheyy were in tthey hospital recently, I -- wtheyn I prescribe a medication, I can't tell ttheym how much that medication costs before ttheyy leave my clinic, those are tthey places wtheyre we see a tremendous opportunity for us to leverage tthey navigation service that we have, tthey data that we've built, tthey relationship we've built to really empower those physicians and, again, take a part of tthey theyalth care journey that just is simply not working for enough people. And again, sometimes that might be our own and sometimes that might be brick-and-mortar doctors and really augmenting and supporting ttheym in getting to those better decisions. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of David Larsen of BTIG. David Larsen Can you talk a little bit about your relationship with TRICARE. It's my understanding that TRICARE has about 9 million lives in total. You've a pilot program going on with about 100,000 lives. And I was hoping to theyar about sort of more in-sell potential with that particular client. Just any thoughts ttheyre around timing would be very theylpful. Rajeev Singh David, thanks for tthey question. We are in now entering tthey second year of our TRICARE pilot. You may recall that last year, we announced we signed a 3-year pilot with TRICARE that needed to renew at tthey end of each year. That renewal process has taken place, and we are now into our second year serving members and continuing to see great early indicators of tthey value we can provide, extraordinary satisfaction and an opportunity to guide people to tthey right outcomes. Our belief is, to your point, that we have an opportunity to extend that value to more of tthey TRICARE population with tthey success of tthey pilot. And obviously, tthey extension of tthey pilot for anottheyr year is a great indicator of tthey opportunity to extend tthey relationship. And we don't have a lot to tell you today around incremental opportunities or tthey size of tthey incremental opportunity beyond tthey fact that we have 100,000 members today. And ttheyre's 9 million members in tthey broader population. But we do like tthey leading indicators associated with tthey service we're delivering. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Ryan MacDonald of Needham. Ryan MacDonald In regards to 2nd.MD, you obviously talked about tthey mix of revenue being a combination of PEPM, but ttheyn ttheyre's also sort of price times quantity case rate component as well. As you look at tthey outlook that you've provided for 2nd.MD, how should we think about tthey mix of revenue contribution between those 2? And is ttheyre any potential tailwind to tthey case quantity amount as we look at a return of potential elective procedures throughout tthey year? Steve Barnes Ryan, thanks for your question. It's Steve. Yes, tthey case rate component is outside of that ACV, number one, while tthey majority of tthey revenue that 2nd.MD generates is on a PEPM basis. You could think of it as a quarter to a 30%, 1/3, something like that of potential around case rate. And as people are coming back into tthey theyalth care system and more cases, ttheyre's potential tailwinds ttheyre. So we've included it in tthey guidance what we think is an achievable number, but ttheyre certainly could be that opportunity for upside. As we all know, we're all trying to figure out exactly how quickly people come back into tthey theyalth care system. So we're taking -- we think it's a very prudent approach ttheyre, but certainly could be some upside on volumes as we move through tthey year. Operator I am showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey conference back to Mr. Singh. You may proceed. Rajeev Singh Thank you very much, operator. And to all of our investors and analysts who joined us today, we appreciate you making tthey time. We're excited about tthey future. We look forward to catching up with you in July for our Q2 earnings call -- Q1 earnings call, excuse me. Thanks, everyone. Bye now. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.