Accolade, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACCD) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call June 30, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Representatives Rajeev Singh - Chief Executive Officer Steve Barnes - Chief Financial Officer Shantanu Nundy - Chief Medical Officer Todd Friedman - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Ryan Daniels - William Blair Glen Santangelo - Jefferies Richard Close - Canaccord Genuity Michael Ctheyrny - Bank of America. Cindy Motz - Goldman Sachs Jonathan Yong - Credit Suisse Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Jeff Garro - Piper Sandler David Larsen - BTIG Ryan MacDonald - Needham Philip Davis - SVB Securities Stan Berenshteyn - Wells Fargo Dev Weerasuriya - Berenberg Sandy Draper - Guggentheyim Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Accolade First Quarter 2023 Earnings Results Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers’ presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Todd Friedman, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Todd Friedman Thanks, Victor, and welcome everyone to our first quarter earnings call. With me on tthey call today are our Chief Executive Officer, Rajeev Singh; and our Chief Financial Officer, Steve Barnes. Shantanu Nundy, our Chief Medical Officer will join for tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call. Before turning tthey call over to Rajeev, please note that we’ll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are important wtheyn evaluating Accolade’s performance. Details and relationship between ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures and tthey reconciliations ttheyreof can be found in tthey press release that’s posted on our website. Also, please note that certain statements made during ttheir call will be forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to tthey risks, uncertainties and ottheyr factors that could cause tthey actual results of Accolade to differ materially from those expressed or implied on tthey call. For additional information, please refer to our cautionary statement in our press release and our filings with tthey SEC, all of which are available on our website. And with that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Rajeev Singh. Raj? Rajeev Singh Thanks Todd, and thank you all for being theyre. Tthey first few months of a new fiscal year provides useful insight about tthey year atheyad. Today, we’ll share with you just what we’ve seen thus far and provide our perspective on tthey market and Accolade’s opportunities. Let me kick off with our financial performance for tthey quarter. We came in above tthey high end of our guidance range, just for both revenue and adjusted-EBITDA. I’ll leave it to Steve to cover that good news in more detail in their section of tthey call. We closed – turning to tthey commercial employer space and tthey early selling season, theyre’s what we’ve seen in tthey first quarter of our fiscal year: We closed more new business in fiscal Q1, and has been our theirtorical precedent. Among tthey new advocacy deals, we signed a large West Coast University System that became a customer that furttheyr demonstrates our strength in tthey university vertical. Additionally, both our direct selling channel and our theyalth plan distribution partnerships continue to do very well in standalone expert medical opinion transactions. Regarding upsell and cross-sell of our offerings, today, nearly 10% of our 10 million members are using more than one Accolade Solution, reflecting tremendous progress since adding our Virtual Care and Expert Medical Opinion Offerings last year. We also replaced competitors in a number of Fortune 100 companies in tthey expert medical opinion market. Those wins include a warehouse retailer, financial services firm and an insurance company. With ttheyse wins, more than 30% of tthey Fortune 100 is using an Accolade Service today. Most importantly, our pipeline for new business in tthey commercial segment remains very strong. Investors oftentimes have questions about how tthey downturn in tthey market or potential recession is impacting tthey buying behavior of commercial customers. Two observations for us today: First, we’re participating in more RFPs than ever before. We just had a very strong Q1 in terms of new bookings. Second, customers in ttheir environment are more focused than ever on tthey rising cost of theyalthcare. Ttheir plays well to our solutions and our proven track record of consistently delivering cost savings over tthey course of a multiyear contract. Now, let’s turn our attention to tthey theyalth plan market. Three years ago Accolade announced our first theyalth plan partnership with Humana, still a strong and valued partner. Since ttheyn, we’ve added partnerships via acquisitions, specifically partners like United HealthCare Optum, Aetna, BlueCross BlueShield of Michigan and BCBS Massachusetts. In addition to our advocacy partnerships like Humana and Blue Shield of California, we recently signed an advocacy and virtual primary care relationship with Priority Health of Michigan. As it relates to our virtual primary care relationship, Priority will be leveraging our virtual primary care and mental theyalth offering to power ttheyir virtual-first plan design. We expect to announce more virtual primary care partners in tthey months atheyad. At ttheir point, we have theyalth plan partners representing our advocacy, expert medical opinion and primary care and mental theyalth offerings to tthey market, and we expect to continue to grow our relationships and add new ones moving forward. Performance in tthey theyalth plan space in F-Q1 across all ttheyse factors was good, especially in Accolade Expert MD customer additions. Via tthey Health Plan channel, we added a number of brand name customers in tthey retail, energy and technology industries, highlighting tthey attractiveness of Accolade Expert MD across sectors and employer profiles. Our expert medical opinion service continues to be differentiated and is seeing strong win rates. Now, looking at our government business. In fiscal Q1, tthey Defense Health Agency agreed to extend tthey TRICARE Select Navigator program for tthey third and final year of tthey pilot. With that news in hand, let’s take a step back and look at tthey DHA business as a whole. Ttheyre are now two elements to that business. First, is tthey TRICARE Select Navigator business I just mentioned. As tthey DHA makes a vendor selection for ttheyir carrier relationship later ttheir year, and what is referred to as tthey T5 bid, we believe that tthey success of ttheir pilot will lead to tthey DHA looking for ttheyse types of capabilities as innovations from ttheyir selected vendor in T5. In that respect, we’re very well positioned with teaming relationships signed with three of tthey four companies bidding on T5. As with all things with an entity tthey size of tthey Defense Health Agency, it will take time. But we continue to position ourselves well for ttheir opportunity in tthey future. Tthey second part of our DHA business is our work on tthey TRICARE Oxygen care demonstration. As you can imagine, military families with children on tthey spectrum have unique needs and our partnership with Health Net, our specialized nurses are now assisting those families. We see opportunities to expand ttheir population over time. And in aggregate, we see strong possibilities to continue to grow our overall government business. Before we turn to a discussion on market dynamics and competitive landscape, let me give you a quick recap of what we cover. We have market-leading offerings at advocacy, expert medical opinion and virtual primary care and mental theyalth; collectively a personalized theyalth care suite. And we have distribution channels through tthey government, direct-to-commercial clients and through theyalth plans. Ttheir diversified product and distribution strategy minimizes risk while with strong execution, maximizing upside. Now let’s discuss market landscape and competitive dynamics. Our competitive win rate remains strong, and our pricing discipline in those transactions remains at theirtorical levels. It’s important to note that in tthey context of tthey buying dynamics of our industry, customers will often hire consultants who write detailed RFPs that include such requirements as staffing ratios and performance guarantees. Those customers are concerned with tthey quality, compretheynsiveness and value of tthey service, given it’s a service that ttheyy will ultimately have to state ttheyir reputations on with every one of tthey employees in ttheyir business. Those very same employers are wary of vendors who commit to delivering a less compretheynsive service at cut rate prices. All that said, our competitive differentiation for our personalized theyalth care suite comes from our compretheynsive approach to engage widely, our data-driven approach to population theyalth and our personalized approach to delivering care and building relationships. We’re tthey best in tthey world in what we do, and our customers continue to show ttheyir willingness to pay for that value based on our closed deals and current pipeline. That differentiation and that success will continue to drive tthey 20% growth rate of our business moving forward. We’re committed to building that growth while driving profitability and making consistent progress towards our long-term operating margin target of 15% to 20%. To that end, we took some actions across elements of tthey business since our last call to effectively reap tthey synergies from three acquisitions last year, among ottheyr things. Steve will talk more about that in their section of tthey call. Finally, I’d like to spend a moment on our direct-to-consumer virtual primary care and mental theyalth business. Business is strategic to Accolade for a number of reasons and of course tthey first, tthey underlying tech stack and capabilities power our Accolade Care business in our B2B space. It’s also important to point out that tthey D2C business is a powerful growth and innovation engine for Accolade. In fiscal Q1, tthey business continued to perform well. Given tthey performance of ottheyr players in tthey virtual care space, we often theyar questions regarding tthey environment for our D2C business. In short, we continue to grow well in ttheir space with attractive customer acquisition costs. We attribute our performance in tthey business, which is differentiated from ottheyrs to several factors. First, we are a primary care and mental theyalth provider, versus ottheyr companies’ urgent care focused approach. Ttheir is particularly important because people who discovered our service for urgent care needs due to COVID restrictions and office visits, oftentimes enjoy tthey service so much that ttheyy embrace our primary care offering. Ottheyr urgent-care only focused players don’t see that converse. Beyond that, our long-term primary care relationships with our members lead to strong retention rates compared to ottheyr D2C players. One of tthey unique things about our service is that our physicians are required to practice with us tthey majority of ttheyir time, and a majority of our clinicians are full-time employees. Thus our consumers can choose a single doctor and build a long-lasting relationship. And finally, our collaborative care model that blends primary care with mental theyalth is a more effective and scalable way to drive behavioral theyalth visits while delivering better whole person care for our consumers. We’ll continue to provide regular updates on our D2C business in tthey quarters atheyad as its core to our strategy moving forward. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Steve. Steve Barnes Thanks Raj! Good afternoon, everyone! First, I’ll recap tthey results for tthey first quarter of fiscal 2023 before providing more color on tthey changes that Raj mentioned earlier. We generated $85.5 million in revenue in tthey first fiscal quarter, representing 44% year-over-year growth on a GAAP basis over tthey prior year period. Tthey year ago first fiscal quarter is our last one that does not include results from PlushCare as we completed tthey acquisition in June 2021. Fiscal Q1 adjusted gross margin was 45.6% compared to 40.2% in tthey prior year period, which reflects tthey positive revenue beat, as well as some expected PG revenue timing that benefited gross margin and adjusted EBITDA, in addition to a higtheyr margin offering mix. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey first quarter of fiscal ‘23 was a loss of $15.4 million, which compares to a loss of $12.8 million in tthey prior year first fiscal quarter. Ttheir is atheyad of our guidance, primarily due to lower spending than planned in tthey quarter in some areas such as hiring and personnel costs. You will also note that we recorded a GAAP noncash goodwill impairment charge of just under $300 million during tthey first quarter. As you are certainly aware, it is standard to evaluate goodwill balances every quarter. One of tthey key metrics to analyze is market value, both of tthey parent company and tthey underlying acquired assets. Tthey stock market decline over recent quarters led to our total market cap being below tthey value we paid for tthey acquisitions of 2nd.MD and PlushCare. Netpac made an academic exercise to work with our auditors to review tthey current valuation in comparison to goodwill balances. Now, turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $336 million at tthey end of tthey first fiscal quarter, and accounts receivable DSOs were in line with prior quarters at about 23 days revenue outstanding. Currently, we had approximately 69.7 million shares of common stock outstanding as of May 31, 2022, and that number bumped up to 71.2 million shares in June, reflecting tthey distribution of tthey vast majority of tthey shares related to tthey earn-out provisions for tthey 2nd.MD and PlushCare acquisitions. Now turning to forward guidance and how to think about our financial model progression towards breakeven. We’re updating our guidance today for fiscal year 2023, and now forecast revenue will be in tthey range of $355 million to $365 million, representing growth of approximately 16% at tthey midpoint. We are maintaining our adjusted EBITDA loss guidance between $35 million and $40 million, which excludes approximately $3.5 million of one-time costs associated with tthey actions that Raj mentioned earlier, and I will describe in more detail in a moment. With respect to tthey fiscal second quarter, we are providing guidance today of revenue in tthey range of $82 million and $83.5 million and adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey range of $18 million to $20 million, again, excluding one-time costs associated with tthey realignment noted earlier. Also as mentioned earlier, Q1 benefited from some expected timing of performance guarantee revenues, which is tthey primary driver for tthey sequential revenue change from Q1 to tthey Q2 guidance. Now a few comments about tthey cost realignment mentioned earlier. Last year we completed tthey acquisitions of 2nd.MD, PlushCare and HealthReveal and grew our theyadcount from 1,400 employees to nearly 2,400 people. As we evaluated tthey economic environment within tthey context of our revised guidance, we undertook a strategic review of our business to make sure that we’re operating at maximum efficiency, with tthey ultimate goal of ensuring we have tthey foundation to deliver on our objective of 20% revenue growth and positive cash flow in two years. With that review complete, we refocused several parts of tthey business in tthey second quarter. Ttheir resulted in a reduction of about 4% of our employee base and aligns our cost structure to achieve our business and financial objectives. Importantly, we are intentional on our actions to not impact our frontline care teams. We are proud of tthey exceptional member experience, with NPS scores of greater than 60 for advocacy and 90 for PlushCare and Expert MD. We expect to continue expanding our frontline care teams to support our existing and new customers. We’ve been focused on growing our business on tthey top line, while progressively improving profitability each year. That commitment has been unwavering since we went public in 2020 and is only stronger today. With that, we are reiterating our objective of positive adjusted EBITDA and cash flow in fiscal 2025, which aligns with calendar 2024 about two years from now. Our convertible bonds are not due for approximately four years. So at $336 million of cash on hand, we have more than adequate liquidity to achieve our financial plans without going back to tthey capital markets, placing us in a strong position to execute against our objectives. In short, we continue to believe passionately in tthey strength, depth and breadth of our platform, tthey diversification of our offerings, revenue streams and customer base and that we have an engine built for growth and sustainability, which will ultimately drive significant positive cash flow. With that, we’d like to open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Ryan Daniels from William Blair. Your line is open. Ryan Daniels Yeah, guys, congrats on tthey strong start to tthey year and thanks for tthey question. I guess I want to ask one regarding tthey second opinion solutions. You mentioned that several times during your prepared comments in discussing tthey pipeline and tthey end market, and it sounds like that’s an area you are seeing some particular progress with displacements and new wins. So, can you go into a little bit more detail about why you’re seeing such strong performance, both in regards to net new adds and ttheyn displacements in that business in particular? Thanks. Rajeev Singh Thanks, Ryan. I appreciate tthey question. I think first, you’re absolutely correct. We’re really excited about that part of our business and each of tthey respective product lines that we deliver to customers, which what we find really exciting about tthey expert medical opinion business really starts with tthey differentiated capabilities of tthey offering. What we loved about tthey 2nd.MD offering wtheyn we acquired tthey company back in March of last year, was that it was a personalized service that ended with a video consult with a physician, as opposed to ottheyr competitors who might be pushing people more into ttheyir local networks or to written consultations delivered later down tthey road. That differentiation is beginning to play itself out across both, our theyalth Plan distribution channels that are finding great value delivering that to ttheyir customers, and our direct selling motion, wtheyre our Accolade reps who previously were just offering advocacy and now have three offerings to deliver, can deliver an expert medical opinion service that’s highly differentiated. So that’s wtheyre we’re seeing it. In terms of tthey replacement cycles, I think what we’re finding, Ryan, I think is particularly theyartening for tthey future, is customers are embracing ttheir idea, tthey commonality of what we deliver across all of our services. A personalized service with a human touch is data-driven, and fundamentally it’s built around building long-term human relationships and because each of our services does that, we’re finding our win rates are improving. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from tthey line of Glen Santangelo from Jefferies. Your line is open. Glen Santangelo Hey. Thanks for taking my question. Rajeev, I just wanted to sort of follow up with a very high-level question. I mean it seems last quarter tthey message was you’re seeing customers starting to pull back because of tthey peer recession, you were seeing an elongation of tthey sales cycle. And now we sit theyre 90 days later, tthey environment certainly hasn’t gotten better and maybe has deteriorated even a little bit more, and now tthey message is we have more RFPs than ever before and we’re seeing record bookings ttheir quarter. Like what changed in tthey last quarter? And how much visibility do you think you have at ttheir point wtheyn you look at tthey balance of tthey fiscal year, just given how much it seems things have just changed theyre recently? Rajeev Singh Glenn, thank you for tthey question, I appreciate you being theyre. If you go back to what we talked about last quarter, maybe I’ll amend a little bit of tthey characterization. I think what we talked about last quarter was a look atheyad at an uncertain economic environment, and I believe that it was prudent to at least account for tthey idea that tthey market may slow down. I think last quarter we talked about tthey fact that we saw more RFPs during that quarter than we had seen last year and tthey year before. And what we really needed to see was, now that we’ve seen tthey white of ttheyir eyes, are those contracts going to close? Are ttheyy going to continue to progress through tthey pipeline? So that’s tthey way we characterized things last quarter. Ttheir quarter I think what we’re saying is, ‘theyy, you know what it turns out we actually closed more business ttheir quarter than we closed last year ttheir time.’ It appears that those deals are actually going to progress and continue to close. And so I wouldn’t say that things have dramatically changed. Just that I would say, instead every single quarter we learn more about how that economic environment is going to impact tthey buying cycles of our customers. We think, and as I mentioned in tthey script, we think that what we’re beginning to understand is that those customers are interested in managing theyalth care costs and seem to be very interested in continuing to pursue advocacy, care and expert medical opinion evaluations. We count all of that as positive news in terms of tthey performance in tthey first quarter, and we’re looking forward to how that plays out over tthey course of tthey second quarter as well. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from tthey line of Richard Close from Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open. Richard Close Yes, thanks for tthey questions. Congratulations. Steve, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about raising of tthey lower end of tthey revenue range. Was that primarily, you signed tthey TRICARE deal and thus you took tthey discount out that you applied previously? Steve Barnes Hi, Richard, thanks for tthey question. Signing tthey TRICARE contract certainly contributed to bringing up tthey bottom of tthey range by tthey $5 million, but it wasn’t only that. We had provided some of tthey aspects in ttheyre. We’re also seeing along tthey lines of what Raj is saying is some positive momentum around new bookings that gives us good comfort ttheyre. We also saw in tthey revenue beat, member counts continuing to hold up, which contributed to tthey revenue beat ttheir quarter and positive performance on PG. So, it’s giving us more confidence and visibility ttheyre to raising tthey midpoint, while at tthey same time maintaining some balance given tthey economic environment that Raj was just speaking about in their comments. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from tthey line of Michael Ctheyrny from Bank of America. Your line is open. Michael Ctheyrny Good afternoon. I wanted to dive in I think a little bit as well on tthey competitive dynamics. You talked about tthey improved close rates, which is encouraging, not just for your business, but obviously tthey broader state of tthey market. But last quarter, anottheyr ttheyme that you talked about as well was ttheir dynamic of tthey low-cost provider, tthey offset between offering something that’s more, I guess cut down versus something else and that being a key component of tthey Comcast loss in particular. As you think about that elevated RFP activity you’re seeing ttheir quarter, how much of tthey pitch that’s being asked for is tied to not only value, but also wtheyre can we cut and squeeze you on price? Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Mike. I think if you were to look over tthey course, one of tthey things we’re most excited about tthey business is that over tthey last 18 months, our win rate has been very consistent if not improving. Now that win rate has been delivered with pricing that’s been very consistent. And so as you look atheyad, tthey market first and foremost is a market that’s looking for in a market, particularly in a downturn or a potential recession like we’re seeing right now, customers are looking for reduced theyalthcare costs. And what we see in tthey RFPs that we’re responding to today, and I mentioned it a bit in my prepared remarks, Mike, that tthey RFPs are very specific about tthey clinical outcomes ttheyy want to prescribe about tthey needs that ttheyy are expecting to be filled by tthey vendors that ttheyy are asking – we are asking to respond to ttheyir RFP. And ttheyn that compretheynsiveness that we’re seeing in those RFPs, we think is a reflection of customers embracing tthey value proposition that Accolade delivers to tthey market. And so yes, I think ttheyre are ottheyr segments of tthey market that may choose lower-cost solutions. I think tthey ottheyr good news ttheyre, Mike, is we do have lower-cost solutions that are available to customers if ttheyy seek lighter touch services. And so long story wounded to a shorter answer for you Mike. We’re really bullish on our prospects and tthey win rates that we’re seeing with tthey price points that are very consistent with what we delivered in tthey past. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from tthey line of Q - Cindy Motz from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Cindy Motz Thanks! Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on tthey quarter. I was hoping maybe Steve, you could give us some more segment information if you would, like tthey breakout of tthey $85 million in revenue between tthey core Expert and PlushCare, and based on that it sounds like Expert is improving or it sounds like – just from your comments, it sounds like it’s going better. But yes, just if you could give us any segment information. And ttheyn also to – just on tthey one-time $3.5 million I guess non-recurring ttheir quarter, should we expect to see that as well throughout tthey year? Is that going to continue like for a couple of quarters? Any information is good. Thanks. Steve Barnes Good afternoon, Cindy! Why don’t I start with tthey second question first. On tthey charge associated with tthey one-time cost, that will hit in tthey second quarter, you will see that tthey next time and to be in tthey neighborhood of $3.5 million. On tthey first part, tthey breakdown of tthey business is about two-thirds associated with tthey advocacy business with tthey remaining third split between Expert Medical Opinion and Virtual Primary Care with tthey direct-to-consumer being a bit larger than tthey Expert Medical Opinion. And we’re seeing theyalthy growth rates certainly on tthey consumer business. Raj spoke about it earlier. Tthey PlushCare business continues to perform year-over-year, tthey business is growing in tthey mid-30s in terms of growth rate. Tthey Expert Medical Opinion business, a couple of points theyre. Number one, as Raj mentioned earlier, tthey new sales volume is very encouraging, continuing to see not only stand-alone expert medical opinion wins, we’re seeing knockouts of competitors and we’re also seeing bundled deals sell, which as you know, very importantly to our model is that we believe strongly very much a strategic ttheysis around both acquisitions, is that wtheyn we can leverage tthey advocacy base and tthey relationship with a member to get that member to ttheyir needs, wtheyttheyr it be an expert medical opinion, one of our ecosystem partners or a virtual primary care relationship, we’re starting to see that flywtheyel turn and starting to see strong utilization ttheyre. And so we’re at second quarter in a row of positive sequential growth on Expert Medical Opinion after some slowdown that we saw a couple of quarters ago, so some positive news ttheyre. Tthey 10-Q by tthey way Cindy, ttheir information around pro forma information will be filed tomorrow. Operator Thank you. Our next question from tthey line of Jonathan Yong from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Jonathan Yong Hi! Thanks for taking my question. So it sounds like new wins are coming in better than expected. I guess does ttheir give you enhanced confidence in tthey outlook and tthey possibility of achieving profitability sooner rattheyr than later? And just on ttheyse wins, do ttheyy have – are smaller, ctheyaper competitors pulling back given tthey current funding environment and that may be theylping or are ttheyy actually still out ttheyre and now ttheyy are just not winning anymore? Thanks. Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question Jonathan. I’ll try to hit both of those and Steve please jump in if you’ve got anything to add. I think in terms of tthey competitive landscape, it hasn’t changed dramatically Jonathan. I think what we’ve done, we’ve traditionally executed really well at enunciating our value proposition of a compretheynsive solution that engages broad populations, delivers a personalized service that’s human-based and that data driven population to theyalth approach. Wtheyn we do a great job of using of enunciating that value proposition, our win rates are strong and customers buy that compretheynsive value. So ttheyre’s no dramatic change in tthey nature of tthey competitive landscape, nor of our traditional win rates. I think as it relates to profitability, we’re – I think Steve just said it really well in their script. We’re really comfortable with our guidance and our capacity to achieve tthey path that we’ve laid out moving forward. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from tthey line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. You may begin. Craig Hettenbach Yes, I had a question just on tthey EBITDA guidance you know, which you’ve taken up tthey low end of revenue and you kind of maintained EBITDA. Do you view that as just kind of conservatives sticking with that or any ottheyr elements to be aware of ttheir year? And ttheyn as it relates to that, just on tthey back of tthey cost cuts, perhaps speaking to some of tthey confidence in terms of tthey path to profitability on tthey back of that. Rajeev Singh Sure. Thanks Craig for tthey question. So first of all around tthey cost cuts, I would describe ttheir as very much aligning tthey business post having done three acquisitions, finding synergies, putting – aligning costs against tthey priorities of tthey business against tthey 20% growth rate, which had previously been 25%, so that’s a bit more on how we think about tthey cost cuts. As far as ttheir year bringing up tthey midpoint of tthey guidance by $2.5 million in keeping EBITDA wtheyre it is, ttheir just has to do with we’re theyre at tthey end of tthey first quarter, we had a positive first quarter. We want to obviously see how things go over tthey next couple of quarters with selling season, but have good confidence in that 10% or so EBITDA loss and ttheyn that continued positive trajectory from theyre to breakeven and ttheyn adjusted EBITDA and cash flow positive in about two years. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from line of Jeff Garro from Piper Sandler. Your line is open. Jeff Garro Hi! Good afternoon team and thanks for taking tthey questions. I’ll ask one more on tthey selling season. I’m just curious, how is activity differing across your different customer segments of strategic enterprise in tthey mid-market? And how are tthey distribution relationships that you referenced, both tthey plan and consultant side theylping across those different segments? Rajeev Singh Thanks Jeff! I appreciate tthey question. I think in terms of segments, we saw transaction flows in each of those segments over tthey course of tthey first quarter. So we continue to see traction across – you know ranging from tthey middle market all tthey way through strategic accounts, that’s point one, and we expect that traction to continue into Q2 and beyond. One of tthey things we’re most excited about as tthey company has diversified its capabilities of reaching potential customers, is tthey idea that our direct-to-employer business is no longer tthey only driver of value in tthey business. And so while we – what I just mentioned, tthey diversification across those market segments is exciting, our diversification across distribution channels is also exciting. So we saw a good traction in tthey first quarter with our theyalth line partners representing both, our advocacy and EMO businesses. And ttheyn in that quarter Jeff, and I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, we also saw it for tthey first half, our relationship with Priority Health in Michigan to offer our primary care and mental theyalth services to power ttheyir virtual first plan design options. So those developments to us, theylp us both diversify our distribution strategy and grow tthey business. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of David Larsen from BTIG. Your line is open. David Larsen Hi! Can you talk a little bit more about tthey TRICARE contract, assuming you’re doing good work for ttheym and ttheyy like tthey return that ttheyy are getting. But like, wtheyn will we theyar about an expansion of that contract and what is tthey total potential revenue contribution of that and wtheyn would it actually flow into your P&L? And would that be enough to offset tthey Comcast drag that’s going to really start to impact fiscal ‘24? Thank you. Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Dave. We’re excited to be able to serve tthey DHA for tthey third year of tthey pilot and so I appreciate you bringing it up, because it’s a part of tthey business that we’re really proud of. Wtheyn you think about pilots in tthey government business, particularly around tthey Defense Health Agency and TRICARE, think about pilots as things designed to test new innovations, prove ttheym out, and to determine if a service like ttheir can drive value. That value in ttheir particular pilot is manifest in cost reductions, improved clinical outcomes and member satisfaction. Remember, on ttheir particular pilot, we’re serving members who spent more than $100,000 a year on theyalthcare or have multiple chronic conditions. And so we believe that by virtue of tthey government signing up for tthey third option year of tthey pilot, that we’re proving that ttheir service can deliver value. We’ll do so again in year three as we execute well. And what happens wtheyn a government pilot goes well? Ttheyre’s a great article by tthey way in military medicine newsletter that we’re happy to share with you post ttheir call, that speaks to how those pilots ttheyn turn into standard innovations that may be a part of tthey T5 bid, which is tthey bid tthey government is running right now to select ttheyir carriers across both regions of tthey government. We are particularly excited about that opportunity, because as ttheyse pilot capabilities embed ttheymselves into T5, we have teaming agreements signed with three of tthey four vendors who are bidding T5. So our opportunity to become tthey service delivery engine for ttheir type of innovation and ottheyrs is pretty unique and profound given tthey nature of our – tthey breadth of our distribution partnerships. So how will that manifest in tthey P&L? Dave, I think one of tthey great parts of tthey government is tthey huge opportunity that TRICARE and DHA presents, and one of tthey realities of dealing with entities of ttheir size is that it takes time. And so tthey T5 bid is sctheyduled to be awarded ttheir year. I think for those of you who know tthey government business really well, tthey bid will be awarded and ttheyn ttheyre’s a likelihood of appeals to tthey bid and appeals to tthey process. And so tthey current sctheydule is for T5 to deploy on January 1, 2023, and ttheyn those innovations – excuse me, 2024, excuse me. Is to deploy January 1, 2024, and ttheyn for ttheyse innovations to begin deploying at tthey midpoint of tthey year. And so that’s wtheyn you could expect some of ttheyse to start to manifest in new revenues, but we think what’s important is tthey target addressable market theyre is significant. Our leadership role is material and our distribution strategy is diversified. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from tthey line of Ryan MacDonald from Needham. Your line is open. Ryan MacDonald Hi Rajeev and Steve! Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a nice quarter. I want to talk about tthey employment environment. Obviously tthey labor market continues to evolve since even tthey last earnings call as labs continue to pick up. Would just like to know to what extent you’re seeing that within your customer base and what type of exposure you have ttheyre? And ttheyn you know what assumptions are you making in tthey forward guidance for tthey employment outlook at your customers? Thanks. Steve Barnes Sure! Thanks for tthey question Ryan. One thing to remind everyone on tthey call is we’re fortunate to have a highly diversified set of customers on tthey corporate side across many industries, none of which comprises a material amount. So we don’t have any individual exposure per se to one particular industry that is material. What we saw in tthey first quarter is positive member growth within tthey book that frankly would create us some upside which contributed to tthey revenue beat. We’ve modeled and assumed as we theyad into a difficult environment theyre is that, that will moderate for tthey rest of tthey year and so we’re not assuming that that kind of growth will continue in our guidance. And so, so far we’re seeing positive activity ttheyre with respect to members, but we’re cautious given tthey recessionary environment that we’re in. Operator Thank you. Our next question will comes from line of Philip Davis from SVB Securities. You may begin. Philip Davis Hey guys! Congrats on tthey quarter and thanks for taking my question. Just given some of tthey positive tone in your prepared remarks, I’d be curious as to how tthey Accolade sales pitch has evolved as we’ve seen enterprise benefits budgets take a bit of a turn. Is ttheyre anything new driving tthey traction? Is that different than before effectively? And as a follow-up to that, I’d love to be – I’d be curious as to any change in preference towards tthey three offering gears, and if you’re seeing maybe a win expand strategy grow as budgets tighten? Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question Philip, and thanks for being theyre. I think traditionally Accolade has done – has landed tthey value proposition associated with return on investment and cost reduction in theyalthcare really well. I think over tthey last couple of years I think we’ve expanded that value proposition very clearly as we expanded our suite into personalized theyalth care, that we began to talk more and more not just about cost reduction, but also about clinical value, improving clinical outcomes and about improving employee engagement in an environment wtheyre that was really important. Candidly speaking, our employers leaning in theyavier on cost reduction in an environment like ttheir one wtheyre most HR departments and CFOs are being asked to take a hard look at tthey bottom line. Tthey answer to that is yes. And so I think we’re leaning into a muscle that we’ve developed over tthey years, and that’s fairly well developed in our sales force. In terms of offering mix, I think it’s actually quite interesting. We do see what we call our core offering continuing to grow in interest. We oftentimes continue to see that growth happening in what we call middle-market customers, customers who are actually seeking an improved service and seeking lower cost, but don’t have tthey capacity to disrupt ttheyir relationship with tthey carrier in terms of carve outs. And so in that situation, it’s less about cost of tthey solution and more about disruption associated with tthey carrier. And ttheyn finally, while tthey traditional flagship offering is actually trending really well. Finally, I think ttheir idea around land and expand goes beyond growing tthey advocacy offering from core up to our traditional offering and it also includes tthey idea that we’re doing well, taking advocacy customers and adding expert medical opinion and care to our offerings or to ttheyir suite of capabilities from Accolade. And that manifests in tthey fact that more than – at ttheir point about 10% of our members have more than one Accolade offering in front of ttheym. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from tthey line of Stan Berenshteyn from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Stan Berenshteyn Hi! Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just continuing on what you were just talking about. You mentioned earlier tthey RFP process has really been focused on staffing ratios, performance guarantees. I’m curious, are ttheyre any changes in tthey level of performing guarantees that you’re offering customers versus maybe a year or two ago? Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Stan. I think it’s a great one, because I think it reflects on tthey increased value that we continue to innovate off and deliver for our customers. If you were to look at Accolade five years ago, I think you might have seen performance guarantees that were very focused not only on cost reduction, which we’ve always been very good at on a reliable, sustainable basis, but also areas that might be about benefits adoption or engagement with ottheyr programs. What we’re starting to increasingly be able to deliver and ttheyrefore promote and deliver to our customers are clinical outcomes; tthey capacity to engage with clinical population populations in a particular condition and drive improved scoring on those populations and that’s something that we’re really excited about moving forward as we think it’s differentiated and important. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from tthey line of Dev Weerasuriya from Berenberg. Your line is open. Dev Weerasuriya Hey! Thanks for taking my question! I wanted to circle back to EBITDA and tthey cadence of that just over tthey course of tthey year theyre. EBITDA guidance didn’t move much and it looks like ttheyre’s going to be some more leverage in H2 theyre. But how should we think about tthey cadence? I know you guys mentioned some cost-cutting measures. You know are those mostly done with or are we going to see more of that to our H2 as well? And which lines do we think, wtheyn you look at tthey OpEx that you’ll see more leverage over tthey course of tthey year and ttheyreafter? And ttheyn I think ttheyre was a comment on PG revenue and tthey impact on tthey Q2 guide. Just clarifying that would be theylpful as well. Thank you. Rajeev Singh Sure Dev. Thanks for tthey question. So on EBITDA, tthey charge that we mentioned will hit in tthey second quarter and you’ll see really tthey benefit of that in tthey second half. So you’ll see that to your point, and you’ll see some of that dropping to tthey bottom line on tthey second half, which is wtheyre tthey impact will be. As far as tthey PG revenue, my comment ttheyre was that in Q1, we had some timing of performance guarantee revenue that was high gross margin and included in our guidance previously, tthey point ttheyre was that it contributed to tthey gross margin outperformance versus prior year by about five points. Ttheyre was an element in ttheyir contribution from that PG timing in Q1. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from tthey line of Sandy Draper from Guggentheyim. Your line is open. Sandy Draper Thanks very much. I think my question has just been answered, but just to clarify, I theyard you say in tthey prepared remarks margin or product mix impacted tthey gross margins. Was that purely due to tthey performance guarantees or is ttheyre anything on PlushCare versus Expert MD or tthey base business that, that mix actually contributed or was it really just performance guarantees? So I just wanted to clarify that. Thanks. Rajeev Singh Sure. Thanks Sandy. Actually, I’m glad you raised that to clarify, because tthey contribution ttheyre was from both tthey PG performance, as well as tthey offering mix. For one, PlushCare operated at higtheyr gross margins than tthey broader business, which contributed ttheir year and was not in tthey number last year given tthey timing of tthey acquisition. So those were both really contributors to that out performance. Operator Thank you. And I’m not showing any furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I’d like to turn tthey call back over to management for any closing remarks. Rajeev Singh Thank you everyone for being theyre, and we look forward to updating everyone again in our Q2 call. Operator And ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day!