Accolade, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACCD) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call January 10, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Todd Friedman - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Rajeev Singh - Chief Executive Officer Steve Barnes - Chief Financial Officer Shantanu Nundy - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Ryan Daniels - William Blair Glen Santangelo - Jefferies Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Michael Ctheyrny - Bank of America Jailendra Singh - Credit Suisse Jeff Garro - Piper Sandler David Larsen - BTIG Ryan MacDonald - Needham & Company Richard Close - Canaccord Genuity Michael Davis - SVB Leerink Operator Hello. Thank you for standing by. And welcome to tthey Accolade Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Todd Friedman. Please go atheyad. Todd Friedman Thanks, Operator. Welcome everyone to our fiscal third quarter earnings call. With me on tthey call today are our Chief Executive Officer, Rajeev Singh; and our Chief Financial Officer, Steve Barnes. Shantanu Nundy, our Chief Medical Officer, will join us for tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call later. Before turning tthey call over to Rajeev, please note that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are important wtheyn evaluating Accolade’s performance. Details on tthey relationship between ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures and tthey reconciliations ttheyreof can be found in tthey press release that is posted on our website. Ttheyre are also slides that accompany ttheir conference call that are available on tthey webcast. Tthey slides will be available for download following tthey call. Also, please note that certain statements made during ttheir call will be forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and ottheyr factors that could cause tthey actual results for Accolade to differ materially from those expressed or implied on ttheir call. For additional information, please refer to our cautionary statement in our press release and our filings with tthey SEC, all of which are available on our website. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Rajeev Singh. Rajeev Singh Hello, everyone, and Happy New Year. I hope you’re all able to enjoy time with family and friends during tthey holiday season. As we enter tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, we continue to make outstanding progress towards building a great and enduring theyalthcare company. In fiscal Q3 we outperformed our guidance across tthey board and are again raising our forecast for tthey year. Steve, our CFO will cover tthey specifics later in tthey call, including more detail on how to look at Accolade now that we’ve diversified our offering portfolio, expanded our go-to-market engine and become a more strategic enabler of our customers, people objectives wtheyn it comes to providing theyalth and wellness benefits that drive employee satisfaction, engagement and retention. But I couldn’t resist a little teaser to first hit some key points. At our core, we’re dedicated to consistently delivering on our commitments quarter-after-quarter. Today, we’re providing you with preliminary guidance for fiscal 2023, reaffirming our commitment to our long-term growth rates and our path to profitability. Our progress due to tthey hard work of our colleagues is nothing short of remarkable. I’ll outline that progress for you briefly now before turning tthey call over to Steve. As we entered tthey current fiscal year, Accolade was an advocacy company serving about 100 customers, representing 2 million members with a $24 billion addressable market. Today, we have more than 600 customers, representing more than 10 million members and our market opportunity has grown 10X to more than $200 billion. With our integrated offerings and expanded partner services built on top of tthey market leading theyalthcare engagement engine, we own tthey personalized theyalthcare category. From a business perspective, ttheir has resulted in far more diversified foundation. At tthey time of our IPO, our single largest customer represented 25% of our total revenues and our top four customers made up 60% of our revenues. Today no single customer represents more than 10% of revenues. Most importantly, thanks to our broad portfolio of advocacy expert medical opinion, primary care and mental theyalth services. We are far more strategic and valuable to tthey customers and members that we serve. That’s demonstrated in our performance. So far ttheir year, more than 20 new enterprise customers bought Accolade Advocacy and Accolade Expert MD togettheyr. More than 20 existing advocacy customers have purchased Accolade Expert MD and less than three months after we launctheyd Accolade Care and accolade One, our first trancthey of customers have already gone live on tthey solution. Additionally, our momentum in new customer growth continues, with leading organizations like Halliburton, Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma and Choice Hotels joining our customer base. Ttheyse data points reflect both tthey strength of our strategic relationship with our customers and ttheyir belief in tthey vision of personalized theyalthcare that we set for to tthey market. Already tthey combination of our services is driving higtheyr utilization rates for expert medical opinion wtheyn delivered in tandem with advocacy. We expect tthey same patterns to hold with our virtual primary care and mental theyalth services, providing furttheyr proof points that services layered on top of our engagement platform will drive outsize engagement and performance. Just as our offering suite, pricing model and customer base are diversified and differentiated, so to is our go-to-market strategy. We have a long track record of reaching new customers via direct sales channel that has been remarkably efficient and effective. More recently, we’ve added theyalth plan partners like Optum, Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan, Blue Shield of California and Humana as referral and reseller partners. Additionally, new partnerships with leading companies like PlanSource represent our commitment to meeting customers wtheyre and how ttheyy choose to buy. On that foundation, we are well positioned for tthey future. As I mentioned earlier, looking at fiscal 2023 from a financial perspective, we’re committed to delivering against our longstanding goal of 25% topline growth into tthey foreseeable future and we will improve our adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey year atheyad, both on $1 and percentage of revenue basis. And as Steve will describe in more detail, we’re projecting adjusted EBITDA break even in fiscal 2025 at approximately $600 million of revenue. At Accolade, we believe that you can build a lasting theyalthcare company, a growth engine and a disciplined business at tthey same time. That’s how we’re running our company. Earlier ttheir month, we shared our set of beliefs about how theyalthcare is supposed to work for people in ttheir country, stealing tthey words of Simon Sinek, it’s important for companies to have a just cause that brings its employees, customers, partners and shareholders togettheyr. Our just cause is that we believe theyalthcare is a human right and that everyone, regardless of ttheyir socioeconomic status, should have access to tthey care that ttheyy need. We believe in treating tthey whole person by building long-term trusted relationships, not just tthey symptom or tthey transaction. We believe that mental theyalth and physical theyalth are completely intertwined to support tthey whole person. And we know that it’s time for our industry to start getting paid for outcomes, not just for providing services. You can find our credo in tthey We Believe section on our website. We run our business with a fervent commitment to those beliefs every day. If tthey past two years have taught us anything, it’s that we can only predict so much about tthey future, wtheyttheyr it’s COVID or government and policy changes or tthey labor market. Our customers expect us to remain true to our mission and our beliefs and that’s how we operated Accolade. Before I turn tthey call over to Steve one last point, theyalthcare today represents 20% of our country’s GDP. It is massive and it needs to do better at serving people. No single company will solve tthey problem. But collectively we can and we must strive to improve. We’re committed to partnering with ottheyrs who share our beliefs with those who embodied ttheir deep rooted sense of purpose for tthey people we serve. Through empathy, experience, and most critically, engagement and trust, we can light up those partner services on tthey basis of our open platform and tthey most advanced technology stack in tthey industry. In tthey last year alone, we added SWORD, Virta, Carrot Fertility, Vivante Health and Employer Direct Healthcare to tthey industry’s most compretheynsive partner ecosystem. Our progress in each of ttheyse areas, new offerings, more innovation, more partners and doubling down on tthey importance of advocacy at tthey theyart of connecting tthey theyalthcare ecosystem is why we continue to grow and thrive and why all of us at Accolade are so excited about tthey future. With that, let me turn tthey call over to Steve Barnes, our Chief Financial Officer, Steve? Steve Barnes Thanks, Raj. First, I’ll recap tthey results for tthey third quarter of fiscal 2022. Keep in mind that we closed tthey 2nd.MD acquisition in Q1 and tthey PlushCare acquisition in early Q2, wtheyre appropriate, I’ll provide color on year-over-year comparisons and [you can find] (ph) additional pro forma detail in tthey 10-Q. We generated $83.5 million in revenue in tthey third fiscal quarter, representing 117% year-over-year growth on a GAAP basis over tthey prior year period. Ttheir reflects a significant beat against tthey top end of our guidance range. You’ll recall that after tthey second quarter, we indicated that we expected to recognize $2.5 million of performance guarantee revenue in Q3 instead of Q4. As a result of continued strong execution against our performance metrics, we recognized sort of $7 million of PG revenues in Q3 rattheyr than Q4, inclusive of tthey $2.5 million in our previous guidance. We also saw favorable member count and PG performance compared to our original forecast. On a pro forma basis to combine business group 44% year-over-year, broken down as 45% growth for Accolade Advocacy, 28% growth for Accolade Expert MD and 53% growth for direct-to-consumer virtual primary care or PlushCare. PlushCare continues to perform strongly and benefit from tthey tailwind of COVID, pushing more people toward virtual primary care. While our expert medical opinion business was relatively flat on a sequential basis, as fewer medical procedures than expected are contributing to a reduction in second opinions. I’ll come back to ttheir dynamic in my guidance for Q4 and fiscal 2023. Fiscal Q3 adjusted gross margin was 47%, compared to 41.8% in tthey prior year period, which reflects tthey positive revenue beat, as well as investments in staffing our frontline care teams to support growth and integration. While Q3 gross margin was favorably impacted by tthey revenue timing item, as stated in prior earnings calls, we expect adjusted gross margin to remain relatively flat on a full year fiscal 2022 basis compared to fiscal 2021. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey third quarter of fiscal 2022 was a loss of $11.9 million, which compares to $11.4 million loss in tthey prior year third fiscal quarter. Ttheir is significantly atheyad of our guidance, primarily due to tthey performance guarantee revenue timing item noted above, as well as lower spending than planned in tthey quarter in some areas such as hiring and personnel costs. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet, cash and cash equivalents total $366 million at tthey end of tthey third quarter and accounts receivable and DSOs were in line with prior quarters at about 24 days revenue outstanding. Finally, we add approximately 66.9million shares of common stock outstanding as of November 30, 2021. Ttheir does not include any shares related to tthey 2nd.MD or PlushCare earn outs. For your models, ttheyre are up to approximately 2.2 million additional shares related to tthey 2nd.MD earn out and up to 1.4 million shares related to tthey PlushCare earn out to be issued in calendar 2022. And now turning to guidance, for tthey fiscal fourth quarter ending February 28, 2022, we expect revenue in tthey range of $90 million to $93 million, representing a year-over-year growth rate of 138% and 13% on a pro forma basis to adjust for tthey acquisitions of 2nd.MD and PlushCare. Adjusted EBITDA last for tthey fiscal fourth quarters is expected to be in tthey range of $4 million to $8 million. To provide some context on tthey year-over-year growth rates and tthey guidance, keep in mind that we recognized approximately $8 million of PG revenue through tthey first three quarters that we initially forecasted to be recognized in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir $8 million is comprised of tthey $7 million in Q3 noted earlier and $1 million in Q1. If you were to add that back to Q4, tthey year-over-year growth rate in Q4 would be about 25% and Q3 would have been 32% growth instead of 44%. As a reminder, we recognize PG revenues upon achievement of tthey underlying performance guarantees. PG’s include a variety of items such as member engagement rates, member satisfaction, clinical metrics and cost savings based metrics. Tthey mix and timing of PG’s varies. But to be clear, achieving and recognizing PG revenue in early quarters was positive. As we establish a track record of consistently achieving our PG’s and recognizing ttheym more evenly throughout tthey year, it will have tthey impact of lessening our theirtorical Q4 revenue bump. Also, those PG revenues typically come in at a much higtheyr positive impact tthey gross margin and adjusted EBITDA. Tthey net of all ttheir is that we consistently point into tthey full year numbers which are not subject to tthey quarterly movements of PG revenue recognition timing and margin within a given year. Moving tthey guidance for tthey fiscal year ended February 28, 2022, we expect revenue in tthey range of $306 million to $309 million, representing 81% growth over tthey prior year at tthey midpoint and 30% on a pro forma basis to adjust for tthey acquisitions of 2nd.MD and PlushCare. Adjusted EBITDA loss for tthey year in tthey range of $48 million to $52 million, representing approximately negative 16% of revenues at tthey midpoint of guidance. We also provide a preliminary view of fiscal 2023 revenue guidance today. Based on our current estimates and assuming no significant change in tthey theyalthcare spend environment, we projected revenue will grow approximately 25% over fiscal year 2022 to about $385 million and expect adjusted EBITDA loss will improve to about 1%1 to 12% of revenues, as we continue on our path to profitability after pausing for a year on that progress, while completing tthey acquisitions and making material progress on integration. To theylp you build your models and understand tthey components of tthey revenue growth, our guidance breaks down like ttheir. We expect a core Accolade business to grow approximately 25% in line with our previous statements. Our virtual primary care business which in fiscal 2023 will be driven by our PlushCare direct-to-consumer business is experiencing strong growth and we expect it will grow about 30% next year. And while we remain very confident in tthey expert medical opinion market opportunity and have driven significant customer additions in that space since tthey acquisition, until we see second opinion volumes returned to theirtorical norms, we forecast that Accolade Expert MD revenue will grow approximately 20% next year. Underlying our guidance, of course, is tthey ACV or annual contract value as of fiscal 2022 year end. As you know, ACV is not a final metric until tthey year is over. But as promised, we want to give you some color from tthey end of tthey selling season, particularly as it theylps you build your models for fiscal 2023. As an important reference point, wtheyn we went public about 18 months ago, ACV represented tthey near totality of our book of business and as such was a good proxy for modeling our following year’s revenue. Today ACV remains a very useful metric for modeling a large portion of our revenue. But given tthey changes in tthey business since our IPO, we will continue to evolve tthey metric to ensure it stays relevant as you build your models. More specifically, ACV theirtorically would not include EMO case rate revenue, nor would it include tthey cluster consumer revenue, which is comprised of subscription fees, as well as visit fees. Given that we’re evolving tthey business toward case rate revenues from PEPM for expert medical opinion as we leverage tthey strength of our engagement platform, wtheyn we report in April on tthey final ACV metric for tthey end of fiscal 2022, we expect to include our estimate of EMO case rate revenues, as well as contracted enterprise virtual primary care revenues. Most importantly, our goal theyre is to theylp you understand tthey different inputs of our business to effectively model our growth. First, recall that ACV at tthey end of fiscal year 2021 was approximately $248 million adjusted to include 2nd.MD on a pro forma basis. At that time, we said ACV did not include tthey portion of 2nd.MD revenue that was billed on a case rate basis. You start with that base and ttheyn build. Next with tthey vast majority of new business signs, we are on track to time between $50 million and $60 million of new business in tthey current fiscal year. Year end ACV will include all PMP -- PEPM revenue, plus our estimate of EMO case rate revenue and enterprise primary care visit fees. Ttheyn we add or subtract normal customer adjustments, such as changes in theyadcount or terminations. And as we said before, we model for approximately 95%, gross dollar retention, and we’re on track for that ttheir year. Additionally, we have one unusual item impacting ACV and revenue next year, which is that we made tthey decision not to renew a legacy theyalth plan customer relationships that had become particularly low margin and non-strategic as our business evolved. Well, that lowers fiscal 2023 and revenue and ACV by approximately $9 million, we believe it’s a prudent decision to walk away from business that does not fit within our financial and strategic profile. And that’s a framework with -- that will get us to a final ACV of February 28, 2022. In order to build to tthey fiscal 2023 25% revenue growth projection, you would start with that ACV, which includes tthey advocacy, expert MD and enterprise virtual primary care offerings, add revenue for new business sold and launctheyd within fiscal 2023, plus incremental partner revenue, adjust for timing of launctheys and add to that tthey fiscal 2023 PlushCare or consumer virtual primary care revenue forecasts. Tthey net of all that brings you to tthey 25% revenue growth rate in our preliminary guidance. Now before turning to your questions, I’d like to highlight an important item, which is our past to breakeven, including a picture of tthey leverage in our pricing model as we add tthey new solutions to tthey portfolio. We’ve consistently stated that our goal is to make meaningful progress towards profitability each year on tthey strength of our revenue growth and attractive unit economics. We also guided to a pause on that progress for tthey current fiscal year as we absorb two significant acquisitions. And as you can see, in our guidance for next year, we expect to continue making meaningful progress on that path. I’d like to go a little deeper to theylp you understand not just tthey timing, but also tthey underlying unit economics. For those of you looking at tthey slides on our webcast, you can see our theirtorical march toward breakeven. In fiscal 2018 Accolade with a $77 million revenue business, with adjusted gross margin of just over 30% and adjusted EBITDA loss of 56% of revenue. Over tthey next few years, even while we invested theyavily in technology, sales and distribution, and ottheyr tthey cost of being a public company, our gross margins improved materially and tthey adjusted EBITDA loss declined as a percentage of revenue from negative 56% to 41% to 25% and ttheyn negative 16% in fiscal 2021 before flattening out ttheir year. With our preliminary guidance for next year, you can see that adjusted EBITDA improved from negative 16% ttheir year to an 11% to 12% range in fiscal 2023 ttheyn cuts in half tthey following year with a breakeven target in fiscal year 2025 and that improvement in fiscal 2023 would represent a reduction in tthey adjusted EBITDA loss on an absolute dollar basis as well. From a size and scale perspective, 25% annual revenue growth over that same period leads to a $600 million revenue target at breakeven in fiscal year 2025. It’s also theylpful to show you how tthey unit economics work for tthey legacy Accolade business, as well as tthey incremental margin contribution from our new solutions. If you start with tthey legacy Accolade RXD [ph] business, you can see tthey unit economics in tthey chart that I just shared. PEPM for a full suite was approximately $20 and theirtorical improvement in adjusted EBITDA and gross margin was largely driven by tthey incremental gross margin from existing customers, as we increase engagement and build deeper relationships with our members. Tthey new solutions we added ttheir year, particularly expert medical opinion and primary care, are generally priced on a per visit or per case basis. Those visits and consultations are delivered at a higtheyr incremental gross margin than tthey advocacy revenue, which we expect to furttheyr expand as we leverage our advocacy engagement investment with cross-sell customers providing additional lift to tthey model. On top of that, as we gain traction with our Accolade One solution, ttheyre is additional opportunity for increased margin contribution from gain share performance. And lastly, we expect our partner revenue to grow nicely ttheir year and into tthey future, also at a higtheyr margin than our advocacy business. We are not changing our long term targets model today, but if you think about tthey expected growth and contribution from ttheyse solutions, you can begin to see tthey layering effect of adding higtheyr gross margin revenue in tthey years to come. Advocacy will remain tthey largest revenue contributor ttheir year and next, and we expect higtheyr margin case rate and visit fees to grow in fiscal 2024 and beyond. And we expect our higtheyr margin gain share revenue may contribute in fiscal 2024 and beyond, as we expand beyond our initial pilot customers. As such, we believe we are building a business foundation and portfolio to drive growth and margin improvement for years to come. And with that, we’ll open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Daniels with William Blair. You may proceed with your question. Ryan Daniels Yeah, guys. Congrats on tthey strong quarter. Thanks for taking tthey question. Steve, maybe one for you, you highlighted just tthey traction you’re seeing in organizations selecting multiple offerings and that laying tthey foundation for Accolade One and Accolade Care. So I’m hoping you could dive a little bit more into tthey pipeline and outlook ttheyre and maybe even tie into that some of tthey recent executive hires I think you’ve added your first Customer Success Officer and Chief Customer Officer, so I’d love to theyar how that ties into tthey growth story as well? Thanks. Rajeev Singh Hey, Ryan. Thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is Raj. I know you tried that on Steve, but I’m going to jump in and intercept if you don’t mind and ttheyn Steve feel free to jump in and add any color to it. Ryan we are excited about tthey growth profile of tthey company and tthey continued demand in each of tthey market segments that we’re performing in and so you’ll recall three years or four years ago, tthey company made a choice to expand into tthey middle market wtheyre we’re seeing continued growth, both from a logo expansion perspective and from an ACV perspective, tthey Enterprise segment, same story. And so you’re exactly right, we’ve actually invested in a Chief Customer Office and that would be Eve Stacey who -- we think it’s going to do amazing things in theylping us scale tthey services that have delivered really outstanding customer satisfaction levels over tthey last 10 years to tthey next level as we go to from a couple 100 customers to 610 more than 1,000 soon. And ttheyn, of course, as well, we added a Chief Marketing Officer, Jackina Lobo, who joined us after a rich theirtory of, I mean, in theyalthcare industry, theylping us build out and grow our expansion plans across every one of those segments. So tthey really positive news in our mind, Ryan is that tthey space itself is continuing to show growth. And that customers are embracing ttheir expanded value proposition in personalized theyalthcare and that’s yielding ACV growth that Steve just talked about and tthey growth of tthey team that you mentioned in your question. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Glen Santangelo with Jefferies. You may proceed with your questions. Glen Santangelo Oh! Yeah. Thanks. Steve, I just want to follow up on some of tthey EBITDA comments, I just want to make sure that I’m doing tthey math right. If I kind of play your numbers through your guidance swing for tthey fourth quarter, it looks like you’re sort of modeling EBITDA for tthey full year to be a loss of somewtheyre in tthey high 40s, maybe around $49 million. And ttheyn if I use your guidance and tthey percentages you provided for fiscal 2023, using tthey mid points, it looks like you’re expecting about $44 million, $45 million in EBITDA loss, so a little bit better. But as you think about tthey path to profitability, it certainly looks better on a percentage basis than an absolute basis. I’m just trying to make sure that I’m looking at all those numbers correctly. Thanks. Steve Barnes Sure. Thanks for tthey question, Glen. And I think, fair to say you’re spot on, for ttheir year, fiscal 2022, you can think of that tthey midpoint of that EBITDA range for ttheir year is $50 million on tthey $306 million to $309 million revenue number we gave. And ttheyn for next year, about $44 million, that’s a good number to be. Wtheyre -- it’s early yet as far as tthey guide for next year, it’s preliminary guidance. But think of it in that mid-40s range. And tthey improvement on absolute dollars, but also on a percentage of revenue basis as we’re growing tthey business topline 25% year-over-year, we think is very theyalthy. And ttheyn importantly, laying out that multi year period all tthey way out to breakeven in fiscal 2025 as we make that steady step down towards breakeven was very important to us in tthey longer term guide. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed with your question. Craig Hettenbach Yes. Thanks so much. And I appreciate tthey transparency about tthey customer that you’re walking away from and implications on tthey business in terms of lower margin. Can you maybe just touch on, at tthey same time, you’re talking about a rapidly expanding and growing TAM and tthey opportunity set, and just maybe weaving those two things togettheyr, like tthey ability to kind of be more disciplined, because ttheyre’s a lot of growth opportunity in front of you and how you are managing tthey business in terms of growth versus margins as we go forward? Rajeev Singh Yeah. Great question, Craig. Thank you for tthey question. Thanks for being theyre today. Tthey transparencies provided as related to tthey customer that we decided to move on from is really built around ttheir idea that we had started serving that customer, call it, five years ago, in really serving exchange population on behalf of that customer. And over time, we began to realize that it was a non-core platform, not an area that we were going to - we’re going to spend an extraordinary amount of time growing. And it was operating on a platform wtheyre we didn’t believe that was our core platform. And so I think tthey decision to move forward is really one, we’re targeting all of our investment on our core platform. We’re targeting all of that investment around innovation that we think appeals to employers and to tthey TRICARE business that we’re so excited about. And that -- in that business we can not only deliver outsized innovation, incredible engagement rates and clinical outcomes, but we’ll also see tthey kind of margin expansion that Steve outlined over tthey course of tthey next several years. So you’re exactly right. Tthey two are very correlated. Ttheir is tthey about tthey discipline of our investment, tthey discipline of our investment -- of our execution and tthey discipline towards our path to profitability. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Ctheyrny with Bank of America. You may proceed with your question. Michael Ctheyrny Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on tthey nice results. I want to ask one clarification question and one bigger picture question, I am going to squeeze ttheym both in, in case I got cut off after. Just I want to make sure relative Steve to tthey $9 million, you mentioned that you walked away from assuming that I mean that’s basically not in tthey baseline for next year versus ttheir year. So you could assume tthey growth rate would have been closer to tthey high 20s in tthey event that that’s tthey case, I just want to confirm that? And ttheyn, Raj, I want to dive a little bit into some of tthey early feedback you’re receiving from tthey customers that chose to select some of your new platforms. Obviously, I know, for anyone that went live on 1-1, were not going to actually know how it’s going. But as you’re going through that launch period, especially implementing newer solutions, newer go-to-market platforms, what were some of tthey learnings you took out and what were some of tthey pieces that your customers really want to make sure, you got to tthey finish line that you’re able to deliver for ttheym? Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Mike, and appreciate your being theyre. I’ll -- let me take tthey second question first and let Steve answer your first question right after that. Immediately upon bringing tthey new solutions to tthey marketplace with our customers, we [saw traction] (ph), obviously, with expert medical opinion, we outline that as a statistically out on a call with 20 customers buy both advocacy and EMO togettheyr or Accolade Expert MD togettheyr, we also saw anottheyr 20 or so buy EMO on top of Accolade Advocacy. Here is what every one of those customer said and I think it’s tthey same thing that we’re theyaring from customers on Accolade Care, ttheyy’re not interested in disparate products that deliver different value propositions, but ttheyy’re interested in an integrated engagement hub that drives value for everything that connects to it and very clear ttheyy expect that tthey things that are coming from Accolade to drive an outsized engagement level than what ttheyy would have seen from ottheyr vendors potentially. And so that expectation is starting to manifest in actual reality in terms of statistic we’re seeing from customers around engagement rates. So that’s part one, customers don’t just want multiple solutions from tthey same vendor, ttheyy want integrated solutions, built off tthey same technology platform and with a brief [Indiscernible] statistics and value. Ttheyn I think point two of that story is, that has to manifest in integrated care teams as well. And so wtheyn we’re talking about delivering value, we’re talking about tthey capacity that seamlessly transferred from our frontline care teams to our primary care physicians and to our expert medical opinion capabilities without having to leave tthey interaction, without having to leave tthey software interface and we think that’s a really important part of what customers want are asking for. Steve, do you want to take part two of that or part one of that question? Steve Barnes Sure. Absolutely. So, Mike, tthey clarification ttheyre on that $9 million, you are correct, that we -- that contract, we let that go at tthey end of December calendar year 12/31. So that’s $9 million impact, think of it is about a 3% theyadwind on growth rate in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022, $9 million on that $307.5 midpoint. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jailendra Singh with Credit Suisse. You may proceed with your question. Jailendra Singh Thank you and congratulations on a good quarter. Just following up on fiscal 2022 -- 2023 outlook. Thanks for all tthey color ttheyre and good clarification ttheyre from Michael. On 2nd.MD expectations, now you’re expecting 20% growth versus 30% plus what tthey business has seen in tthey past. Maybe remind us again, how that business is split between like PEPM and case rate? And what your underlying assumptions are with respect to electives, as we are seeing tthey trends now, are you expecting trends to stay tthey same level or get worse? And kind of related on tthey margin improvement you expect in fiscal 2023? Is that all operational leverage or expecting some improvement in ttheyse recent acquisitions? If I can just one related part I can ask, if electives do recover in fiscal 2023 do driving some upside to your fiscal 2023 revenue? Would that have any impact on margins in fiscal 2023? Steve Barnes Hey. Hi, Jailendra. It’s Steve. And yeah, I’ll grab that one and so, you hit a few things ttheyre. Let’s start though with tthey trends as far as volume change, you theyard us talk about 200 added customers on a 400 or so customers have taken togettheyr post tthey acquisition, so we’ve had significant growth in customers many of those are buying expert medical opinion eittheyr on standalone for togettheyr as a suite with advocacy that’s very important to us. We’re theyaring over and over again from tthey market that customers highly value it, particularly wtheyn it’s tied to tthey accolade engagement engine. So we’re very bullish on tthey category overall and tthey opportunity to weave ttheym togettheyr. Tthey volumes, yes, we’re seeing procedures down, for sure. You see -- you’ll see a roughly flat quarter-to-quarter growth from Q2 to Q3. What you’re seeing in tthey guide from us is an assumed -- assumption that those utilization rates stay about wtheyre ttheyy are for now until we have better visibility into tthey future. So, certainly, if those procedures pick up and ttheyre’s more elective medical opinions, ttheyre would be some upside ttheyre. And ttheyn as far as tthey fiscal 2023 guide goes, ttheyre’s operating leverage on tthey OpEx, for sure. But we’re also forecasting that gross margins will begin to expand again year-over-year, ttheir year, fiscal 2022 versus fiscal 2021, we’ve been consistent in guiding to about flat gross margins, we expect to see gross margins pick up next year in fiscal 2023 and again in 2024 and 2025, on that March to breakeven. So it’s a combination of both gross margin expansion, with all tthey offerings taken togettheyr and operating leverage. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Garro with Piper Sandler. You may proceed with your question. Jeff Garro Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Congrats on tthey quarter and thanks for taking tthey questions. I want to say a couple of around performance guarantee trends. So tthey first one is wtheyttheyr tthey pull forward of performance guarantees so far in tthey fiscal year reduces potential volatility. I think mostly to tthey upside for your fiscal fourth quarter. And ttheyn just more broadly, is customer interest in performance guarantees as part of contracts increasing given your integrated offerings and how would you expect that to layer into tthey portfolio over time? Steve Barnes Thanks for tthey question, Jeff. It’s Steve. So let me hit that. Well, I’ll start with tthey first part. On tthey pull-forward and earlier recognition of PG’s, you’re absolutely right it does reduce some volatility in tthey fourth quarter for us. I made a point in my prepared remarks to say ttheir is a good thing, wtheyn we give guidance, we are -- it is very important to us that tthey investment community understands. We’re giving full year guidance and ttheyn as we achieve PG’s, if we achieve ttheym throughout tthey year, we booked ttheym as ttheyir earned and that’s a good thing, because it takes some volatility away from tthey fourth quarter. So perhaps that takes away some upside and some downsides in tthey fourth quarter in doing so, again, that’s, we think, a very positive trend. And ttheyn to your point about customers, over and again, it’s very important that customers understand that ttheyre’s an ROI associated with tthey work that we’re doing and tthey value that we’re providing. And tthey fact that we have Shantanu Nundy, our Chief Medical Officer on tthey line, who’s spending a lot of time with customers and tthey clinical capabilities that we’ve been adding. Let me kick it over to them for a second, because they’s had some real recent interactions with customers on ttheir front. Shantanu, do you want to take it from theyre? Shantanu Nundy Yeah. Sure. Absolutely. And I think it’s a great part of your question around, tthey customer interest in PG’s and clinical PG’s, in particular, and I think, it’s definitely a core part of our hypottheysis, going back to tthey whole idea of personalized theyalthcare being personal data driven and value based. What we’re seeing in market is that, customers are really interested in how we’re measuring our outcomes and ttheyre’s a lot of interest in those performance guarantees. And it’s something that that we think is going to be really hard for ottheyrs to be able to replicate, actually showing that we can deliver on those clinical outcomes is something that we’ve done in tthey past and I think that tthey customer interest in those, I think is a really good sign that that tthey core ttheysis behind personalized theyalthcare is right. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from David Larsen with BTIG. You may proceed with your question. David Larsen Hi. If a theyalth plan were to come to you and say, theyy, we want you to bear full risk for ttheir cohort of lives for X dollars per member per month, is that something you’d be able to do or is that a track that you might sort of be on to do longer term? And ttheyn just any thoughts around in-person care with Plush virtual is great, but I mean, a lot of times you need to drop blood, you have to have an in-person diagnostic piece to virtual care. How are you addressing that? Thanks very much. Rajeev Singh Yeah, David. Thanks for tthey question and appreciate you being theyre. I’m going to take tthey second part of that question to Shantanu, our Chief Medical Officer to talk a little bit about how we believe virtual care can coordinate and collaborate with brick-and-mortar care, as well as way to think about that in terms of tthey way we deliver services to our customers. On tthey first topic, tthey way we are working most prevalently with theyalth plans today is approaching ttheyir commercial populations with our service, eittheyr in tandem with ottheyr components of ttheyir clinical services or directly with our service in its entirety being a carve out for some of ttheyir member services and clinical services functions. We do that in both a reseller and a referral model and it’s very complementary to our direct sales model. Tthey questions you’re asking around, would we be willing to take full financial risks and carved out segment of ttheyir population? I think it’s not something that you should model into our business -- into what we’re looking at for next year or even really -- for ttheir year or next year, David. It’s certainly something that we will evaluate down tthey road as we continue to prove out our capacities right cost savings and improve clinical outcomes for our customers. We certainly have a rich track record of doing so, but it’s not something I’ve modeled into our plants. Shantanu you want to hit ttheym with question about brick-and-mortar care? Shantanu Nundy Yeah. Absolutely. And it’s a great question. I think, one of tthey things that we really liked about tthey PlushCare platform is that it’s really purpose built for primary care, right? So that means that ttheyy’re -- we’re able to provide compretheynsive primary care. So to your point about lab draws partnering with national laboratories for that. Same thing goes with partnering with pharmacies around tthey country around medications, delivering vaccines at tthey point of care within pharmacies. And so, I think, really that point that Raj alluded to around collaboration, that’s really tthey key, as someone who still practices primary care in brick-and-mortar context, ttheyre’s a significant portion of my patients who need to see a specialist and need to go elsewtheyre. Similarly, if you’re providing primary care virtually, you’re absolutely right, ttheyre’s going to be a portion of patients, perhaps 10% or so who are going to need to have something done in a brick-and-mortar context. I think tthey question tthey keys eittheyr way is really, how are you enabling that collaboration and I think for us, that’s wtheyre our data and technology platform comes from -- comes in. I think if you think about how we’ve built an ecosystem and all tthey different partnerships that we talked about earlier in tthey call, it’s tthey same sort of concept that we believe is going to be really tthey key and that’s what patients are looking for ultimately. Ttheyy’re looking for us to deliver a service to ttheym and for us to really put those pieces togettheyr and experience that works. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan MacDonald with Needham & Company. You may proceed with your question. Ryan MacDonald Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a great quarter. Appreciate tthey additional color on tthey long-term targets theyre. As you think of about that progression towards breakeven adjusted EBITDA and sort of tthey revenue threshold that you need to hit, as you look at tthey next couple of years, how visible or how much visibility do you think you have onto some of tthey areas around virtual primary care or expert MD? And sort of tthey consistency or tthey linearity of that progression, wtheyn you think about tthey organic move towards that breakeven level? Thanks. Steve Barnes Hey. Thanks for tthey question, Ryan. Appreciate it. Steve. One of tthey things we’re seeing that we’re really bullish about as we sit theyre in tthey fourth quarter is tthey power of tthey platform, tthey diversification of it, tthey fact that what we’re seeing strong contributions across tthey Board from -- in terms of new customer growth in expert medical opinion to complement advocacy, PlushCare, tthey direct-to-consumer virtual primary care business growing very nicely on its own, while you’re taking care of some of tthey EMO volumes that you see a bit to being a bit soft. As we theyad into next year, we have a strong base of contracted revenue that gives us confidence in that guide. For tthey -- think of it as tthey advocacy and expert medical opinion, tthey B2B or enterprise business and tthey PlushCare business performing very strongly on its own really in all aspects in terms of new subscriber acquisitions, visit rates, customer satisfaction, doctor satisfaction on tthey platform, all of that gives us confidence that tthey foundation is strong and we get -- it gives us good visibility towards obviously next year. And ttheyn you think about tthey fact that most of our contracts tend to be long-term contracts, so three-year business-to-business contracts. So we get good visibility ttheyre. We’ve got strong retention, high net promoter scores across our member base. So all of those things combined with a strong ROI for our customers is really tthey backbone that we build our business on and our revenue models on. So those all combined to give us tthey visibility. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Richard Close with Canaccord Genuity. You may proceed with your question. Richard Close Yeah. Given tthey second opinion or 2nd.MD trends, do you still expect tthey contingency consideration thresholds to be achieved? And ttheyn what is tthey timing again, I know you said, calendar 2022 for tthey shares to come in. But can you give us sort of tthey quarterly timing? I know you since your February year end, not sure if it comes in tthey fourth quarter? Steve Barnes Sure. Hi, Richard. I appreciate tthey question. Yeah. So a couple of things. On tthey -- so each of tthey 2nd.MD and tthey PlushCare acquisitions had a contingent consideration or an earn out associated with ttheym. PlushCare calculation will be based on a calendar year 2021 basis. So we expect that to wrap up by tthey end of tthey fiscal year, year fiscal 2022. And for 2nd.MD, ttheyre’s a earn out ttheyre as well, which will be based in large part on a January 2022 or ttheir month run rate revenue. So we expect those to all be wrapped up, if not completely by tthey end of tthey fiscal year, certainly by fiscal Q1 of fiscal 2023 and you’ll see a calculation in tthey Q in large part those we expect to be earned fully, but we’re doing those final calculations over tthey next month or so and I’ll have more to report on that in tthey next quarterly call. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Michael Davis with SVB Leerink. You may proceed with your question. Michael Davis Hi, guys. Congrats on tthey quarter and thanks for taking my question. So I’ve got a two part question on tthey out year margin guidance, first specific and ttheyn I have more generalized. So on tthey specific side, should we think about tthey EBITDA margin as benefiting from a step up in 2023, given tthey contract wind down that was unprofitable in a more linear path from 2023 to 2025 or is ttheyre any new ones in ttheyre? And ttheyn just more generally, what are tthey toggles that could get us above or below tthey preliminary 2023 and 2025 EBITDA figures? Steve Barnes Michael, thank you for your questions. It’s Steve. Would you mind repeating tthey first part about tthey specific point about EBITDA. It broke up just a little bit and I’m not sure I theyard it clearly. Michael Davis No. No worries. I’m just saying for tthey 2023 figure, does that benefit from a step up in margins, given tthey unprofitable contracts wind down or should we think of that as a more linear path as we get to 2025? Steve Barnes Understand now. Yeah. On a marginal basis that $9 million or so, our point ttheyre was that, yeah, it was essentially a lower gross margin bit of business. So ttheyre’s some uplift ttheyre. I think overall it’s fairly minor. Tthey underlying key point for us is that gross margin expansion will be a contributor ttheyre. We expect something in tthey mid 40%, 45% range for ttheir current year fiscal 2022 and expanding that up, that we expect it to go up into tthey high 40s towards 50% by that fiscal 2025 breakeven date on a somewhat linear path to give you some more color ttheyre. And ttheyn tthey toggles up and down against that, certainly will have to do with tthey success level that we have with driving better engagement and more engagement of ttheyse case rate revenues and an expert medical opinion business and on visits on tthey virtual primary care and mental theyalth side, as we bring togettheyr all tthey offerings and tthey offerings that we’re calling Accolade Care and Accolade One. And ttheyn finally in tthey out year fiscal 2025 and beyond, we’ve spoken about ttheir opportunity for gain share revenues in Accolade One. We have not made any grand assumptions in our target models around that. We think it’s important that we learn about how that goes, but ttheyre certainly would be upside ttheyre, if we were to perform well against those gain share opportunities and we’ll report more on that in tthey coming quarters. Thanks again for tthey question. Operator Thank you. I’m not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to management for any furttheyr remarks. Rajeev Singh Thank you, Operator, and thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate tthey opportunity to outline our Q3 results, our Q4 plans, as well as our fiscal 2023. Have a great rest of your night. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.