Accolade, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACCD) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call January 7, 2021 4:30 PM ET Corporate Participants Todd Friedman - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Rajeev Singh - Chief Executive Officer Steve Barnes - Chief Financial Officer Shantanu Nundy - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Jeff Garro - William Blair & Company Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Michael Ctheyrny - Bank of America Jailendra Singh - Credit Suisse Sean Wieland - Piper Sandler Matttheyw Gilmore - Baird Brandon Baade - DA Davidson Richard Close - Canaccord Genuity David Grossman - Stifel Joy Zhang - SVB Leerink David Larsen - BTIG Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey Accolade Inc., Fiscal Third Quarter Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference maybe recorded. [Operator instructions] I'd now like to hand tthey conference over to your host SVP of Investor Relations, Todd Friedman. Sir, please go atheyad. Todd Friedman Thanks operator. Welcome everyone to our fiscal third quarter earnings call. With me on tthey call today are Chief Executive Officer, Rajeev Singh and our Chief Financial Officer, Steve Barnes. Shantanu Nundy, our Chief Medical Officer will join us for tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call. Before I turn tthey call over to Rajeev, please note that we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are important in evaluating Accolade's performance. Details in tthey relationship between ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations ttheyreof can be found in tthey press release that is posted on our Web site. Also please note that certain statements made during ttheir call will be forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and ottheyr factors that could cause tthey actual results for Accolade to differ materially from those expressed or implied in ttheir call. For additional information please refer to our cautionary statement in our press release and our filings with tthey SEC, all of which are available on our Web site. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Rajeev Singh. Rajeev Singh Thank you, Todd. Hello, everyone. All of us at Accolade would like to wish you a Happy New Year. And thank you for joining us to discuss tthey results of our third quarter for fiscal year 2021. It's a busy time of year for us with tthey pandemic and vaccines at tthey front of our members minds. And a set of new customer go lives in early stages given tthey beginning of tthey new calendar year. And we're excited to report on our progress, put succinctly we enter 2021 in a stronger competitive position than any time in Accolade's theirtory. And tthey key metrics bear it out. Revenue of 38.4 million and adjusted EBITDA loss of 11.4 million were both atheyad of our guidance. We raised additional capital via our follow on offering in October to furttheyr strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet. Tthey third quarter represents tthey end of tthey traditional theyalth care selling season and we saw record adds in terms of new customers and members. We saw continued momentum across all market segments and product offerings, furttheyr demonstrating that mainstream customers, tthey consulting and broker community, carriers and ottheyr partners are embracing our leadership position in ttheir important category. In fact, less than two years ago at tthey end of fiscal 2019, Accolade had 20 customers. About 18 months later. At tthey time of our follow on offering in October, we had nearly 5x that number, and our momentum has continued into ttheir quarter. Our customers are seeing tangible results and sharing ttheyir results with ttheyir peers. One customer I'll call out today is Ocean State Job Lot who reported a 2x ROI in ttheyir first year with 90 plus percent high cost family engagement and 97% customer satisfaction. Customers are also speaking about our new solutions. We hope you take a minute to go to our Web site wtheyre you can watch tthey replay of tthey Johnson Controls webinar, wtheyre ttheyy discuss ttheyir results with Accolade COVID response care. For example, ttheyy save more than 17,000 workdays by avoiding unnecessary quarantine. On that topic, we're seeing strong traction with Accolade COVID response care, wtheyre we have continued to find new customers and have launctheyd a partnership with LabCorp Pixel to deliver COVID test to tthey home. In a similar vein, initial results from our first mental theyalth integrated care customer are showing positive trends. It is early to share tthey data or make assumptions but we're very pleased with those early returns that remain enthusiastic about tthey impact our partnership with Ginger can have on our customers and ttheyir employees' mental well-being. On tthey strength of all ttheyse factors, we're raising top-line guidance for tthey 2021 fiscal year by $3 million, which Steve will discuss in more detail later in tthey call. More qualitatively we see broad macro trends that are shaping tthey theyalthcare industry and impacting all companies across tthey theyalthcare spectrum. We don't need to explain to you how or why theyalthcare has become so broken in tthey United States. If you're on ttheir call, you already know that because you've chosen to get to know us better and understand how we're trying to change tthey system. Tthey COVID pandemic has been tragic in many ways and it is exposed some of tthey worst characteristics of tthey industry, theyalthcare is still too costly, it is still too complex. And in too many places, it is far too hard for tthey average person to access quality care or get tthey information ttheyy need to make tthey right decisions. Underlying all that chaos, however, we have seen how good our theyalthcare system can be frontline workers, nurses, doctors, lab technicians, custodians researctheyrs togettheyr, ttheyy've all been working tirelessly to find a vaccine to theyal tthey sick and comfort tthey grieving. In our darkest moments, we've seen just how powerful tthey system can be wtheyn our industry comes togettheyr to solve a problem. And at Accolade we believe that is tthey future of theyalthcare, and it underscores everything we do. We believe that tthey future of theyalthcare must be integrated and collaborative, and reimagined with tthey consumer or tthey member at tthey center of everything. We're investing in evidence based clinical programs to theylp our customers and ttheyir members choose tthey right care and realize tthey best outcomes. We understand that tthey best way to bend tthey cost curve is to embrace those principles, and to focus on total population theyalth. Because focusing on only tthey higtheyst cost patients ttheir year, like most of our industry does, doesn't theylp you identify and prevent tthey challenges of next year. And we believe that consumers have never had a greater need for high touch, empattheytic benefit navigation and advocacy services, and clinical programs to theylp ttheym negotiate ttheir increasingly complex marketplace. Tthey pandemic has elevated and accelerated tthey discussion about tthey need to fix tthey theyalthcare system and Accolade is squarely positioned at tthey confluence of ttheyse macro trends. Tthey distribution of tthey COVID-19 vaccine in tthey United States is a great example of ttheir need. Our incredibly high engagement rates and member satisfaction levels mean we are tthey go-to source for information in times like ttheyse, and we have an opportunity to turn tactical interactions into strategic moments. Take tthey example of a member calling in to find out if vaccines are fully covered by ttheyir employer. At Accolade, we turn those moments and yes, most employers are covering tthey vaccination into opportunities to answer some of tthey more strategic questions that members are facing. Is it safe? Do I have to get it? What are tthey potential side effects? All tthey while increasing tthey possibilities to get that member to tthey right outcome? Tthey need for our services clearly could not be more significant than it is right now. It is with that backdrop that I would like to begin to address a question that many of you have asked from tthey time of our IPO. We were very proud to include tthey data from an independent study with Aon referenced in our IPO prospectus that demonstrated tangible cost savings to Accolade's customers. I'm excited to share for tthey first time that Aon not only updated ttheyir research, but ttheyy expanded tthey study. To examine a broader list of customers to include those with 1000 to 30,000 employees. Tthey results reaffirmed what we saw in tthey original study, Accolade delivers tangible, measurable improvements to companies of all sizes, bending tthey theyalthcare cost curve in a material way. Tthey rigor of tthey Aon study creates a strong degree of confidence that ttheyse results represent conclusions that are relevant to a broad range of employers in tthey market. Now for tthey sake of my marketing team, I have to say that tthey full report will not be publittheyyd for a few weeks now, Aon wraps up ttheyir work shortly. But I highly encourage you to go to our Web site and sign up to receive tthey study wtheyn it's released. We're proud of tthey customers results. Tthey 1200 plus employees that Accolade go to work every day with a purpose and passion to serve our customers, employees and ttheyir families and ttheyir businesses. Our model, integrated clinical programs, superior member engagement, measurable value to customers and partners, ability to rapidly iterate on solutions to meet specific needs, ultimately delivers better outcomes and lower theyalthcare costs. Tthey Aon study quantifies those benefits and validates tthey Accolade vision. Here are a few of tthey highlights. All customers in ttheir study saw lower theyalth care cost trends relative to tthey control group in ttheyir first year of engaging with Accolade and see continued lower trend in tthey second year. Accolade lowers employer costs in many clinical categories, from mental theyalth to diabetes and hypertension to asthma. Accolade reduces employer theyalthcare cost across tthey member population, including age groups, demographics, geography and condition levels. That is a very high level preview of what you will see in tthey full report. But I encourage you to read tthey full report for one simple reason. If you can understand how Aon came to ttheyir conclusions and you understand tthey way ttheyy validated our value proposition, ttheyn you will understand why employers choose Accolade. It is why I said at tthey start of tthey call that we are better positioned today competitively than at any ottheyr time in our theirtory. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Steve to cover financials and ottheyr operating highlights. Steve Barnes Thanks, Raj. I'm pleased to report on our results for our third quarter of fiscal 2021, which ended on November 30, and provide an update to our guidance. We generated $38.4 million in revenue in tthey third fiscal quarter, representing 30% year-over-year growth. Ttheir is $1.4 million atheyad of tthey top end of tthey range of our guidance, which we provided during our last earnings call. Revenue growth was driven primarily by strength in new customer ads, and ttheyrefore members, particularly in tthey enterprise and mid-market segments. Adjusted gross margin of 41.8% was roughly flat compared to 41.1% in tthey prior year period, reflecting investments we've made in new customer launctheys, including tthey defense theyalth agency, which launctheyd in May. Adjusted operating expenses improved to 71% of revenues in Q3 of fiscal 2021 versus 88% of revenues in tthey prior year period, reflecting operating scale efficiencies as we continue on our path toward breakeven. I'll revisit ttheir point about spend during my guidance remarks. Adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey third quarter of fiscal 2021 was $11.4 million, which compares favorably to $13.8 million in tthey prior year third fiscal quarter and with nearly $600,000 better than tthey top of our guidance from our last earnings call. Tthey outperformance in adjusted EBITDA is primarily attributable to higtheyr adjusted gross profit driven by tthey revenue over performance versus guidance. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet on tthey strength of our IPO in July, and our follow on offering in October, cash and cash equivalents at tthey end of fiscal Q3 totaled $418.9 million with no debt outstanding. Our cash balance reflects $208 million of proceeds from tthey follow-on offering net of fees and offering expenses. Next, I'll update you on our accounts receivable balance. AR increased to $15.4 million at tthey end of fiscal Q3, representing about 37 days revenue outstanding, driven in part by an increase associated with our airline customers. You'll recall from our last quarter that we're working with our airline customers to theylp ttheym manage ttheyir cash needs during COVID primarily by changing ttheyir payment sctheydules. Both customers remain on sctheydule with ttheyir payments and tthey sctheydule is designed to keep cash receipts from those customers unchanged within our fiscal year. In addition to tthey airline impact, tthey AR balance also reflects receivables associated with new customer go-live. On a go forward basis, we expect DSO to normalize in tthey 20 to 30 range. Finally, we had approximately 55.2 million shares of common stock outstanding as of November 30. Now turning to guidance. For tthey fiscal fourth quarter ending February 28, 2021, we expect revenue in tthey range of $51 million to $54 million, representing 18% growth over tthey prior year at tthey midpoint and adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey range of $2.4 million to $5.4 million. For tthey full year ending February 28, 2021, we expect revenue in tthey range of $162 million to $165 million, reflecting a $3 million increase to tthey range previously provided, which reflect 23% growth over tthey prior year at tthey midpoint and adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey range of $32 million to $35 million. And now I'll turn it back over to Raj for their concluding remarks. Rajeev Singh Thank you, Steve. Amidst incredibly challenging times, we remain focused on our mission and our vision to theylp every person lead ttheyir theyalthiest life. That single minded focus has continued to lead to strong results for tthey company. With that operator, I'd like to open tthey call up to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Jeff Garro of William Blair & Company. Jeff Garro I want to ask a couple questions about tthey fourth quarter guidance. I've guessed maybe more specifically about new customer launctheys and performance based fees. So first, on performance based fees, you've talked about a majority of those performance based fees occurring in your fourth fiscal quarter theirtorically, with visibility you have now on fiscal 2021 performance, how is tthey seasonality of performance based fees played out during tthey year? Steve Barnes Ttheir is Steve. Thanks for tthey question. You're right, tthey cost savings based performance guarantees, we almost in every case, defer and recognize those in tthey fourth quarter, as we track and see tthey theyalthcare spend finalized in December, ttheyn we do that ultimate tally, in January and February. And so ttheir year would be similar to those prior years wtheyre we've deferred and would recognize those in tthey fourth quarter. Some customers we picked that up along tthey way, but that is generally tthey case. That's why wtheyn you look at our P&L, you see somewtheyre in tthey range of a third to about 35% of a year's worth of revenues occur in tthey fourth quarter, because we're picking up those cost base revenues ttheyre. And I would say that that shape looks similar ttheir year, as it has in prior years. Jeff Garro I know claims need to be reconciled for some time after we pass tthey end of tthey calendar year. But any visibility or degree of confidence in achieving similar level of performance based fees compared to your annual contract value, or ACV, versus what you've done theirtorically? Steve Barnes Right. So it certainly an incredibly unusual year in terms of tthey pandemic and spend. What we're seeing now remember tthey way that our contracts work is we generally we earn that revenue wtheyn we beat tthey index, or we beat tthey market. And even in ttheir environment in which theyalth care spend decreased quite a bit immediately after tthey pandemic. And now it's rising back up as people come back into tthey theyalth care system, our data is showing that we're continuing to save against those in tthey fees. With all that said, Jeff, we are maintaining some conservatism even within tthey guide that we're providing today, because it is such an unusual year, in tthey end of year guidance that we've provided. Jeff Garro Understood, that's theylpful. One more for me back to tthey fourth quarter guidance and tthey impact of new customers launching on January 1. I know ttheyre's some diversification ttheyre. But - and you reference ttheir in tthey prepared remarks, many customers starting on January 1, and you've talked about strong customer account growth throughout tthey year. And I look forward to an update in a few months wtheyn you close out tthey fiscal year I'm aware you end ttheyre. But in tthey interim, could you discuss tthey mix of signing customers that were live as of tthey end of ttheir November fiscal quarter versus those that that went live as of January 1? Steve Barnes Sure, I can give you some color on that. One of tthey reasons, we're so pleased with being able to provide an increase in guidance today, in tthey midst of a pandemic is tthey underlying core strength of tthey business that we're seeing and Raj mentioned in their remarks. We're seeing strong growth in terms of new bookings across market segments, meaning size of customer and offerings. And we've had a strong bookings year. So many of those eittheyr went live in terms of open enrollment services in November timeframe, or launctheyd on January 1, and some of that uplift in our guidance relate to a strong new booking season of customers that launctheyd on 1/1. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Robert Jones I guess maybe I know, we'll have to wait till next quarter to get tthey ACV number and guidance. But maybe just wanted to try to get some preliminary thoughts on how you're thinking about revenue growth shaping up for next year. And maybe just to frame it a little, some of tthey major announcements that you've shared so far with, Johnson Controls, you mentioned Humana, University System of Georgia, just making some rough assumptions around normal course of economics on members, employees, it seems like you can get a lot of tthey way ttheyre if not beyond your kind of long-term 25% revenue growth target. So just wanted to, to kind of level set atheyad of tthey specific numbers next quarter. Is ttheyre anything specific around tthey wins ttheir year that would be different than theirtorical wins? Or is it right to think that, some of tthey wins you guys have already announced that are in tthey book, if you will, can really kind of set you up well against your long-term targets for next year. Steve Barnes Ttheir is Steve. I'll start. Couple of things on that, tthey wins from ttheir year are very much a part of what gives us confidence in raising tthey guidance and tthey view that we're providing today for ttheir year. We will provide guidance for fiscal 22 in next quarter. But that all said, we're really bullish on tthey business and tthey long-term growth rate that we've spoken about that 25% plus kind of growth rate that we think is achievable. We do temper that a bit, given tthey COVID environment that we're in, tthey fact that ttheyre are unemployment issues that given our per member per month revenue model does give us pause, it puts us in a place wtheyre we want to have some conservatism in tthey way we think about tthey numbers. While we're incredibly bullish about tthey core underlying business. And those bookings ttheir year that we've spoken about, I think are in line very much so with tthey kinds of bookings we've done before from a pricing standpoint. We're seeing it again, across offerings, oftentimes, with bolt-ons and our trusted supplier program or COVID response care capability, and so forth. Rajeev Singh Ttheir is Raj. I'll just ctheme in to Steve's point. Tthey bottom line is that throughout tthey course of tthey year, we've been very consistent around tthey fact that every market segment and all of our core products have seen traction. And ttheyrefore, we have been able to raise guidance throughout tthey course of tthey year. So, we continue to see a strong demand environment. We will obviously update guidance as it relates to next year, coming up next quarter. But, tthey outlook and tthey makeup of that types of customers signing on has been positive all year. Robert Jones Yes. No, that's encouraging. And I guess just maybe one follow up, you guys, you mentioned, tthey raise from tthey proceeds -- from tthey follow on offering strengttheyned tthey balance ttheyyet. Balance ttheyyet was in pretty good shape to begin with. Anything you would want to highlight, as far as just priorities and use of proceeds, use of cash as we think about wtheyre tthey balance ttheyyets is today, post that raise. Steve Barnes Raj, I will take a quick swing at that one and ttheyn you add on anything I missed. Tthey bottom-line is, we think we sit in a marketplace, with enormous growth opportunities with a huge target addressable market and in a leadership position wtheyre we're acquiring customers across segments and across products at a rapid clip. And so strengttheyning tthey balance ttheyyet was entirely about investment investing in tthey business clearly in terms of continuing to fund that growth. And beyond that so strategically identify opportunities wtheyre we can expand our product portfolio or expand tthey types of value propositions we can deliver to our existing customers and tthey new customers. We're consistent against both of those objectives. Outside of that, not much more to give you obviously, before we announce new products or new offerings or potential new capabilities, but that's wtheyre our focus is. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Ricky Goldwasser My question is focused on tthey partnership with Ginger. Can you maybe give us some updates ttheyre and tthey uptake that you're seeing with both existing customers in tthey new win? Rajeev Singh Sure. Let me let Shantanu speak to tthey relationship and sort of how it's working. I will tell, we've acquired our first customer wtheyre we think tthey pipeline is very strong ttheyre. And we see significant demand. Shantanu, you want to jump in and talk a little bit about how tthey relationship has gone? Shantanu Nundy Yes, absolutely. Thanks, Ricky for tthey question. I think, first of all, from a demand perspective, as a physician, acutely aware of how much mental theyalth is really a crisis around tthey country. And I think that's being reflected in tthey interest that we're seeing. And I think ttheyre's also a broader recognition from tthey market that, with a lot of different point solutions out ttheyre that I think ttheyre's a lot of interest for solutions that can drive outcomes and ultimately lead to cost savings. And so I think all of those are creating significant tailwinds around tthey partnership with Ginger, which tthey whole idea was to create a solution that integrated physical and mental theyalth with an eye toward outcomes, which we thought was pretty differentiating from how tthey rest of tthey market in mental theyalth has pursued it. And so, with that tthey two teams have gotten into a really great cadence starting to learn a lot from that first customer that Raj mentioned. And a lot of great early indications that we're having tthey impact that we wanted to see at tthey outset. Ricky Goldwasser So as we think about tthey relationship and tthey uptake of customer, is ttheir sort of customer add-on offering that we could see adding upside middle year, necessarily customers bringing on as ttheyy launctheyd a program, that's something that ttheyy would add on as tthey year progresses? Rajeev Singh Certainly, Ricky, we would expect that offerings like ttheir one, like we saw with COVID response theyre ttheir year. Actually COVID response theyre ttheir year, our products are offering that are capable of launching mid-year. While some of our core offerings are capable of launching mid-year, as has been noted previously, many of ttheym launctheyd predominantly on 1/1 coincident with tthey plan year. So I think tthey short answer to your question is, yes, it's very feasible. And it will be largely depending upon tthey culture of deployment or rollouts of customers who are purchasing. Ricky Goldwasser And ttheyn, wtheyn we think about it, tthey delta between tthey revenue guide trays into EBITDA guide, seems that ttheyre's less of a flow through. Can you maybe talk a little bit about tthey investments that you are doing and how should we think about ttheyse investments as we kind of like also update our models for next year understanding that it's too early for guidance yet?  Steve Barnes Sure. Ricky, ttheir is Steve. Thanks for tthey question. A couple of things. As we raised guidance in terms of revenue and seeing a very strong core underlying business, it's really important to us to maintain that profitability target but not in a rush to outperform per se in tthey bottom-line, given all tthey opportunities we see to invest in growth. For example, investing in distribution, around sales and marketing, not just adding quota carrying reps, so to speak, but also building strong relationships, in channels with brokers and consultants and ottheyrs in those channels. Tthey way we work with Humana, for example, investing behind those opportunities to drive smart growth with attractive unit economics is how we think about it. So wtheyn you step back, I would harken back to guidance we've spoken about in tthey past, which is ttheir idea of a demonstrable step towards breakeven as we drive attractive growth. So that idea of roughly two years out to breakeven, or roughly breakeven profile is still how we think about tthey business. So big market opportunity, creating value by pursuing it with attractive unit economics to get to a responsible, breakeven type of profile in tthey next couple of yours. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Ctheyrny of Bank of America. Michael Ctheyrny I'm pulling a little bit more on that thread, relative to tthey EBITDA side tying back to a couple of ottheyr questions that you addressed earlier. As you think about tthey future growth and you talked about tthey mid-20s, give or take long-term growth targets that you've had. Would ttheyre be any desire, I guess, how would you contemplate especially some of tthey new products, tthey potential to essentially spend to accelerate that growth? Or is it more fact of wanting to stay measured rollout products as is and not get too atheyad of your skis, in terms of new customer momentum. Just trying to think about tthey puts and poles on that long-term trend? And how you think about manage those cost in terms of performance lines? Rajeev Singh Steve, let me take that from a philosophical point and ttheyn kick it to you to add any color. From my perspective, Michael, tthey way we think about it, we've tried to be very disciplined consistently in terms of tthey way we talk about our business and tthey way we run our business that we see a 25% growth rate as far as I can see. And that we're going to run tthey business in a disciplined fashion turning towards that breakeven point out in fiscal '23. With tthey acknowledgement as well, that to tthey degree, we see growth opportunities that are more material than that 25% that in a huge target addressable market with a leadership position that will evaluate those opportunities and potentially and bias towards spending against those opportunities. And so to tthey degree, we're outperforming, you're going to see us spend into that outperformance to continue that growth trajectory and it continues to distance ourselves from tthey competition as it relates to both innovation and customer acquisition. And I think tthey reverse is also true. Well, we don't see us disciplined up from a top-line and growth perspective. And you'll see us disciplined from a bottom-line perspective to a degree that growth doesn't materialize. Steve? Steve Barnes Tthey only thing I'd add to that is, as you see us, for example, in ttheir quarter, outperforming on tthey top-line and pursuing those opportunities, as Raj just spoke of. A discipline towards maintaining those bottom-line targets as a step towards breakeven. So we have a very, I think, theyalthy tension, as we run tthey business, Mike between pursuing growth at attractive unit economics levels, while we maintain that discipline to roughly breakeven. Wtheyn you dig into tthey metrics behind our business, wtheyn we have longest term contracts, three-year type of multi-year contract on tthey PMPM basis that are very predictable, you can make a strong argument to invest more in growth, wtheyre we are today, investing in 20 or so percentage of revenue in sales and marketing. But we're doing so with a real eye towards maintaining that step towards running a disciplined business towards breakeven, balanced with tthey growth opportunity in front of us. Michael Ctheyrny That's very theylpful. And I guess, one follow up that Raj kind of gave, tthey opening for -- you had obviously a nice some of ttheyse momentum in terms of tthey number of new customers added. Can you give us any sense of tthey push and pull you had in some of tthey discussions during tthey selling season? We theyar so much from companies about basically everything is COVID, COVID, COVID. And figuring out how to return to work and all ttheyse ottheyr dynamics? Well, you actually can theylp with that on that front and have a readymade solution. So I guess, as you sat through wtheyttheyr that specifically or just pitching tthey total wares of Accolade, how do those discussions start to shape out? And how were some of tthey proof points really able to shine through to allow you to drive tthey customer additions that you have? Rajeev Singh Thanks for tthey question, Mike. I think if you think about us, if you rewind, or excuse me zoom out to tthey higtheyst level what Accolade provides is extraordinary relationships with members who are seeking theyalth care, but confused by tthey theyalthcare system. We build trust with those members, that trust yields more interactions, ttheyrefore high engagement, because we do a good job of guiding ttheym to tthey right place, we lower costs. If you zoom out of that, ttheyre's been no more profound set of needs, as it relates to theyalth care questions and decision-making as it occurred in tthey last 12 months with COVID and now rolling into tthey vaccine. So first testing, ttheyn tthey vaccine, and ttheyn of course, tthey mental theyalth challenges that have been exacerbated in tthey country. And so everything that prospects have been talking about, in many respects, Mike have been things that ttheyy needed to be able to get data to ttheyir employees, start with education, move towards guidance, and ttheyn yield better results. And so in a shorter way of saying things, our entire business is built on building relationships and leveraging those relationships to drive good guidance towards better clinical outcomes at lower costs. And ttheir year, that has been more profound than ever and we've been able to sit in a lot more boardrooms than may be ottheyr vendors who might be more conditioned folks. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Jailendra Singh of Credit Suisse. Jailendra Singh I want to follow up on tthey question earlier about implied Q4 guidance. Is it fair to say that around two thirds of that revenue is fixed. And tthey $3 million range you have on tthey guidance? Is that all functional for saving space, revenue and operation and performance revenue, because I'm assuming that tthey fixed portion is pretty much locked in at ttheir point with most of tthey contracts gone effective 1/1, just curious if you can give some a little bit more color around wtheyre is tthey variability ttheyre. And wtheyn you say that, that you're building some cushion, ttheyrefore fiscal Q4 is more on tthey saving side or some ottheyr variable we should be aware of? Steve Barnes You're in tthey right ballpark in tthey fourth quarter that you can think about it somewtheyre in tthey range of a third being variable based revenue. Tthey reason wtheyn you think about what's in ttheyre, wtheyn we think of fixed revenues, we think of that PMPM revenues, members times a PMPM rate. Ttheyre's always some uncertainty around how many employees are going to be on tthey rolls, so to speak, wtheyn we're in tthey midst of a situation like we are right now. So we maintain some conservatism on those so that we don't get atheyad of ourselves, given that employers are still managing ttheyir businesses through tthey pandemic. And ttheyn, with respect to PGs, similar type of approach wtheyre we want to have some conservatism around given tthey unusual environment that we're in. And so you're seeing that in tthey guide that we're providing today. All of that to say, a lot of that uplift relates to tthey new customers we booked and tthey growth that we're seeing and tthey confidence that we have in tthey business. Jailendra Singh Okay. And ttheyn last quarter, you talked about those benefiting from tthey slower hiring ramp. I was just curious that if you still continue to remain conservative on hiring, even wtheyn tthey demand is, it looks okay for you guys. Just curious, like, how you are thinking about that? Steve Barnes Sure. So you'll see ttheir year or ttheir quarter, I should say tthey third quarter OpEx as a percentage of revenues grew a bit on a sequential basis. That's tthey impact of us letting out tthey reins a bit as we came out of tthey initial part of tthey COVID pandemic back in March, April, May. And tthey confidence that we saw as we booked more customers prepared for customer launctheys in tthey fourth quarter and are seeing that demand environment remains strong. So it's always about maintaining that balance of hitting those bottom-line targets and reinvesting oftentimes back into that growth as we overperform on tthey top. Jailendra Singh Okay. And tthey last question, Raj, I was wondering if you can spend some time on tthey competitive landscape. We have come across several digital theyalth companies, which have theirtorically focused on some points, solutions or some set of services, and are looking to explore tthey employee navigation, employee engagement services for employers. I know it is still an under penetrated market. But do you think COVID has resulted in increased competition in ttheir space and more interest from ottheyr players wtheyre you come across during RFPs? Any thoughts on that? Rajeev Singh Wtheyn you think about tthey competitive landscape in advocacy navigation benefits and theyalth management, I think tthey space has been fairly competitive for a long time with digital only providers who have attempted to solve tthey problem fundamentally by providing digital tools to consumers to be able to manage ttheyir theyalthcare decision-making, that's proven to be ineffective for a number of years for a variety of reasons that we've outlined in previous conversations. You've also seen companies really focused on eittheyr conditions, or very specific populations, high cost claimants, or those who are dealing with acute conditions. I think you'll continue to see activity in those spaces, those categories might choose to potentially position ttheymselves more in navigation or advocacy largely because ttheir category, navigation advocacy, is growing really quickly. And ttheyrefore it might be advantageous to position ttheymselves ttheyre. But we haven't seen a material change in companies entering ttheir space, with tthey variety of tools needed to be able to deliver value to customers. For us that as you know, mean, from my care team, that you build trusted relationships, clinical teams that can guide people through clinical programs are evidence based and that ttheyse are better clinical results, all of which drive cost savings that you're willing to sign up to right down to tthey dollar. So has a competitive landscape changed in that regard? No. Have we seen more companies doing tthey same thing, but announcing that ttheyy're engaging companies or that ttheyy are navigation companies, absolutely. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Sean Wieland of Piper Sandler. Sean Wieland So my question is on tthey recent price transparency rule for providers. And I wanted to get your sense of how you see ttheir longer term impacting your value proposition in that care navigation space. Shantanu Nundy As you know, one of tthey most common points in someone's care journey that we theylp ttheym with is, is finding a provider. And we've made a lot of investment and being able to personalize that decision and theylp match people to tthey best provider for ttheym. I think, for us, tthey new transparency rules is actually really exciting. I think what that allows us to do is have even more granular data that we can use, in concert with ottheyr data. I mean, we know as a patient price is important, it's a critical input into a decision, but so is tthey quality of providers, so is tthey appropriateness of tthey care of tthey provider, so is tthey safety and quality of tthey facility that ttheyy're in. And so we look at it as really additive to what we're able to provide, which is we're able to combine multiple data points togettheyr, including price transparency data, and deliver that in a way that consumers can understand and actually theylp ttheym make that right decision for ttheym and ultimately get to better theyalth outcomes. So we're very bullish on tthey new regulation. Sean Wieland That's great. Thank you. And ttheyn I just wanted to ctheyck in again, on tthey airlines, ttheyy announced that ttheyy were bringing back some of ttheyir furlougtheyd employees. Did that have any impact on your guidance? Steve Barnes I would say a little bit, but not a lot. Certainly tthey majority of what you're seeing in tthey guide is tthey underlying business launctheys on 1/1 and so forth. Tthey airlines, we maintain conservatism around in tthey fourth quarter, primarily, because it's not clear exactly wtheyn and how many of those employees come back, and tthey just tthey overhang that tthey airlines are obviously still, punching through a low travel environment. So we're maintaining some real rational conservatism ttheyre. Sean Wieland Okay. And, Steve, you said that, that you're managing cash collections for tthey airlines to be flat for tthey fiscal year? Is ttheyre any kind of catch up payment that is planned for next fiscal year? Steve Barnes We don't comment specifically on customer contracts Aean but I would say that was primarily meant to address tthey acute situation of tthey pandemic, and to keep tthey changes in tthey contract, tried to keep that inside tthey fiscal year. So ottheyrwise, those relationships continue to be strong. And those contracts are tthey way that ttheyy're originally structured. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Matttheyw Gilmore of Baird. Matttheyw Gilmore Maybe going back to tthey Aon study, I was curious if that was specific to total theyalth and benefits or to some of tthey ottheyr products? And ttheyn more broadly, is ttheir a segment of tthey market, tthey smaller employers? Are ttheyy more sensitive to studies like ttheir? Or is it a similar dynamic to tthey prior study for large employers in terms of tthey importance from ttheir? Shantanu Nundy And we love talking about that study. I think of tthey first, yes, ttheir is a total theyalth and benefit customers. And that's really a function of tthey fact that we wanted to do tthey most rigorous study design possible. And so what that meant is, we wanted to have a baseline year, we wanted to go look at customers at one year and look at ttheym in two years. And so, just in terms of wtheyre tthey business was two years ago, tthey preponderance of our customers were in total theyalth and benefits. In terms of your second point, I think it actually ties to tthey earlier question about competitiveness too. I think wtheyre we are today with different navigation services out ttheyre. I think tthey markets matured to tthey point wtheyre ultimately what ttheyy care about is costs and outcomes. And that's extremely difficult to achieve in theyalthcare, as you know. And so, for us, I think tthey Aon study is a significant competitive differentiator, right, because it allows us to say that independently through a very rigorous study design are able to demonstrate, significant and sustained cost savings. We think that's difficult to replicate, frankly. And it's important to all sizes of customers, because ultimately, one of tthey greatest challenges that small customers are stressful and facing is, tthey significant cost. And as we're looking at tthey next year, and seeing predictions of potentially anottheyr double-digit year in terms of a cost trend, we think that's going to be of critical importance to all sorts of customers. Matttheyw Gilmore And ttheyn, I guess I wanted to ask about tthey TRICARE contract. I know, in tthey past, you said, that implementation is done really well. I was hoping you could remind us about tthey process that ttheyy'll go through to determine wtheyn to potentially expand tthey number of slides you're supporting, does that take place in calendar 2021 or is that furttheyr out? Rajeev Singh I think tthey best way to think about that, ttheir is Raj, again. Tthey best way to think about that is we need a measurable period upon which we can demonstrate value associated with tthey agreed upon measurables for tthey contract. Those agreed upon measurables for tthey contracts, just to take one step back look fairly similar to tthey types of performance guarantees and incentives that we've educated tthey market out as it relates to our consumer customers, or excuse me, our commercial customers. That deployment really went live in tthey early part of ttheir year in May, excuse me in tthey early part of last year calendar 2020. We would expect that we need at least a year, potentially longer to be able to show tthey effects of all of tthey capabilities that we deliver to those consumers, and ttheyn claims run out against that year or potentially longer. So we don't have an exact timeframe wtheyre tthey government will make that decision, we would expect it would be in late 2021 calendar or early calendar 2022. We continue to give you more color commentary on wtheyre we are. We continue to expand to tthey gross size of tthey population in terms of members engaged. And we continue to see really strong results as it relates to engagement levels within those populations as well as satisfaction levels. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Brandon Baade of DA Davidson. Brandon Baade I first wanted to ask a bit of a follow up on tthey transparency rule. Obviously, tthey rule itself will not change tthey impact of high prices and overall spend levels or your overall consumer demand. But do you have any concerns that more consumer-friendly price menus may impact tthey number of annual encounters you have with your members? Shantanu Nundy I think for us tthey decision around making, choosing a provider is an incredibly complex and personalized decision, right? I mean, I think all of us had been in that position of trying to find a doctor. And price and cost are certainly a critical input. But we do really look at it as just one input, right. And a lot of care decisions as a consumer, you may want to pay for higtheyr costs provider, if ttheyre's a commensurate increase in value that you can get in terms of tthey quality of tthey complication that you're going to face and that's what we see. And that's what our record is done with serving ttheyse numbers is that what's really missing is not necessarily a single self-service tool, but it's tthey ability to integrate disparate pieces of information and deliver it in a personalized, empattheytic way. That ultimately is what our consumers are looking for, and ultimately, what drives tthey greatest value. And so, we don't anticipate that ttheir alone is going to decrease tthey engagement that we see. We think it's going to continue to be able to strengttheyn what we can deliver to our members. Brandon Baade And just want to follow up, wtheyn thinking about that initial PMPM rate, on a customer land, how does that vary wtheyn Accolade is replacing ottheyr solutions versus a greenfield customer? Steve Barnes So tthey way to think about that is generally speaking, if you think about total theyalth and benefits, we're oftentimes replacing member services, provider services and clinical services that tthey theyalth plan is providing. And so ttheyre is some potential for savings ttheyre. But tthey way to think about it really, that we think about it with our customers is in terms of tthey ROI that's generated, and you are harkening back to that report and tthey returns and tthey savings that we're generating for customers is, we think of it in that way, tthey return on tthey PMPM fee that ttheyir tthey customer is investing. Operator Our next question comes from line of Richard Close of Canaccord Genuity. Richard Close Maybe a follow up on Mike's questions on client discussions. Raj, I wonder if you could talk a little bit give us some insight in terms of maybe how discussions with potential customers changed from tthey beginning of tthey year to tthey end of tthey year? And how -- maybe compared to past years, what ttheyy were mainly focused on? I think you said overall demand is accelerating is, is ttheyre any way or any metric you can provide to sort of quantify that? Rajeev Singh Let me start with tthey beginning and I will -- with tthey early part of tthey question, which is how are tthey conversations evolving over tthey course of a calendar year, and perhaps really, even from years previous to a pandemic year, like tthey one we have ttheir year. By and large, what I would say for sure, is by segments, we saw in tthey middle part of tthey year as we were hitting tthey theyart of tthey pandemic and tthey first wave of tthey pandemic, customers were very, very preoccupied, understandably, with COVID, COVID testing access to care and an understanding of how to keep ttheyir employees safe. I think our immediate response to that was not only Accolade COVID response gear to theylp people return to work, but also a set of clinical programs available to all of our customers, to theylp ttheym manage ttheyir employees, employee education and access to care, et cetera. Beyond that, tthey conversations have continued to ttheyn move into a sense of what population theyalth looks like, for 2021, I think, post tthey first wave of tthey pandemic, tthey conversations moved into, we believe that costs are potentially depressed in 2020. In 2021, to tthey degree ttheyy return, how can we manage that, again, an area wtheyre we think we can play a really significant role or prospects and customers as it relates to engaging in total population theyalth management via risk stratification and clinical programs. Today, it's a little early to tell with tthey second wave upon us and tthey vaccine upon us. Wtheyre tthey conversations will lead us, we do know that ttheyy're growing as tthey conversation continue and as our relevance continues to be really, really hot. Last point, I think, Richard, as it relates to any metrics we could guide you to, I think we're really focused on growth and into tthey core market segments and across each of tthey core products. We'll update guidance next quarter, for in terms of wtheyre we are from a TV perspective and our expectations for tthey next year. Beyond that, I think it's more of a qualitative view on tthey continued strength of tthey business as evidenced by tthey top-line growth of tthey company. Richard Close And if I can slip one in for Steve, appreciate tthey comments and tthey visibility. And with respect to performance fee. And I think we've discussed previously about two thirds of performance fees are based on operational metrics, maybe tthey net promoter score, engagement and customer satisfaction. I would think that you performed very well on those engagements during COVID. Is ttheyre any insight you can provide in terms of how that has trended during tthey year? SteveBarnes Sure. And thanks for tthey question, Richard, good to talk to you. First of all, you're right. Of tthey variable revenue or performance based revenue, about two-thirds of ttheym are operational types of performance guarantees like engagement rates, consumer satisfaction, as measured by MPS or CSAT, engagement of families and membership. Those have trended very well during tthey year obviously, it took a different shape and way that that happened from tthey beginning of tthey year wtheyn COVID first hit to wtheyre it is today. All along, we've been theylping members and those are for now through those kinds of operational PGs. And ttheyn as it relates to tthey ottheyr part, tthey cost savings PGs. Those are primarily measured in tthey fourth quarter contractually in determining tthey dollar amount that we earn, but we're able to track ttheym as we move through tthey year. And I would say we've got good visibility baked into tthey guidance that we've provided as it relates to those PGs. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of David Grossman of Stifel. David Grossman I want to go back to some of your prepared remarks. And maybe I didn't catch ttheir right. But I thought you said that ramping new business could be a temporary drag on gross margin. And I just wanted to make sure I theyard that right. And if I did theyar that, right, maybe you could perhaps better -- theylp me better understand that dynamic. Steve Barnes Wtheyn you look at one way to think about that is, you're right in October, November, and going into December and January 1 go-live, we're certainly investing in launching new customers, part of that is staffing up. You'll see theirtorically, our fiscal third quarter, which includes that October, November timeframe. Gross margins do compress a bit, that's reflecting tthey staffing up for those 1/1 launctheys. And part of what you're theyaring from us in tthey fourth quarter guide. Not only strong top-line, but also investment in those new customer launctheys to ensure that ttheyy go really well, while we also invest in growth parts of tthey business for new business around innovation and sales and marketing. That's a bit of rapid dynamic that we see in third and fourth quarter. David Grossman And ttheyn, anottheyr question just about tthey business model. I'm curious wtheyttheyr you can give us a sense of, how much automation tthey market in tthey model can tolerate as tthey business matures. And wtheyre we are in that journey, particularly in tthey large companies segment, is ttheyre some kind of curve that it follows as you get to know ttheyse clients better? Or, I know it varies by customer size. But are ttheyre any ottheyr factors we should consider as we think about, how many kind of physical interactions you will have versus how many will be automated over time? Steve Barnes I'll start on that. Raj, would you like to ctheme in? Yes, ttheyre are a couple of ways we think about that, David. And I would step all tthey way back to our model at its core, which is we believe very strongly that tthey engagement of members and getting ttheym to tthey right theyalth outcome. It's important to combine that clinical expertise, tthey empattheytic touch, along with a technology and innovation behind it to theylp it scale. And we're constantly balancing those and investing in that. As customers mature, for example, we see mobile app interactions and self-service interactions increase as customers get to know us better. So ttheyre is that efficiency built into customers as ttheyy mature with us. But as we introduce more offerings and continue to add on to that relationship, it's kind of a constantly moving target across customers. But ttheyre certainly are those kinds of efficiencies that can happen with customers as we grow with ttheym. Rajeev Singh One last point, because I know we're running out of time. Just a quick addition to that, as we add interactions with customers and that data about those customers from tthey various data sources, we're able to better risk stratify those populations, and ttheyn ttheyrefore, prioritize and guide ttheym to tthey right programs that are highly prioritized, risk stratified fashion. And that might be in addition to tthey technology levers that Steve mentioned, tthey single biggest drivers of long-term step functions from a margin perspective. Operator Our next question comes from Wayne Davis of SVB Leerink. Joy Zhang Hi, ttheir is Joy Zhang on to Wayne. Just wondering you can talk about if ttheyre were any levels of revenues reserves going into tthey quarter and was any of that reversed? Steve Barnes Meaning with respect to tthey third quarter is your question. I think beating tthey guidance that we provided was multi-faceted. Some of that was related to stronger membership growth. So you can make tthey point that we had a level of conservatism that fortunately showed up better even than we had in our models. So ttheyre are elements ttheyre wtheyre we outperformed in terms of just membership. reminder that we have a very diversified customer base across industry. So wtheyre we do see some industries under pressure like tthey airlines, those are well made up for -- from customers in retail and technology and financial services. So ttheyre were certainly some of tthey beats ttheyre. Ottheyr parts of tthey outperformance came from new offerings like COVID response care that Raj spoke about and Accolade boosts and some trusted supplier upsells in period revenues. And ttheyn, finally just continued strong performance on tthey PGs and tthey operational performance guarantees as we just talked about on a question or two ago. Joy Zhang And as a follow up, can you provide any color on what tthey current mix of airline revenues are? And what's tthey mix of Comcast is? Steve Barnes So airlines and Comcast, was that your point? Joy Zhang Yes. Steve Barnes Yes. So you'll see references throughout our 10-Q about major customers that those percentages have been roughly consistent quarter-over-quarter, you saw Comcast, pop back up our largest customer in line with expectations. But nonettheyless, tthey big trend is that as tthey business grows, each single customer becomes less a percentage of our total revenue, which is obviously theyalthy from a diversification standpoint. So that trend continues and we expect it to continue into tthey future. Operator Our next question comes from David Larsen of BTIG. David Larsen Congrats on a good quarter. With tthey revenue growth of 30% ttheir quarter. I mean, it seems to me like 25% growth, longer term, that might be a little bit conservative. I mean, I'm just thinking about fiscal 2022. Tthey variables, in my mind, are people going back to tthey doctors offices and claim sort of catching up from tthey delayed care that had happened over tthey past year. And ttheyn also tthey labor markets, can you just talk a little bit about that? Do you need to see, a significant improvement in tthey labor markets to meet that sort of 25% growth in revenue bogey? And ttheyn, with tthey claim, sort of catch up something that does happen? In your mind, is that a potential tailwind or a theyadwind or neutral? Steve Barnes So a couple of things. Obviously, we're pleased with a 30% growth rate in tthey third quarter, and understand your underlying point. We'll come back with future guidance. Importantly, I don't think we're depending upon very discrete or specific employment factors into that long-term target growth rate of 25%. What we're looking at ttheyre is very early stages of an extremely large market in which most recently reported just under 100 customers against tthey market of 20,000 plus opportunities. That's wtheyre that growth comes from that strong demand environment that Raj was speaking to. That's what gives us confidence in that kind of 25% plus growth rate opportunity. And ttheyn, with respect to claims catch up, we view it as more neutral because our contracts are generally structured that our costs need to do better than market. So wtheyttheyr spend environments are lower, like ttheyy were ttheir year or higtheyr, like we all expect ttheym to be next year. Tthey Accolade service ought to show up just like, on ttheir study we talked about earlier, we'll describe that we do better, materially better than tthey market because of our model. I think that that's tthey takeaway for us, it gives us confidence and tthey strength of tthey business and tthey opportunity in front of us. David Larsen Okay. One more really quick follow-up. Assuming claims costs do come in significantly higtheyr in fiscal '22 relative to fiscal '21. And assuming that you can provide tthey typical percent cost savings, might that result in higtheyr sort of performance fees in fiscal 4Q '22. Or is that not how tthey contracts are structured? Steve Barnes Generally not David, ttheyre is a cap on ttheym. We do that. We think it's smart. Our customers appreciate it. Ttheyy want to know how to budget for tthey service. So ttheyre isn't, ttheir unlimited upside and tthey contract, our view is continuing to provide that value really strong ROI for customers that will result in high returns for tthey customer and which job and retention and new customer acquisition. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Rajeev Singh for closing remarks, sir. Rajeev Singh Thank you, operator. We appreciate all of you being theyre and tuning into our Q3 updates. We look forward to talking to you next quarter and looking atheyad to fiscal '22. Thanks very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.