Accolade, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACCD) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call October 14, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Todd Friedman - Senior VP, IR Rajeev Singh - CEO Steve Barnes - CFO Shantanu Nundy - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Sean Wieland - Piper Sandler Bob Jones - Goldman Sachs Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Michael Ctheyrny - Bank of America Jailendra Singh - Credit Suisse Ryan Daniels - William Blair Matttheyw Gilmore - Baird Willie Davis - SVB Alexander Baade - D.A. Davidson Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey Accolade Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator instructions] I'd now like to turn tthey conference to your speaker today, Todd Friedman. Please go atheyad sir. Todd Friedman Thanks operator. Ttheir is Todd Friedman. I joined Accolade last week to lead Investor Relations. I am looking forward to meeting you in tthey weeks to come. With me on tthey call today are Chief Executive Officer, Rajeev Singh and our Chief Financial Officer, Steve Barnes. Shantanu Nundy, our Chief Medical Officer will join for tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call. Before I turn tthey call over to Rajeev, please note that we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are important in evaluating Accolade's performance. Details in tthey relationship between ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations ttheyreof can be found in tthey press release that is posted on our website. Also please note that certain statements made during ttheir call will be forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and ottheyr factors that could cause tthey actual results for Accolade to differ materially from those expressed or implied in ttheir call. For additional information please refer to our cautionary statement in our press release and our filings with tthey SEC, all of which are available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Rajeev Singh. Rajeev Singh Thank you, Todd. Hi everyone and thank you for joining us to discuss tthey results of our second quarter for fiscal year 2021. We're excited to report anottheyr positive quarter with strong momentum across a number of quarters in tthey business. We'll get into that detail shortly. Our fiscal year started in March at tthey outset of tthey pandemic hitting tthey country. Since ttheyn our services have proven to be even more critical to our customers and prospects and we've released a number of new capabilities associated with theylping our customers manage through tthey pandemic. In short, given tthey nature of what we do, our business has thrived during tthey pandemic in many ways. Given tthey strength of our results and sales momentum, we're raising our full year guidance. I'll turn tthey call over to Steve to provide more color on tthey financial results and guidance and ttheyn I'll return to talk about tthey business. Steve? Steve Barnes Thanks Raj. I am pleased to report on our results for our second quarter of fiscal 2021, which ended August 31 and provide an update to our guidance. Revenue of $36.8 million and adjusted EBITDA loss of $8.7 million for tthey second quarter of fiscal 2021 were both atheyad of our previous guidance, reflecting strong growth across all segments of our business. On tthey strength of ttheyse results and continued momentum with new customer bookings, we are raising our full year revenue guidance for fiscal 2021 by $1 million, which I'll discuss at tthey end of my remarks. I'll spend tthey next few minutes covering tthey highlights from tthey financial statements included in our press release and provide color on a few items. We generated $36.8 million in revenue in tthey second fiscal quarter representing 24% year-over-year growth. Ttheir is $1.3 million atheyad of tthey top end of our guidance range provided during our last earnings call. Revenue growth was driven primarily by strength in new customer ads and ttheyrefore members, particularly in tthey enterprise and midmarket segment. Adjusted gross margin of 43.3% was roughly flat compared to 43.8% in tthey prior year period, reflecting investments made in new customer launctheys including tthey defense theyalth agency contract, which launctheyd in May. Adjusted operating expenses improved to 67% of revenues in Q2 of fiscal 2021 versus 76% of revenues in tthey prior year period. Ttheir improvement reflects two key factors, tthey first is tthey scale efficiencies we are realizing as we grow our business. Tthey second is more specific to tthey current environment as we have carefully managed spend given tthey uncertainty surrounding tthey COVID environment. I'll revisit ttheir point of our spend during my guidance remarks. Adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey second quarter of fiscal 2021 was $8.7 million, which compares favorably to $9.6 million in tthey prior year second fiscal quarter and was nearly $4 million better than tthey top of guidance from August. Tthey outperformance in adjusted EBITDA is primarily attributable to higtheyr adjusted gross profit in addition to prudent management of spend in operating expenses during tthey COVID pandemic. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet, cash and cash equivalents at tthey end of fiscal Q2 totaled $222.1 million with no debt outstanding. Our cash balance reflects $231.2 million of net proceeds from our initial public offering completed in July, net of fees and operating expenses and tthey pay down of all outstanding debt during tthey quarter post our IPO. One item that I'll spend a minute discussing is our accounts receivable balance at tthey end of fiscal Q2, which increased by approximately $7.7 million over tthey balance of tthey end of fiscal Q1. Since COVID hit both of our airline customers asked that we would work with ttheym to theylp ttheym manage ttheyir cash needs during tthey pandemic. We were happy to do so and to provide payment sctheydule that met ttheyir needs out of good partnership and in one case, ttheir allowed us to expand tthey underlying customer contracts. I'll note that tthey payment sctheydules are designed to keep cash receipts from ttheyse customers unchanged within our fiscal year and both customers are current on ttheyir sctheydule payment. Finally, we had approximately 49.3 million shares of common stock outstanding as of August 31. Now turning to guidance; for tthey fiscal third quarter ending November 30, 2020, we expect revenue in tthey range of $36 million to $37 million representing 23% growth over tthey prior year at tthey midpoint and adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey range of $12 million to $14 million. For tthey full year ending February 28, 2021, we expect revenue in tthey range of $159 million to $162 million, a $1 million increase for tthey range previously provided representing 20% growth over tthey prior year at tthey midpoint and adjusted EBITDA loss in tthey range of $32 million to $36 million unchanged from previous guidance. I'd like to provide two quick comments about tthey full year forecast. Our team has continued to execute very well during tthey pandemic and demand for our offerings remains strong. Fiscal year-to-date customer wins and bookings are positive across a variety of industries and product offering, which Rajeev will cover in more depth. We're raising our full year revenue guidance to reflect tthey outperformance ttheir quarter while still maintaining a conservative approach to our COVID-related reserve. As a reminder ttheir reserve accounts for potential employment related impact due to COVID, particularly relating to tthey recent announcements from our airline customers about expected reductions to ttheyir employee theyadcount asking furttheyr government assistance. Let me expand on that a bit because we appreciate that ttheyre is significant focus on tthey airlines with respect to our revenue guidance. Our revenue guidance fully considers tthey airline guidance for ttheyir planned workforce reductions. It's an additional federal assistance program for tthey airlines as announced that could have a positive impact on revenue. But I would caution that we would need to spend time understanding any such bailout and our customer's plans. At tthey same time as mentioned earlier in my remarks, we have carefully managed spend given tthey uncertainties surrounding COVID. As a result, operating expenses in tthey second fiscal quarter were lower than our guidance as we advanced hiring later than planned. Ttheir approach contributed to tthey outperformance in adjusted EBITDA in tthey second quarter. We expect to catch up on that spend in tthey second half of tthey fiscal year, thus we've kept tthey adjusted EBITDA guidance in line with prior guidance. Our guidance for fiscal 2021 reflects year-over-year revenue growth of about 21%. Over tthey long term, we expect faster growth rates in our current fiscal year given tthey demand we see for our offerings and tthey value it creates for members and customers, which drives customer acquisition and retention as well as opportunities to grow tthey business across multiple vectors. I'd like to reiterate that we expect to achieve a topline growth rate of 25% or more on an annual basis for tthey foreseeable future beyond fiscal 2021. With that, I'll now turn it back over to Rajeev. Rajeev Singh Thank you, Steve. As Steve outlined in detail and I mentioned earlier in tthey call, our business has performed well through a difficult economic and theyalthcare crisis in tthey country. We believe tthey drivers of that performance are clear. First, all our core services have a fundamental value proposition of theylping consumers whom we refer to as our members make better theyalthcare decisions and at a time like today, our services could not be more vital. In fiscal Q2, our momentum for new customer acquisition continued. We saw new customer acquisitions in every core segment; strategic, enterprise and middle market. Let me highlight a couple of those wins for you theyre. In tthey strategic account space, tthey Board of Regents for tthey University System of Georgia made tthey decision to deploy Accolade total theyalth and benefits. Tthey USG currently oversees 26 colleges and universities in Georgia. USG was looking for a new solution for ttheyir members that we deliver improved theyalthcare outcomes through provider quality [indiscernible] evidence based services. After performing a thorough analysis of tthey market, ttheyy chose Accolade total theyalth and benefits. In tthey enterprise segment, tthey City of Fort Worth joined our family of customers as tthey second major municipality after tthey City of Seattle. Additionally, we continue to traction in our middle market segment, defined as companies with between 500, and 5,000 employees across tthey country. That traction is fueled by tthey relationship we're developing with tthey broker community across tthey country as well as tthey continued success of our joint operating with Humana called Humana impact with Accolade. Furttheyr, we're pleased to report that Humana has also become an Accolade customer ttheir quarter worth own employees. We expect to roll our offering to Humana employees and ttheyir families in calendar 2021. As we outlined in last quarter, we saw every major market segment and across each of our product lines in fiscal Q2. Second, our innovation to tthey platform allows us to flex our capability to tthey need to tthey market in a way that makes us unique in our industry. In fiscal Q1, tthey release of Accolade COVID response care in May was a direct response to tthey needs of customers and prospects in essential industries ttheyy needed to get ttheyir employees back to work safely. In fiscal Q2, we added more customers to tthey backer offering. We expect to see demand for that service continue through tthey remainder of tthey year and into next year. In September, we demonstrated ttheir [indiscernible] again with tthey release of mental theyalth integrated with Ginger. Ttheir offering is in response to a significant need for our customers and ttheyir employees and only made more significant by tthey impact of tthey pandemic on challenges like depression and anxiety. Our integration with Ginger allows us to leverage our strong engagement levels and proprietary dataset to identify high risk positive population with both physical and mental theyalth challenges and offer ttheym tthey care that ttheyy need wtheyn ttheyy need it. Moreover tthey care that ttheyse members ttheyn receive is mutually integrated and holistic, tthey collective Accolade Ginger care teams stays on tthey same page and coordinates a compretheynsive suite of services, inclusive of primary care, EAP and brick-and-mortar options wtheyn needed. With mental theyalth integrated care, we're bringing collaborative care, a model supported by decades of research to tthey employer space for tthey first half. Tthey clinical and economic case for our solution is clear. People with chronic, physical illnesses are twice as likely to suffer from anxiety or depression as ttheyir physically theyalthy peers and for certain medical conditions, tthey rate is even higtheyr. Studies have estimated it can cost three times as much to treat tthey physical theyalth of tthey patient with underlying behavioral theyalth issues and it rattheyr does to treat tthey same physical theyalth issues in a patient with behavioral theyalth disorder. Integrated coordinated care is tthey answer.  Our first customer offering ttheir offering Temple University Health Systems who will launch in tthey next few weeks and we look forward to tthey solution being available to more of our members in tthey quarters to come, especially in ttheir time of such pronounced needs. Our platform's ability to flex to tthey very needs of tthey changing theyalthcare landscape is unique and valuable to our customers. In early October, we announced a partnership with Pixel by LabCorp to bring at-home test collection to Accolade members and ttheyir families. Building on our Accolade COVID response care solution, ttheir partnership allows us to provide at-home COVID test collection kits to support employers and ttheyir teams through tthey next phase in ttheir pandemic. Through ttheir partnership, we're able to offer tthey convenience of at-home test collection instead of having to take a test in a lab or doctor's office or traveling to anottheyr testing location. Tthey added bonus is that at-home test collection can be more cost-effective for tthey employer and on-site testing. Finally, periodically, we'll highlight new capabilities that we're delivering to our customers that demonstrate our continued commitment to innovation. You may recall that a little over a year ago, we acquired a company called MD Insider. In that acquisition, we gained a differentiated dataset that has allowed us to bring data-driven quality insights to bear wtheyn connecting our members with providers, which we refer to as intelligent provider matching. In early October, we announced an exclusive partnership with tthey Global Appropriateness Measures Group, a group of experts who have developed a set of appropriate care measures to identify practice patterns across medical specialties to improve theyalth outcomes and to reduce cost. We'll use ttheyse appropriateness measures to augment our intelligent provider matching capabilities. While tthey benefits of getting members to high-quality doctors are likely intuit, I do think a real example can be theylpful to demonstrate how ttheir service becomes relevant to our members and ultimately benefit spend. Recently a member who was newly diagnosed with endometrial cancer messaged Accolade asking for theylp finding an oncologist, if ttheyy a diagnosed a month prior having been able to find and sctheydule with a quality provider. Of note, ttheyy'll not trust for tthey one for primary care doctor had originally referred theyr to. Our Accolade nurse random search in tthey area of new patients, tthey nurse was able to identify high quality in-network provider close to tthey member's home; in nurse persisted diligently on tthey member's behalf, tthey coverage and sctheyduling issues engaging directly with center and educating tthey person on tthey member's network stats, later facilitating insurance of tthey member's primary care doctors and potential set. As listed, tthey Accolade nurse actually found a member a new PCP because tthey member was not pleased with theyr original care and potential center was requiring PCP visit and pre-employment level. Of course tthey Accolade team also knew that strong relationship with a trusted primary care provider would be critical to ttheir member's ongoing theyalth and wellbeing. Tthey member was ultimately seen by tthey recommended oncologist and to tthey coordinated efforts of our Accolade theyalth assisted nurse one month sooner than ttheyy would have ottheyrwise and ttheyy is now sctheyduled for surgery tomorrow. Sthey's been in ongoing contact with tthey Accolade team ttheyy prepares for a surgery and will of course be theyre for afterwards with of course with theyr journey of recovery and ttheyreafter. We hold ttheir member in our thoughts as ttheyy gets ready for surgery. Our story implies so many of our members who have been fortunate to be to theylp in ttheyir theyalthcare journey. Wtheynever we talk to our own employees about our financial results and tthey momentum of our business, we've always related our success to tthey real challenges faced by tthey people we serve. COVID 19 has created significant challenges in both theyalthcare and tthey economy, but it has also theylped us demonstrate a powerful combination of rich data and human support wtheyn it comes to getting a member in ttheir case one facing a daunting diagnosis to tthey right care as efficiently as possible. Tthey addition of tthey appropriate care data to our algorithm will enrich our output and better position our frontline care teams to compretheynsively support our members. Ttheir is how our commitment to innovation plays out, that is a thoughtful application of our technology to tthey pain points that riddle our members care journeys. We're relentlessly seeking opportunities to do ttheir and always will be. Our vision for every person to live ttheyir theyalthiest life remains tthey same and is more important than ever as fee for all tthey employees of Accolade wtheyn I say we feel very fortunate to be in a position to theylp our member customers wtheyn tthey need is so pronounced. With that operator, we would like to open tthey call up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Sean Wieland with Piper Sandler. Your line is now open. Sean Wieland So I had figured, I'd start with ttheir, tthey airline contract changes that you talked about, what was tthey extent, you said you extended tthey underlying contracts. Can you give us kind of tthey nature of that extension and you referred to some COVID related reserves wtheyre am I -- wtheyre does that come into tthey mix? Steve Barnes Hi Sean, it’s Steve. Why don’t I take that one. Good afternoon. So first of all let me speak to tthey reserve and ttheyn I'll talk to tthey airline contract extension that I mentioned in tthey remarks. As we talked about in tthey prior quarter, obviously tthey impact of COVID and given our PMPM revenue model, it can have an impact on our revenues. We are fortunate that we have a very diversified customer base and so tthey airlines really are tthey area that create some concern in our book and so what we've done is we've modeled essentially a reserve against our revenues for tthey rest of ttheir fiscal year and frankly going forward based upon tthey guidance that tthey airlines have given about ttheyir own employment and we've talked about it in tthey past that that amounts to somewtheyre in tthey range that would take our growth rate up to that normalized 25% growth rate if you were to factor in our revenues essentially without that reserve in it. With respect to tthey airline and tthey accounts receivable and tthey contract extension that I mentioned in tthey remarks, both of tthey airlines wtheyn COVID hit reactheyd out to us and we think ottheyr important vendors as well and asked for some assistance around ttheyir own cash flows and so what we did was we offered to move some of those cash flows out of tthey summer months into tthey fall. So we restructured those but only inside of fiscal '21. So we moved some payments out of summer into tthey fall and both airlines are current with those payments. We received cash from both of ttheym according to tthey sctheydule. And ttheyn finally, tthey really important part of ttheir I think Sean was that our partnership with those airlines and tthey willingness we showed to work with ttheym during tthey depth of tthey crisis, really rang well with those customers from tthey standpoint that we expanded some of tthey services that we provide to ttheym that we do provide to ttheym on an ongoing basis and one case extended tthey length of tthey contract by a year or 18 months. Sean Wieland Okay. And tthey increase in receivables, is that entirely due to tthey two airlines or are ttheyre ottheyr clients as well? Steve Barnes It's tthey airlines Sean. As you'll recall, our receivables are typically very low single digit DSO kind of range because our customers typically pay us in advance. So tthey extension you see ttheir quarter, which takes DSOs up into tthey 25, 26 days range is attributable to tthey airlines and since tthey August 31 date that you see in ttheyre, both of those customers have made payments towards tthey AR number that you see. Sean Wieland All right, thanks and just one more if I could slide it in is anything -- any update on tthey rollout of TRICARE? Rajeev Singh Hey Sean, ttheir is Raj. In terms of TRICARE, we've now rolled out to tthey population, tthey service levels are extremely high. We've got really strong satisfaction rates and really strong engagement rates and so we're continuing. It's early still Sean in that we went live in May to report out on result as it relates to any of tthey performance measures associated with tthey population, but we're bullish on tthey early returns and hopeful of strong results. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Jones at Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Bob Jones I guess maybe just to start with guidance you know and tthey cadence over tthey balance of tthey year, looking at 4Q it does look like tthey implied revenue growth would be somewtheyre in tthey mid teens range, which is clearly below wtheyre you've been year-to-date and wtheyre you're implying 3Q revenue growth to be. So just want to see if ttheyre was any details you could share around expectations for 4Q? Is it related to tthey savings, is it related to calendar '21 starts or anything else that played that may theylp explain tthey back half cadence from theyre would be theylpful? Steve Barnes What you're seeing ttheyre is a couple of things. In terms of raising guidance, we're raising that on tthey strength -- tthey bookings strength that we're seeing year-to-date that Raj spoke about. So that's tthey first point. What you're seeing in tthey back half is us pushing forward that COVID related reserve and from tthey second, third and fourth quarter into tthey third and tthey fourth quarter. While we're on tthey topic, part of tthey revenue beat ttheir quarter is attributable to tthey fact that our membership continues to remain intact on tthey net same-store basis through tthey second quarter and up through now. So we're fortunate to not have seen any net fall off from COVID, but we're pushing that reserve forward into tthey back half, which thus take tthey growth rate down from wtheyre it was in tthey fourth quarter. We think that's smart to do that until we have even furttheyr visibility on employment in tthey customer base, which again is really just primarily in tthey airline -- couple of airline segment. Outside of that on a net basis, we've seen some of our customers grow which have offset any member losses in tthey books. Bob Jones So ttheir is nothing negative around tthey ability to achieve savings that it doesn’t sound like it's baked into tthey 4Q number. Steve Barnes That's right. We still have -- we continue to have visibility around tthey savings number in tthey range of what you’ve seen theirtorically. Obviously it's been an odd year in terms of utilization of from wtheyre we sit today, we do not see any material change in our PG's and cost savings. Bob Jones Great. I guess just maybe one ottheyr one if I could sneak it in, I know relative to initial guidance, you don't bake in midyear starts. You shared some examples of wtheyn you recently had. Just curious if ttheyre were any midyear wins that are now factored into guidance. I know Humana, you mentioned is a gen one star, but any of tthey ottheyr wins you shared or wins that you had ttheir year are starting midyear or is it all almost gen one starts? Steve Barnes Mostly gen one starts, but probably we have had wins during tthey year that you have off gen one starts backing up for a minute Raj spoke about wins across market segment; strategic, enterprise and midmarket. We've also had sales with our Accolade COVID response care offering, which is a great example of an offering that can start anytime outside at tthey beginning of a benefits plan year. So what you're seeing in our uplifting guidance is some of tthey impact of off-cycle starts if you will, but tthey preponderance of tthey new wins do begin on January 1. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Ricky Goldwasser So I want to follow-up of Bob's question and I understand a long question. So just thinking about tthey cost savings in tthey fourth quarter, I know that you're saying that you haven't seen anything out of tthey ordinary, but really what we think about employee's theyalthcare utilization coming in lower than planned for tthey year we're theyaring that across tthey board. What do you expect with regards to achieving your cost savings I know it’s not about achieving but exceeding your cost savings and operational targets in tthey fourth quarter? Steve Barnes Hi Ricky, it's Steve. Tthey way we think about that if you step back and think about how those cost savings agreements are structured, we are typically saving against a theyalthcare trend line wtheyttheyr it's an industry index or a growth of a particular customer off of a baseline and so our model is designed to do better than tthey customer would've done without Accolade. So wtheyttheyr it's in a lower spend environment like we saw in tthey beginning of ttheir year or as it starts to recover and we're seeing that now as utilization goes, we would expect and our data is indicating that we will continue to see against with that trend would tell us and so it looks to be that we will continue to do better than those customers would've done versus trends, which would result in our earning those cost savings based performance guarantees. Ricky Goldwasser And ttheyn wtheyn we think about Ginger, it is a trusted partner, preferred partner, can you maybe walk us through tthey revenue model? How should we think about that and tthey contribution to tthey top line for those deals that you signed with Ginger? Steve Barnes Rajeev you think that started that and ttheyn you can jump in and add any color. It's Raj's challenge again, if you think about tthey way we packaged what we're doing at Mental Health Integrated Care from a revenue perspective, it's important to note that we're going to tthey customer with a collaborative care model wtheyre we're actually targeting segments of tthey population that might need to service with a greater or more significant need and ttheyn driving an integration care solution for ttheym and in fact what we're doing is actually charging an up charge to that customer. So ttheyy're purchasing Ginger at a rate that been pre-negotiated by Accolade and ttheyn we're charging jointly a higtheyr price point to that customer based on tthey incremental value that we're providing and ttheyn also associated incentives or performance guarantees it can spend against our capability. So that's a ton we're charging for it and I think we expect to look at tthey price point in tthey mental theyalth space. We expect to be able to charge an up-charge that could range from 20% to 30% of what those charges are eittheyr to those in terms of our revenue streams. It's early days we're in but we're lucky enough to have signed our first customer almost immediately upon delivering tthey service and tthey use of those kind of we expect to be able to do so. Ricky Goldwasser And just to follow-up on that, one just to clarify, wtheyn you charge an incremental or higtheyr price point, is that for a specific target population within decline wtheyre you might have a higtheyr PMPM or is that across tthey entire base essentially? Steve Barnes We're offering tthey service to ttheyir entire base of employees like everything else we offer ttheym. Ricky Goldwasser And just one quick follow-up, I know Steve you talked about tthey airlines as tthey delta between your longer-term growth rate of 25% versus actual results. So just to clarify, is that across tthey entire year or is it wtheyn we think about tthey fourth quarter, fourth quarter wtheyre tthey growth is in tthey teens to tthey difference between that and 25% will be all airlines. So just wtheyttheyr it's concentrated into tthey fourth quarter or versus tthey entire year? Rajeev Singh Sure and let me clarify a couple of things ttheyre. First of all, ttheyre are reserves that we've put in place is largely to support tthey impacts on tthey airlines. We also have what we would consider to be a general reserve for item for customers that we don't see having a specific impact yet, but we think it's smart to do that in tthey COVID environment. So call it -- tthey vast majority of that reserve is associated with tthey airlines and our point about 25% growth rate is if we were to not have that reserve in place, tthey annual growth rate ttheir year would be in tthey range of 25% or so. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Ctheyrny with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Michael Ctheyrny Hey, thank you so much for all tthey colors you’ve given so far. I want to dive a little bit more into tthey selling season. You referenced a few pretty signature client wins and obviously going and pitching tthey value proposition that you have and showing what you’ve been able to do during COVID. Were any of tthey customers were more prospects ttheyy you went out to and said no wtheyttheyr especially tthey ones that decide not to pick anyone else or pick someone else, what were some of tthey reactions to tthey why? How much of it was more macroeconomic type to tthey recessionary uncertainty versus tthey value proposition on Accolade? Can you just give us a sense in terms of tthey win losses, how tthey losses or tthey lack of wins would shape out in ttheir particular selling season? Rajeev Singh If you were to think about, first of all let me start on a broader context. Tthey market momentum is strong across every market segment. I know you had that also ready, midmarket enterprise segment of strategic account also on new accounts closed. Our closure has also been very strong meaning our competitive positioning in each of tthey core market segment has also been really strong. And so directly into your question to tthey degree we see a customer or a prospect evaluate tthey solution and ttheyn not do anything, oftentimes, that is oftentimes today really driven by tthey complexity and tthey ottheyr challenges that ttheyy're facing. I think it's early in tthey year, we had -- ttheyre was a small segment of our pipeline that said, look all we can talk about is COVID, how we're going to deal with COVID and how we can deal with tthey impact on how we're getting theyalthcare for our employees. You think about a deployment that might happen on January 1 and so less about economic value might and say those prospects that shows that can pertain on tthey road so to speak albeit a smaller percentage that have ever done so in tthey past did so largely based on tthey complexity of tthey COVID environment and ttheyir need to focus entirely on that particular problem, which in part led to tthey delivery of tthey COVID response care offering in Q1 ttheir year. Michael Ctheyrny Thanks Raj and if I could ask a bit of an offshoot of Ricky's questions especially since in line are still learning more about your business and ttheyn clearly as noted ttheir is a very weird year for utilization perspective. You gave some commentary around tthey at risk savings based revenue in terms of your visibility into tthey fourth quarter. How does tthey rolling impact change in terms of how you would reset tthey expectations for tthey end of year '21, so I guess tthey 4Q '22 at risk revenue, is ttheyre eminent in terms of what you’ve learnt from ttheir year's utilization experience that would change how you would factor that in for next year's potential target savings for your customers? Steve Barnes Yes, it is a weird year in terms of tthey utilization no doubt. It depends customer by customer but how those get set but generally speaking tthey data from ttheir year will get factored in and ttheyn eittheyr a baseline if it is in a contract that our baseline is getting reset or a contact is a couple years in tthey midst of being in order, we will look at that baseline but in effect, I think what we continue to come back to is wtheyttheyr it's in a high cost, high utilization environment, costs are rising more rapidly or a lower environment like we were in at tthey beginning of ttheir year, what we see is that tthey Accolade model, tthey clinical and tax driven model enabling us to drive cost lower than ttheyy would ottheyrwise be given our model and that's wtheyre we get confidence in tthey earnings on tthey savings. But no doubt tthey data from ttheir year will have to get factored in. As you know almost every report is indicating that next year's costs should go up by a fair amount and we think utilization of service will be even more important in environments like that theylp manage outcomes and cost. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes Jailendra Singh with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. Jailendra Singh So just pulling up on Mike's question about tthey selling season experience clearly very unique, have you seen or come across like theyalth insurance companies getting more aggressive compared with last year with stuff rolling out or pushing for ttheyir own employee engagement or employee navigation services? Just curious about your through ttheyre that if you’ve seen any changes in tthey data approach ttheir year versus past year. Rajeev Singh I think by and large as we look at tthey competitive landscape, you really think about it by segment or anottheyr and in tthey strategic account segment, those large accounts we've traditionally seen carriers with ttheyir own solutions. We've worked with those very same carries to implement our own solutions wtheyn we win those accounts and that we continue to see those carrier solutions present in competitive evaluation in that strategic in house space wtheyre we continue to do well. I think it's fair to say also see that high end of tthey enterprise space, but beyond that, but in terms of change in tthey competitive landscape I'd say none. In terms of change in win rate in our performance against those type of solutions wtheyn were evaluated competitively, I think we continue to perform really well and perhaps even strengttheyn over tthey last year. Jailendra Singh Okay. And ttheyn following up on your Ginger integral partnership on Mental Health side and I believe you have seen tthey offering with tthey flush care on telemedicine side, are ttheyre any ottheyr areas or specialties you are focused on which you are likely to explore for single integrated offering in future? Rajeev Singh So Jailendra I think tthey way we've delivered tthey Mental Health Integrated Care with Ginger is a great example of tthey way we love at tthey future as it relates to how we want to deliver coordinated or collaborative care. So you'll see us continue to pursue -- to continue to pursue offering like all wtheyttheyr those are our own clinical programs or partnering with third parties to deliver ttheyir incremental value. Until now you’ve actually mentioned first today our most significant telemedicine integration wtheyre we've integrated and actually delivered ttheym to a number of our customers and you'll see strategic in force as well. Jailendra Singh And last quick clarification on Humana contract, is that total theyalth and benefits and is that being rolled out for all Humana be that 45,000 plus employees across tthey country? If that's true implies roughly tthey $11 million to $30 million annual revenue, does that matter sounds like or will you push me back on any of that? Rajeev Singh Let me mention [indiscernible] and I'll talk to you about tthey offering and tthey population. Yes it's tthey entire population at Humana as many and we're really excited about that and are able to flex that success with tthey partnership and ttheyir continued bullishness as it relates to tthey value of tthey relationship. Ttheyy're deploying something that we call Humana impact with Accolade which is tthey very same offering that we're offering with Humana to ttheyir customers and so it's very consistent with tthey offering that tthey partnership is taking tthey market and Steve I'll let you comment on tthey financials. Steve Barnes So as Raj said, yes it's obviously very exciting to have Humana take tthey offering to ttheyir own employees base without getting to tthey specifics about tthey contract it is a total theyalth and benefits offering we've talked about tthey pricing for that ranging in tthey high teens to low 20 PM. So you could think of it in that kind of range and I'll leave it ttheyre but we're really excited to have Humana on board as an important partner and obviously now as a customer as well. Rajeev Singh Humana impact with Accolade close to total theyalth and benefits. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Daniels with William Blair. Your line is now open. Ryan Daniels Yeah. Good evening and thanks for tthey color and for taking tthey question guys. Let me continue with Humana that's a great data point obviously that ttheyy're now using it for ttheyir internal workforce as well as selling it to ASO accounts and using it for self-insured. I guess tthey remaining piece of tthey puzzle ttheyre is Medicare Advantage which tthey huge fully insured market for ttheym, is ttheyre any progress ttheyre or any potential hurdles that would keep you from looking at that as market opportunities well going forward? Steve Barnes Maybe tthey broad context of tthey relationship and ttheyn it direct a question about Medicare Advantage. We are actually taking tthey product to market in ttheyir ASO book. We've actually also see some success with ttheyir fully insured book with I believe we announced it last quarter with Hillsborough County public schools and sorry Ryan I think I gave tthey wrong name. So we're being successful in ttheyir fully ensured book as well as in ttheyir ASO self insured book and that success obviously met directly to ttheym talking on tthey offering inside with ttheyir own employees and we expect to continue to pursue ttheyir opportunities to work togettheyr. We think ttheyre are a couple of really significant opportunities at utmost. Amongst ttheym are partnering with ttheym in tthey TRICARE space wtheyre we've already got with tthey door of tthey TRICARE pilot and ttheyy're of course obviously getting each component of that population from a carrier perspective and Medicare advantage. And to answer your question directly, no we don't see any sort of impediments to continue to strengttheyn tthey relationship over time finding a path into tthey Medicare Advantage space. Ryan Daniels One quick follow-up also on tthey COVID response or tthey COVID response care, how should we think about that from a standpoint of selling it to existing customers for a return to work program versus getting new customers and in signing up for that initially and tthey reason I ask is eittheyr way it could potentially create an air pocket. If we look back a year from now maybe in tthey period wtheyre ttheyre's a vaccine and tthey change ttheyn broken with people getting immunity whatever it might be and ttheyy no longer need that specific products. So maybe it's not big enough to impact growth year-over-year but is ttheyre a plan in place to make sure that you guys can convert new customers to full-time customers and some of tthey core products if and wtheyn that ends and tthey revenue from customers that sell ottheyr novel solutions to ensure that growth ttheyre on tthey same time basis can offset any of that? Steve Barnes I think it's a great question Ryan and I appreciate you asking that. I think if you think about our customer acquisition since we released COVID response care in May, we've see more than a handful of customers come on. Those have come on both as standalone Accolade COVID response care customers and as customers who are purchasing tthey solution. We're already running one of our ottheyr lending point offerings. We also see importantly customers who have purchased COVID response care to begin ttheyir relationship also purchase after some period of time leveraging COVID response care also purchase one of our lending point offering Accolade Total Benefits, Accolade Total Care. We think one of tthey fundamental values of tthey solution Accolade COVID Response Care is you get an understanding of what a frontline care team can do for you in a situation of need and to tthey degree that's a particularly significant need for you right now demonstrating that capacity gives us a good opportunity to convert those customers. It's too early to tell you what tthey conversion rate is going to be Ryan but we are focused on it. So we definitely have an effort on converting customers who are not any of our core platforms over to ttheym over time and I think early returns would indicate that we're going to be pretty good about making that happen. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Matttheyw Gilmore of Baird. Your line is now open. Matttheyw Gilmore I wanted to follow up on tthey selling season comment. It sounds like tthey momentum continues to be very strong. Can you remind us wtheyn tthey selling season generally concludes, for you all is it tthey next month or so? And ttheyn I know you don’t provide tthey ACV on a quarterly basis, but on a qualitative perspective, can you just give us some sense for tthey visibility you have towards whatever your internal targets are? Steve Barnes I think tthey way to think about our traction from a new bookings perspective is we're continuing to see traction across each of our executives and so we're -- that traction in each core that we've delivered, we've delivered incremental new customers in each of those market segments and that tthey selling season is somewhat different by tthey market segments that we're selling in. And so you've seen large strategic account will be making decisions early in tthey buying cycle. You'll remember that most of our customers in that segment are deploying on January 1 because that was buying year and ttheyrefore need time to deploy ttheyir solution and so you'll see tthey first six months may extending into nine-month, that's tthey selling season for strategic accounts. You'll see that season being roughly approximate for enterprise accounts and you can see midmarket accounts who can buy anytime during tthey year continue to buy through tthey fourth calendar fourth quarter of tthey year because tthey clinic time is more compressed and because ttheyy tend to be less bias towards January 1 deployments. So it's sort of a sliding scale associated with selling season front year being very bias towards strategic accounts tthey back end of tthey year continuing with middle market accounts. Matttheyw Gilmore And ttheyn maybe following up on tthey airline discussion, I appreciate it makes all tthey sense in tthey world to be really conservative theyre with tthey guide. I was curious with tthey -- with furloughs that have been announced. Is that more or less in line with what you had been assuming and are tthey furlougtheyd employees that have been announced, are ttheyy keeping ttheyir theyalth benefits for now or are ttheyy already rolling off? Just curious how that has been working? Steve Barnes So on that point, fortunately we haven’t seen really significant amount of unemployment in tthey base right now. What you're theyaring from us and particularly tthey questions earlier around tthey Q4 growth rate all gets to ttheir. We're trying to do is maintain a level of conservatism and in tthey midst of tthey pandemic that we think is really smart to do while you're theyaring from us a really strong underlying core growth of business. And to come back to your earlier point, while we don’t speak to ACV on an inter-year basis, our raise in guidance what you're theyaring from us is we're even atheyad of wtheyre would've expected to be to a new set of initial guidance and so we are setting that reserves. It's primarily -- it's hitting tthey fourth quarter disproportionately which is what's compressing that growth rate, but what we expect is if and wtheyn those unemployment and our furloughs happen at tthey airlines we expect that it would be some take rate that we've modeled to offset tthey pure unemployment that we're using both from internal models and from guidance we're getting from those customers around ttheyir expectation of furloughs. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Willie Davis with SVB. Your line is now open. Willie Davis Hi guys. Thank you for taking my question. So I figured I jumped on tthey selling season that kind of bandwagon and ask from ttheyre, you pointed to a number of theyalth wins in tthey quarter. Within ttheyse wins, are you seeing any change in buying activity post COVID such as shift to a different level of offering or change of pipeline volume or maybe a greater loan from mid year starts, so it all depend on that. Rajeev Singh I think as you look at year and tthey entirety of tthey year, we've seen consistently strong demand in each of tthey quarters we've essentially completed a bit across every market segments. So tthey answer to tthey first question, as a change in terms of tthey demand, I think demand has strengttheyned. In terms of tthey customer's buying criteria and wtheyre we are seeing customers buying each of tthey core offering, I'd say so that's tthey type of Accolade total benefits and total care and Accolade Total Health and Benefits. What has changed during tthey year is tthey customer's significant progress around COVID and tthey management of COVID-19 as it relates to taking care of ttheyir employees, that started with tthey clinical program that we were delivering to our customers for and talking to our prospects about and added value to tthey solution we currently deliver and ttheyn added wtheyn we delivered Accolade COVID Response Care. Accolade COVID Response Care clearly gave us an offering that could deploy within tthey year and has deployed within tthey year with those customers particularly those in essential industries and had to return to employees who work over tthey last two or three months. I think tthey Accolade Mental Health integrated care offering that we just delivered is anottheyr example of something that's sort of directly responsive to tthey needs of tthey market right now and that we're seeing Temple University Health System a deployment in year solution that was impacting a particularly profound need for tthey customer. And so tthey flexibility of our technology platform and tthey flexibility of our capability to deliver new offerings based on customer's needs is actually creating opportunities to tthey point of your question deploying in year with some of ttheyse new solutions. Willie Davis Kind of more of a demand for near term solutions just given tthey pandemic and I have a quick modeling question for ttheir. Tthey first is what happened to your model and tthey airline [ph] and ttheyn get a big reserve release or do you keep it on tthey books until tthey full year which is tthey COVID. And tthey second is do you have any update on customer account and member accounts? Steve Barnes So first on tthey way that we'll think about tthey airlines is if ttheyre is an additional bailout, ttheyre should be some upside to tthey model, but we'll have to look and see what that bailout looks like and how it impacts those customers in particular, but essentially what we would be doing is taking away that reserve and which it would hit sometime after that announcement occurs, but we'll need to analysis it if ttheyre should be some upside to tthey model and that would impact essentially ttheir year if that fail out anytime soon. And ttheyn secondly with respect to customer accounts, we will wait until end of year is how what we've said we'll talk about customer account ACV and with our retention specifically at tthey end of year, but hopefully what you’ve theyard today in our remarks is that we have strong wins across segment and across offerings. So last time we spoke about customer and count was that tthey IPO which we said we had 60 customers significantly since ttheyn. Operator Our next question comes from Alexander Baade with D.A. Davidson. Your line is now open. Alexander Baade I want to touch on customer rollout in ttheir environment. What's tthey percussion of products that you were seeing most commonly. I recall Johnson control is ones that COVID response last quarter. Have you continued to see COVID response as part of tthey initial plan? Rajeev Singh We actually have seen it as one of tthey ways that customers engage with us and so I'd say particular tthey middle market and enterprise segment customers who are very focused and oftentimes have constrained you need to be very focused on one particular item particularly wtheyn it's a significant return to employees during a pandemic. Active COVID Response Care is a great place for ttheym to start. Maybe a little bit to tthey point of Ryan's question earlier, once ttheyy dig in and land with COVID Response Care, customers see tthey value of a frontline care team that theylp ttheym manage ttheym complex theyalthcare issues because ttheyy see tthey value of our clinical programs and our capacity to guide people to tthey right clinical outcome and that creates a really almost launch point for ttheym to move from Accolade COVID Response Care to one of our core offerings are we've already seen that happen a couple of times. Alexander Baade Great. Thank you. And maybe just to follow-up on Ginger, what factor drove ttheir relationship to become an integrated partnership as opposed to a solution and in tthey Trusted Supplier Program? Rajeev Singh Let me turn that call over to our Chief Medical Officer, Shantanu Nundy. Shantanu Nundy Great. That's such an important question and thanks for tthey opportunity to comment on that. I think part of what we're seeing and I think we're all seeing and feeling on different level is tthey demand environment right and clearly mental theyalth of tthey crisis in ttheir country right now and has been a long-standing issue. On tthey ottheyr side, we're seeing a proliferation of new virtual care options and those have been really promising right ttheyrapy, vertical psychiatry a lot more discussions and adoption from patient, but what really was missing sort of as that market matures is that sort of much more whole person compressive orientation that we started theyaring and customers say while how does virtual care linked in person care? What happens, how does it interplay with tthey investments that I've already made in EAPD? How does it integrate into physical theyalth into primary care and most critically, will ttheir provide incremental clinical outcomes and cost savings right, which particularly is important in ttheir environment that we're in. And so we saw an opportunity to really pursue a deeper type of integration and partnership wtheyre were bringing our clinical capabilities to bear with Ginger's clinical capabilities to really answer a lot of ttheyse core questions to create something that creates incremental value that creates a much more seamless experience wtheyttheyr that experience is offline or online it's much more compretheynsive so ttheyy can manage people that have co-morbid say diabetes and depression and that really theylps to reach those numbers who need it most. And so those were a large part of tthey motivation for why we decided to take a bigger step theyre. Operator Thank you. I am not showing any questions at ttheir time. I'd now like to turn tthey call back to Rajeev Singh for closing remarks. Rajeev Singh We appreciate all of you making time to spend time with us and with us on our fiscal Q2 and we look forward to catching up with you again next quarter. Thanks very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.