ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 24, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Chris McGinnis - Investor Relations Boris Elisman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tom Tedford - President and Chief Operating Officer Deb O’Connor - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Greg Burns - Sidoti & Company Joe Gomes - NOBLE Capital Kevin Steinke - Barrington Research William Reuter - Bank of America Hale Holden - Barclays Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial Operator Hello and welcome to tthey ACCO Brands 4Q 2022 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jacob, and I’ll be coordinating today’s call. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn tthey call over to ACCO Brands’ Senior Director of Investor Relations, Chris McGinnis. Please go atheyad, Chris. Chris McGinnis Good morning and welcome to ACCO Brands fourth quarter 2022 conference call. Ttheir is Chris McGinnis, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Speaking on tthey call today are Boris Elisman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACCO Brands Corporation; Tom Tedford, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Deb O’Connor, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides that accompany ttheir call have been posted to tthey Investor Relations section of accobrands.com. Wtheyn speaking about our results, we may refer to adjusted results. Adjusted results exclude transaction, integration, amortization, and restructuring costs, a non-cash goodwill impairment charge and tthey change in fair value of tthey contingent consideration related to tthey PowerA earn-out and ottheyr non-recurring items and reflect an adjusted tax rate. Sctheydules of adjusted results and ottheyr non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of ttheyse measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are in tthey earnings release and tthey slides that accompany ttheir call. Due to tthey intheyrent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts, we do not reconcile our forward-looking non-GAAP measures. Forward-looking statements made during tthey call are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of management based on information available to us at tthey time tthey statements are made. Our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and our actual results could differ materially. Please refer to our earnings release and SEC filings for an explanation of certain of ttheyse risk factors and assumptions. Our forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we assume no obligation to update ttheym going forward. Following our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session Now I’ll turn tthey call over to Boris Elisman. Boris Elisman Thank you, Chris and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. Before I talk about our 2022 performance and priorities for 2023, I want to say that tthey solid fundamentals of our business are intact and we believe we have tthey right strategy and team to weattheyr tthey current economic slowdown and continue to deliver sustained organic revenue growth as tthey economy improves. Tthey transformative actions we have taken over tthey past few years to be more consumer-centric and geographically diverse theylped us achieve record comparable sales and maintain or grow market share in many of our key brands in 2022. 2022 was a tale of two halves. We began tthey year strong as customers turn to us for surety of product for tthey important back-to-school season, and as office occupancy rates rebounded in North America. In our EMEA segment, we had strong volume growth for computer and business products with sales tracking above pre-pandemic levels through tthey first half of tthey year. Tthey trend in EMEA began to change in tthey summer of ‘22 as high levels of inflation, tthey war in Ukraine, and tthey energy crisis dampened consumer and business demand. In North America, retailers became concerned about an impending economic slowdown. And ttheyy began to take an aggressive stance on reducing inventory levels in tthey third quarter that continued throughout tthey fourth quarter, leading to lower overall demand in our North America segment. Ttheyse actions were on top of tthey impacts from pulling orders forward into tthey first half of tthey year. All of ttheyse factors reduced our sales volume in tthey back half of 2022. Profit in 2022 followed a similar trend as tthey rate of inflation continued to increase throughout 2022, for raw materials, finittheyyd goods and transportation, and outpaced our aggressive pricing actions, which included numerous price increases throughout tthey year. We have been active on tthey cost front, limited discretionary spending, implementing office hiring freezes, flexing direct labor theyadcount with volume and closely managing our SG&A cost structure throughout tthey year. In Q4, we actioned additional cost savings and restructuring activities in North America and EMEA, intended to expand margin through initiatives focused on improving operating efficiency and reducing costs. Importantly, we’re seeing deflation in ocean freight rates and moderating rates of inflation in ottheyr product costs. We believe that tthey lessening rate of inflation combined with our pricing and cost actions, including our January 1 price increase better position us to expand margins in 2023. While 1 month does not make a quarter or a year, we are encouraged by tthey gross margin improvements we saw in January. As largely reflected by tthey rest of tthey industry, our sales of gaming accessories were down 26% for tthey year. In 2022, tthey gaming market faced a number of challenges and a difficult comparison to 2020 and 2021, wtheyn consumers spend more on in-home entertainment activities due to pandemic, as demand for tthey category softened with tthey reopening of experiential activities, many retailers engage in aggressive inventory destocking. Tthey gaming market also experienced semiconductor shortages throughout 2022, which limited both video gaming consoles and gaming accessories production. While we continue to hold tthey leading market share position for third-party gaming accessories, we temporarily lost some market share in tthey fourth quarter due to lack of product availability and a very competitive and promotional holiday season. Despite ttheyse challenges, we continue to believe in tthey long-term growth opportunity for gaming accessories and are executing our plans to expand our product assortment and accelerate growth in our EMEA and International segments. In 2023, we expect tthey industry backdrop to stabilize and improve as tthey year progresses and our semiconductor chip supply and new console production improves. In addition, ttheyre are several new game titles coming to market in 2023, which theirtorically has spurred greater gamer engagement and tthey sales of associated gaming accessories. Now let me share with you some highlights from 2022. Outside of gaming accessories comparable product sales increased 5%, fueled by tthey strength of our brands. Kensington, our computer accessories brand grew 10% in North America during tthey fourth quarter and was up over 13% globally for tthey full year, as we continue to bring new products to market and expand our enterprise sales. Ttheir is our fifth straight year of growth for tthey Kensington business. We have continued to enhance tthey offering, introducing a host of new products, largely related to connectivity and security. During tthey 2022 back-to-school season, our Five Star brand gained 2 points of share and grew 10% for tthey year. It was tthey second largest back-to-school brand in tthey U.S. during tthey season. We demonstrated tthey strength of our supply chain capabilities to support customers with on-time deliveries during highly seasonal and high-volume engagement. Our International segment had an exceptional year, posting 19% comparable sales growth for tthey full year and delivered over 40% improvement in adjusted operating profit. Ttheir growth was fueled by our market-leading Tilibra and Foroni brands in Brazil as in-personal education continues its recovery in Latin America. Ttheyse successes and strong brand performances from GBC, Quartet, Noble and Barrilito, among ottheyrs, give us confidence that our commitment to bring in innovative, value-added new products to market; and investing behind our brands, operations, and customer service is transforming our company towards faster organic sales growth. As we look to 2023, we are focused on four key priorities. First, we are laser-focused on restoring our gross margin. As I mentioned earlier, we have implemented multiple rounds of price increases, including our most recent round on January 1 of ttheir year. And we have tthey ability to continue to raise prices to offset inflation, if warranted. Our ongoing productivity program delivered $20 million in mostly COGS savings in 2022. Ttheir included actions to improve our supply chain processes and consolidate our manufacturing and distribution footprints in North America. We also plan to reduce tthey number of SKUs we offer globally to simplify tthey manufacturing and distribution processes, improve our sourcing capabilities and reengineer current product specs for lower cost. Ttheyse actions will meaningfully mitigate tthey inflationary pressures we have experienced over tthey last 18 months and improve our gross margin. We will continue to evaluate additional cost reduction measures, including facilities consolidations in response to current macroeconomic environment and secular trends. Our second priority is to profitably manage tthey top line and what is expected to be a slow economic environment, especially in tthey first half. We have a complementary assortment of products and brands that occupy value to premium price points and met with profitable position for various customer segments, including tthey value segment. Historically, we have been able to do that with Five Star and Mead brands, Five Star and Hilroy, and Lights and Esselte brands, as examples. We need to ensure that we are disciplined in offering tthey right assortment for tthey price point and not discounting our premium feature reach brands. Third, we will continue to invest in tthey product innovation, key brands and growth initiatives. Innovation and new product development have been a key factor behind successes of our brands and ttheyir ability to grow or maintain our leading market share positions. We have a host of new product introductions that will continue to drive our growth in 2023. Fourth, we will continue to manage our SG&A spend to improve management of theyadcounts and discretionary expenses. Offsetting ttheyse actions in ‘23 will be tthey restoration of tthey annual incentive plans. While ACCO Brands is not immune to current changes in economic conditions, we have tthey right strategy and an experienced management team to navigate tthey current operating environment. We remain confident in our transformation to drive long-term sustainable organic revenue growth and are well capitalized with no debt maturities until 2026 and low fixed interest rates for over half of our outstanding debt. We continue to generate consistent strong cash flow and we’ll prioritize dividend payments and debt reductions in 2023. As I mentioned earlier, tthey margin expansion is a top priority for tthey company. Our management of price and costs will determine how successful it will be in achieving margin expansion goals. Pricing will be largely establittheyyd in tthey marketplace, but our value-added cost is something we can control and manage. I have asked Tom Tedford, ACCO Brands’ President and Chief Operating Officer, to lead a multiyear effort to improve tthey efficiency of our physical assets in capital investments. Tom has been with ACCO Brands for 13 years and in their current role for tthey last 18 months. I will now turn tthey call over to Tom to share with you tthey details of ttheir initiative. Tom Tedford Thank you, Boris and good morning everyone. During tthey fourth quarter of 2022, we initiated restructuring plans for both our North America and EMEA segments. Tthey actions are intended to expand 2023 margins through initiatives focused on improving operating efficiency, and reducing costs while continuing to support key seasonal product sets, for our retail partners and category-leading service levels for all of our customers. In North America, our actions are focused on streamlining and simplifying tthey organization through consolidation of supply chain operations, SKU reduction and automating our sales support process. In EMEA, we are focused on reducing redundancy and enhancing productivity with SKU reduction and ottheyr sourcing initiatives. We expect to realize $13 million in annual cost savings from ttheyse actions, tthey vast majority of which will come in 2023. We are in tthey middle of a multiyear journey to rationalize our facilities footprint. Last year, we closed 1 distribution center in California, and rebalanced our manufacturing and distribution capabilities in tthey U.S. Ttheyse actions will save us $2.5 million per year. We are looking at additional opportunities to leverage our existing footprint in tthey U.S. and shift more outsourced distribution into our facilities. In EMEA, we recently completed tthey move from a third-party distribution facility in tthey UK and consolidated shipments to our UK warehouse. Earlier ttheir month, we approved a manufacturing facility closure in Continental Europe. And will consolidate its production into anottheyr ACCO Brands factory in Europe. Ttheir project will be executed ttheir year with tthey P&L savings to come in 2024. We are in tthey process of analyzing ottheyr global manufacturing and distribution consolidation opportunities and we will announce those as decisions get made after appropriate consultations with works council and ottheyr relevant entities. Finally, we are looking at opportunities to reduce our office space upon every commercial lease expiration. Hybrid work arrangements are theyre to stay, and we believe we can save millions by reducing our office square footage while maintaining or improving tthey productivity of our workforce. We have recently reduced our office space in California, and have approved a move to a smaller office in tthey UK with more to come. Ultimately, we expect ttheyse initiatives will create operating efficiencies, improve profitability, enhance productivity, as well as fund future growth initiatives. I will now hand it over to Deb and will come back to answer your questions. Deb? Deb O’Connor Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Wtheyn we last spoke to you in November, I highlighted significant inventory destocking by retailers with ttheyir cautious approach to replenishment. Ttheir activity continued in tthey fourth quarter and actually accelerated throughout tthey quarter, especially in North America. We have also seen a continued decline in tthey macroeconomic environment and slowing demand. We reported sales at tthey low end of our outlook due to ttheyse challenges. Ttheir lower sales volume, coupled with some one-off expenses and higtheyr non-operating expense caused EPS to be $0.01 below our guidance range. In tthey fourth quarter of 2022, reported sales decreased 12% as foreign currency was a 5% theyadwind. Comparable sales were down almost 8%. Tthey decline was due to lower volumes in our North America and EMEA segments, offsetting solid growth in our International segment. As Boris mentioned, we had stronger first half sales due to tthey pull forward by retailers, as well as softer demand trends that began in tthey third quarter. With ttheir stronger first half, our full year comparable sales were up 1%. In tthey fourth quarter, adjusted operating income was $52 million compared with $79 million last year. Adjusted EPS was $0.32 versus $0.54 in 2021. For tthey full year, adjusted operating income was $176 million versus tthey $228 million a year earlier and full year adjusted EPS was $1.04 versus $1.41 in 2021. In tthey fourth quarter, our adjusted operating income decline was greater than tthey reduction in our sales volume as tthey lagging effect of significant inflation contained. While inflationary costs are beginning to come down, ttheyir lagging effect on our P&L will continue to impact our gross profit in tthey first quarter of 2023, but we expect it will improve as we progress through tthey year. Given tthey lower sales overall, we have also experienced fixed cost deleveraging in some of our facilities. In tthey quarter, ttheyre were some unfavorable one-off items, a Canadian operating tax catch-up, excessive fines related to demurrage, and tthey comparative impact of a favorable inventory reserve release last year. Tthey total amount of ttheyse one-off items accounted for 150 basis point decline in our consolidated operating margin for tthey fourth quarter. In response to tthey change in tthey macroeconomic environment, we initiated a number of cost reduction and restructuring actions in tthey fourth quarter as Boris and Tom both mentioned earlier. For tthey quarter, we booked restructuring charges of approximately $7 million for our North America and EMEA operating segments. We expect annual cost savings from ttheyse actions to yield approximately $13 million, which will largely be recognized in 2023. Our ongoing productivity initiatives are expected to yield anottheyr $15 million of incremental savings in 2023. Tthey collective sum of ttheyse savings will theylp mitigate tthey reestablishment of incentive compensation and merit increases in 2023. We are also committed to continue to spend on our go-to-market initiatives, particularly in sales and marketing and invest in product development. Fourth quarter adjusted SG&A expenses were $93 million compared with $99 million in 2021, primarily as a result of lower incentive compensation, cost savings initiatives and tthey positive benefit of FX, partially offset by continued investment in our go-to-market programs, and increased bad debt expense. Full year SG&A expenses were 19.3% of sales, consistent with tthey prior year. Now let’s turn to our segment results. Fourth quarter comparable net sales in North America decreased 16% to $227 million. Tthey decrease was due to volume declines for gaming accessories, lower inventory replenishment by retailers, and a slowing demand environment. In tthey third quarter, we discussed with you that retailers began to reduce ttheyir inventory levels for our products. Ttheyse actions increased in tthey fourth quarter, creating even more of a theyadwind in tthey period. For tthey full year, comparable net sales were down 4%, which includes tthey stronger first half of tthey year. Growth in many of our brands and categories was offset by tthey decline in gaming accessories. North America adjusted operating income margin in tthey fourth quarter decreased due to negative fixed cost leverage from tthey volume declines, higtheyr cost of finittheyyd goods and specific commodity materials, and higtheyr inbound freight and outbound transportation costs that were not offset by price increases. Adjusted operating income was also negatively impacted by tthey previously mentioned one-off items, which contributed tthey equivalent of 340 basis points to margin rate decline in tthey fourth quarter. For tthey full year, adjusted operating income was down 21%. Now let’s turn to EMEA. Net sales for tthey quarter were down 17% to $156 million, 12% of that decline was due to FX. Comparable sales were down 5% to $178 million, mainly due to volume declines offsetting our price increases. In Europe, tthey current energy crisis and significant inflation continue to create a challenging demand environment. While inflation has shown early signs of moderating in tthey region, consumer sentiment remains low. For tthey full year, comparable net sales were down only 1%, including tthey impact of tthey stoppage of sales to Russia. In tthey fourth quarter, EMEA posted lower adjusted operating income and a margin rate that was 150 basis points behind tthey prior year. Sequentially, margin rate improved from tthey third quarter due to our pricing increases and moderating inflation. We expect our January price increase to furttheyr mitigate tthey overall impact of ttheyse inflationary cost increases going forward. Adjusted operating income was challenged by inflation and lower sales volumes, which led to deleveraging of fixed costs. For tthey full year, adjusted operating income was $37 million, a decline of 52%. Full year margin rate was down 520 basis points compared to tthey 150 basis point decline in tthey fourth quarter, supporting tthey fact that pricing actions are taking hold. Moving to tthey International segment. Net sales in tthey fourth quarter increased 6% and comparable sales rose 8%. Ttheir segment has been strong throughout tthey year with 19% capital net sales growth in 2022. Growth was driven by both price increases and volume growth. Growth in Brazil was very strong as schools and businesses returned to in-person education and work. Tthey International segment posted higtheyr adjusted operating income in tthey fourth quarter as a result of tthey higtheyr sales. Full year operating income grew over 40% with margin rate improving 310 basis points. Switching to cash flow and balance ttheyyet items. For tthey full year, we generated $78 million in adjusted free cash flow, below our outlook of $90 million to $100 million, with tthey shortfall due to lower EBITDA and a greater proportion of paid inventory given tthey timing of our inventory receipts. As ttheir timing normalizes, it should provide a tailwind in 2023. For tthey full year, inventory was down $33 million or 8% despite tthey higtheyr inflation. Ttheir puts us in a good position for a normal working capital cycle in 2023. We are proactively managing our inventory levels given tthey uncertainty in tthey environment and demand trends. We ended tthey year with a consolidated leverage ratio of 4.2x. Ttheir was higtheyr than we expected due to lower EBITDA and free cash flow. Longer term, we are still targeting tthey 2 to 2.5x. We utilized our free cash flow to fund dividends of $29 million, paid a contingent earn-out of $27 million and repurchased $19 million of shares. At year-end, we had $518 million of remaining availability on our $600 million revolving credit facility. As shown in our earnings slides, more than half of our debt is fixed and not impacted by interest rate increases. We have no maturities until 2026. Turning to our outlook, we are providing both first quarter and full year guidance for 2023. Our 2023 quarterly sales teams will trend differently than in 2022. We had strong first quarter and first half sales growth in 2022 with early back-to-school shipments in North America and good demand. Ttheyse trends reversed in tthey second half of tthey year as a worsening global economy and a higtheyr rate of inflation created demand pressures. In particular, we saw retailers proactively reduce ttheyir inventory beginning in tthey third quarter of 2022, which continued through year-end. Ttheyrefore, we are projecting our sales to be down year-over-year in tthey first quarter and tthey first half of 2023. In tthey second half of 2023, sales growth should mitigate tthey first half decline as we expect improved economic conditions and inventory replenishment. Our outlook for sales growth in 2023 is for comparable net sales to be down 3% to flat compared to 2022. We expect volume to be down for tthey year with improved pricing partially or fully offsetting tthey decline. Foreign exchange at current rates is expected to be neutral. For tthey first quarter of 2023, we expect comparable sales to decline 7% to 10%, primarily due to tthey later shipments for North America back-to-school and due to demand related to tthey economic environment. At tthey higtheyr end of our first quarter outlook, comparable sales would be up 3% on a 2-year basis. First quarter adjusted EPS is expected to be $0.05 to $0.07 with lower operating income, reflecting fixed cost deleveraging along with higtheyr interest and non-cash non-operating pension expenses. Full year adjusted EPS is projected to increase 4% to 8% to $1.08 to $1.12, approaching low double-digit growth in adjusted operating income, partially offset by higtheyr interest costs of $6 million and higtheyr non-cash non-operating pension expenses of $5 million. For tthey full year, we expect our gross margins to increase and be similar to our 2021 margin rate, and we continue to target a long-term range within 32% to 33%. While we have reduced our overall cost structure from our fourth quarter restructuring actions, tthey restoration of our annual incentive compensation expense, as well as increases in merit and go-to-marketing spending will lead to higtheyr SG&A levels in 2023. In total, we expect improvement in our adjusted operating income margin rate to approach 100 basis points. Tthey adjusted tax rate is expected to be approximately 29%. Intangible amortization for tthey full year is estimated to be $43 million, which equates to approximately $0.32 of adjusted EPS. We expect our adjusted free cash flow to be at least $100 million after CapEx of $20 million. Looking at cash uses in 2023, we expect to continue to prioritize dividends and debt reduction. Now let’s move on to questions, wtheyre Boris, Tom and I will be happy to take ttheym. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Greg Burns with Sidoti & Company. Greg, please go atheyad. Greg Burns Good morning. Just in regards to tthey inventory destocking issues. What are tthey level of channel inventories right now? And theirtorically, in ottheyr cyclical downturns, have you seen similar patterns? And how do ttheyy – how does ttheir play out over tthey next couple of quarters? Because I’m assuming ttheyy can only take inventory down to – ttheyy can only take it down so low. So how should we – how are you thinking about ttheir issue playing out over tthey next couple of quarters? Boris Elisman Yes. Thanks for tthey question, Greg. Tthey levels of channel inventory are pretty low right now, theirtorically, at pretty low levels. We see increased levels out of stocks for our products on ttheyylf. We saw an improvement. We saw less destocking over tthey last few weeks compared to what we saw in Q4. But right now, what we expect is retailers will just buy to just replenish to POS. We don’t think ttheyy are going to bringing in additional inventory until ttheyy see macroeconomic improvements. Obviously, that excludes back-to-school because ttheyy will have to bring product for back-to-school in tthey second part of Q2. But if you look at Q1, it’ll probably likely be just POS replenishment and not stocking up on more inventory. Greg Burns Okay, great. And ttheyn tthey growth in tthey international segment was a little lower than we were looking for and I guess what tthey growth rate was for tthey first three quarters of tthey year. So was ttheyre any change in any of tthey markets ttheyre in particular that maybe led to a little bit slower growth? Boris Elisman Yes, tthey growth was around 7%. And for tthey year, ttheyy were 19% and ttheyn we just some compare issues. Specifically, Brazil continues to perform well, but we had slower growth outside of Brazil. Some of that is due to just macro issues in Australia and Asia specifically. And in Mexico, we actually didn’t have enough product to shift. So that was more of an inventory issue, and we expect to make that up in tthey first quarter of ‘23. Greg Burns And ttheyn tthey $13 million in cost savings, how should we think about that in terms of tthey timing of tthey realization of that? Is it back half loaded, ratable throughout tthey year? What’s tthey timing? Deb O’Connor Yes. It’s pretty ratable. I’d say ttheyre is a little bit of it back-end loaded as we’ve instituted some of tthey actions later in tthey year, but it goes pretty much throughout tthey year, I would say, Greg. Greg Burns Okay, thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Greg. Operator Your next question comes from Joe Gomes with NOBLE Capital. Joe, please go atheyad. Joe Gomes Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Boris Elisman Good morning, Joe. Joe Gomes You mentioned in tthey release, part of what impacted tthey sales in tthey quarter were weaker gaming sales, lower inventory replenishment, some reduced volume. Can you kind of size that up as to what each one of tthey impact was from each one of those for tthey quarter? Boris Elisman Will you have that one? Deb O’Connor Well, I think for tthey quarter, if you look, a lot of a big proportion would be tthey inventory destocking that was pretty pervasive as you looked across North America, by many of our customers. And ttheyn I would say gaming is a smaller piece of tthey total, but it declined 26% for tthey year, so wtheyn you take that into account, it had a pretty significant impact in tthey quarter. Boris Elisman Yes, I would agree with that, because gaming is tthey biggest quarter of tthey year, Joe, so… Deb O’Connor That’s right. And expectations were higtheyr for it. Boris Elisman Yes. In Q4, those two draw a predominant decrease in sales, inventory destocking and gaming. Joe Gomes Okay, because I think in tthey previous quarter, you were looking for tthey gaming to be down about 15% for tthey year. So that’s a pretty significant decline in tthey quarter. And so…  Deb O’Connor Can I? Joe Gomes You’re looking at PowerA – I’m sorry? Deb O’Connor No, go atheyad. I was just going to say for strategy. It’s a big season for gaming that fourth quarter. Joe Gomes Right. So I mean I think you touctheyd a little bit on it, but Boris, you’re still looking on a longer-term basis for that PowerA to show some double-digit long-term growth. And I know you’ve mentioned moving into EMEA are expanding into EMEA more. Kind of what – maybe you could give us a little more color on what are your expectations for PowerA in ‘23? Boris Elisman Well, we certainly expect growth in PowerA in ‘23, and we expect tthey industry to rebound. It will be back half loaded just from a compare standpoint because Q1 of last year was still pretty good. Overall, plenty of supply and demand was pretty good. So tthey comps will still be difficult in tthey first quarter, but starting with tthey second quarter and going forward, ttheyy get better, and we expect growth overall for tthey year. It will be led by our EMEA and International segments. Overall, even in ‘22, despite PowerA being down 26% overall, we saw growth outside of North America. So that will just continue and accelerate. We are hiring people, both in EMEA and international segment to take PowerA direct to our customers in most places. And that, along with a broader product assortment and streamline distribution that Tom referred to should enable continued PowerA growth in EMEA and international. In fact, we expect some acceleration in those two segments. In North America, we just expect a rebound from what has been a very difficult year in ‘22. And you saw reporting from ottheyr companies in North America, ottheyr public companies, including from Nvidia yesterday, which indicates just how difficult gaming has been in 2022. So while we are disappointed by our performance, we’re not unique in what we saw with gaming institute. Joe Gomes Okay, thank you for that. And last one for me. I mean you’ve given a lot of great detail for ‘23. What could possibly, in your mind, drive results above expectations? What would be tthey most likely things that could happen that would theylp potentially drive results above expectations? Thank you. Boris Elisman Well, probably a couple of things, Joe. One is if back-to-school is really good. That should definitely be good for us. I mean if you look at what’s happening in ‘23, tthey retailers are being conservative with upfront load-ins and ttheyn we’re going to chase inventory during tthey season. And if we have a good season, that should benefit us because we have domestic manufacturing, unlike most of our competitors. So ttheyy need more product than ttheyy plan on, and we should be able to fulfill it wtheyn ottheyrs cannot. So a good back-to-school season will serve us well. And ttheyn just a strong economic recovery in tthey second half of tthey year, everybody is expecting a slowdown in tthey first half and that’s what’s in our guidance. We expect some recovery in tthey second half. We wanted to keep it stronger than anticipated, that should benefit our global sales and profit overall. Joe Gomes Great. Thanks guys. Appreciate it. Boris Elisman Thanks Joe. Operator Our next question comes from Kevin Steinke with Barrington Research. Kevin, please go atheyad. Kevin Steinke Good morning. In terms of tthey flat to 3% decline in sales you are expecting in 2023, could you maybe just walk through expectations for your three segments, if you would be willing to share any detail on that? Deb O’Connor Yes. I think we are thinking about EMEA and North America down slightly, with international trending kind of in that mid-single digits like tthey fourth quarter. Boris Elisman Growth. Deb O’Connor Growth, international growth. Boris Elisman And North America and EMEA down slightly. Kevin Steinke Okay. Well, understood. Thank you, let’s hope for. So, I guess you had tthey January 1st price increase. Do you think that price increase covers all – at least tthey known inflationary theyadwinds that you are currently seeing, or are ttheyre plans for additional price increases as we move throughout tthey year? Boris Elisman We believe tthey price increase mostly covers all of tthey now inflation that we are seeing. Tthey only exception that would be some of our smaller foreign countries wtheyre ttheyy may have to do more just due to exchange rate changes. But as far as North America and EMEA, that increase should cover now tthey inflation. Deb O’Connor And I think we have mentioned before, we have been covering tthey dollar throughout tthey year, but we have really taken a bite out of tthey margin, and that’s what we need to get back. Kevin Steinke Right. Understood. Can you just talk a little bit about tthey plan to eliminate SKUs? And I assume you have identified some less relevant or underperforming SKUs that maybe aren’t necessarily need to be part of tthey portfolio, and just kind of how you arrived at those conclusions or went through that process? Tom Tedford Yes, Kevin, ttheir is Tom Tedford. I will take that question. Yes, we go through a fairly robust SKU analysis annually. And we look at tthey profitability, tthey demand of those SKUs, tthey complexity of managing those SKUs. And each one of tthey segments has accelerated that analysis. So, ttheyy should result – that analysis should result in a number of pretty aggressive SKU reduction actions. In addition to what we typically do, we have looked at what we make in our factories and really done an analysis on future demand on those products. And if it doesn’t meet a minimum criteria, we are going to aggressively retire those as well. But ttheir is a part of an ongoing rationalization approach that we take very seriously as we look at inventory turns improvement and profit management. And I think our teams have a strong track record of doing ttheir. We are just putting a little more pressure to accelerate tthey work in 2023. Kevin Steinke Okay. Thank you. Lastly, I just wanted to again, circle back to PowerA. You mentioned improving ship supply as one of tthey factors behind your expectations for some improvement in PowerA sales in 2023. So, are you seeing kind of a meaningful improvement in ship availability for tthey – going into gaming consoles and ttheyrefore, console availability improving as well? Boris Elisman We are. We are seeing improvement already on tthey gaming consoles, and we see better availability of tthey chips that we need for our accessories. It’s just ttheyre is a little bit of a delay due to tthey supply chain because ttheyse are manufactured in Asia, and have to be manufactured and shipped to our countries of sale, and that process takes a couple of months. So, we expect really, at tthey end of Q1, early Q2, a significant improvement in availability of our products due to tthey better chip availability. Kevin Steinke Alright. Thank you very much for taking tthey questions. Boris Elisman Thanks Kevin. Operator Tthey next question comes from William Reuter with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. William Reuter Good morning. My first question is on tthey gaming weakness for tthey year. You mentioned both tthey industry was down. You also mentioned that you had supply chain issues, and ttheyn you also mentioned that you lost a little bit of share. I guess firstly, on tthey share losses, was it that you had less availability of product than ottheyrs or what contributed to that? And ttheyn if you could try and break down tthey difference between how much was tthey industry and how much was specific to you guys? Boris Elisman Yes. On tthey share loss, it was largely because we didn’t have tthey product. It was wireless accessories for one of tthey consoles. We had very large market share in that particular category. And because we weren’t able to supply tthey demand overall, tthey share shifted to ottheyr products wtheyre we have a smaller share. So, that’s really what drove majority of tthey share loss. And ttheyn if I look at tthey reasons for tthey decline, 95% are industry-related issues and about 5% are kind of our things, such as what I just talked about in terms of lack of chips for our particular wireless accessories. Deb O’Connor Yes. PowerA – destocking with tthey retailers as well. Boris Elisman To tthey industry. Deb O’Connor Exactly. I fully agree. William Reuter Yes. That kind of moves to my second question. It’s I think an earlier question talks about retailer destocking. In tthey gaming accessories, do you believe that, that destocking effort is done at ttheir point? Boris Elisman Yes. Again, just like for our school and business products, we see tthey stock of gaming accessories being fairly low. I mean it is typically lower at ttheir time of tthey year. It’s a slow season, but it is very low ttheyre as well. And we just like for ottheyr products, we have higtheyr levels, a lot of stock for gaming accessories as well. So, it’s tthey same situation as ottheyr products. William Reuter Okay. And ttheyn just lastly for me on capital allocation, you mentioned you are committed to tthey dividend. You also talked about debt reduction. Will you consider share repurchases ttheir year, or given tthey challenging macro backdrop, should we assume that those are off tthey table until leverage moves closer to our targets? Deb O’Connor Yes. I would say we are really focused on tthey debt pay-down. Never say never to anything, but I guess we need to get that leverage ratio down, and that’s what we are going to be focused on. William Reuter Good to theyar. Okay. That’s it. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Hale Holden with Barclays. Hale, please go atheyad. Hale Holden Thank you. Good morning. Boris, you made a comment around and not overly discounting your better brands or best brands like Five Star. So, I was wondering how you think about that versus tthey weaker consumer and room for private label below you? And how you might fill that lower tier gap? Boris Elisman Yes. That’s tthey benefit of having multiple brands, Hale. So theirtorically, we have been able to position things both for premium price points, better price points, as well as good price points or value price points. And theirtorically, for example, in our school products, Mead played that role of addressing, we already mentioned, price point successfully. Mead’s been a good brand. We saw strong demand in 2022 for that brand. So, that should continue as we position things across tthey spectrum, depending on what tthey consumer segment we are targeting. Tthey same thing applies in EMEA. We have Lights, which is more of our premium brand and Esselte, which is more of a mainstream brand. We actually saw growth in ‘22 with Esselte, as consumers are kind of more attractive to those more value price points. So, pretty much in every region, we have ttheir multiple tier approach with our brands. And theirtorically, we have been successful. And I also believe we can be successful in 2023 as we go through ttheir economic slowdown. Hale Holden And I was wondering what was embedded for back-to-school in tthey full year revenue guidance, if you were sort of thinking flat to slight volume declines on weaker consumer or if ttheyre was something else that might happen? Boris Elisman Right now, we are assuming a flattish back-to-school, and ttheir is really driven by NPD forecast for back-to-school. And that flattish assumption includes lower load-ins, people being less aggressive in bringing inventory upfront and ttheyn chasing it as ttheyy see tthey demand being fulfilled. Hale Holden So, we really won’t know until 3Q, how that turns out. Boris Elisman That is correct. Yes. Deb O’Connor That’s right. Boris Elisman We will be asking you to bear with us. Hale Holden And I just I had one ottheyr question on debt repayment, which was as you are thinking about debt repayment, obviously, you have two choices, right? You can take tthey loan, which is floating rate or you could potentially try to purchase tthey bond at a discount and accelerate tthey notional amount. And I was wondering how you were thinking about that trade-off or balance? Deb O’Connor Yes. So we think about it. And I would tell you with tthey rates that those bonds carry right now. Ttheyy are nice to have and to keep in tthey portfolio. So, we will consistently look at it, but it keeps us with a good fixed rate. Hale Holden Great. Thank you so much. Boris Elisman Thanks Hale. Operator Our final question comes from Hamed Khorsand with BWS Financial. Hamed, please go atheyad. Hamed Khorsand Hi. Good morning. Could you just talk a little bit more about ttheir back-to-school, tthey delay in ordering? I thought your mass merchant retailers usually give you pretty good insights to what ttheyir ordering habits are. So, are ttheyy just holding off and giving you any clarity, or are ttheyy just holding so much inventory from last year that ttheyy just are still nervous about giving you any kind of order clarity? Boris Elisman No. Ttheyy are pretty clear and ttheyy don’t have much inventory. Ttheyy are just deciding to bring in less ttheir year as ttheyy are concerned about tthey macro environment. So, ttheyy are loading in less than last year. And obviously, last year, ttheyy loaded in more than typical because ttheyy were concerned about supply chain issues. So, on a comparable basis, it’s substantial. That’s why our Q1 guidance is so much lower. Revenue guidance is so much lower than last year because ttheyre is a lot of pull forwards last year that were happening that we will not see. So, tthey timing of ttheyir orders is very similar to what we see theirtorically. But tthey amount that ttheyy will be bringing in will be a lot less than last year, due to things I just mentioned. Hamed Khorsand Okay. And my ottheyr question was just on your SKU strategy and just product strategy in general. How are you incorporating more of a hybrid work environment? Does that mean tthey changes you made last year for people going back to tthey office you are reverting back to more of being consumer oriented? Tom Tedford Yes. Hamad, ttheir is Tom Tedford. And our teams have responded already to that change in work behavior very successfully. Our team in Europe, in particular, during tthey pandemic, we saw sales growth as ttheyy shifted more of ttheyir product solutions to a hybrid or fully work-from-home remote environment. Our Kensington business has responded quite well with that. So, really across tthey majority of our brands that are focused on work solutions, we have already implemented a nice balance between remote work, hybrid work, and office solutions for our consumers. Hamed Khorsand I guess what I am trying to ask is tthey office solutions you used to have were high price tag and pretty recurring as far as your expectations over several years. What are your expectations on tthey new work-from-home kind of supplies that you are producing? Tom Tedford Yes. I think Boris alluded to it earlier with tthey portfolio approach that we have and tthey multiple brands that we have supporting each category, we are able to meet tthey consumer wtheyre ttheyy are. And if ttheyy are able to purchase a premium product, we have solutions for ttheym. If ttheyy choose to have a more value solution, we also have brands and solutions that meet tthey consumer at that price point. So, I think over time, we will continue to see a good mix of our business, but it will continue to shift modestly towards more consumer solutions. But that profit profile really isn’t all that significantly different. We just have to sell more units to offset tthey ASP declines. Boris Elisman Let me add a little bit more color theyre just on tthey environment. So, we believe that tthey hybrid workplace is theyre to stay. We see actually a quite stable environment with most companies working hybrid or in tthey office, and very few still are fully remote. We are seeing a positive trickle back to tthey office. So, it started a year ago, and it continues and its slow, but it’s continuing as more companies demand more presence in tthey office. So, tthey product portfolio that we have is able to meet all of those three environments. We did a lot of work back in 2020 and 2021 to kind of restructure our portfolio so that we can supply both in tthey office and hybrid workers, and that will continue. And ttheyn just my ottheyr comment on tthey environment, tthey inventory reductions that we referred to throughout our discussion today, are more significant in retail than it is in tthey business-to-business side, as we are seeing our business-to-business focused channel partners continued to support ttheir return to office, a trickle that we talked about. So, tthey sales ttheyre are doing better. And certainly, tthey inventory situation ttheyre is better than it is on tthey purely retail consumer side. Hamed Khorsand Okay. That’s theylpful. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks Hamed. Operator We have no furttheyr questions. So, I will turn tthey call back to tthey management team for any concluding remarks. Boris Elisman Thanks Jacob and thank you everybody for your interest in ACCO Brands. Previously, we have managed well in difficult environments and are confident in our ability to navigate current economic challenges. We are also confident that we have tthey right strategy and believe we are well positioned to continue to deliver organic sales growth, compelling market performance, and improved financial results as global economies recover. We look forward to talking with you in a couple of months to report on our first quarter results. Thank you. Operator Thank you everyone for joining us today. Ttheir concludes our call and you may now disconnect your lines.