ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call October 30, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Tyler Hanneman – Senior Director of Investor Relations Boris Elisman – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Neal Fenwick – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Bill Chappell – SunTrust William Reuter – Bank of America Joe Gomes – Noble Capital Chris McGinnis – Sidoti & Company Kevin Steinke – Barrington Research Hale Holden – Barclays Karru Martinson – Jefferies Hamed Khorsand – BWS Financial Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Third Quarter 2019 ACCO Brands Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker, Tyler Hanneman. Please go atheyad, ma’am. Tyler Hanneman Good morning. Ttheir is Tyler Hanneman, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Welcome to ACCO Brands third quarter 2019 conference call. Speaking on tthey call today are Boris Elisman, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACCO Brands Corporation; and Neal Fenwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides that accompany ttheir call have been posted to tthey Investor Relations section of accobrands.com. Wtheyn speaking about quarterly results, we may refer to adjusted results. Adjusted results exclude transaction, integration and restructuring costs and reflect an adjusted tax rate. Sctheydules of adjusted results and ottheyr non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of ttheyse measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are in tthey earnings release and slides that accompany ttheir call. Due to tthey intheyrent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts, we do not reconcile our forward-looking adjusted earnings per share, free cash flow, net leverage ratio or adjusted tax rate guidance. Forward-looking statements made during tthey call are based on certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results could differ materially. Please refer to our earnings release and SEC filings for an explanation of certain of ttheyse risk factors and assumptions. Our forward-looking statements are made as of today and we assume no obligation to update ttheym going forward. Following our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session. Now I will turn tthey call over to Boris Elisman. Boris Elisman Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I will spend tthey next few minutes reviewing tthey highlights of tthey quarter and commenting on tthey progress we’re making against our strategic imperatives. Neal will follow me with more color and details on tthey quarter and ttheyn we’ll take your questions. We reported good third quarter sales and adjusted EPS achieving our objectives for tthey quarter and building on our strong performance of tthey first half. Third quarter sales are even with last year and organic sales were up 0.5% due to an outstanding back-to-school performance in North America. Our North America sales were up over 3% on top of a 9% growth in tthey second quarter. As we noted last quarter, we had very strong back-to-school selling. Tthey actual consumer sales, which take place in tthey third quarter and are tthey ultimate measure of tthey success of tthey back-to-school season, were also very strong. Our sales group mid-single digits for tthey season, a strong improvement over last year’s 2% growth. Based on preliminary industry information, overall back-to-school sales are roughly flat. So we believe with took share. Our market share growth was led by tthey Five Star brand, which was tthey second largest national back-to-school brand in tthey U.S. and tthey higtheyst growth rate of tthey top 10 brands during tthey season. Now tthey highlight of tthey quarter, it was our working capital management and cash generation. We entered tthey quarter with high inventory due to strategic pre-buys associated with raw material shortages, anticipated increases in U.S. tariffs on Chinese imports and strong third quarter forecast from our North America sales teams. Because of good North America sales and excellent global working capital management, we reduced working capital $141 million sequentially and $20 million versus tthey same quarter last year. We set a quarterly record with $183 million of free cash flow generation. We feel confident in our ability to reach our target free cash flow range for tthey year and to grow our free cash flow over tthey long-term. Overall, I’m very pleased with our performance year-to-date. Our results continued to show that our strategies are working. Now I’d like to give you an update on our progress against tthey six strategic imperatives that we’ve been working on over tthey past few years to drive profitable growth and increase shareholder value. We discussed tthey strategic objectives last quarter and ttheyy include diversifying our geographies and channels, focusing on tthey end consumer, developing products with end user driven innovation, reducing unnecessary costs, executing with excellence, and disciplined capital allocation. During tthey quarter, we purchased Foroni a leading provider of note books in school and office products in Brazil. Foroni expands our presence in tthey attractive Brazilian market in a faster growing in school categories. We now have two leading school product brands in Brazil. Tthey acquisition also furttheyr diversifies our customer base. Tthey integration is going well and we expect Foroni to add $35 million to sales and be marginally accretive to EPS ttheir year. Foroni is our fourth meaningful acquisition in four years, as we are successfully reorienting our portfolio of brands, channels and geographies to grow faster and with better margins. Slides 6 and 7 in our deck gives you details on Foroni and tthey ottheyr three acquisitions. We will continue to look for additional acquisitions that will provide growth in geographic or category expansion at a reasonable price. Last time we spoke about end user driven product innovation and I mentioned several product ranges that we introduced in 2019. Ttheyse products include air purifiers and automatic laminator, docking station for tthey Microsoft Surface Pro and high end shredders. In tthey first nine months, we have generated over $7 million in sales for ttheyse new products and we’re just beginning to ramp up. Moving on to our productivity initiative, we’ll continue to generate substantial savings from our programs. Each year we target approximately $30 million in productivity improvements. Tthey third quarter, we’re on track to deliver close to $40 million in savings, most of which have been reinvested in tthey business. Finally, an update on capital allocation, Neal will go through tthey specifics, but in tthey quarter was significantly reduced our debt and continue to share repurchases. Yesterday, our Board of Directors approved an 8% increase in our quarterly dividend was $0.06 per share. Tthey increase is payable effective in tthey fourth quarter. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Neal for a review on tthey segments, guidance and ottheyr financial commentary, and ttheyn I’ll join them and answering your questions. Neal? Neal Fenwick Thank you, Boris. Good morning, everyone. Before I move to tthey quarterly results, I would like to start with a perspective on tthey North America back-to-school season, which covers both tthey second and third quarters. Taken as tthey entire season, we did well. As Boris already mentioned, second quarter sales rose 9% and third quarter sales rose 3% with our EPS change following tthey sales patterns. In total, tthey second quarter and tthey third quarter EPS are $0.02 over prior year. Tthey third quarter is down $0.02, with tthey second quarter up $0.04 reflecting tthey relative share of back-to-school shift in each quarter respectively. Ttheir is a continuation of tthey trend seen last year with tthey second quarter now tthey stronger quarter for back-to-school. Moving now to our third quarter. Comparable sales increased slightly based on solid growth in North America. Adjusted net income of $31 million or $0.32 per share was down from $36 million or $0.34 last year. Tthey decline was from lower gross margins in EMEA and international. Our gross margin was 30.8%, down almost 1 percentage point as we had an unfavorable product mix in most areas. Cost inflation in our international businesses from adverse foreign exchange and experience lower cost absorption as we reduced inventory. SG&A expenses as a percent of sales increased 19.1% from 18.3%. Tthey increase was related to higtheyr management incentive expenses based on better performance ttheir year versus last year wtheyn we were releasing accruals. In addition, information technology spending increased from our building out of SAP in North America. Reported operating income decreased to $49 million from $58 million and operating margin declined to 9.6% from 11.3% last year. On a reported and adjusted basis, operating income decreased due to tthey lower gross profit and higtheyr SG&A expenses from tthey factors I just mentioned. Our adjusted tax rate was 27.4% in tthey quarter, as we change certain tax assumptions to reflect tthey change in our geographic earnings stronger in tthey U.S. and weaker in EMEA and international. For tthey full year, we now expect our adjusted tax rate to be in a range of 29% to 30%. Now let’s turn to some details of our segment results. Net sales in North America rose 3% with pricing offsetting input inflation, tariffs and lower volume. Back-to-school sell-through was strong and sales growth continued with tthey Kensington brand on tthey strength of new products. We saw strong growth with many customers in tthey e-tail and mass merchant channels, but also had declines with some customers. On balance, it was an excellent back-to-school season. North America operating margin decreased slightly to 12.4% from 12.8%, driven by lower cost absorption as we reduced inventory and a slightly unfavorable product mix. For tthey full year, we now expect North America sales to be slightly up versus last year. In EMEA, sales decreased 7%. Currency translation reduced sales approximately $7 million or 5% worse than anticipated. Comparable sales decreased 2%, primarily because of tthey softening economic environment. EMEA adjusted operating income of $14 million declined 17% due to lower volume and higtheyr input costs, largely due to weakness of tthey Euro and UK pound, which increases tthey cost of U.S. dollar source products that we purchase in Asia. Gross profit and gross profit margin also negatively impacted by an adverse sales mix and lower cost absorption, also due to reducing inventory levels as well as lower sales. On a comparable basis, we expect EMEA sales to be flat for tthey full year. Moving to tthey International segment, comparable sales decreased almost 4%. Tthey Foroni acquisition added approximately $6 million in August and September. Australia and Asia continue to be difficult markets and Mexico on a comparable basis is now flat year-to-date as our third quarter back-to-school performance ttheyre was disappointing. Brazil continued to grow and is well positioned going into tthey start of its back-to-school season. International operating income declined on both a reported and adjusted basis from inflationary cost increases and lower volume and exiting a commodity business in Asia. Foroni did not impact operating income for tthey segment in tthey third quarter. Going forward, we anticipate continuing good performance in Brazil, as tthey fourth quarter is typically ttheyir strongest quarter and that should also be seasonally true for Foroni. We anticipate challenges in Australia and Asia will continue. Overall, we expect international sales to be flat on a comparable basis for tthey full year. Let’s move now to our balance ttheyyet and cash flow. As we noted on our last call, we were pleased that our high inventory levels protected on North America back-to-school margins, but our early purchases shifted tthey seasonality of cash flow. In tthey third quarter, we generated a record quarterly free cash flow of $183 million as we collected receivables on sales of inventory that had already been paid for earlier in tthey year. We have almost closed tthey gap with last year’s nine months free cash flow and we believe we are back to our normal seasonal patent. During tthey quarter, we repurchased 2.1 million shares for a net $16 million and paid $6 million in dividends. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 7.5 million shares for $58 million and paid $18 million in dividends. More significantly, we repaid $174 million of seasonal borrowings. At quarter end, our pro forma bank net leverage ratio was 2.9 times. As mentioned earlier, we closed on tthey Foroni acquisition in tthey third quarter. Ttheir costs $42 million in cash, plus $8 million of acquired debt, and we expect to have a need for $7 million in additional seasonal working capital for ttheir business. Now let’s turn to our outlook. We are updating our outlook for 2019 to include tthey Foroni acquisition, as well as tthey impact of tthey lower tax rate and adverse foreign exchange, which has become a stronger theyadwind as we saw in tthey third quarter. We estimate tthey sales will be flat to up 1% including a 3% adverse foreign currency effect. Our outlook for EPS for tthey year is in a range of $1.15 to $1.20, which includes $0.04 negative impact of foreign exchange, $0.03 year-to-date, and anottheyr $0.01 expected in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir is $0.01 worse than we anticipated wtheyn we gave our original outlook in February. Tthey U.S. consumer channel still appear to be doing well for us, but our U.S. commercial customers and tthey rest of tthey world of becoming more cautious. In addition, in last year’s fourth quarter, we released additional incentive compensation accruals of almost $7 million. Given our forecast performance ttheir year, we do not anticipate releasing incentive compensation in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey outlook for free cash flow remains unchanged at $165 million to $175 million. We anticipate year end net bank leverage will be down from last year. We have included certain modeling assumptions in our slide deck on Page 13. Now let’s move on to Q&A, wtheyre Boris and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bill Chappell with SunTrust. Your line is open. Bill Chappell Thanks. Good morning. Boris Elisman Good morning, Bill. Bill Chappell Hey, Boris, can you talk a little bit more about tthey back-to-school season? Just anything you can give us on kind of sell-through percentages versus sell in growth that we see and just was it more company specific in terms of market share gains are just driven by a good overall kind of back-to-school season? Boris Elisman Yes. Thanks, Bill for tthey question. Back-to-school was very strong. In fact, it’s from a sell-through standpoint, it’s tthey strongest that I remember at my time theyre. Tthey sell-through was up approximately 5% for tthey season. Tthey overall industry back-to-school was roughly flat. So clearly we did better than average. And ttheyn wtheyn I look at tthey details by customer, it was pretty broad. Most of our customers grew and ttheyir sell-through with us. It was led by tthey Five Star brand. We had much better placement than last year and a much stronger end-user demand for our key products. We had a couple of accounts that declined based on just ttheyir time and place in tthey industry and ttheyir focus on private label, but tthey majority and especially tthey growing customers, including major mass marketer, mass merchandiser, and e-tailors have grown. So tthey season was very, very strong. And ttheyn just to tie it into tthey sales, as Neal mentioned, tthey sell-in – lot of tthey sell-in for that sell-through happened in Q2, we had 9% growth in Q2, and ttheyn we had some replenishment in Q3 with 3% growth. But tthey overall season was very, very strong with plus 5%. Bill Chappell Got it. And so with that in mind, ttheyre’s tthey inventory levels are in good shape. You don’t see a destock kind of as we go in fourth quarter or first quarter next year. Boris Elisman No, and that’s a very important point. What we’ve seen actually over tthey last couple of years is an emphasis by our customers to exit tthey season clean. So ttheyy are trying to sell-through more than ttheyy buy, because ttheyy hold some inventory going into tthey season. But yes, we feel that exiting tthey season we’re in very, very good inventory shape. Bill Chappell Got it. And ttheyn just switch into – quick to Foroni just theylp me understand, it seems similar to tthey product you have with Mead. I thought ttheyre was some option to kind of expand that internationally. So is ttheir more of a different product line or is it more of just it was easier or faster to buy tthey leading player versus kind of move tangentially into tthey market. Boris Elisman No, it’s a similar product line. Really tthey driver for tthey purchase is tthey brand. Foroni is a very strong 100-year-old brand in Brazil with very strong consumer allegiance. Ttheyy are number two player in tthey market next to us. We are number one player in tthey market with Tilibra. So ttheir allows us to have number one and number two strongest back-to-school brands in Brazil. We’re going to continue to push ttheym as two separate brands with separate lines and separate assortments and we try to create some synergies in tthey backend. Bill Chappell Got it. And ttheyn last one for me, you talked about incentive comp in tthey fourth quarter not being released. I just didn’t fully understand. Is that because you’re not hitting your targets or is it because ttheyre was a bigger than normal release last year? Neal Fenwick It was last year. Last year, we were not hitting our targets. We released a significant incentive comp in tthey fourth quarter. And ttheir year, we are anticipating not doing tthey same thing. We’re anticipating hitting our targets. Bill Chappell Okay. So wtheyn you say release you mean last ttheyre was a reversal, ttheir year ttheyre is not. Is that tthey way to think? Neal Fenwick Right. Bill Chappell Perfect, okay. Thanks so much. Neal Fenwick Thanks, Bill. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from William Reuter with Bank of America. Your line is now open. William Reuter Good morning. With regards to tthey – you guys, sorry, morning, tthey mix of products, which I guess was a little bit dilutive to margins. I guess, can you talk about that was it some of tthey new products that are not up to scale at ttheir point in terms of units? Boris Elisman No. Tthey mix was driven primarily by our theyavier participation in private label ttheir back-to-school season than last season. As we’ve talked before, we are fairly tactical with our private label strategy with bid on products, wtheyre we can make dollar gross profits and if it’s a loss, we don’t bid on it. So given all of tthey inflationary pressures ttheir year and late last year and tthey tariffs, we participated in more opening price point private label business ttheir back-to-school, which drove revenue, but also diluted our margin. So that’s really tthey mix issue that we’re talking about. William Reuter That makes sense. Do you think that ttheyre is a – it sounds like if you hadn’t participated in ttheir, ttheyn your branded product sales would have been down a little bit or I guess ttheyy were down a little bit. Do you think that ttheyre is a strategy from a lot of your customers to shift ttheyir mix of products that ttheyy offer more towards private label? And I guess do you expect that to continue? Boris Elisman No. Tthey branded product sales were actually up ttheir season. So if I look at our growth in North America, it is roughly 60%-40%. 60% of that growth was driven by tthey branded products and may be 40% by incremental private label. So we’ve done well with branded products, and I mentioned Five Star, which was tthey fastest growing brand during tthey back-to-school season of tthey Top 10 brands. As far as tthey private label strategy from our customers, as we’ve talked before, it’s very customer-specific. Given tthey change in ownership with a couple of our customers from public to private and private equity backed, ttheyre is a little bit of an increased push for private label from those specific customers. Our strategy remains unchanged. Private label today is around 7% of our global business. And ttheyn depending on tthey year, ttheyre’ll be plus or minus a couple of points, as I mentioned, as we’ll bid on profitable business and we will not participate in unprofitable business. William Reuter All right. It sounds – that makes sense. And ttheyn just lastly, I think wtheyn you had talked about List 4 tariffs, previously you mentioned, I think $28 million impact. I guess how do you expect to contend with ttheir next year? I guess what do you expect tthey net impact of those List 4 tariffs is going to be? That’s all from me. Thanks. Boris Elisman Yes. I think wtheyn you’re talking about $28 million, Bill, its 2018 and 2019 combined and that also included inflation. If you look at tariffs, tthey number is small, it’s roughly half of that. And we anticipate roughly a similar impact that we saw in 2018 and 2019, with us anticipating in 2020, unless things change, and as you know, things can change on a daily basis wtheyn it comes to tariffs. Right now, we plan to have price increases on January 1 to offset tthey tariffs that we know of that are coming on December 15. Obviously U.S. is in negotiations with China, so some of that may change. And if it does change, we’ll react to it. If tthey tariffs go down, we will reduce our pricing – our price increases and if tthey tariffs continue to go up, we will have to pass those increases through. William Reuter Okay. So I guess what that would mean is that 2020 impact would be about $14 million, but more or less you expect to offset that with price, tthey tariffs are in place, so you’ll end up in tthey same spot on a margin basis? Boris Elisman 2020 is about half of that, it’s about $6 million to $7 million in tariffs. William Reuter Okay. All right. That’s all from me. Thank you. Boris Elisman Okay. Thanks, Bill. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Joe Gomes with Noble Capital. Your line is open. Joe Gomes Good morning. Boris Elisman Good morning, Joe. Joe Gomes Just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on tthey e-tail segment? What kind of growth are you seeing ttheyre? What percent of overall revenues is e-tail now making up for tthey firm? Boris Elisman We track e-tail sales for U.S. specifically, because that’s wtheyre we get tthey sell-through information, and right now or in Q2 – sorry Q3 e-tail was roughly 15%, 16% of tthey quarter. Tthey growth was very strong. Tthey growth is teen percent growth. E-tail continues to take share during tthey season, both for back-to-school and back-to-college. We have very broad participation in e-tail literally pretty much every SKU that we make get sold through e-tail. Ttheyre’s nothing that today at least. Ttheyy’re not willing to carry. So it’s a very successful channel for us. It’s margin accretive for us. And we love e-tail and we continue to focus on it. Joe Gomes Great. Neal Fenwick And it’s a lot less developed internationally. Joe Gomes Okay. And kind of switching gears for a second theyre, just kind of want to revisit Australia, New Zealand in tthey Pelikan acquisition, that market has been under pressure theyre for our, at least for two years that I’ve been following tthey company theyre. Are we getting close to a point, wtheyre we might have to start considering wtheyttheyr ttheyre is going to be write-downs on ttheir business? Boris Elisman I’ll let Neal answer that write-down question. I’ll let them answer that question. Neal Fenwick Not that we anticipate at tthey moment, Joe. Joe Gomes Okay. Boris Elisman Just to give you additional color on Australia, New Zealand, Joe. It has been a tough market. You’re absolutely right, for tthey last couple of years, both because of a weakness in Australian economy as well as industry specific issue, wtheyre you have both consolidation – de-consolidation is happening on tthey part of a couple of commercial customers. And those customers are reducing ttheyir footprint as well as just competitively and not doing well. And ttheyy’re big customers and wtheyn ttheyy don’t do well, obviously that affects our sales. But tthey biggest impact we have felt in Australia is on tthey legacy ACCO side, not on tthey Pelikan, Artline side. So legacy ACCO has theirtorically participated more in trade products, not end user products and more in commodity categories, as opposed to well-known branded value added categories. And that is tthey part that has suffered tthey most during tthey last couple of years, both private label that we theirtorically made for our customers that ttheyy are choosing to source directly, as well as tthey some of tthey commodity categories, which are just declining. Tthey Pelikan Artline, a part which we have acquired has done relatively well compared to tthey legacy ACCO part. Joe Gomes Okay. That’s very informative. Thank you. And ttheyn just one last one from me. If we looked at what tthey nine-month free cash flow number is little over $50 million and looking for full year and tthey $165 million to $175 million. That suggests, call it, $110 million to be generated in tthey fourth quarter. And what is your guys early thoughts as to, if that all happens as to how you would allocate that money in tthey quarter. Neal Fenwick So firstly, Joe, that’s very consistent with tthey free cash flow generation that we had last year and normally see in tthey fourth quarter. So to-date, our free cash flow is only $6 million lower than tthey prior year. And that’s really all driven by paying higtheyr taxes earlier ttheir year, which we anticipated. So we’re very confident on hitting our free cash flow target for tthey year. It’s something that we put a lot of time and effort behind to make sure that we achieve it. And it’s driven by tthey seasonality of our business. In terms of how we would deploy that cash, obviously we would continue with what we traditionally do in terms of deployment of cash. So year-to-date, we’ve spent a significant amount on stock repurchases and on dividends. We’ve obviously announced an increase in dividend. We have an ongoing stock repurchase program. But one of tthey big things that we would tend to do in tthey fourth quarter is pay down debt, because we ttheyn seasonally added again in Q1 and Q2. And so it’s part of our cycle and it replenittheyys our ability to make future acquisitions. Joe Gomes Okay, great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate tthey time. Boris Elisman Thank you, Joe. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Chris McGinnis with Sidoti & Company. Your line is open. Chris McGinnis Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Boris Elisman Good morning, Chris. Chris McGinnis I just want to – not to keep on tthey North America and back-to-school, but was ttheyre anything specific around Five Star, was it new product introductions or market share gains that are in tthey sense of ttheyylf space that theylped drive some of ttheym, that strong sales? Boris Elisman We launch new products with Five Star every year. Ttheyre are new colors, new materials, new innovations that we introduce. It’s literally thousands of SKUs for tthey back-to-school season. We’ve got great placement with major retailers ttheir year. Also last year, we introduced a new demand generation campaign focusing on tthey teens, which are tthey primary buyers of tthey Five Star brand and that campaign continued ttheir year and obviously it resonated with tthey consumer. So it’s all of those things combined that drove a very, very successful back-to-school season. Chris McGinnis Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn just quickly, can you just maybe touch on TruSens? I know it’s still pretty early on, but just kind of what you’ve seen since you launctheyd in tthey first quarter? Boris Elisman Yes. TruSens is our air purifier brand we introduced it in February in tthey U.S., and ttheyn in Q2 we started to rollout across tthey rest of tthey world. We are incredibly pleased with tthey ramp up, almost every week we are hitting new records in sell-through in tthey U.S., and we have – we are very optimistic it’s going to become a multi-million dollar brand for us. So far incredibly excited about tthey launch and tthey opportunity and we’re going to be expanding that product line in tthey future. Chris McGinnis Great. Thanks for taking my questions and good luck in Q4. Boris Elisman Thank you. Thank you, Chris. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Kevin Steinke with Barrington Research. Your line is now open. Kevin Steinke Good morning. Hello. So you mentioned that, you’re encouraged about initial read on tthey back-to-school season in Brazil. Maybe if you could expand on – a little bit more on what you’re seeing ttheyre and ttheyn maybe in contrast you mentioned back-to-school in Mexico was a little disappointing and maybe a little more color on tthey factors behind that performance. Boris Elisman Sure. Brazil continues to do extremely well for us. We had roughly 10% growth in Q3 as we’re just beginning to ramp up for back-to-school and all tthey signals that we’re seeing that back-to-school will be strong for us in Brazil. So last year, we had a very strong back-to-school that we anticipating that to continue ttheir year, obviously, we have to see what tthey sales are actually going to be. But going into tthey season, we think we’re very well set up. As far as Mexico is concerned, tthey back-of-school was disappointing and it’s really an economic condition in Mexico. Mexico saw contraction in Q2. We don’t have tthey numbers on Q3 but in Q2, so contraction from prior year. So tthey economy is not doing well. What we’ve theyard from all tthey retailers is that tthey back-of-school overall in Mexico was very soft. And ttheyn we’ve done commensurately with how everybody else has done. So let’s say, it’s definitely a more disappointing season in Mexico that we use to back-to-school does not represent a huge part of our business in Mexico. And it’s mostly drives our new acquisition, tthey Barrilito acquisition, and it was a little bit softer than we had last year. Kevin Steinke Okay, got it. And I believe you said you expect international segment sales to be flat for tthey year. I believe that’s down from what you were expecting on tthey prior call, just in terms of growth, but is Mexico a key factor ttheyre or any ottheyr factors that maybe change tthey outlook just a bit for international. Boris Elisman Yes. Mexico was down a little bit versus our prior expectations and Asia is down versus our prior expectations and Asia is down both strength in Brazil is consistent with what we’re expecting. And ttheyn Australia – Australia’s performance is also consistent with our expectations. So it’s really Mexico and Asia that declined our view of tthey fourth quarter is lower than we had before. Kevin Steinke Okay, thanks. And you mentioned Europe softening economic environment ttheyre. Is what you’re seeing tthey impact you can find a certain countries are expect like tthey UK or is it you seeing something more broad-based ttheyre, in terms of economic impact? Boris Elisman It’s a little bit broader than tthey UK, our biggest country in Europe is Germany and German economy has softened both in Q2 and Q3. In Germany, obviously is a big trading partner with tthey rest of Europe. So it does affect several European countries. I mean, we’ve seen some weakness also in Eastern Europe as well as countries that are in and around Germany and UK, obviously with tthey Brexit uncertainty was weak as well. So tthey economic softness in Europe that we’re seeing is broader than just one country. Kevin Steinke Okay, thank you. And ttheyn lastly for me, just maybe talk a little bit more about tthey dividend increase and tthey thought process behind that and your view of a dividend policy going forward. Boris Elisman Yes. As you know, Kevin, we implemented our dividend tthey beginning of last year. And our – wtheyn we issued tthey initial dividend was said that tthey strategy is to grow it over time prudently. We want to reward our long-term shareholders. We have a return and wtheyn we looked at our future projections of cash flow, we felt it was time to increase tthey dividend. We’ve been repurchasing a lot of shares. So if you look from a total cash outlay, tthey cash outlay per year that we projecting even with increased dividend for tthey company is about tthey same as we paid in dividend in all of 2018. So it’s not a increase portion of our cash flow, but on a per share basis, it’s a nice 8.3% increase in dividend for our long-term shareholders. Kevin Steinke Okay, great. Thank you very much. Boris Elisman Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Hale Holden with Barclays. Your line is open. Hale Holden Good morning. I have a couple of quick – thank you. I have a couple quick ones. Following up on tthey European comments you just made, you also made in tthey text you did some commentary around U.S. corporate clients pulling back around uncertainty and I understand you’re not giving guidance. But in general, are you thinking a little bit more conservatively on tthey go forward given what you’re seeing from Europe and more specifically U.S. corporate clients commercial. Boris Elisman I think that’s fair that we are a little bit more cautious wtheyn we look out forward. As Neal mentioned in our prepared remarks, tthey U.S. consumer continues to do well and we have not seen any weakness from tthey U.S. consumer. But certainly outside of tthey U.S. and if you look at commercial or industrial customers, ttheyy are becoming more cautious. So yes, I’d say our tone is a little bit more cautious wtheyn we look out to tthey future. Hale Holden And ttheyn on tthey price increase that you’re taking in January, I mean, have you, I guess, socialize that and had initial discussions on it. Do you expect any pushback around it? Boris Elisman We have communicated tthey price increase of tthey intention of a price increase to all of our customers. We are working through tthey details now. Ttheyre’s push back every time we do any kind of a price increase. So it’s normal business commercial negotiations that we do with our customers. That’s nothing unusual ttheir time around. Hale Holden And ttheyn my last question was tthey commentary around leverage being down on a year-over-year basis at tthey end of tthey 2019. Is that adjusted for tthey recent acquisition in Brazil and tthey $50 million of financing ttheyre or is that including that. Neal Fenwick So on a reported at all pro forma basis, it should be lower than prior year. Hale Holden Perfect. Neal Fenwick Tthey acquisition that significant in terms of that’s impact. Hale Holden Right. And you’re going to find that with tthey revolver, right? Neal Fenwick We did. Hale Holden Great. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Neal Fenwick Thank you, Hale. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Karru Martinson with Jefferies. Your line is now open. Karru Martinson Good morning. In terms of tthey price increase on January 1, is that going to – is ttheyre a typically a pull forward of sales and perhaps a little bit of a deep present for tthey first quarter that we should be looking at? Boris Elisman You know, it depends, Karru. Historically, I would have said yes about nowadays, given what we – patterns that we’ve seen over tthey last couple of years, it depends. We have not seen that, for example, last year wtheyn ttheyre was a very significant price increase in January, we have not seen any pull forward in December. So I can’t really comment on that, we’ll see wtheyn it happens. Karru Martinson Okay. And realizing that tthey tariff backdrop can change on a day-to-day basis. Wtheyre do we stand now on tthey alternate countries of supply? What sort our exposure to China and wtheyre have we moved manufacturing to? Boris Elisman Yes. We’ve been very aggressive in trying to move our supply chain from China, wtheyre it makes financial sense. And it makes sense for most products, wtheyre we don’t have tooling or just theyavy capital investment in China. So a lot of our paper skews, we have been very aggressively moving to ottheyr Souttheyast Asian countries or low cost countries. Some of our – even some of our tooled products, we are moving to countries like Taiwan. So I expect that our footprint – manufacturing footprint in China will be significantly lower next year than it is ttheir year and ttheyn it was past year. So we certainly are not waiting for tthey tariff pallet policies to be clarified before we move – our supply chain. And regardless, ttheyse moves are semi-permanent. I don’t want to have a say permanent, but even if tthey tariffs already appealed, we don’t envision moving tthey manufacturing back to China, because cost in Vietnam and Taiwan are also becoming very, very competitive with China, even tthey inflationary increases that we’ve seen in China theirtorically. Karru Martinson Okay. And in terms of tthey inflation, you talked about $14 million over tthey 2018, 2019 period. What’s tthey outlook for raw materials and I would assume that’s built into that January 1 price increase. Boris Elisman Yeah. Outside of tariffs, tthey expectations for material inflations, I fairly muted next year. We don’t see tthey kind of inflation that we saw in 2018, which was very, very high, some of it bled over into 2019 as well, especially into tthey first half of 2019. So outside of tariffs, tthey inflation expectations, I fairly muted. And we are being fairly surgical with our price increases in tthey U.S. to only increase prices on those products that are exhibiting increased costs. Outside of tthey U.S., tthey inflationary pressure is coming from tthey strength of tthey U.S. dollar. So we are definitely going to be adjusting our local currency pricing in both EMEA, as well as in international countries to account for tthey fact that tthey U.S. dollar is a lot stronger today than it was 12 months ago. Karru Martinson Okay. Thank you very much guys. Appreciate it. Boris Elisman Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Hamed Khorsand. Your line is open. Hamed Khorsand Hey, good morning. So first off, I just want to get an understanding of tthey pushback you’re seeing in Europe. Is that across tthey board? Is ttheyre a specific area in Europe that’s creating tthey lower numbers for you? Boris Elisman So ttheyre is a couple of things going in Europe, Hamed. Tthey primary reason is tthey economic weakness that I talked about, and that’s pretty much across tthey all of EMEA. It centers around, Germany and tthey UK. But as I mentioned, it’s pretty much affects all of tthey EMEA. Tthey ottheyr thing with EMEA is just compares versus prior year. Last Q3 Europe grew over 3%. It was a very strong quarter a year ago and that was driven by GDPR and tthey launch of tthey shredders that we had in EMEA and ttheyre were two factors ttheyre. One is just increased shredding and focus on privacy coordinated with tthey GDPR launch, as well as just tthey channel fill. Because a lot of our customers were carrying shredders for tthey first time. So it drove us very significant increase in shredders last year. Ttheir year, tthey sell-through was going well and tthey sales are going well. But from a year-to-year comparison perspective, tthey sales of shredders are down, and that’s anottheyr contributor to tthey 2.3% decline in EMEA ttheir quarter. Hamed Khorsand Okay. And ttheyn in tthey U.S., you were talking about your commercial customers being little bit cautious. Are those tthey same customers you were targeting as far as getting ttheym as a direct customer? Boris Elisman No. I’m talking about tthey big contract stationers and tthey commercial arms or office products superstores. Tthey independence, tthey small independence that we are trying to buy from us direct continued to do well. Hamed Khorsand And ttheyn with ttheyse commercial customers, do you have a insight into, if ttheyre’s too much channel inventory out ttheyre? Boris Elisman I don’t believe ttheyre is more – ttheyre’s a lot of inventory, but ttheyy’re just buying less because ttheyy are preparing for tthey future. So wtheyn you look at competitive channel dynamics, everybody is trying to compete with tthey most efficient resellers. And tthey most efficient resellers carried very little inventory. So we see that our theirtoric legacy customers and trying to compete with ttheyse modern, efficient resellers try to carry just in time inventory and wtheyn ttheyy think tthey demand is going to be down in tthey future, ttheyy reduced ttheyir purchasing. Hamed Khorsand Okay, great. That’s it for me. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thank you, Hamed. Operator Thank you. I’m not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey call back over to Boris Elisman for any furttheyr remarks. Boris Elisman Thank you, Sydney. In closing, we’re very pleased that tthey businesses from well in tthey first nine months of tthey year, driven by North America strong back-to-school results. We remain confident about our future and continue to position tthey company for growth and strong returns for our shareholders. I look forward to speaking with you again after we report our full year results. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.