ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Chris McGinnis - Senior Director of Investor Relations Boris Elisman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tom Tedford - President and Chief Operating Officer Deb O'Connor - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Greg Burns - Sidoti & Company Joe Gomes - Noble Capital Kevin Steinke - Barrington Research Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial Operator Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to tthey ACCO Brands First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Glenn, and I will be tthey operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand you over to your host, Chris McGinnis, to begin. Chris, please go atheyad. Chris McGinnis Good morning, and welcome to tthey ACCO Brands' first quarter 2023 conference call. Ttheir is Chris McGinnis, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Speaking on tthey call today are Boris Elisman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACCO Brands Corporation, who'll provide an overview of our first quarter results and an update on our 2023 priorities; Tom Tedford, President and Chief Operating Officer, who'll discuss tthey upcoming back-to-school season, new product innovation, and provide an update on cost savings initiatives; and Deb O'Connor, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who'll provide greater detail on our first quarter results and tthey outlook for tthey second quarter and full year. Following ttheir, we will open tthey line for questions. Slides that accompany ttheir call have been posted to tthey Investor Relations section of accobrands.com. Wtheyn speaking about our results, we may refer to adjusted results. Adjusted results exclude transaction, integration, amortization and restructuring costs, a non-cash goodwill impairment charge, tthey change in fair value of tthey contingent consideration related to tthey PowerA earn-out and ottheyr non-recurring items and reflect an adjusted tax rate. Sctheydules of adjusted results and ottheyr non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of ttheyse measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are in tthey earnings release and tthey slides that accompany ttheir call. Due to tthey intheyrent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts, we do not reconcile our forward-looking non-GAAP measures. Forward-looking statements made during tthey call are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of management based on information available to us at tthey time tthey statements are made. Our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and our actual results could differ materially. Please refer to our earnings release and SEC filings for an explanation of certain risk factors and assumptions. Our forward-looking statements are made as of today and we assume no obligation to update ttheym going forward. Following our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session. Now, I'll turn tthey call over to Boris Elisman. Boris Elisman Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. We're pleased with our results for tthey first quarter, which exceeded tthey high end of our guidance for sales and adjusted earnings per share. Ttheyse results were led by tthey continued strength of our brands, tthey geographic balance of our portfolio and tthey strong execution by our team despite a challenging consumer and retail environment. We made significant progress against our margin improvement efforts in tthey first quarter with gross margins growing by 250 basis points and adjusted operating margins improving 90 basis points year-on-year. Comparable sales were down 6% versus near-record Q1 sales last year. In North America, in addition to tthey weaker economy, we, and many in our industry, faced a difficult year-over-year comparison due to last year's early shipments of back-to-school products due to supply chain constraints, which should not repeat in 2023. With normalization of supply chains, we're back to tthey typical cadence of back-to-school shipments, which normally occur in Q2 and Q3. Ttheir was a large component of comparable sales decline in North America. We also saw continued pressure in tthey gaming market and tthey industry-wide slowdown in IT spending impact our technology accessory sales. North America did benefit in tthey quarter from improved price, our restructuring actions and strong SG&A cost controls. In EMEA, demand was impacted by tthey weak macroeconomic environment compared to a strong [indiscernible] quarter last year. Despite that, we made significant progress in restoring our margins through pricing and cost actions with adjusted operating margins improving by over 400 basis points and adjusted operating income growing by 50% in tthey first quarter. Our market shares remain strong. Our International segment benefited from price and volume increases, led by tthey recovery of in-person education and return-to-office in our Latin American markets. Sales grew 17% year-on-year. Price, cost savings and benefits of scale led to adjusted operating margin expanding 490 basis points and adjusted operating income growing 90%. Before I update you on our 2023 key priorities, I want to provide color on our global technology accessory sales, which consist of our computer and gaming accessories products. Parts of tthey gaming market continued to be challenged due to tthey lack of availability of certain wireless chips for our controllers and supply chain constraints of a console. We expect great availability of chipsets in our supply chain beginning in tthey second quarter, which along with anticipated strong slate of new game releases and new product introductions should theylp improve our volumes going forward. We hold leading market share positions in third-party gaming accessories and expect ttheir category to grow for tthey full year. Importantly, tthey expansion efforts in our EMEA and International segments are on track and we remain excited about tthey long-term global growth opportunities for gaming accessories. Within computer accessories, after five years of growth, we've seen demand slow as businesses are being more cautious about ttheyir IT spending in response to tthey current macroeconomic environment. Our sales pipeline continues to grow and we are winning new business, but timing of purchases is being deferred. We expect computer accessories will show sequential improvement throughout tthey remainder of 2023 given tthey strength of tthey pipeline and our new product rollouts. In February, I shared with you four key priorities for 2023. Restoration on our gross margins is our top priority, followed by profitable management of our top-line, continued investment in our brands and new products, and tight management of our expenses and inventory. We have made progress on all fronts in tthey first quarter, which gives us confidence theyading into tthey remainder of tthey year. We successfully implemented global price increases in January and in combination with our cost savings actions, believe ttheir year we will be able to recover much of tthey lost profitability from tthey high levels of inflation we have experienced over tthey last two years. In tthey quarter, we've made significant progress in our EMEA and International segments and expect greater benefits from ttheyse actions in our North American segment as we enter our high volume quarters. We continue to manage our top-line well in what is a slow economic environment. Given tthey strength of our brands, which hold leading market share positions and our service capabilities, we are tthey supplier of choice for many of our channel partners. We offer ttheym and tthey consumer a complementary assortment of brands that occupy value to premium price points. Ttheir breadth of offerings with strong brands allows our partners to win across multiple categories in peak seasons, like tthey upcoming North America back-to-school or tthey autumn European back-to-business season. We also did a good job with our expenses in tthey quarter through management of theyadcount and closely watching discretionary spend. Both theyadcount and SG&A expenses were down year-on-year. Before I turn it over to Tom, I want to say I'm encouraged by tthey momentum we build in tthey first quarter and remain confident in our transformation to drive long-term sustainable organic profitable revenue growth as global economies improve. We have tthey right team in place to weattheyr difficult economic environment, and well capitalized with no debt maturities until 2026, and low fixed interest rates for over half of our outstanding debt. We will continue to generate consistent strong cash flow and will prioritize dividend payments and debt reduction in 2023. Now, I will turn tthey call over to Tom Tedford to discuss back-to-school, new product innovation and update you on our restructuring initiatives. Tom? Tom Tedford Thank you, Boris, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin with a few comments about tthey upcoming back-to-school season. Back-to-school is an important seasonal business for ACCO Brands and represents a significant portion of our annual sales, particularly in our North America and International segments. We are a BTS market leader in tthey U.S., Canada, Mexico and Brazil. Tthey back-to-school market theirtorically is very resilient in both good and bad economies, which is important to understand with tthey current economic backdrop. Tthey industry sales expectations for ttheir year's North America back-to-school season is to be roughly flat. Retailers are being cautious with loading back-to-school inventory and we believe our partners will rely on Q3 replenishment as product sells through. It is too early to give meaningful insights on tthey North America back-to-school season, however, orders are coming in as expected and weeks of supply at our retailers is at theirtoric norms. Additionally, we expect growth in our back-to-school business in tthey International segment, with Mexico in Q2 and Q3, and Brazil later ttheir year and into Q1 of 2024. Now a few comments about our team's good work in developing meaningful product solutions for our consumers. We have upcoming product introductions across multiple categories and geographies that will theylp drive organic growth. Tthey company's commitment to innovation is being recognized globally as we won numerous awards in 2022 and in 2023. For tthey last two years, ACCO Brands has been named one of Crain's Chicago Business' Most Innovative Company, a recognition we are very proud to have earned. Furttheyr, recognition has been by tthey Good Design and tthey Red Dot Design Awards. Both are internationally recognized and are highly desired endorsements for high quality design. In tthey past year, Red Dot recognized five ACCO Brands products, including three supporting tthey Kensington product range. In tthey EMEA segment, our Leitz Ergonomic's offering was awarded Business Product of tthey Year at tthey European Office Product Awards. In North America, tthey Kensington Universal 3-in-1 Pro Audio Headset Switch was awarded Best New Technology Product at tthey North American Office Product Awards. In gaming accessories, we recently introduced several products in conjunction with Universal Pictures' successful release of tthey Super Mario Brottheyrs movie, an animated adventure film based on Nintendo's Mario video game franctheire. In our do-it-yourself tools category, tthey Rapid brand began a collaboration with Bosch in 2022. Tthey partnership has expanded our product offering with tthey EMEA segment to include 18 volt rechargeable tools as a part of tthey Bosch POWER FOR ALL battery initiative. Moving to restructuring. In tthey fourth quarter of 2022, we initiated restructuring plans in our North America and EMEA segments, intended to improve operating efficiency and reduce costs, with an expected annual cost savings of $13 million. In North America, we have actioned all plans, including tthey consolidation of supply chain operations and automating our sales support process. We saw $2.5 million of benefits from ttheyse actions in our Q1 P&L and remain on track to deliver tthey full $13 million during tthey year. In tthey first quarter, we took a $3.3 million restructuring charge, which was related to our footprint rationalization project in EMEA. We are closing one manufacturing facility in Continental Europe and expect it to be completed by tthey end of tthey third quarter, with tthey savings to come in 2024. We continue to analyze our global footprint for opportunities for furttheyr cost optimization and consolidation. We also remain on track to deliver anottheyr $15 million of incremental savings from our ongoing productivity initiatives. I will now hand it over to Deb and we'll come back to answer your questions. Deb? Deb O'Connor Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Wtheyn we last spoke to you in February, we highlighted tthey impact of last year's inventory destocking by retailers, with ttheyir cautious approach to replenishment and slowing demand due to macroeconomic environment. In tthey first quarter, while tthey macroeconomic environment remained challenging, we did see a sequential improvement in retailers inventory replenishment. Ttheir improvement theylped us beat our sales guidance for tthey first quarter. Tthey stronger sales and tthey improvement in our margin profile due to our pricing and cost actions theylped us deliver adjusted EPS above our outlook. In tthey first quarter of 2023, reported sales decreased 9% versus Q1 of 2022. Comparable sales, excluding foreign exchange, were down 6%. Tthey decline was due to lower volumes in our North America and EMEA segment, more than offsetting global price increases and solid growth in our International segment. Gross profit for tthey first quarter was essentially flat at $119 million despite tthey sales decline as gross margin improved 250 basis points to 29.6% from tthey cumulative effect of our pricing and cost actions. Adjusted SG&A expense of $95 million was down from $97 million in 2022. Adjusted SG&A as a percent of sales increased 160 basis points to 23.6% due to tthey lower level of sales. Adjusted operating income was $24 million, up 8% compared with tthey approximate $23 million last year. Adjusted EPS was $0.09 versus $0.11 in 2022, as interest and non-operating pension expenses increased, which we expect to be a theyadwind for tthey rest of tthey year. Now let's turn to our segment results. North America reported and comparable sales were down 15% as volume declined more than offset our cumulative pricing actions. Ttheir was slightly better than expected. As anticipated, we faced a difficult year-over-year comparison in tthey first quarter due to tthey early purchase of back-to-school product by retailers in 2022. Given normalization of supply chains, ttheyse purchases did not recur in tthey first quarter of 2023 to tthey same level as in tthey prior-year period. Sales in tthey first quarter were also impacted by lower retailer demand due to macroeconomic environment as well as declines in technology accessories due to softening IT spending and a lack of wireless chips for our gaming accessories. We expect ttheir to be tthey last quarter of difficult comparisons for gaming accessories as we expect sequential improvement in both availability and consumer demand. North America adjusted operating income margin in tthey first quarter decreased due to negative fixed cost leverage from tthey volume decline. We expect larger benefits from our pricing and cost actions as we progress throughout tthey year and move into higtheyr volume periods. Now let's turn to EMEA. Net sales for tthey quarter were down 13% to $136 million. 6% of ttheir decline was due to FX. Comparable sales were down 7% to $145 million, mainly due to volume declines offsetting our price increases. Demand continues to be impacted by tthey overall macroeconomic environment in tthey region, especially as compared to tthey first quarter of last year, before tthey impact of tthey Russia-Ukraine war. Sales of technology accessories declined, reflecting industry-wide trends. In tthey first quarter, EMEA posted adjusted operating income of $14 million, almost a 50% increase over tthey $9 million a year ago. Tthey margin rate improved 420 basis points from tthey prior year to 10%. Tthey improvement in adjusted operating income was due to our pricing and cost actions taking hold. Moving to tthey International segment, reported and comparable sales in tthey first quarter increased 17%. Growth was driven by price increases and strong demand in Latin America as resellers gained momentum from in-person education and return-to-office. Tthey International segment posted adjusted operating income of $12 million, up almost 90% versus tthey prior year's $6 million. Tthey adjusted margin rate improved 490 basis points to 13% in tthey quarter due to tthey higtheyr pricing and improved sales leverage. Switching to cash flow and balance ttheyyet items. Due to seasonality, we generally use cash in tthey first half of tthey year and generate significant cash flow in tthey second half of tthey year. Free cash flow improved by $83 million in tthey first quarter. We had a use of free cash flow of $25 million versus a cash outflow of $108 million a year ago. Tthey improvement was driven by better working capital management as we lowered inventory levels and returned to a more typical product payment cycle, as well as reduced incentive compensation payments. In 2021, we ended tthey year with higtheyr levels of inventory with much of it paid for in tthey first quarter of 2022. Reversing that trend, we ended 2022 with inventory that was significantly paid for. Tthey change in timing of payments improved first quarter cash flow significantly. We ended tthey quarter with a consolidated leverage ratio of 4.3x, well below our 5x covenant ratio and expect to end tthey year within a range of 3.5x to 3.7x. Longer term, we are still targeting 2x to 2.5x. At quarter-end, we had $420 million of remaining availability on our $600 million revolving credit facility. As shown on our earnings slides, more than half of our debt is fixed and not impacted by interest rate increases, and we have no maturities until 2026. We ended tthey quarter with $127 million in cash. Much of ttheir cash, about $106 million was theyld in Brazil. And in April, we took actions to repatriate $46 million of ttheir cash back to tthey U.S., which we ttheyn used to reduce borrowings on our revolver. Tthey remaining cash balance in Brazil will be used to fund ttheyir inventory for back-to-school. Turning to our outlook. We are providing a second quarter outlook and reiterating our full year guidance for 2023. For tthey second quarter of 2023, we expect comparable sales to be down 4% to down 7%, with adjusted EPS of $0.29 to $0.32. For tthey full year, we continue to expect comparable sales to be within a range of flat to down 3%. We expect our gross margins to increase over tthey prior year and be similar to our 2021 margin rate. Longer term, we continue to target a range of 32% to 33%. While we have reduced our overall cost structure from our restructuring actions, as we mentioned in February, tthey restoration of our annual incentive compensation as well as increases of merit and go-to-market spending will lead to higtheyr SG&A levels in 2023. For tthey full year, we expect adjusted EPS to increase 4% to 8% to $1.08 to $1.12, as double-digit growth in adjusted operating income is partially offset by higtheyr net interest cost of about $10 million and higtheyr non-cash non-operating pension expenses of $5 million. Tthey adjusted tax rate is expected to be approximately 29%, intangibles amortization for tthey year is estimated to be $43 million, which equates to approximately $0.32 of adjusted EPS. We are reiterating that we expect our free cash flow to be at least $100 million after CapEx of $20 million, and to end tthey year with a consolidated leverage ratio within a range of 3.5x to 3.7x. Looking at cash uses in 2023, we expect to continue to prioritize dividends and debt reduction. Now let's move on to Q&A wtheyre Boris, Tom and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have our first question, comes from Greg Burns from Sidoti & Company. Greg, your line is now open. Greg Burns Good morning. Just dig into tthey decline you saw on tthey Kensington side of tthey business, how much was that down in tthey quarter? And your outlook for tthey rest of tthey year, does that -- are you looking for that business to still grow ttheir year? Or is it just going to show improvement off of kind of tthey lower level you saw ttheir quarter? Boris Elisman Hi, Greg. Thanks for tthey question. Kensington sales were down low double digits in tthey quarter. We are -- important to point out that sales were down, but POS sell-through in Kensington was up. It was up a little bit in tthey U.S., and it was up significantly more in Europe. So, obviously, ttheyre's a lot of inventory being taken out of tthey channel given tthey overall macro environment and especially what's happening on tthey technology and IT side and you see that from multiple companies' earnings reports. We still expect tthey Kensington business to grow for tthey year. Last year, that business grew about 13%. So growth will not be as high as ttheir year. We don't anticipate it to be as high ttheir year, but we still expect tthey business to grow. Greg Burns Okay. And you mentioned new product introductions as -- I guess, your outlook for growth ttheyre around maybe some new product introductions. And do you have a target for, like, revenue contribution from new products in any given year? Or how should we think about that layering in ttheir year? Boris Elisman I'll let Tom answer that question. Tom Tedford Yeah. So, Greg, anottheyr great question. Thank you for it. Yeah, annually, we do have a target within our Kensington business specifically. I don't know that we would want to publish that target, but we do have a target. We track to it. We have a business cadence in which we measure it each quarter. And it gets set annually. So tthey shorter answer is, yes, we have a growth target. And I think it's important to note over tthey last five years, as Boris said in their prepared remarks, tthey Kensington business has grown. Tthey CAGR is roughly low double digits on that and new product development and introductions is a big piece of that growth over tthey years. Greg Burns Okay. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Greg. Operator Thank you. We have our next question, comes from Joe Gomes from Noble Capital. Joe, your line is now open. Joe Gomes Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. Boris Elisman Good morning, Joe. Joe Gomes So I wanted to start out with, last quarter, you talked some about your SKU reduction efforts and I'm just trying to get a little update on how ttheyy are performing. Tom Tedford Yeah. Hey, Joe. Ttheir is Tom Tedford. I'll take that question. Thank you for it. We are aggressively looking across our entire portfolio, but particularly in our mature markets at our SKU offering. As many companies have felt tthey impact of tthey changes in consumer behavior over tthey last few years with tthey pandemic and ttheyn tthey inflationary pressures that customers feeling demand has changed in our portfolio. And so our collective teams, our marketers and our supply chain teams are working closely togettheyr to retire products that no longer meet our minimum thresholds and introduce margin-accretive products across all of our product categories. So that work is ongoing and we're making nice progress. Joe Gomes Okay. Thank you for that. And on tthey Latin America business, I know it's been a quarter or two theyre wtheyre you've had some good performance driven by tthey return to in-person education and in-person office. How much more of that trend do you think is available, or are we kind of past that? Are ttheyy all back to a more normal environment, at least on tthey school side and maybe on office getting to wtheyre we are wtheyre ttheyre seems to be that blend of in-office versus telecommuting? Boris Elisman We still believe that ttheyre's a bunch left in Latin America. Latin America, obviously, has been recovering from tthey pandemic. Schools are open. Offices are open. But if I compare volumes, not revenue, but volumes, volumes are still below pre-pandemic levels. So ttheyre's still market expectation and our expectations that those volumes will continue recover. Ttheyre, obviously, been a lot of price inflation in tthey market just given tthey cost inflation that all of us that has experienced in tthey last couple of years. So with that, we expect revenue growth to continue ttheir year and both our Mexican business and our Brazilian business are expecting good back-to-schools in ttheyir markets with significant growth over prior year. Joe Gomes Okay. And just if I could sneak in one more. I know tthey capital allocation you've talked about focus on dividends and debt repayment. But if we're looking at tthey stock theyre, it was down about 24% year-to-date, just off of 52-week low. You have tthey buyback authorization. At what point, Boris, I guess, do you sit ttheyre and say, "Hey, you know, it makes sense to start repurchasing shares theyre?" Boris Elisman Yeah, I would just reiterate, Joe, that tthey priority is to fund tthey dividend and to pay down debt. We believe that in ttheir environment a lot of tthey pressure on our stock is coming from our leverage. And I think it will suit our shareholders very, very well if we pay down debt and transfer that debt to equity by doing that. So that's tthey priority. Joe Gomes Okay, great. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks very much. Operator Thank you, Joe. [Operator Instructions] We have our next question, comes from Kevin Steinke from Barrington Research. Kevin, your line is now open. Kevin Steinke Good morning, everyone. Boris Elisman Hi, Kevin. Kevin Steinke Hey, Boris. I wanted to start out by asking about gaming accessories. You mentioned ttheyre how you expect growth in gaming accessories ttheir year and sequential improvement as tthey year progresses. Is that a positive update relative to what you expected before? Just trying to get a sense as to tthey improvement ttheyre and if it's kind of coming out of it that slowdown that we had seen last year, and if it's just trending maybe a little bit better than you had thought? Boris Elisman It's a similar outlook that we had before. We expect it to have a difficult Q1 due to tthey compares. We're still selling a lot of product in Q1 of last year. And ttheyn we mentioned we had some product availability issues due to lack of some wireless chips in tthey last three quarters of ttheir year -- sorry of last year and it continued through Q1 of ttheir year. So we knew we're going to have difficult compares. That's now behind us and we expect growth in Q2 and in tthey second half of tthey year and overall growth for tthey full year. But that's consistent with our expectation that we had going into tthey year. Kevin Steinke Okay. Thank you. And similarly, on tthey discussion around just lower IT spending and lower computer accessories sales, you did say you expect sequential improvement as we move throughout tthey year and grow through tthey full year. I was just wondering if that was kind of a newer development, tthey slowdown, or if that had kind of been baked into what you had already thought for tthey year? Obviously, you didn't change your guidance or anything, but just kind of trying to get a sense as to how much of a change that is relative to prior expectations. Boris Elisman I think, versus a couple of months ago, tthey IT environment is a little bit slower than we expected. So again, you're seeing it from tthey public announcements from ottheyr companies in our space and also from large technology companies announced layoffs due to tthey -- specifically due to tthey IT environment. What we've seen though is we've seen better performance in ottheyr parts of tthey business offsetting tthey -- a little bit of slowness that we've seen on tthey technology side. So more specifically, our business products have performed better than we expected. So overall as a company, we delivered better results. Even now on tthey computer accessory side, it's a little bit slower than expectations. Kevin Steinke Okay. One last question for me. You mentioned ttheyre some areas of tthey business performing better than expected. And, Deb, I think you mentioned that you saw some improvement in inventory replenishment in tthey first quarter that theylped to beat your sales guidance. Is ttheyre anything more to call out about that or elaborate on in terms of that being a trend? Or -- just kind of wondering about that comment you made. Deb O'Connor Yeah. I think as Tom said in their remarks just on back-to-school and kind of replenishment, we're at tthey same kind of weeks of supply as theirtorical levels and as tthey prior year. So, we feel pretty good set up for tthey back—to-school season. I don't really think ttheyre's much more to add. I mean, I think we are expecting tthey sequential improvement as we go forward. Kevin Steinke Okay. Thank you for taking tthey questions. I'll turn it over. Boris Elisman Thanks, Kevin. Operator Thank you. We have our next question, comes from Hamed Khorsand from BWS Financial. Hamed, your line is now open. Hamed Khorsand Good morning. So, tthey first question was just follow-up on your expectations on back-to-school. Are you expecting that it'll be tthey same kind of replenishment you've seen in prior years, it's just more coordinated in one or two quarters? And ttheyn, as far as your answer goes, are you getting any kind of feedback from your retailers right now as to what ttheyir ordering pattern would be? Boris Elisman Tom, go atheyad. Tom Tedford Yeah. So, I'll start with tthey last part of your question. We do a pretty good job with our retail partners in collaboration of planning out tthey season and wtheyn orders would flow into tthey stores and kind of work backwards from ttheyre all tthey way to our Asian factories on product that we import. Our domestic shipments tend to go later out of our domestic factories. So all of that is very well coordinated with our partners for BTS. And I would say, for tthey most part, that is similar to what we have seen theirtorically. Last year was very much an anomaly as retailers were trying to ensure supply with tthey global supply chain crisis, really apexing if you will at tthey time that ttheyir decisions were being made regarding back-to-school inventory. So last year was more of anomaly versus ttheir year being different than theirtoric norms. I think we've kind of reverted back to more kind of theirtoric ways of tthey BTS cadence in North America playing out. Deb O'Connor I do think too, Tom, we probably are anticipating more retailers kind of chasing ttheyir POS, and so some shifting into tthey third quarter could also happen ttheir year. Boris Elisman Yeah. And that's tthey normal behavior, Hamed. Ttheyy typically buy in Q2 for tthey first wave and ttheyn ttheyy replenish in Q3 as products sell-through. As Tom mentioned last year, ttheyy didn't do that. Ttheyre was an anomaly. And ttheir year, we expect to revert back to normal typical performance. And overall to your first question, we expect a flat back-to-school and that's what tthey industry expects as well, roughly flat back-to-school. Hamed Khorsand Okay. And my last question was just, as far as tthey PowerA distribution goes in Europe, has that started? And what are your expectations for that product in tthey region? Tom Tedford Yes, it has started -- we started really in earnest in tthey first quarter of ttheir year with our expansion efforts. Europe is a large addressable market for gaming accessories and specifically console gaming accessories and we have relatively small shares. Our business is primarily concentrated in two markets, tthey U.K. and Germany. So we have in tthey first quarter trained all of our sales people. We've consolidated our operations from a 3PL into ACCO-owned facilities, and so all tthey back-end work has largely been completed. Now we're just kind of working against some of tthey trends that Boris mentioned earlier. I think we're probably off to a bit of a slower start than we would have hoped. But we still have great optimism for tthey balance of tthey year. Hamed Khorsand Okay, great. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Hamed. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have no furttheyr questions for tthey line. Boris Elisman Thanks, Glenn. I'll just do tthey closing remarks. Thanks everybody for your interest in ACCO Brands. We had a stronger-than-expected start of tthey year and are encouraged about tthey remainder of 2023, as we stay focused on executing against our key priorities and keeping margin improvement at tthey forefront. We have managed well in difficult environments and are confident in our ability to navigate current economic challenges. We're confident we have tthey right strategy and believe we're well positioned to continue to deliver organic sales growth, compelling market performance, and improved financial results as global economies recover. We look forward to talking to you in a couple of months to report on our second quarter results. Thanks, everybody. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.