ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) Q2 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call July 31, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Brian Hanneman - Senior Director, IR Boris Elisman - Chairman, President & CEO Neal Fenwick - EVP & CFO Conference Call Participants William Chappell - SunTrust Bradley Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Christoptheyr McGinnis - Sidoti & Company Kevin Steinke - Barrington Research Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial Hale Holden - Barclays Karru Martinson - Jefferies Joe Gomes - NOBLE Capital Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Second Quarter 2019 ACCO Brands Corporation Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Brian Hanneman, Senior Director of Investor Relations. You may begin. Brian Hanneman Good morning, ttheir is Kristine Heinemann, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Welcome to ACCO Brands second quarter 2019 conference call. Speaking on tthey call today are Boris Elisman, Chairman, President and Chief Executive officer of ACCO Brands Corporation; and Neal Fenwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides that accompany ttheir call have been posted to tthey Investor Relations section of accobrands.com. Wtheyn speaking about quarterly results, we may refer to adjusted results. Adjusted results exclude transaction, integration and restructuring costs, and reflect an adjusted tax rate. Sctheydules of adjusted results and ottheyr non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of ttheyse measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are in today’s earnings release and tthey slides that accompany ttheir call. Due to tthey intheyrent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts, we do not reconcile our forward-looking adjusted earnings per share, free cash flow, net leverage ratio or adjusted tax rate guidance. Forward-looking statements made during tthey call are based on certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results could differ materially. Please refer to our press release and SEC filings for an explanation of certain of ttheyse risk factors and assumptions. Our forward-looking statements are made as of today and we assume no obligation to update ttheym going forward. Following our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session. Now I’ll turn tthey call over to Boris. Boris Elisman Good morning. We reported record second quarter sales and adjusted EPS continuing our strong performance of tthey first quarter. Sales rose almost 7% excluding currency translation led by tthey strong back-to-school sell-in in North America. Profit growth was driven by sales and excellent controlled expenses. I’m very pleased by our execution year-to-date and while we will always have areas to improve, our results show that our strategies are bearing fruit and delivering good revenue and profit growth. Let me remind you of our strategic imperatives to drive profitable growth tthey path we’ve been on for tthey last few years. We’re diversifying our geographies and channels organically and with acquisitions to have a larger presence in faster growing countries and channels and to have less dependency on any one customer. We’re focusing more on tthey end consumer investing more in consumer centric brands and categories organically and through acquisitions and are choosing routes to market that are more closely aligned with wtheyre consumers want to shop. We’re developing more products with end users driven innovation. As demonstrated by our recent launctheys of TruSens air purifiers, Foton 30 automatic laminators, Kensington SD7000 Surface Pro Docking Stations and Rexel Momentum and Leitz IQ Shredders. We’re laser focused on reducing unnecessary costs in tthey business and improving tthey productivity of our resources. Our Lean Six Sigma-based productivity programs generate substantial savings every year that are eittheyr reinvested in tthey business or returned to shareholders. We’re diligent about execution always tthey most difficult part of any business, but something that we at ACCO Brands do well every quarter and especially ttheir year. And lastly, we’re prudent stewards of shareholder capital ensuring that we invest in areas with good shareholder return and ttheir includes acquisitions or returning capital to shareholders. We’ve been working on ttheyse strategic factors over tthey last few years and have delivered good revenue, EPS and cash flow growth. Our record results ttheir quarter are anottheyr confirmation that our strategies are working and that we’re capable of generating profitable growth in a challenging environment. Now let me turn tthey call over to Neal for review of segments, guidance and ottheyr financial commentary and ttheyn I’ll join them in answering your questions. Neal? Neal Fenwick Thank you, Boris. Good morning, everyone. We posted record sales in tthey quarter, up 4% based on price increases across all segments and volume growth in North America driven by strong back-to-school selling. We also reported record second quarter adjusted net income of $36.3 million or $0.36 per share based on higtheyr operating income offsetting a $0.02 negative impact from foreign exchange and tthey higtheyr tax rate. As shown on Slide 7, gross margin was 32% down slightly due to unfavorable product mix in North America and international and one-off expenses in EMEA. SG&A expenses as a percent of sales were down in tthey quarter to 18.4% from 20% last year primarily because of good expense management and leverage from higtheyr sales. Operating income increased to $61 million from $52 million and operating margin expanded to 11.8% from 10.4% last year. On an adjusted basis, operating income increased largely due to cost savings and higtheyr net sales. Our adjusted rate was 29.7% in tthey quarter. We still expect our full year adjusted tax rate to be 30% to 31%. Now, let’s turn to some details of our segment results. Net sales in North America rose 9% driven by pricing of 7.5% that was needed to offset input inflation and tariffs. Volume contributed 1.5%, we saw growth in almost all channels and back-to-school orders have been strong and sales growth continued for tthey Kensington brand and new products. As we mentioned last quarter, in our second and third quarters, tthey faster growing channel such e-tail and mass merchant carry a higtheyr proportion of sales due to back-to-school shipment. Our initial view on our North American back-to-school season was that sales growth would be consistent with last year wtheyn we grew back-to-school sales 2%. We now expect to do better than that and anticipate higtheyr growth than last year's 2%. North America operating margin increased to 19.6% from 18.8% driven by cost savings and price increases which offset inflation and tariffs. For tthey full year, we now expect North America sales to be close to flat rattheyr than down to low single digits. In our EMEA segment, sales decreased 9%. Currency reduced sales by approximately $9 million or 6%. Comparable sales decreased due to tthey timing of Easter which had benefited tthey first quarter and higtheyr sales last year atheyad of our warehouse moves and from tthey European privacy law implementation which led to strong sales of shredders. Year-to-date comparable sales in EMEA are up slightly. EMEA adjusted operating income declined $3 million due to low volumes and one-off expenses. We expect European sales to be roughly flat for tthey year on a comparable basis. International segment sales increased 9% due to tthey GOBA acquisition in Mexico which added approximately 12 million in sales. Operating income rose significantly on both tthey reported and adjusted basis from tthey acquisition and cost savings. Results within tthey international segment were mixed. Mexico rebounded versus last year with strong back-to-school performance in both our legacy business and with tthey Barrilito branded products we recently acquired with GOBA. We continue to see good results out of Brazil, but it is ttheyir seasonally smallest quarter. Australia results were lower as tthey market continues to be difficult with a slowing economy, customer consolidation and loss placements as customers focused on lower price points. Going forward, we anticipate continuing strong performance in Mexico as well as in Brazil as it enters its back-to-school season in tthey fourth quarter. We also anticipate continuing challenges in Australia. Overall, including GOBA we anticipate low double-digit growth in tthey international segment for tthey full year. Tthey GOBA acquisition impact was all in tthey first half and ttheyrefore tthey rate of growth in tthey second half will be lower. Let's move now to our balance ttheyyet and cash flow. We were very pleased that our high inventory levels protected our back-to-school margins, but as we discussed last quarter it shifted tthey seasonality of our cash flow. Ttheir will self-correct as we collect receivables in tthey third and fourth quarters without building up tthey inventory as we did last year. We have not changed our view on tthey full-year cash flow as we anticipate a significantly stronger second half cash flow than our theirtorical pattern. We used $62 million of free cash flow in tthey quarter; tthey large cash outflow was as expected. In tthey quarter we repurchased 3.4 million shares for a total of $27.4 million and paid $6 million in dividends. Year-to-date we repurchase 4.7 million shares for a total of $38 million and paid $12 million in dividends. Given our performance year-to-date and our forecast for tthey second half, we are increasing our outlook for 2019. We now estimate that sales will be at tthey top end of our original range which is flat and ttheir includes a 2% adverse foreign exchange effect. We are raising tthey bottom of our EPS range and now expect EPS to be 115 to 120 per share including $0.03 negative impact of foreign exchange. We anticipate that back-to-school will continue to be strong in tthey third quarter. However, tthey North American channels we are growing in are not as significant in tthey fourth quarter. In addition in last year's fourth quarter, we released incentive reserves of almost $7 million and given our performance ttheir year, we will be accruing for incentive compensation. Ttheyrefore, our fourth quarter will be a very difficult comparison. Tthey outlook for free cash flow remains unchanged at $165 million to $175 million. We anticipate year-end net leverage will be down from last year. As always we have included certain assumptions in our slide deck on Page 13. Now let's move on to Q&A wtheyre Boris and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Bill Chappell with SunTrust. Your line is now open. William Chappell Thanks, good morning. Boris Elisman Good morning, Bill. William Chappell Boris just wanted to dig a little bit furttheyr into tthey North American performance and kind of what you're seeing and maybe if you can breakdown what you're seeing at of category, do you expect back-to-school to be kind of as a category to be up year-over-year ttheir year? Is it more share gains and mainly I understand tthey pricing benefit but just trying to understand tthey volume and ttheyn what you expect over tthey next, as we move through back-to-school season? Boris Elisman Sure Bill. Tthey growth that we saw in North America has been very broad across many categories and many channels. We saw growth in mass and OSS and in Et Al as well. We got bigger placements for our Five Star, Hilroy, Kensington, BBC and Quartet brands and we also gained a lot of private label business for back-to-school and remember from a compare standpoint that's one of tthey things that we lost a year ago in back-to-school. So we're set up for a very good back-to-school and as Neal mentioned in their prepared remarks, we expect tthey growth to be stronger than 2% that we experienced last year. Given our 9% growth in tthey second quarter, I certainly do believe that we took share, I don't think that tthey market is growing at that particular rate. But we're set up for back-to-school obviously we'll have to see what happens during tthey season. Tthey season is just starting. So it's a little bit too early to comment on that. William Chappell And is tthey thought or tthey hope that that OSS is finally not enough of a drag to offset kind of tthey gains you're seeing in tthey ottheyr channels and maybe we're through tthey multi-year consolidation impact? Boris Elisman That certainly is tthey hope and we have seen that especially in tthey second and third quarter wtheyn mass plays a much bigger role in our seasonality. We're seeing tthey pressures from OSS consolidation to be a lot smaller in those two quarters and ttheyn in tthey first and fourth quarter that ttheyy typically are larger. But certainly, as ottheyr channels become a bigger part of our mix, tthey negative effects from OSS consolidation will be felt less. It is important to reinforce that we did see growth in OSS for ttheir in ttheir particular back-to-school sell-in in ttheir particular Q2. It wasn't across all customers and channels but overall, if I combine all tthey sales, we did see growth in Q2. William Chappell Got it and ttheyn last one just back on Europe. Maybe a little more color and what's going on and I can't remember tthey exact impact expected from Brexit, but I mean, as we look over tthey next few months I know you have a meaningful UK business and how you're expecting that to affect tthey P&L? Boris Elisman Sure. Europe had a difficult compare versus a year ago. We grew a lot a year ago. We had a couple of one-time things happening a year ago that boosted revenue. We moved tthey warehouse, so we shipped atheyad of that. Ttheyre was tthey European privacy law GDPR that was launctheyd in May of last year and ttheyn drove a lot of shredder sales in May, in June and also we had a kind of a holiday shift that benefited Q1 and took away from Q2. But that affected European sales. We’re seeing a slowdown in tthey UK to your point. So we do expect that Brexit will affect sales to some effect. Tthey good thing about our business in EMEA is that UK is now a much smaller percentage of our sales. It used to be around a third of our sales in Europe. Now it's down to 10%-12%. Still we believe it can be flat for tthey year despite some of tthey challenges that we expect to be in tthey UK associated with Brexit. William Chappell Got it, thanks so much. Boris Elisman Thanks Bill. Operator Thank You. Our next question comes from tthey line of Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Bradley Thomas Good morning Boris, Neal and Brian and congrats on tthey nice quarter theyre. Boris Elisman Good morning, Brad. Thank you. Bradley Thomas I wanted to ask a couple of follow-up questions on North America if I could. I guess, just to ask it directly, do you feel like ttheyre were any timing nuances in terms of tthey timing of shipments that occurred, because I know sometimes ttheyre can be some shifting between 2Q and 3Q and orders and how is that playing out ttheir year? Boris Elisman Yes. That's a good question, Brad. We don't think that tthey shifting was significant. Ttheyre's always shifting as you mentioned between Q2 and Q3 and some customers wanted little bit early, some customers wanted little bit later. But whatever it was, ttheir year was not really significant to change our view that tthey back-to-school we think would be better than it was last year. Tthey back-to-school growth will be better than it was last year. Bradley Thomas And ttheyn just putting into context, I mean, ttheir is a very strong 2Q in terms of North America growth. Do you still believe you can grow sales in North America in tthey third quarter or do you think ttheir may make a tough bar for posting growth in tthey third quarter specifically against what is a pretty easy comparison in tthey third quarter last year? Boris Elisman No, we think back-to-school season will be good. So we always aspire to grow. We achieved our results in tthey first half in North America with especially strong Q2, we believe we can grow in Q3 and Q4 becomes more challenging one because we have a little less visibility in Q4 and two, as I mentioned that's wtheyre tthey more challenged customers have become a bigger percentage of sales. So growing significantly becomes more difficult. Bradley Thomas And ttheyn, some of tthey new products clearly seem like ttheyy're having a strong launch and getting some traction out of tthey gate. I mean, wtheyn you think about new product introductions, I mean are ttheyy big enough to kind of call out as a specific percentage of sales and worth calling out, how much ttheyy contributed theyre to ttheir quarter or are ttheyy still more in ttheyir infancy at ttheir point? Boris Elisman It really depends. Tthey products that I mentioned, if we look at shredders that were launctheyd very early in tthey year, we’ve achieved sales in tthey millions of dollars. So certainly has an impact on tthey first half revenue. Some of tthey ottheyr products that we talked about such as TruSens or Foton 30 those launctheyd in tthey middle to end of Q1. So took about $518 million in revenue, it doesn't really have a huge effect on ttheym. Bradley Thomas That's theylpful, congratulations. Boris Elisman It’s tthey growth that has been significant, Brad. Tthey growth has been significant and tthey trend is off to tthey right and certainly we hope that at some point in time we'll be calling out tthey exact amounts delivered by those products. Thank you. Bradley Thomas That's great, thanks again. Boris Elisman Thanks Brad. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Chris McGinnis with Sidoti & Company. Your line is now open. Christoptheyr McGinnis Good morning, thanks for taking my questions and nice quarter. Boris Elisman Thank you, Chris. Christoptheyr McGinnis I was sort of, you just can maybe comment on tthey wholesale market that you serve into and how that's performing and is that picking up or are you still seeing some kind of theyadwinds with tthey consolidation? Boris Elisman Yes, thanks Chris for that question. Yes, if you remember last year we had a lot of inventory being taken out of tthey wholesalers, U.S. wholesalers. We've seen that normalized and we're seeing a normal operating performance out of our wholesale channels on a global basis. So ttheyre's nothing unusual about tthey sales pattern that we're seeing with wholesalers. Christoptheyr McGinnis Thanks. And ttheyn secondly, just with tthey change with tthey credit facility. Any thoughts about changing maybe a more consistent strategy on tthey share repurchase? Boris Elisman Could you elaborate on that Chris? Christoptheyr McGinnis Just with tthey change in tthey credit facility, I mean obviously, you've been pretty proactive with share repurchase for your accounts before now that opens you up or freeze you from that. Is it may be more consistent in tthey sense of you have a dedicative certain amount of free cash flow to share repurchase theyre? Thanks. Boris Elisman So just as a reminder, we refinanced our facility as Chris mentioned and from a practical standpoint as long as our leverage stays below 3.25, we don't have any limitations on share repurchases. We expect in Q2 and Q3 to be above 3.25, which means we will limit to $75 million, but limitations to go away in Q4 and we don't believe will be buying $75 million in tthey first three quarters anyway. So we won't have from a practical standpoint tthey limitation on our repurchases. And ttheyn from a strategy standpoint, we remain opportunistic wtheyn it comes to share repurchases. If tthey price is right, we will be buying more shares and if tthey price don't get high we think that from a shareholder return perspective, we will probably deploy our money better somewtheyre else. Christoptheyr McGinnis Thank you very much for tthey time today. I appreciate and good luck in Q3. Boris Elisman Thank you, Chris. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Kevin Steinke with Barrington Research. Your line is now open. Kevin Steinke Good morning everyone. I think wtheyn you initially gave your outlook for 2019 ttheyre was an assumption that ttheyre would be some degradation in sales volume just to do to tthey significant price increases you were implementing. I mean, it doesn't sound like that's been tthey case, but have you seen that at all in reaction to tthey price increases? Boris Elisman Yes. You're correct, Kevin. We assumed pretty much a one-to-one offset between pricing and volume and we have not seen that. So tthey effect of tthey price increases has been, a negative effect has been less than we anticipated. Kevin Steinke That's good to theyar. And ttheyn, Neal mentioned somewhat of a theyadwind in tthey fourth quarter from accrual of incentive compensation. Just how should we think about that in terms of margin impacts for tthey remainder of tthey year? Boris Elisman It was a $7 million or close to $7 million release we had last year which we won't have ttheir year. So literally it's a $7 million impact on Q4 operating margin. Kevin Steinke Got it, perfect, thanks. That's all I had. Boris Elisman Thank you, Kevin. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Hamed Khorsand with BWS Financial. Your line is now open. Hamed Khorsand Good morning, just a few questions theyre. Could you just talk about on tthey back-to-school that you're seeing tthey volume increase for, is that coming in with a higtheyr ASP than what you've usually been accustomed to as far as what your customers are buying or is ttheir low ASP kind of business, is just volume driven kind of revenue? Boris Elisman Thanks Hamed. It's a combination of tthey two. We have raised prices on those products that were affected by inflation and tariffs. So, on those products we are seeing higtheyr ASP, but we also won incremental private label business which is typically more commodity, low ASP business. We haven't, I don't think we've done and nor as Neal of tthey overall portfolio ASP, but I believe it would be a combination of tthey two. Hamed Khorsand And is that commoditized business, is that you’re opting for winning, is that purely just to run, you’re manufacturing at an efficient rate or wtheyre are you going after that business? Boris Elisman It's a profitable business that gives us marginal profit dollars. Good for our shareholders, yes. And that's I've talked about before, we look at that business opportunistically if it's accretive to our bottom line, we would do it, if not we won't do it. It's not strategic for us in nature, but given tthey incremental revenue and profit dollars we can get it wtheyn we want it. Hamed Khorsand Ttheyn on tthey accounts receivable, is ttheyre any credit quality issues theyre or is ttheyre been net terms extensions, if you could just provide some color as far as what tthey increase? Boris Elisman Tthey increase is fundamentally driven by tthey higtheyr sales and so you've also got tthey acquisition of GOBA which makes an impact on tthey AR balance. But, tthey biggest issue is just high sales in tthey second quarter and tthey timing of those sales which as you would understand with back-to-school being a big constituent part, ttheyy happen late in tthey quarter and so ttheyy will just end up on AR at tthey end of tthey quarter. Neal Fenwick And DSO ttheyre is a comparable to last year, so we don't see any kind of incremental risk. Hamed Khorsand And my last question is just on that product warranty comment that you made, is ttheir new products that you had issues with and did you provide some aspect of what tthey impact was and if ttheyre was any manufacturing delays because of ttheir product warranty issue? Boris Elisman Yes. We had some quality issues in Europe on some of our products. So we had some reserves associated with that, tthey products are fairly new that ttheyy were not launctheyd ttheir year, but ttheyre was fairly new subset of alliance. So we're working through that. We think from an impact to tthey end-user standpoint as well as tthey financial reserve standpoint that's all already incorporated in our numbers and beyond that. But it did effect our results especially for EMEA second quarter. Hamed Khorsand Okay, thank you. Neal Fenwick Thanks, Hamed. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of William Reuter with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hi guys, ttheir is Mike on for Bill. Could you talk about tthey potential impact of 25% tariff on tthey list four items? Neal Fenwick So, which one are you talking about, ttheyre's so many of ttheym. Are you talking about tthey [$300 million] one that people are speculating about? Are you talking about tthey one? Unidentified Analyst Yes. Neal Fenwick So, obviously if tariffs are raised on tthey remaining Chinese imports, we would have to pass through those tariffs onto tthey consumer, eittheyr us nor we believe ottheyr manufactures ttheyre can absorb a 25% cost increases is what ttheir would be and we'll have to pass it on. We don’t think that it's likely that ttheyse [$300 million] will be punitive but if ttheyy are, we will pass ttheym on. Unidentified Analyst And ttheyn, is ttheyre any estimation about tthey dollar value of that? Neal Fenwick If you look at tthey tariff impact that is already in place which is roughly tthey same amount, it's on tthey order of $28 million. So, basically you would earn anottheyr $28 million and additional costs if tthey ottheyr [$300] million would come into play and we would have to recoup that $28 million in additional pricing. Boris Elisman Tthey likelihood of it impacting ttheir year though is getting low just given tthey way tthey calendar's working and how long it takes us to be able to implement price increases. So, tthey effect is always at least a quarter out from wtheynever a need incur. Unidentified Analyst Got you, thanks. And lastly, could you talk about what you're seeing in tthey M&A pipeline and how you guys are looking at valuations right now, thanks. Boris Elisman As I commented before, acquisitions are a core part of our strategy, as we try to change tthey profile of our business towards faster growing categories, channels, and geographies, we're very disciplined in our approach. Ttheyre's lot of potential acquisitions out ttheyre, wtheyn disciplined in our approach and we only act if it makes sense from a return invested capital perspective for our shareholders. Beyond that, I can't comment on any specifics. Unidentified Analyst Great, thanks so much. Boris Elisman Thanks, Mike. Operator Thank you. Our next question is coming from tthey line of Hale Holden with Barclays. Your line is now open. Hale Holden Good morning, thanks for taking tthey call. I had two questions. In tthey slide that you called on, enabling independent dealers to increase direct purchases to become more price competitive. I was wondering if you could give us some more color on what you're doing with tthey independent dealers in tthey U.S. and what tthey opportunities that was ttheyre. Boris Elisman Yes. We’ve launctheyd tthey program a few months ago to enable independent dealers to buy directly from us and economic order quantities if ttheyy want to and ttheyrefore ttheyy can avoid tthey wholesaler margin and be more competitive with e-tail. And that program's been very successful, we had a lot of adoption, dealers still have a choice wtheyttheyr ttheyy want to buy through a wholesaler or directly from us and a lot of ttheym make those decisions based on not just pricing but credit availability and some of tthey ottheyr factors warehouse space et cetera. But we have seen a positive uptick on that program. We have more dealers buying direct from us which allows ttheym to compete more effectively with ttheyir competitors. And just as an aside we have a very successful independent dealer initiatives in EMEA wtheyre tthey majority of our sales actually do go directly to independent dealers and not through wholesalers. And as a result, our dealer business and overall business in EMEA is very theyalthy and robust. So, what's happening in North America in a way is mimicking what we've done in EMEA over many, many years. Hale Holden You had also called out good sales flow through to tthey wholesalers or expectations of that and tthey back-to-school. So, I've seen ottheyrs been sort of no blowback to you from that channel. Boris Elisman No. I mean, obviously wholesalers want to have dealers buy directly from ttheym but and our sales with wholesalers has been growing albeit because ttheyy were taking inventories down last year. So, that compares are a little bit easier but no we haven’t seen a lot of blowback from wholesalers on that. Hale Holden Got it. And ttheyn my second question was in Europe, I think that tthey office superstore is pretty small component of what you're selling into it. But we have seen theyadlines earlier in tthey week that one of ttheym was had a factor that was not providing support to ttheym. I was wondering if that was an issue for you guys at all or not. Boris Elisman Yes, tthey environment as in Europe is very different as you said superstores are a very small percent of tthey business in Europe and because that's such a small percent of tthey business in Europe wtheyre effectively can offset some of tthey theyadwinds that we've seen from ttheym over tthey last several years with growth through ottheyr channels. So yes, we're aware of all tthey happenings in Europe. We don’t think it's going to have a material effect on our business ttheyre. Hale Holden Great, thank you so much. I appreciate it. Boris Elisman Thank you, Hale. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Karru Martinson with Jefferies. Your line is now open. Karru Martinson Just following-up on tthey wholesalers. Has ttheyre been any change really with tthey Essendant being integrated with or being assumed by Staples parent? Boris Elisman We haven’t seen tthey effects of that combination yet in our business. We anticipate obviously that something will happen but we have not seen it yet. Karru Martinson Okay. And just with Staples, as ttheyy're launching private label a number of brands, how does that change tthey aspects. Is private label still kind of tthey category entry point that you always thought it was or has that changed? Boris Elisman No, nothing is really changed, I mean Staples has had private labels for many, many years. Ttheyy just now branded itself something different than staples but tthey strategy is not that much different? So, we don’t think it's going to have any different impact that it has had over tthey last many years in our business. Karru Martinson Okay. And just lastly, in terms of freight and shipping, kind of what's tthey outlook ttheyre? Boris Elisman You just say Karru, freight and shipping? Karru Martinson Exactly. Boris Elisman We have seen rates rise and as a continuation of what we saw last year in tthey second half, similar issues in terms of shortage of truckers and digital metering et cetera. So, ttheyy are still at tthey elevated levels but not tthey increasing of tthey same rate that we saw last year but ttheyy certainly are not going down. Karru Martinson Okay. Thank you very much, guys. I appreciate it. Boris Elisman Thank you, Karru. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Joe Gomes with NOBLE Capital. Your line is now open. Joe Gomes Thanks, and good morning guys. Boris Elisman Good morning, Joe. Joe Gomes Most of my questions have already been asked but one of tthey things you mentioned was that you're looking at doing some more in-sourcing to your existing plans. I wonder if you could give us a little more color on that and how much can you do, what type of products are you pulling back, anything in ttheyre would be appreciated. Neal Fenwick Sure. So, if you look at tariffs effect different categories unevenly. Ttheyy're causing us to actually outsource in some categories because it's ctheyaper to buy finittheyyd product than to import raw materials which are effected by tariffs and ttheyn build it in our factories. On tthey ottheyr hand and category like Binders, it's now more effective to manufacture ttheym in our facilities than to import finittheyyd goods from Asia, from China. So, Binder specifically will look into in-source more but on some of tthey categories like glass boards, we're actually manufacturing less and bringing more from Asia. Joe Gomes Okay, great. And ttheyn, and also could you give us an impact last year that we talked a little bit about Wall Calendar placements. I was wondering if going in to ttheir period did it, wtheyttheyr you we regained that those placements or not? Neal Fenwick Yes. We've seen tthey loss placement’s anniversary in Q1 of ttheir year. It didn’t really have an effect on our Q2 sales and we're hoping for incremental placement and incremental share in tthey Q3 and Q4 timeframe. So, tthey negative effects are behind us and we're hoping for positive effects in tthey second half of tthey year. Joe Gomes Okay, great. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thank you, Joe. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's question and answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Boris Elisman, Chairman, President & CEO for closing remarks. Boris Elisman Thank you, Jerry. In closing, we're very pleased with tthey business is performing well in tthey first half driven by North America’s strong back-to-school business and GOBA acquisition. We remain confident about our future, we continue to position tthey company for growth and strong returns for our shareholders. I look forward to speaking with you again after report our third quarter earnings in a couple of months. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect.