ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call April 28, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Patrick Hanneman - Senior Director of Investor Relations Boris Elisman - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Neal Fenwick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Chris McGinnis - Sidoti & Company Joe Gomes - Nobel Capital  Kevin Steinke - Barrington Research Hale Holden - Barclays William Reuter - Bank of America Brad Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Karru Martinson - Jefferies Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial Carla Casella - JPMorgan Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey First Quarter 2021 ACCO Brands Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker's presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Patrick Hanneman, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go atheyad. Patrick Hanneman Good morning. Ttheir is Patrick Hanneman, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Welcome to ACCO Brands first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Speaking on tthey call today are Boris Elisman, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACCO Brands Corporation; and Neal Fenwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides that accompany ttheir call have been posted to tthey Investor Relations section of accobrands.com. Wtheyn speaking about our results, we may refer to adjusted results. Adjusted results exclude transaction, integration, amortization and restructuring costs and ottheyr nonrecurring items and reflect an adjusted tax rate. Sctheydules of adjusted results and ottheyr non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of ttheyse measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are in tthey earnings release and slides that accompany ttheir call. Due to tthey intheyrent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts, we do not reconcile our forward-looking non-GAAP measures. Beginning with tthey first quarter we changed tthey way we calculate and report adjusted non-GAAP results by excluding non-cash amortization of intangible assets. Please see our press release for furttheyr explaining of ttheir change. Forward-looking statements made during tthey call, including statements concerning tthey impacts of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on tthey company, are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of management based on information available to us at tthey time tthey statements are made. Our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and our actual results could differ materially. Please refer to our earnings release and SEC filings for an explanation of certain of ttheyse risk factors and assumptions. Our forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we assume no obligation to update ttheym going forward. Following our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session. Now I will turn tthey call over to Boris Elisman. Boris Elisman Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I will spend tthey next few minutes highlighting key elements of our first quarter performance. Neal will follow me with more details on tthey quarter and provide additional comments on our bond and bank debt refinancing. Ttheyn, we'll take your questions. Overall, I'm very pleased with our first-quarter results and in particular, tthey performance of PowerA and tthey continued strength in EMEA. Tthey 7% total company sales growth we performed better than we expected, despite comparing a COVID-19 affected quarter against a mostly pre-COVID-19 quarter, last year. Even more impressive, our sales were 4% above our sales in tthey first quarter of 2019. First-quarter profits were also better than our expectations. We have been seeing a recovery in EMEA for tthey past three quarters, as offices have been reopening and many schools never fully closed. Our team did a great job servicing customers, investing in growth initiatives, reorienting toward at-home products, and taking market share. In tthey first quarter, comparable sales in EMEA were up 7% with good organic growth from TruSens air purifiers, do-it-yourself tools, Kensington computer accessories, tthey [indiscernible] and Cosy ranges of organizational products, Leitz shredders, and Derwent art supplies. We're proud to say that three of our Leitz products won Red Dot Design Awards. Several of tthey Cosy line of home-office items, our premium shredders, which are stylish and quiet, and are designed for home use and our functional, recycle line of office products in which every product is made with recycled materials. EMEA's sales to e-tailers were up over 80%, and we also saw good sales growth with many independents and tech specialists. North America also had a good quarter, driven by PowerA. Excluding PowerA, sales declined because of tthey impact of COVID-19, but we began to see improvement in March, our sales grew with many retail and e-commerce customers. Ttheir is a good sign that ttheyre is more demand now for school supplies as close to 60% of K-12 schools in tthey U.S. have returned to fully in-person education, and anottheyr 30% are using a hybrid approach. Many schools have also indicated ttheyy will have an earlier start to tthey fall semester. Ttheir change should bode well for tthey second half as our customers work through ttheyir inventory overhang from 2020. We have adequate inventory on hand to be able to rapidly replenish tthey stock as needed. Turning to tthey International segment, Australia, New Zealand, and Asia have been performing better, but it will take a while for tthey entire segment to improve, given continuing school and office closures and a slow vaccination rollout in Latin America. We hope to see tthey beginning of a recovery in Latin America, later in tthey second half and into 2022. We're confident in our strategy. We'll continue to focus on improving sales growth and profitability by shifting our business toward more consumer-centric products. Our growth will come from acquisitions such as PowerA, which I will comment on in a few minutes, and from organic sales generation. Our products that are focused on consumers, technology, or home usage saw a strong demand throughout 2020 and in tthey first quarter. TruSens air purifiers, do-it-yourself tools, organization and storage products for home-office use, Kensington computer accessories, Derwent art supplies, and manual home shredders, all sold well as people outfitted ttheyir home-offices, entertained ttheymselves at home, and remained concerned about wellness. We expect ttheir will remain true in 2021 and believe solid performance from ttheir product lines will continue. For example, our TruSens product line has grown from an introduction in 2019 to $25 million business, currently. Late last year, we introduced smart air purifiers and we have some additional product introductions on tap for later ttheir year, and in 2022. While competition has increased, over time we think tthey wellness category will be one in which we can establish a significant position. Last year, our Kensington computer accessories business received tthey largest order we have ever had. That means a difficult comparison ttheir year in some quarters. However, excluding that order, tthey core business is expected to grow strongly as we will continue to introduce new, innovative products. As an example, in tthey first quarter, Kensington introduced tthey StudioDock for tthey Apple iPad Pro and iPad Air. iPad tablets can be magnetically attactheyd to tthey docking station in eittheyr portrait or landscape modes, and through tthey dock, connect to a host of periptheyrals and charging options. A strong testament to our efforts is that tthey Kensington StudioDock won at CES Innovation Award, as well as a Red Dot Design Award during tthey first quarter. Turning now to PowerA. For those of you who may not know, PowerA is a leading player in video gaming accessories such as controllers, power charging stations, and theyadphones, that we bought in late December 2020. I am very pleased with PowerA's results and how smoothly tthey integration is going. Ttheyre seems to be a particularly good fit on tthey people side, with everyone meshing in terms of culture, and with everyone focused on supporting tthey transition, and PowerA's growth. Tthey gaming market continues to exhibit strong growth trends. Market Intelligence Report forecast that between 2021 and 2026, tthey gaming console industry is expected to grow approximately 18% per year. Tthey amount of time spent by consumers on gaming is increasing, with tthey global average now over seven hours a week. Morgan Stanley estimates that mobile gaming users grew 20% in 2020, adding approximately four years worth of new gamers during tthey pandemic. Most analysts believe ttheir is a permanent shift. Moreover, in tthey fourth quarter of last year, Sony and Microsoft launctheyd new generation console products, which are still popular bt ttheyy are having difficulty keeping up with tthey demand for controllers. So PowerA is filling that void. PowerA's first-quarter performance was exceptionally strong, with an increase of more than 100% on its pro forma 2020 sales. While we don't expect that rate of growth to continue, we expect strong sales for tthey rest of tthey year. In fact, we now think PowerA's sales will grow 25% ttheir year rattheyr than tthey 15% we initially projected. Anottheyr element of our overall strategy is to continue to shift our product sales through our growing channels such as E-tail, mass merchants, and direct-to-consumer platforms while maintaining our presence with successful independents and tech specialists. Ttheir shift has resulted in more growth of customers such as Walmart, Target, and Amazon, which are among our top five customers, and performed well throughout tthey pandemic. Also aligned with tthey shift, consumer school and technology categories now represent 59% of our sales and are tthey fastest-growing parts in our portfolio. Moving on, our productivity program is back to normal levels after accelerated cost reduction stake in last year due to tthey pandemic. We have reinstated merit increases and bonus opportunities, so our SG&A expenses will normalize ttheir year. Still, our full-year productivity savings for tthey year, I expect it to be over $30 million. Our free cash flow for ttheir year is expected to be at least $135 million. We intend to use tthey cash to payout dividend and to reduce our debt. We will comment furttheyr on ttheir a bit later. In summary, our business benefits from tthey breadth and balance of our geographic and product portfolio. We're not dependent on any one area for success and have done a good job, partially offsetting channel, customer, and product line declines, with growth elsewtheyre. I'm proud of tthey way we have adapted quickly to take advantage of tthey changing environment. We're assuming a shift in consumer behavior post-pandemic and a change in our product and channel investments as a result. Ttheir includes making larger investments in growth areas such as video gaming accessories, wellness products, work, learn, or play-from-home products, and computer accessories while reducing our investments in some commercial office products that we expect will remain weak longer-term such as wide-format laminators and large whiteboards, although we expect some post-pandemic recovery. We will emerge from tthey pandemic as a strong, growing, financially sound Company that is ready to aggressively pursue tthey opportunities atheyad. Now, I will turn tthey call over to Neal for a review of tthey segments, our outlook, and ottheyr financial commentary, and ttheyn I'll join them in answering your questions. Neal? Neal Fenwick Thank you, Boris. Good morning, everyone. As Boris mentioned, we saw tthey initial impact of COVID-19 hit our EMEA business minimally only in late March last year. So, ttheir is tthey last quarter of comparing a COVID impacted quarter against one that wasn't impacted very much. Our first-quarter sales rose 7% as a result of tthey PowerA acquisition. Comparable sales declined approximately 13%. PowerA's sales were much stronger than we expected, coming in at $63 million, mostly in tthey North American segment, and ttheir compared with pre-acquisition sales, last year, of approximately $31 million. We also continued to see strong sales growth in product lines that focus on work and play-from-home, such as our Kensington computer accessories, TruSens air purifiers, do-it-yourself, and are supplies. Sales to commercial channels remained weak and drove most of tthey comparable sales decline. Compared to 2020 and excluding PowerA, sales to commercial and B2B customers declined 18%, and retail and mass sales were down 7%. On tthey ottheyr hand, e-commerce sales rose 28%, while sales through tech-specialist channels rose 6%. First-quarter adjusted net income was $10 million or $0.10 per share versus $13 million or $0.14 per share last year. Tthey year-over-year decline was mainly tthey result of lower volume in North America and International, higtheyr incentive accruals and logistics expense, and higtheyr interest expense associated with tthey acquisition, that is benefiting EPS for our cost reduction efforts and better profits in EMEA. Our reported profit was also negatively impacted by $14 million of ottheyr expense related to tthey bond and bank debt refinancing, and $7 million due to tthey earn-out portion of tthey PowerA purchase price. In addition, we had $4 million in restructuring charges, $1 million of pension curtailment charges, and $4 million increase in amortization charges, and $2 million inventory step up that are acquisition-related. You may recall, though tthey PowerA earn-out is payable in two equal installments over tthey next two years if certain sales and profit targets are met. As such, every quarter, we must reflect tthey fair value of tthey earn-out and recognize any change as an expense in our income statement. We expect that ttheir will result in [Indeciptheyrable] charges throughout tthey two-year earn-out period as we forecast strong results for PowerA. Ttheir quarter we booked a $7 million expense, which along with tthey higtheyr charges previously noted, resulted in a small reported operating loss for tthey total Company. Our gross margin was approximately 28% compared with 29% in 2020. Tthey adjusted gross margin was down 50 basis points versus last year, much less than tthey margin pressure we experienced in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey main driver with tthey cost increases that are impacting our logistics expense, ocean freight and domestic freight, and some inflation in our input and purchase costs. On tthey positive side, low-cost savings, lower obsolete inventory charges, foreign exchange, and PowerA's accretive margins. SG&A expenses were $94 million compared with $86 million, last year, primarily because of $8 million of higtheyr incentive accruals, and $5 million of PowerA expense, which were partially offset by cost reduction efforts. You may recall that last year we eliminated almost all incentive accruals in tthey first quarter due to tthey pandemic. SG&A as a percent of sales was approximately 23%, roughly flat with last year because we were able to leverage PowerA against our core business expenses and largely offset tthey lower sales in tthey rest of our business. Adjusted operating income was approximately $25 million compared with $26 million, last year, primarily due to PowerA's contribution largely offsetting tthey declines in tthey rest of tthey business. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 6% versus 7% last year. Our adjusted tax rate for tthey quarter was 29.1%. Now, let's turn to some details of our segment results. Comparable net sales in North America decreased to 19% to $136 million. Some of tthey decline is because tthey first quarter of 2020 benefited from almost $6 million of pre-buying in advance of our IT system conversion, go live last April, as well as some channel inventory build because of COVID concerns. Lower commercial channel sales continue to impact North America as many offices remain closed or had limited openings. As Boris mentioned, we are encouraged to see more schools reopening for in-person learning. Ttheir is theylping to absorb some of our customers' inventory overhang from last season. We're likely to see less than our usual amount of back-to-school sell-in during tthey second quarter as last year's sell-in was strong. We expect our major customers will continue to work through tthey inventory ttheyy purchased last year but did not sell because of school closures. We are well prepared to service ttheym with our branded products in tthey second half as may need replenishment. For tthey overall North America business, we anticipate a sales increase in tthey second quarter. First quarter adjusted operating income was $11 million, up slightly from last year. Adjusted operating margin was 6% compared with 6.5% last year. Tthey margin decline primarily was a result of lower sales in our business, excluding PowerA. Also, as previously mentioned, we experienced higtheyr costs, particularly related to logistics that impacted tthey margin, even with a partial offset from cost reductions. Now, let's turn to EMEA. For tthey quarter, EMEA comparable net sales increased 7% to $136 million. Reductions in commercial sales were partially offset by growth and TruSens air purifiers, do-it-yourself tools, Kensington computer accessories, our new line of work-from-home storage and organization products, and Leitz's personal shredders togettheyr with Derwent art supplies. PowerA contributed $9 million to EMEA sales. Ttheir is tthey third consecutive quarter that we are seeing sequential improvement in EMEA and ttheir quarter showed strong year-over-year growth, even though last year's first quarter had just two weeks of COVID impact. EMEA posted an adjusted operating profit of $21 million versus $15 million in 2020, primarily due to higtheyr sales which offset some gross margin pressure from increased logistics expense, and also higtheyr incentive costs. Adjusted operating margin was approximately 14% versus 12%, last year. We expect EMEA to continue to perform well during tthey second quarter. Moving to tthey International segment. Comparable sales declined significantly because of lower demand from tthey impact of COVID-19. While all markets declined, Australia and Asia sales trends continue to improve, sequentially, both down only 5%. However, Brazil and Mexico continue to be severely impacted by COVID-19 with sales down more than 50% as many schools and offices in both countries remain closed. Tthey current expectation is that ttheir situation will continue for tthey next several months. International adjusted operating income was $3 million compared with $8 million, last year, primarily as a result of tthey lower sales, which also reduced fixed cost absorption due to low volume. Bad debt reserves in Latin America remained high, but in total, only increased $700,000 versus last year. Collections improved in Brazil but were worse in Mexico. Let's move now to our balance ttheyyet and cash flow. In tthey first quarter, we had $42 million of cash outflow from operations and tthey use of free cash flow of $46 million, which includes $4 million of CapEx. As expected, $28 million was used by PowerA for rebuilding working capital after tthey acquisition closed, since we did not purchase ttheyir receivables or payables in tthey transaction, and tthey business has also grown organically. If you exclude PowerA, our use of cash was lower ttheir year than last year by $14 million. CapEx in tthey first quarter was $4 million and we paid $6 million in dividends. Our CapEx outlook for 2021 is approximately $30 million, including $5 million related to PowerA. As we noted wtheyn we acquired PowerA and increased our debt, in tthey near term, we plan to use our cash to fund our dividend and to reduce debt. Longer-term, we plan to use our free cash flow to fund our dividend, reduce debt, reduce -- repurchase shares, and make acquisitions. During tthey quarter, we refinanced our bond and bank debt. Tthey company issued $575 million of eight-year bonds at 4.25%. We also amended our bank agreement to lock in more favorable pricing and extend our maturity to March 2026. Tthey refinancing will save $5 million in interest expense for tthey balance of ttheir year. It also appropriately funds tthey PowerA acquisition with a better balance of long and short-term debt. At tthey end of tthey quarter, we had $219 million outstanding on our $600 million revolving credit facility and had $75 million cash-on-hand. Our bank pro forma net leverage ratio was 4.5 times, which is in line with wtheyre we expected it to be after tthey purchase of PowerA. Even with seasonal borrowings in tthey second quarter, we anticipate our leverage ratio to be approximately tthey same. We will use tthey majority of our free cash flow ttheir year to reduce debt and with continued improvement in EBITDA as we saw ttheir quarter, and lower debt, we should reduce our year-end leverage ratio to approximately 3.5 times, which is wtheyre it was prior to purchasing PowerA. Given our financial strength and tthey proactive steps we've taken to reduce costs, we expect to be able to maintain good liquidity as we manage through tthey current environment. Now, let's turn to our outlook. It continues to be difficult to forecast longer-term in ttheir environment because ttheyre is still much uncertainty due to COVID-19. We are hopeful that as mass vaccinations continue to roll out, we will see reduced impacts from COVID, particularly in tthey second half of ttheir year and continuing through 2022. For tthey second quarter, we anticipate anottheyr strong performance by PowerA and tthey rest of our business will have easier comparisons. We are looking for organic growth in all three segments as we expect tthey recovery to continue. Our second quarter outlook for tthey entire Company is for sales to be between $460 million to $490 million, with PowerA contributing between $50 million to $60 million. Second-quarter adjusted earnings per share, excluding amortization are expected to be in tthey range of 25% to 30%. Tthey outlook includes a favorable foreign exchange impact of 5% on sales and $0.01 to $0.02 on adjusted EPS. We anticipate approximately $12 million of pre-tax intangible amortization will be excluded in tthey second quarter, based on our new definition of adjusted earnings, which represents approximately $0.09 on our adjusted EPS basis. We have reinstated tthey compensation and benefit reductions we took in 2020. We are also planning to invest more in growth initiatives to support an anticipated stronger second-half demand. As such, our SG&A spending will increase in 2021 in all quarters compared with 2020. We expect our productivity programs will deliver a more normal level of approximately $30 million-plus in savings for tthey full year. With respect to our cash flow outlook, we feel confident that we can generate at least $165 million of operating cash flow for tthey full year, and with CapEx expected to be approximately $30 million, we expect to generate at least $135 million of free cash flow. As I mentioned earlier, PowerA will not contribute a normal level of free cash flow in 2021 due to tthey structure of tthey acquisition agreement. In late December, we acquired PowerA without normal levels of accounts receivable and payable. We received an $18 million purchase price adjustment from tthey seller to account for tthey absence of working capital delivered at closing. But we also need to fund PowerA through both its seasonal peak in December and its substantial growth ttheir year. Thus, we anticipate minimal, if any, free cash flow impact from PowerA in 2021. PowerA working capital will be normalized in 2022 wtheyn we expect an incremental $25 million to $30 million in free cash flow contribution. Now, let's move on to Q&A, wtheyre Boris and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from tthey line of Chris McGinnis with Sidoti and Company. Chris McGinnis Hey. Good morning, Boris, Neal, Patrick. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a good quarter. Can we just start with tthey strength of PowerA? Obviously up 100%. Can you just talk about, is that really just driven from tthey new consoles, and ttheyn maybe, can you break down tthey growth between North America and EMEA, and how is tthey EMEA integration going? Thanks. Boris Elisman Thanks, Chris, thanks for tthey question. PowerA growth is driven by multiple factors. Ttheyre is tthey overall growth in gaming and that's been accelerated by tthey introduction of new consoles released last year from Microsoft and Sony. So, that's part of it. Tthey second part of it is just supply availability, chip availability. PowerA has done a great job managing ttheyir supply chain, so we have decent product availability and are able to deliver to our customers wtheyn some of our competitors, and including first-tier suppliers such as Sony and Microsoft, can't deliver to all of tthey demand. And rattheyr, tthey third primary reason, tthey team in PowerA has done a great job servicing customers and taking share and increasing ttheyir lead. So for all those multiple reasons we saw tremendous growth of slightly over 100% during tthey quarter. Tthey integration of PowerA is going well. We are in tthey midst of it right now. Tthey plan is to transition from tthey services agreement with tthey seller by tthey end of tthey third quarter and be completely on our systems, and ttheyn we could get exclusively focused on furttheyr growth. Did I answer all your questions, Chris? Chris McGinnis Yes. I guess, just one more on that, just tthey growth in North America and EMEA, were ttheyy 100% or can you just maybe break that, I don't know if you can provide that [indiscernible]? Boris Elisman Yes, look, I don't have that detail with me. PowerA's business is 80% in North America. So, North America's definitely driven tthey majority of tthey growth. Although, EMEA has done well, it's a relatively small number. Chris McGinnis I appreciate it. I'll jump back in tthey queue. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Chris. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Joe Gomes with Nobel Capital. Joe Gomes Good morning, Boris and Neal. Congratulations on tthey quarter, and again, thanks for taking my question. Boris Elisman Good morning, Joe. Joe Gomes So, I kind of wanted to follow up a little bit theyre on PowerA. You gave some guidance of increasing tthey expectation from 15% growth to 25% growth, but I mean if we look at what you just projected, Neal, you said for tthey fourth quarter of $50 million to $60 million, if you hit tthey top end of that, ttheyn you really are already at that 25% growth level, and 65% of PowerA sales are in tthey second half of tthey year. Are we just taking a more conservative stance theyre on PowerA growth or is ttheyre something else ttheyre that would kind of prevent you from putting out even a greater expectation for PowerA revenues for ttheir year? Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Joe. So, ttheyre is nothing artificial in that number. Tthey -- we certainly will strive to exceed it, obviously. We'll do as much as we can. Tthey only thing you have to keep in mind is a couple of things. Tthey compares will get much more difficult in tthey second half because ttheyre was significant growth last year due to people staying at home and gaming more. So that's one factor to consider. And tthey ottheyr factor to consider is supply. Ttheyre may be a lot more demand out ttheyre, but that just can't be fulfilled because of tthey long lead times associated with supply. So, I think your math is largely correct. I think we are assuming some kind of supply constraints for tthey second half and ttheyre is a lot of uncertainty with what's going to happen in tthey second half. But if we are optimistic, ttheyn maybe, we'll do a little better. Joe Gomes Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Joe. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Kevin Steinke with Barrington Research. Kevin Steinke Good morning. Boris Elisman Good morning, Kevin Kevin Steinke Yes. So, obviously, you talked about commercial office sales in North America continuing to be weak, but also 60% of US schools, ttheyy're now fully reopened. And I think in tthey past, you've tied kind of reopening of schools to maybe some eventual return to tthey office. So, I'm just wondering if ttheyre are any glimmers of recovery or hope in tthey commercial office sales in North America? Boris Elisman Ttheyre certainly are glimmers of hope of recovery. We are definitely theyaring a lot more companies sctheyduling dates for returns back to offices. We think a lot of companies will go back in tthey summer and early fall timeframe. And it will be enabled by schools being fully in-person as well. So, we think ttheyre is a recovery atheyad of us. We think ttheyre is a -- definitely a sales upside atheyad of us as things continue and [Indeciptheyrable] going to revert back or [Indeciptheyrable] take hold. But based on everything we're seeing in tthey marketplace and theyaring from our customers, we do think that North America -- US especially, you know, Canada has some slightly different issues, but US, especially, is poised to go back to tthey office is a lot more [Indeciptheyrable] currently. And well, we do anticipate it's going to be a hybrid kind of arrangement. But certainly, we do expect more offices to be in-person than ttheyy are today. Kevin Steinke Okay, thanks. That's theylpful. Thanks for taking tthey question. Neal Fenwick Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Kevin. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Hale Holden with Barclays. Hale Holden Good morning. I had two quick ones. Neal, I was wondering, given tthey growth in PowerA, if you are wtheyre you need to be for working capital or if ttheyre is furttheyr investment in tthey current quarter expected? Neal Fenwick Quick answer to that one, Hale, is: it's a seasonal business and so its strongest sales are in Q4, and ttheyrefore, as it seasonally grows in tthey year, we're going to see an increase in working capital. We were also doing our best to bring up our inventory levels of some of ttheyir products because of tthey chip issues that we're seeing in tthey supply chain. And so, for both reasons, we are quite happy to invest in PowerA's working capital. Hale Holden And that actually is my second question is that you alluded to tthey chip issues that maybe some of your competitors were having, and I was wondering if ttheyre is any risk to your sourcing ttheyre? Neal Fenwick It's why we've been modest about projecting too much growth in tthey second half for PowerA because of our end supply questions, and obviously, we expect to improve, our forecast will improve. Hale Holden Great, thank you very much. Boris Elisman Thanks, Hale. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of William Reuter with Bank of America. William Reuter Good morning. My questions are, I guess, kind of two-part question on raw material inflation, as well as shipping inflation. So, I guess, do you have an estimate of tthey aggregate dollar impact of inflation across input costs as well as shipping? And ttheyn, how much of that's going to impact ttheir year versus maybe some of it being delayed due to some theydging or for purchases contracting, switching, etc? Thanks. Neal Fenwick Yes. So, I think two different things. One, we're seeing live tthey shipping impacts. We saw that in Q1. And from a purchasing point of view, I think that's going to be a much bigger story from tthey rising costs that we're seeing for raw materials. To tthey point you mentioned, we do have contracts with building time delays and we have inventory that builds in recognition delays. And so, for both reasons, what we're going to see is an increasing impact of those costs on our business as tthey year runs on. And that's quite necessary for us to raise prices in tthey market to offset. And [Speech Overlap] you know, basic commodities, ttheyy are up significantly. William Reuter Yes. I guess, just on that point, I guess, do you expect that tthey second quarter is going to see much of that or really will we see tthey impacts of those in tthey third quarter and beyond? Neal Fenwick No, we're going to start to see cost impacts hit tthey P&L in tthey second quarter, and ttheyn, much more so in tthey third quarter and beyond. William Reuter Great. I'll pass it to ottheyrs. Thank you. Boris Elisman And just to follow up on that a little bit, Bill. As Neal mentioned, we have raised prices in April in tthey US to offset that increased inflation. And we're going to be doing some of that in ottheyr countries. And also as Neal insinuated, as we go into tthey second half, we'll also be looking at that and if inflation continues to be high, we'll be raising prices again in tthey second half to offset tthey impact of inflation. William Reuter Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Bill. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital. Brad Thomas Hi. Good morning, Neal and Boris. I got on a little bit late, so I apologize if you covered some of ttheir, but I first want to touch on back-to-school and see if you could give -- so a little bit more color on how you were thinking about tthey split between 2Q and 3Q, and how you're thinking about that unfolding in tthey US ttheir year? Boris Elisman Sure. So let me start. We're very optimistic about back-to-school, being 100% in-person, in tthey US. Ttheyre was some uncertainty earlier in tthey year about how exactly it's going to break, but consensus is emerging and we're seeing that today we've 60% of tthey schools already being fully in-person. That come August, July, even wtheyn some schools start to go back-to-school, we feel very good that ttheyre'll be at 100% in-person. With that said, given with that back-to-school, buy orders are made pretty early in tthey season just given tthey length of tthey supply chain, and given tthey situation last year with -- wtheyre ttheyy had pretty poor back-to-school. And most retailers were conservative in ttheyir upfront purchases. And ttheyn we will chase supply wtheyn demand materializes early. We had a very good back-to-school sell-in last year. If you remember, North American sales were quite strong in Q2 of last year. So we think that from a relative standpoint sales will be -- sales in tthey end will be weaker than ttheyy would have been ottheyrwise just because of tthey more conservative position that tthey customers are taking, plus some inventory overhang that someone will have from last year. So, we think ttheyre'll be some shift from Q2 probably to Q3. And ttheyre'll be more replenishment in Q3 and certainly that we saw last year, but probably, also that we will traditionally see. With all of that, we expect tthey sell-up to be up significantly. Tthey industry estimates are anywtheyre from 5% to 25% higtheyr than last year. And also, as Neal mentioned, despite some of ttheyse shifts, we do expect growth in North American sales in Q2 versus prior year. Brad Thomas That's very theylpful, Boris. Thank you. And if I could add a follow-up on PowerA, certainly, a very exciting new product to bear business. Could you just give us, you know, what's your latest thoughts on how you're thinking about tthey medium-term, perhaps two-year to three-year revenue opportunity from PowerA? And how you think about tthey long-term opportunity for PowerA? Boris Elisman Well, ttheir year, we said, we expect roughly 25% growth from PowerA. If you look at tthey forecasts from industry analysts, ttheyy project a 18% sales growth over tthey next few years for tthey gaming industry. So, I don't think it's unreasonable for us to expect that we will grow in tthey medium term, at least with tthey market. And from a inorganic standpoint, as we mentioned, over tthey last couple of quarters, we also think that that gives us a new leg for a potential inorganic growth as well. So, we think it's an exciting and important segment for us. We're happy to invest in it and hopefully, looking to continue to grow at tthey rates that we've been seeing. Neal Fenwick Yes, and also in tthey longer term, we do see geographic expansion is a big piece that we can add to that on top of tthey industry growth. Brad Thomas Wonderful. Thank you so much. Boris Elisman Thanks, Brad. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Karru Martinson with Jefferies. Karru Martinson Good morning. Just following up on that. In terms of tthey new leg to invest in, wtheyre are you comfortable on your leverage? Or do you have to get down back to that 3.5 by -- by year-end to fund tthey investments, or how are you thinking about that? Boris Elisman To do something major, Karru, we would have to get down to that 3.5 times, at least, or lower. But we are comfortable doing small tuck-ins at tthey current level as long as ttheyy are strategically aligned and financially very prudent. And wtheyn I say small tuck-ins, I'm talking about $10 million or less. But, for a major investment of $50 million or more, we'd like to get to 3.5 times net leverage ratio. Karru Martinson Okay. And you guys referenced funding some growth initiatives for tthey second half, I was wondering is ttheyre any more color in terms of tthey size [Technical Issues] of those investments, and what ttheyy're going behind, ottheyr than tthey PowerA supply issue concerns? Boris Elisman Yes, most of ttheym will be our new product development and demand generation to support our growth. And tthey product development will be in tthey work-from-home, video gaming, computer accessories, art supplies, wellness, all of tthey areas that we are seeing strong demand in. And demand generation will be in tthey near term to support those but also support back-to-school in North America. So that's wtheyre tthey investments are going to go in. Karru Martinson Thank you very much, guys. Appreciate it. Boris Elisman Thanks, Karru. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Hamed Khorsand with BWS Financial. Hamed Khorsand Hey, good morning. So I just wanted to ask about back-to-school. Are you seeing any changes in tthey purchasing habits on tthey regional side as ttheyse schools are going back into tthey session? And what are your expectations on gross margin as you start to scale up and you go back to normalcy with back-to-school purchasing? Boris Elisman Hamed, it's difficult for us to say because right now, tthey increased demand from end-users will be in primarily service by tthey inventory that tthey customers already have. So, we haven't seen a significant replenishment cycle yet. That's still to come. So, it's difficult for me to give you any additional color on a regional basis. Beyond that, overall, we are seeing sell-through up for pretty much all of our customers in tthey US. And what was your second question, I'm sorry? Neal Fenwick [Indiscernible] Margin, gross margin. Hamed Khorsand It was gross margin. Boris Elisman Yes, it's also a tough question to comment on, because certainly with scale, we would expect an expansion in gross margin, plus we think some of tthey -- hourly [ph] absolute inventory accruals will be released as well as volume goes up. But on tthey ottheyr hand, we are seeing increased inflation, raw materials inflation, and we are seeing -- continuing to see logistics and freight inflation. So, how will those things offset each ottheyr? It's difficult for us to give you additional color on until we see a little bit more in tthey quarter. Hamed Khorsand Okay. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Hamed. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Carla Casella with JPMorgan. Carla Casella I'm wondering on tthey M&A front, if you're seeing any more opportunities out ttheyre as we come out of tthey pandemic? And ttheyn, if your success in PowerA has made your -- made you change tthey view for -- you might be interested on tthey M&A front more be it more tax versus tthey traditional business? Boris Elisman Yes, thanks for tthey question. Ttheyre certainly is no shortage of M&A opportunities in tthey whole thing. As we've mentioned over tthey last few earnings calls, ttheyre's lots of things in play ttheyre, both because tthey pandemic has squeezed some players strategically, but also because tthey valuations ttheyre are relatively high. So, people want to monetize tthey opportunity. We have always thought that [indiscernible] agency would be interested -- interesting for us. We've looked at that for a while. Overall, our strategy doesn't change. It has to make sense strategically for tthey company in terms of distribution, brands, value add, etc. What else has to make a financial sense from an -- accretion for our shareholders. So, our strategy hasn't changed. As I mentioned in my previous answer, to do something big we have to deliver as well. We have plenty of work on our hand ttheir year to drive organic growth in tthey business. We think we have lots of opportunity, but we are definitely open to ottheyr acquisitions if both strategic and financial criteria are met. And we have tthey balance ttheyyet to do it. Carla Casella Great. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks so much. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from tthey line of Joe Gomes with Nobel Capital. Joe Gomes Thanks for taking tthey follow-up. Most of my questions have been answered. But, Boris, maybe you can give us a little bit more insight in some of tthey new product introductions that you're thinking about theyre or looking at? I know, previously you talked about humidifiers as a potential area of interest. Maybe you could expand a little bit more on that? Thank you. Boris Elisman Sure. In tthey wellness area, we're definitely looking to expand of tthey line. You mentioned that previously we talked about entering tthey humidifier space, that's definitely something we're looking at. We're also looking at more of a commercial delayed air purifiers. Today, our products are largely focused on tthey consumer space and tthey home space, but we think that ttheyre is a sustained need for air purification in tthey office environments as well, and small businesses, given tthey pandemic, and just tthey sensitivity to those topics. That's one big area of investment. Work-from-home products is anottheyr big area of investment. We think that tthey world will not go back to tthey pre-pandemic way of working. We think that because as people return, ttheyy will return largely to a hybrid type of situation with people working in tthey offices a few days a week and working from home a few days a week. So, we think ttheyre will be sustained need for work-at-home products. And that includes investments in additional docking solutions, both for traditional PCs as well as for Apple ecosystem, including iPads. Certainly, investments -- continued investments in PowerA and video gaming, and expanding that line. Neal mentioned for international expansion for mobile gaming in theyadsets, and to support ottheyr console introduction. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr big area for work-from-home is manual shredding. We think ttheyre's a huge opportunity ttheyre to introduce value products that actually work and don't break after a few months and also a line of storage products and organizational products for home. We mentioned tthey [indiscernible] and Cosy range that we introduced in EMEA, which is a big hit. And I think ttheyre's an opportunity to introduce that on a global basis. So, ttheyre's really not a shortage of ideas for us to invest in tthey product development. We think we have a great roadmap and I look forward to bringing those to our consumers. Joe Gomes Thank you, Boris. Boris Elisman Thanks, Joe. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I will turn tthey call over to Boris Elisman for closing remarks. Boris Elisman Thanks, Natalia. Thank you for your interest in ACCO Brands. To summarize, we're optimistic of our continued recovery throughout tthey rest of 2021. We're also very pleased with tthey performance of PowerA and EMEA and expect growth in both to continue. We remain confident about our future and our ability to continue to position tthey Company for growth, and improving returns for our shareholders. Have a great day and we'll talk to you next time. Thanks. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey first quarter 2021 ACCO Brands earnings call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.