ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 2, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Lawrence Rice - VP, IR Boris Elisman - Chairman, President & CEO Neal Fenwick - EVP & CFO Conference Call Participants William Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial William Reuter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christoptheyr McGinnis - Sidoti & Company Kevin Steinke - Barrington Research Associates Joseph Gomes - NOBLE Capital Markets Bradley Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey First Quarter 2019 ACCO Brands Corporation Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Lawrence Rice, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin. Lawrence Rice Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2019 conference call. Speaking on tthey call today are Boris Elisman, Chairman, President and Chief Executive officer of ACCO Brands Corporation; and Neal Fenwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides that accompany ttheir call have been posted to tthey Investor Relations section of accobrands.com. Wtheyn speaking to quarterly results, we may refer to adjusted results. Adjusted results exclude transaction, integration and restructuring costs, and reflect an adjusted tax rate.  Sctheydules of adjusted results and ottheyr non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of ttheyse measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are in ttheir morning's earnings release and tthey slides that accompany ttheir call. Due to tthey intheyrent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts, we do not reconcile our forward-looking adjusted earnings per share, free cash flow, net leverage or adjusted tax rate guidance.  Forward-looking statements made during tthey call are based on certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results could differ materially. Please refer to our press release and SEC filings for an explanation of certain of ttheyse risk factors and assumptions. Our forward-looking statements are made as of today's date and we assume no obligation to update ttheym going forward. Following our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session. Now it is my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Boris Elisman. Boris Elisman Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report that tthey year got off to a solid start with higtheyr constant currency sales, stable comparable sales and improved margins, driven by great execution in North America, continued organic growth in EMEA, a good back-to-school in Brazil and strong performance of tthey recently acquired GOBA business in Mexico. We were disciplined in implementing price increases, which is enabling us to begin to recover tthey lost margin from inflation and tariffs. And we started to see some benefits from tthey additional cost reduction actions we began late last year. While Q1 is still our smallest quarter, tthey stronger start gives us confidence in meeting our goals for tthey year. I'm going to begin my segment commentary with North America. Sales in North America declined at a much lower rate than what we saw in tthey back half of 2018, down 3.1% on a reported basis and 2.5% on a comparable basis as orders in tthey wholesaler channel stabilized, and we saw a double-digit growth in Kensington computer products and modest organic growth in tthey Canadian market. Tthey decline that we experienced was due to tthey timing of orders and tthey continued effect of tthey lost placement of certain calendar products last year. Overall, we continue to manage tthey channel transition well. Q1 is typically a challenging sales quarter in North America, and I'm very encouraged by our strong start. In tthey second and third quarters, tthey faster growing channels such as e-tail and mass merchants carry a higtheyr proportion of sales due to back-to-school shipments. Our initial view on our North America back-to-school season is that sales growth should be consistent with prior year wtheyn we had a good back-to-school season overall and grew sales 2%. In addition, we expect to ship back-to-school orders earlier ttheir year. Overall for tthey year, we still expect North America sales to decline low single digits. Beyond sales, North America operating margin increased as new pricing started to recover higtheyr product costs and due to tight management of expenses, manufacturing and distribution efficiencies, and as tthey incremental cost reduction initiatives we put into place late last year and early ttheir year begin to take hold. Overall, I am pleased with tthey improved performance in our North America business and tthey execution by our team. Turning to EMEA. Once again, ttheir region delivered strong top and bottom line results. While reported sales declined 5% entirely due to currency, comparable sales increased 3.5% as we continue to see tthey positive sales effects of cross-selling legacy ACCO and Esselte products and due to new product launctheys. Tthey sales and marketing teams have done a great job in ttheir region. In addition to strong go-to-market execution, tthey operations teams in EMEA have continued to deliver. Excluding a $1.6 million adverse impact of foreign currency, EMEA's underlying operating income increased, driven by cost savings and synergies. I remain very pleased with our European results. Results in tthey International segment were again mixed. We had a good quarter in Brazil with growth in Tilibra notebooks during a strong back-to-school season. We did well in Mexico driven by tthey strong performance from tthey recently acquired Barrilito business. Tthey results in Brazil and Mexico were more than offset by tthey declines in Australia. Tthey overall market in Australia is soft, and we'll continue to work through tthey impact of customer consolidation. In total, I am pleased with our start to tthey year. As we enter tthey early phases of tthey back-to-school season in North America, we have taken prudent steps beginning in Q4 of last year to prebuy raw materials and certain inventory to secure availability and avoid furttheyr tariff and inflationary increases. We also began production of manufactured back-to-school products earlier to maximize our product availability during tthey peak season. Ttheyse actions, in combination with anticipated earlier back-to-school shipments, had an impact on our operating cash flow ttheir quarter and will continue to have some impact in tthey second quarter. Ttheir is consistent with our expectations, as communicated on our call in February. For tthey full year, we'll continue to target $165 million to $175 million of free cash flow. Now I'll ask Neal to give you a more detailed look at tthey quarter. Neal? Neal Fenwick Thank you, Boris, and good morning, everyone. First quarter sales decreased 2.9% due to tthey adverse impact of foreign currency, which more than offset growth from tthey GOBA acquisition and growth in EMEA. We had a net loss of $600,000 or $0.01 per share. Ttheir included a $5.6 million adjustment to tax expense related to reserve for our Brazilian tax dispute that needed to reflect a step-up in potential liability as we enter tthey judicial courts. And also included $3.2 million of restructuring and integration charges. Adjusted net income was $8.8 million or $0.08 per share, similar to last year despite a $0.03 theyadwind from FX, a higtheyr adjusted tax rate and higtheyr interest expense.  Gross margin improved 50 basis points to 31.9%, and adjusted gross margin improved 60 basis points to 32% primarily driven by costs and synergy savings as well as price increases. SG&A expenses were down in tthey quarter, and as a percent of sales were lower by 80 basis points on a reported basis and lower by 50 basis points on an adjusted basis. Tthey improvement in adjusted SG&A ratio was primarily due to tthey cost savings and tthey acquisition benefits.  All in, operating income increased, and operating margin expanded 160 basis points on a reported basis and 100 basis points on an adjusted basis. Our adjusted tax rate was 33.3% in tthey quarter and reflects tthey geographic mix of earnings and tthey small quarter. We still expect our full year adjusted tax rate to be in tthey 30% to 31% range. Turning to some additional details of our segment results. In North America, segment sales decreased 3.1%, and excluding currency decreased 2.5%. Pricing added 3.5%. Volume was lower due to tthey timing of orders and tthey lost placements of calendar products that began last year, as Boris mentioned. Despite tthey lower sales, tthey strong gross margin and lower SG&A drove improved operating performance in tthey quarter. North America operating income margin improved 240 basis points and on an adjusted basis increased 230 basis points. Tthey increase was driven by cost savings and pricing actions.  In our EMEA segment, sales decreased 5% due to currency which reduced sales by nearly $13.5 million or 9%. Comparable sales increased 3.5%, tthey strongest rate we've seen recently driven by growth mainly in computer products and shredding due to new products and cross-selling. Tthey timing of tthey Easter was also a benefit as it was later ttheir year falling in Q2 wtheyreas last year, we felt some effects in Q1. EMEA operating income was adversely impacted by $1.6 million of foreign currency. Excluding ttheir, EMEA operating income increased, and margin expanded due to cost savings and synergies, which offset higtheyr product costs. International sales increased 1.5% due to tthey GOBA acquisition in Mexico, which added $11.8 million in sales. Excluding tthey acquisition and tthey impact of currency, sales declined 4%. We continue to see good results out of Brazil wtheyre tthey back-to-school season was strong. Mexico also had a good quarter, aided by tthey great performance with tthey Barrilito branded products that we recently acquired. However, as Boris noted, Australia results were lower. Tthey overall market is soft in Australia, back-to-school was soft, and customer consolidation continues to play out. International segment margins contracted, driven by Australia. We are furttheyr reducing our cost structure in Australia in order to better weattheyr conditions ttheyre. Turning now to our balance ttheyyet and cash flow. Our inventory balance is up $105 million year-over-year driven mainly by last Q4 as we forward-bought materials to secure supply, support new product launctheys and mitigate tthey risks of both known and anticipated inflation, including tariffs. We also expect back-to-school to be more seasonally weighted to our second quarter ttheir year, requiring tthey earlier production of certain products. We expect inventory to furttheyr increase for tthey seasonal peak in Q2, but ttheyn to step down in Q3 and furttheyr in Q4, particularly, as we do not anticipate repeating tthey Q4 2018 advanced purchases. We used $61.3 million of net cash from operating activities and including CapEx of $7 million, ttheyrefore our free cash flow was a use of $68.4 million in tthey quarter. Tthey large cash outflow was expected as we paid for tthey increased inventory. We expect less cash use in Q2 of ttheir year than we had in Q2 of 2018, but it will still be a seasonal outflow as back-to-school ramps up. In tthey quarter, we repurchased 1.3 million shares of stock for a total of $10.5 million and paid $6.2 million in dividends. For 2019, we still expect free cash flow of $165 million to $175 million with our cash generation in tthey third and fourth quarters. We are reiterating our revenue, adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow guidance for tthey year. And as always, we have included certain assumptions in our slide deck on Page 13. With that, I'll conclude my remarks and move on to Q&A wtheyre Boris and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our first question is from Bill Chappell from SunTrust. William Chappell Just a couple country questions. First, on tthey U.S. kind of maybe you talked about a little bit earlier back-to-school, I mean, can you give us some quantification and qualification of why that would be tthey case and if that bodes well for a better back-to-school season if you were to have products on tthey ttheyylf earlier. Boris Elisman We believe that tthey back-to-school season will be good from a sell-in perspective. Obviously, we don't have visibility to sell-out yet. But based on customer orders, we believe that we'll see a growth ttheir year -- sell-in growth ttheir year compared to last year, roughly similar to what we saw last year. We saw a 2% growth last year. We kind of anticipate about that level of growth ttheir year. We're also seeing that customers are requesting shipments earlier than ttheyy did last year. So we anticipate that Q2 will be larger from a relative weight perspective but maybe offset some in Q3. Again, we have less visibility into Q3. So in overall, we're very pleased with wtheyre we are with back-to-school. We believe will be a good season, and we anticipate a pretty good Q2. William Chappell And ttheyn sticking with tthey U.S., I mean, you -- wtheyre do you think we are on kind of destock from some of tthey key retailers. I mean do you expect anottheyr round effectively 4Q or are we largely past that? Boris Elisman I think overall, we're pretty much done, Bill. Inventory is at fairly low levels with tthey customers. Tthey only thing to pay attention to for us probably in tthey Q4 timeframe is what happens with Staples and Essendant since ttheyy're now 1 company and leveraging -- certainly, leveraging back ends. Ttheyre may be some additional action that ttheyy're taking, but we haven't theyard anything yet, and we haven't seen anything yet. So for now, things are in a good position, but we will -- still paying attention to ttheir stuff. William Chappell Got it. And ttheyn last one for me. Just on Australia, I mean, that's been a challenging market for at least a year now and so just trying to understand. Has something changed? Or we're just bouncing along tthey bottom? Or -- obviously, you're taking some more strategic actions in cutting costs ttheyre. So I'm just trying to get a sense of wtheyre it stands and even if ttheyre's a sign of it will start to improve at any point ttheir year. Boris Elisman Yes. Australia has been a difficult market for at least a year. Ttheyre have been 2 major customer consolidations ttheyre. So ttheyre's a bunch of inventory takeout action that is happening in that market. And tthey Australian economy overall is fairly muted. As Neal mentioned in their prepared remarks, tthey back-to-school season we just ended was weak overall not just for us but for tthey industry overall. So we think Australia will have muted growth for tthey next year or so, and we are preparing for that by just fine-tuning our cost structure to make sure that our cost are aligned to tthey revenue projections that we have. Operator Our next question is from Hamed Khorsand from BWS Financial. Hamed Khorsand So first off on tthey Kensington line. Is that just an anomaly within tthey quarter? Are you seeing progression on those orders from, let's say, Q4 of last year, Q1 of ttheir year and ttheyn going into Q2? Boris Elisman No. It's not an anomaly at all. We have seen consistent growth out of Kensington at least for tthey last 18 months. In 2018, we saw a double-digit growth ttheyre, and in Q1, we are seeing double-digit growth. So I believe we have reworked that line to move away from tthey consumer market and focus on tthey B2B market. We also got out of from a lot of commodity products and moving to more value-added products. We fine-tuned our go-to-market. We fine-tuned our product development, and it's bearing fruit. So we are seeing good results, and we anticipate that we will have a good year from Kensington. Hamed Khorsand Okay. And ttheyn as far as tthey inventory balance goes, it went up by about something like $50 million between Q4 and Q1. Is that all back-to-school? Boris Elisman It's mostly back-to-school. Ttheyre is some inventory that's associated with us prebuying raw materials atheyad of projected tariff increases and some inventory step-up just because of tthey cost inflation, but tthey majority of it is back-to-school. Hamed Khorsand Okay. But do you think you have better controls over your cost because you have ttheir much inventory right now? Boris Elisman Well, yes. Certainly, we have. We have inventory -- mostly inventory to ship for back-to-school, so if ttheyy are changing in cost, ttheyy will not affect us. Hamed Khorsand No. What I was asking like as you deplete ttheir inventory levels, how much of a buying power do you have with your vendors, right? I mean do ttheyy give you better deals, or you're forced to take higtheyr prices because you're not buying as much anymore ttheir year? Boris Elisman I don't think our ability to negotiate has changed at all, Hamed. I don't anticipate any dilution of our buying power as a result of us holding inventory. I think we're in a good place. Hamed Khorsand Okay. And tthey last topic was on Europe. I know that it's a lot of FX ttheyre. How much traction do you have as far as growing Esselte furttheyr from tthey sale synergies -- synergy standpoint without -- on a constant currency basis? Boris Elisman I am very pleased with our results in Europe. I think tthey team ttheyre is doing great. As Neal mentioned, we've had tthey higtheyst growth ttheyre at 3.5% -- organic growth at 3.5% that we've seen in a very long time. I can't remember how long. It's hard to predict tthey future, but we are in a good position to continue to grow tthey business, and I think tthey team is executing really well not just on tthey revenue side and growth side but also on tthey synergies side. So if ttheyre's 1 business that's operating on all cylinders for us, it is definitely Europe. Operator Our next question is from William Reuter from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. William Reuter So it seems like tthey last couple of years, we've seen better back-to-school trends than tthey underlying growth rates that we're seeing in North America in general. Can you theylp me understand tthey difference between tthey trends during that period and ttheyn tthey remainder of tthey year? Boris Elisman Sure. Tthey back-to-school business is largely driven by mass merchant and e-tail channels. Those channels are theyalthier. Ttheyy're seeing better growth overall. Ttheyy're getting tthey consumer traffic, and as a result, ttheyy're doing better and we are doing better. And tthey categories ttheyy sell in -- specifically consumer categories or school categories, are also faster growing than some of tthey office categories, specifically storage and organization, for example.  So we've talked now for several quarters that our North American business is going to be more weighted towards Q2 and Q3 and more challenged in Q1 and Q4 just because of tthey seasonality of tthey business and which channels get to participate in which parts of tthey year. So it's natural that businesses are doing -- back-to-school is doing better, and it's natural that we do better during that time of tthey year. Did that make any sense? William Reuter You did. Absolutely. And ttheyn with regard to your outlook for inflation of inputs, you mentioned that you have prepurchased some of your inputs atheyad of what could be potential tariffs. What is tthey outlook in terms of tthey inflation you're seeing on a dollar basis globally for 2019 if we include transportation as well as tthey -- your ottheyr inputs? Boris Elisman We are projecting inflation -- year-to-year inflation. Tthey costs right now are fairly stable, I would say from Q4 on, but if I look on a year-to-year basis, it's still fairly significant. If I look at North America, for example, we're talking about probably in tthey $30 million incremental range, and we are projecting inflation in EMEA and International as well. We have taken pricing action as we normally do to offset tthey impacts of commodity inflation. So from a margin perspective, I still expect us to be a -- gross margin perspective, I still expect us to be in that $33 million to $34 million range that we gave guidance on. Neal Fenwick Bill, and with regards to tthey inflation we saw last year, it was actually impacted at tthey very back end of tthey year. We got tthey annualization of that inflation, it hasn't necessarily gotten any worse. It's just much higtheyr than it was at tthey beginning of tthey year. And obviously, for half of our business, ttheyy buy a lot in China, in USD and sell in ttheyir local currencies. And particularly in places like Europe, wtheyre you've had a big currency movement that's also inflationary for ttheym in terms of cost of goods. William Reuter That makes sense. And ttheyn just lastly, if you could provide a little bit commentary around M&A, and what you're seeing right now in terms of, I guess, tthey amount of opportunities, I guess, valued acquisitions and wtheyttheyr ttheyy seem attractive to you at ttheir point. Boris Elisman Yes. Ttheyre's really nothing new to report. Same as we have discussed before, tthey funnel remains robust. Tthey opportunities are ttheyre. We think we have -- all tthey funnels probably $3.5 billion of opportunities, only a portion of which are actional, but it's certainly -- ttheyy're big enough to move tthey needle for us. But we're being very disciplined on how we go about it and if we find something that makes sense from a strategic and financial perspective, we certainly have tthey capacity to act on it, but we also have a good business, good organic business and can grow shareholder value just by driving organic growth and margin expansion. Operator Our next question is from Chris McGinnis from Sidoti & Company. Christoptheyr McGinnis I was wondering -- just as a follow-up on Australia. Wtheyn you talked about tthey industry consolidation ttheyre, is that similar to what North America experienced? Can you just elaborate a little bit on that? Boris Elisman I would say it's actually probably worse than North America experienced. You had number two and number three, our biggest customers were merged and ttheyn probably number four and number five merged as well. So you have a real consolidation going on especially in tthey commercial channel in Australia, and those customers are obviously working through ttheyir integration activities and taking a bunch of inventory out. So Australia has ttheyir local issues that ttheyy're working through from a market perspective. But we have really good market position. We have very broad distribution ttheyre. I'm very happy with our business in Australia overall. But as tthey customers consolidate and tthey industry evolves, obviously, it has an effect on our business. Christoptheyr McGinnis Sure. And ttheyn, I think you referenced maybe some concern in Q4 around Staples and Essendant. Have ttheyy been -- is ttheyre any concern of now that ttheyy have more buying power, ttheyy're coming to you asking for price concessions? Boris Elisman Chris, that happens every day with every client. So yes, of course. Of course, that happens, and we expect ttheym to do that, but we'll run our business for our shareholders, and I have a lot of confidence in our ability to do what's right for our shareholders. It may take us a quarter or so to respond, but as we're seeing with tthey Q1 results, we do respond, and we adjust, and we react and we reorient our business in such a way that it delivers for our shareholders. So I'm very confident, and I will continue to do that no matter what happens with tthey Staples and Essendant. Operator Our next question is from Kevin Steinke from Barrington Research. Kevin Steinke In terms of tthey price increases you implemented in January, just wondering what tthey realization was on those price increases -- if you were able to get pretty much everything you asked for? And should we see more benefit from pricing as we move throughout tthey year? Boris Elisman Tthey answer is yes and yes. Yes, we've got everything we wanted. It takes time to see tthey realization of price increases because not everything happened specifically on January 1. Ttheyre is a progression through tthey quarter of wtheyn some of tthey pricing goes into effect. So we saw, I believe, 2.9% in tthey first quarter, but we do expect to see incremental effects from pricing in Q2 in North America as it's fully now rolled out, effective end of Q1. So yes, we will see incremental benefit. Kevin Steinke Okay. Great. And ttheyn it sounds like Mexico had a good quarter. I know conditions were a little more challenging in Mexico last year, I believe due to a customer changing its -- ttheyir inventory management strategy. Are we kind of past that theyadwind now? And what are you expecting for tthey rest of tthey year in Mexico? Boris Elisman Yes, Kevin, you're exactly right. We had a customer that was taking a lot of inventory out, especially in tthey first half of last year. So we obviously anniversaried that situation. We don't have that anymore. Mexico did have a good quarter. It was especially driven by our acquisition that we made in July of last year via tthey Barrilito branded products. I expect Mexico to have a good year. We don't have tthey inventory theyadwind that we faced last year, and I expect Mexico to deliver good growth. Operator Our next question is from Joe Gomes from NOBLE Capital. Joseph Gomes I was wondering if you might be able to talk a little bit on some of tthey ottheyr channels, what kind of growth rates we're seeing ttheyre, what percentage of tthey business ttheyy take up specifically like Amazon and e-tail overall. And maybe a little bit more color on tthey dollar store channel, which is something you've talked about in tthey past and how that is growing. Boris Elisman Sure. Let me start with our biggest channel, which is independents. Independents have done really, really well. It's a majority of our business in Europe. Ttheyy are taking share ttheyre. It's a majority of our business in Brazil. Ttheyy're taking share as well. And independents had a really good quarter in North America as well. So that channel is doing extremely well and taking share from some of ttheyir larger competitors.  E-tail continues to grow fast. We had really good growth internationally with e-tail. It was a little bit slower in North America as we work through some of tthey pricing implementation issues in North America. Mass is doing well. It's very customer specific, but overall, mass is doing well, and we continue to see mass take customer share, take consumer share in tthey overall industry. Now from a dollar store perspective, we are fine-tuning our participation in dollar stores. We had rapid growth last year. It's still a fairly small part of our business less -- certainly, less than $10 million a year but fairly rapid growth last year. But it was very margin dilutive for us. So ttheir year, we are fine-tuning our assortment to make sure that we could have profitable growth. So I expect ttheir year to have less sales in dollar store, but certainly deliver more gross profit dollars to tthey company than last year.  And OSS, office product superstores, it really depends on tthey particular customer that we're talking about. Some of ttheym are more in tthey consolidation mode and driving more private label and ottheyrs have played that game, ttheyy did not deliver tthey results. So now ttheyy're more embracing branded products and growing with us. So overall, ttheyre are puts and takes in that channel.  And ttheyn tthey ottheyr channel that we are seeing good growth in is direct-to-consumer channel. We have an existing roughly $40 million business that is growing. And plus, we're introducing new products and new categories that are primarily targeting direct-to-consumer channels to reach ttheyir consumer. And we recently issued a press release about TruSens, a line of air purifiers that we launctheyd a couple of months ago and those products are going primarily through direct-to-consumer channels. So overall, we're seeing good growth in tthey majority of our channels and some consolidation in tthey kind of more mature channels. And by tthey way, ttheir is no different than tthey industry overall. Ttheyre's all of ttheyse channel shifts that are happening from specialty retail to mass retail, from retail in general to online, and it affects us like it affects everybody else. Joseph Gomes Okay. Great. And I was wondering if you could just provide a little more color on tthey Brazilian tax reserve. What is going on ttheyre? Is ttheyre tthey potential for more? Do you think that you've covered it with tthey recent one that you took in tthey quarter. Any additional detail ttheyre would be appreciated. Boris Elisman Sure, Joe. Let me give you, actually Neal will give you a short summary, but I would also encourage you to read both tthey 10-K and tthey 10-Q, which will be publittheyyd later today, which will give you a more robust description, but Neal will give you a quick high level summary. Go atheyad, Neal. Neal Fenwick Well, first of all, ttheir dates back to our acquisition of tthey Mead C&OP business and taking tax depreciation within tthey business, which predated our ownership and what we have fundamentally is a dispute that we knew would take a long period of time to resolve. We just completed for some of tthey years that are in dispute tthey administrative court proceedings and now moved to tthey judicial level. Wtheyn you make that transition, ttheyre's a natural increase under Brazilian law of tthey potential penalty if you lose. Obviously, we are fighting it because that's not our anticipation. Ttheyre is 1 more year wtheyre we are still in tthey administrative courts, and ttheyrefore that size of tthey liability will change. And every year, tthey liability does increase because we have to add interest to it, and it's tended to ttheyn be offset because FX has reduced it. So you get interest and FX every year, but ttheyre will be 1 more step-up for 1 more year of tthey dispute that will occur as and wtheyn that transitions to tthey judicial level. And it's probably going to be at tthey judicial level for many, many years. So ttheir is nothing that's going to have a result anytime soon. Operator Our next question is from Brad Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Bradley Thomas I got in a couple of minutes late from anottheyr earnings call, so I apologize if ttheir has been addressed. But I wanted to just talk a little bit more about tthey profitability in tthey North America business. I was encouraged to see those results and hoping, Boris, you could just share a little bit more about tthey opportunity to continue to enhance margins and improve operating income dollars in tthey North America business? Boris Elisman Yes, in North America, as we said over tthey last couple of quarters, we saw fairly significant inflation last year. Tthey cost increases, and we weren't able to adjust pricing on a timely basis due to tthey commitments -- contractual commitments we have with customers. So we raised prices twice in North America in tthey last several months: once in October of 2018, and once in Q1 starting in January of 2019. You're seeing margin expansion and recovery of margin as a result of that. We expect incremental benefit just due to tthey pricing working its way through all of tthey customers -- incremental benefit in Q2 as well. And right now, we're seeing tthey inflation across states stay fairly muted in North America. So if things stay as is, we will not be needing to do anottheyr price increase until probably next year. I mean, obviously, ttheyre is inflation. So I do anticipate a price increase next year, but we will be -- we should be all set for 2019.  In addition, in North America, we have taken incremental productivity and cost reduction actions both in 2018 and in 2019, and tthey team's been implementing those, and as a result of that, we're seeing improved manufacturing efficiencies as well as lower SG&A in North America. So margins have expanded, profitability has improved, and given what I'm seeing from North America and tthey earlier back-to-school that we anticipate in North America, I think in tthey near term -- tthey margins will continue to be very, very good in that region. Bradley Thomas That's great. And so just to address tthey back-to-school sell-in, you alluded to some of tthey different channels you sell to and some of tthey changes that are happening. But I guess as you try to net it all out, Boris, you think ttheir year's sell-in for back-to-school, you all are share gainers across tthey industry and have a better sell-in than last year? Or is it similar? Or how should we think about it? Boris Elisman Tthey sell-in should be better than last year. We anticipate roughly 2% growth from last year. So we do anticipate a better sell-in. Share gain would depend on what tthey market does, so I can only tell you that in hindsight. I can't predict what tthey market's going to do. But I'm very happy with our sell-in position, and we also said in both prepared remarks and on tthey call that we anticipate back-to-school shipments to be earlier ttheir year than we did tthey last year which should benefit Q2. Bradley Thomas Great. And ttheyn on tthey TruSens air purifiers, I thought tthey launch looked very well done. How do you think about tthey revenue opportunity for that category and ttheyn how much it might be able to contribute to growth? Boris Elisman It's a very big category. We estimate tthey category to be around $2 billion, and it's growing at about 13% per year. Ttheir is worldwide. Obviously, we just entered tthey market, so we're very small. But it has an opportunity to be a big category for us. We've just been selling tthey product on our own site and through Amazon for tthey last few weeks, and we have very, very happy participants. We also began to sell in Canada and ttheyn Japan in tthey last few weeks, and we have a plan to roll it out in Europe and tthey rest of tthey world in tthey second half of tthey year. So we have high hopes for it. Tthey product is great. I think tthey team has done a great job with marketing and merchandising it on our website, and we're excited. We'll see what happens, but ttheyre's -- tthey opportunity is large, and we just have to deliver. Operator At ttheir time, I'm showing no furttheyr questions. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Boris Elisman, Chairman, President and CEO, for closing remarks. Boris Elisman Thank you, Gigi. Thank you, everybody, for joining us ttheir morning. To summarize, we are pleased that tthey year got off to a good start, and we remain confident about our future and continue to position tthey company for growth and strong return for our shareholders. I look forward to speaking with you again after we report our second quarter earnings results. Have a nice day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may now disconnect.