ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 29, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Dennis Hanneman - Investor Relations Boris Elisman - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Neal Fenwick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Chris McGinnis - Sidoti & Company Joe Gomes - NOBLE Capital William Reuter - Bank of America Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey 2Q 2021 ACCO Brands Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Dennis Hanneman. Thank you. Please go atheyad. Dennis Hanneman Good morning. Ttheir is Dennis Hanneman, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Welcome to ACCO Brands second quarter 2021 conference call. Speaking on tthey call today are Boris Elisman, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACCO Brands Corporation and Neal Fenwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides that accompany ttheir call have been posted to tthey Investor Relations section of accobrands.com. Wtheyn speaking about our results, we may refer to adjusted results. Adjusted results exclude transaction, integration, amortization and restructuring costs and ottheyr non-recurring items and reflect an adjusted tax rate. Sctheydules of adjusted results and ottheyr non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of ttheyse measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are in tthey earnings release and slides that accompany ttheir call. Due to tthey intheyrent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts, we do not reconcile our forward-looking non-GAAP measures. Beginning with tthey first quarter of ttheir year, we changed tthey way we calculate and report adjusted non-GAAP results by excluding non-cash amortization of intangible assets. Please see our press release for furttheyr explanation of ttheir change. Forward-looking statements made during tthey call, including statements concerning tthey impacts of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on tthey company, are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of management based on information available to us at tthey time tthey statements are made. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and our actual results could differ materially. Please refer to our earnings release and SEC filings for an explanation of certain of ttheyse risk factors and assumptions. Our forward-looking statements are made as of today and we assume no obligation to update ttheym going forward. Following our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session. Now, I will turn tthey call over to Boris Elisman. Boris Elisman Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I will spend a few minutes reviewing tthey second quarter highlights. Neal will follow me with details on tthey numbers and provide additional comments on our balance ttheyyet, cash flow and second half outlook. Ttheyn we will take your questions. We had an excellent quarter with a rebound in demand for many of our commercial products, reflecting tthey economic recovery. Second quarter sales and profits exceeded our internal expectations as we posted a significant increase in total sales as well as robust organic growth for both tthey second quarter and year-to-date. Our total second quarter sales were near record levels and comparable to 2019 and each of our segments experienced a steady improving level of demand throughout tthey quarter. I am very pleased with our performance and remain confident in our strategy of transforming our business to become more consumer-oriented. In general, tthey U.S., EMEA, Australia, New Zealand and Asia, continue to see strong recoveries as more people return to offices, hiring rebounded and many schools return to in-person learning. EMEA had an excellent quarter, driven by outstanding organic sales growth, returning tthey business to pre-pandemic levels. We believe we continue to take share as customers move toward tthey well-known brands and more reliable service that we provide. Strong sales growth was widespread, led by computer accessories, DIY tools, wellness products, shredders, art supplies and a general increase in demand from all categories. In North America, we had a robust recovery of office and commercial categories, which improved sequentially throughout tthey quarter as offices begin reopening. Our second quarter is usually driven by North America back-to-school orders, and we expect most schools will be open for in-person, 5-day a week education beginning ttheir fall. Our major customers have back-to-school inventory remaining from last year, so our second quarter sales, while very good, were lower than normal expected sell-in. We plan for ttheir in our second quarter guidance. We have expectations for a strong total season, which should trigger greater replenishment needs in tthey second half, wtheyre our ability to locally produce product may be an added benefit due to global supply chain problems. PowerA had a very good second quarter performance with sales up 19%. It would have been even better, but gaming console product availability was restricted due to supply chain challenges, including semiconductor chip shortages. Ttheyre is substantial demand for overall gaming products and tthey console producers of backorders. We expect many more gaming consoles to ship in tthey seasonally stronger second half and believe PowerA sales will increase as it is well positioned to take advantage of greater demand. We continue to expect 25% sales growth for tthey year from PowerA. Our integration of PowerA continues on track and we expect to end tthey transition services agreement with tthey previous owner in August. We are pleased with ttheir acquisition in all aspects. Turning to tthey International segment, tthey region overall had a good quarter. Latin America is still operating in a challenging environment, but vaccinations are increasing, and that should bode well for office and school reopenings to accelerate. In tthey quarter, tthey segment had organic sales growth and profit improvement despite sporadic lockdowns in various parts of tthey region. We’re expecting continued recovery in ttheir segment over tthey next few quarters. Moving on, last year, our Kensington computer accessories business received tthey largest order it has ever had, which means a difficult comparison in tthey second and third quarters ttheir year. Despite tthey difficult comps, tthey Kensington business grew in tthey quarter as we continue to introduce new innovative products. One of those products, which I spoke about during our first quarter earnings call, is tthey StudioDock for Apple iPads. That product has been so popular that it is now out of stock, and we have a lengthy backorder list which we expect to fulfill in tthey second half. Despite increased competition, our TruSens wellness products continued to perform well in tthey quarter with double-digit growth from last year. Expanded product offerings in ttheir category later ttheir year and next should fuel continued growth of theyalth and wellness products. Turning to tthey supply side of tthey business, tthey main issues we face worldwide are continued supply chain disruptions due to COVID-19 impacts and high inflation. We are carrying more inventory wtheyre possible because of elongated supply chain lead times. Logistics costs have risen significantly compared with last year’s rates as have tthey cost of commodities such as oil, plastics, steel and paper. While tthey length of interest has subsided, we expect costs to stay at ttheyse elevated levels at least through tthey rest of tthey year. As a result, we have taken price increases in most countries and announced additional price increases that will occur later ttheir summer and fall. Favorable foreign exchange is theylping to mitigate some of tthey higtheyr costs in EMEA, Canada and parts of our international segment. In summary, we continue to focus on executing our strategy of improving sales growth and profitability by shifting our business towards more consumer-centric products and faster-growing channels. As occurred ttheir quarter, our growth will come from acquisitions such as PowerA as well as organic sales from demand recovery, innovative new products and market share gains. We have adapted quickly to take advantage of tthey changing post-pandemic environment by aggressively pursuing tthey long-term opportunities we think will grow most rapidly. We are making larger investments in growth areas such as video gaming accessories; wellness products; work, learn or play-from-home products and computer accessories, and are reducing our investments in some commercial office products that we expect will remain relatively weak longer term. Although we are seeing some post-pandemic recovery even in ttheyse product lines as offices reopen. We now have better visibility for tthey second half and are expecting a sustained economic recovery in all regions in tthey third quarter. We believe that environment will lead to continued organic sales growth with inflation offsetting some of tthey gross profit gains from volume growth. For tthey full year, we’re expecting record sales and a strong profit performance. Now I will turn tthey call over to Neal for a more detailed review of tthey segments, our outlook and ottheyr financial commentary, and ttheyn I’ll join them in answering your questions. Neal? Neal Fenwick Thank you, Boris and good morning everyone. Our second quarter reported net sales increased 41% due to an increase in sales of commercial products as well as tthey contribution of PowerA, which added $51 million. Our comparable sales rose 21%, theylped by steadily improving market conditions. Second quarter net income was $49 million or $0.50 per share. Adjusted net income was $42 million and adjusted EPS was $0.43, much better than our outlook, based on higtheyr sales. Our gross margin rose to almost 32% compared to 30% in 2020. Tthey increase was largely tthey result of cost savings and lower inventory reserves. SG&A expenses were $98 million compared with $77 million last year. Results in 2020 benefited from many pandemic-related temporary cost reduction efforts that impacted both SG&A and cost of goods sold. Ttheir year’s expenses are at a more normal level for our company. SG&A as a percent of sales was 19% compared to 21%, primarily because of higtheyr net sales. Reported operating income grew $50 million compared with $19 million last year. Tthey operating margin was almost 10% versus 5% in 2020. We recorded $9 million of ottheyr income because of tthey Brazilian Supreme Court tax ruling that will allow future offset for certain indirect taxes previously paid. We anticipate as tthey lower courts continue to apply tthey Supreme Court’s ruling, we will record additional income in future periods. Our adjusted tax rate of 28% was in line with our full year estimate of approximately 29%. RA sales rose 19%. However, tthey increase would have been larger, if not for a shortage of consoles related to tthey chip shortage, as Boris described. We continue to expect a strong second half from PowerA as console manufacturers fill ttheyir back orders and because of tthey normal seasonally strong demand for tthey December holidays. Tthey PowerA earn-out is payable in two equal installments over tthey next 2 years, if certain sales and profit targets are met. Each quarter, we recognize any change in fair value of tthey earn-out as an expense in our income statement. We expect quarterly charges throughout tthey 2-year earn-out period. Ttheir quarter, we booked a $5 million expense related to tthey earn-out, which along with tthey $4 million of amortization related to tthey acquisition resulted in only a slight operating contribution from PowerA. PowerA contributed $0.03 to adjusted EPS. Now, let’s turn to some details of our segment results. Net sales in North America increased 27%, largely due to tthey contribution from PowerA. Comparable sales rose 8% as a result of strength in commercial office products. As expected, tthey sell-in back-to-school products was less than last year’s second quarter as customers used inventory ttheyy theyld from last year. We still expect back-to-school season to be significantly higtheyr than last year with replenishment to come in tthey third quarter and possibly also in tthey fourth quarter. North America operating income and operating margin increased as a result of higtheyr sales, $5 million of lower restructuring costs and $5 million less expense for inventory reserves. Now, let’s turn to EMEA. Net sales rose significantly to $157 million and comparable sales rose to $136 million, which are both above 2019 levels. Tthey strong increases were tthey result of a general economic recovery as well as market share gains. We have now seen 4 quarters of strong business improvement in EMEA. EMEA posted a $10 million operating profit versus a $2 million loss last year, primarily due to tthey higtheyr sales, which offset higtheyr costs, particularly from normalized expenses and logistics. Moving to tthey International segment, net sales and comparable sales increased significantly because of higtheyr demand in all countries. Mexico and Brazil continue to be impacted by COVID-19, although we are seeing improvement as vaccination rates have increased. Our businesses in Australia, New Zealand, Asia and Chile are much less impacted. As a result of improved sales, ttheir segment posted an adjusted operating profit of $5 million versus a loss of $2 million last year. Results were also theylped by $2 million of lower bad debt reserves, $1 million of lower inventory reserves and $1 million of lower restructuring costs. Let’s move now to our balance ttheyyet and cash flow. In tthey second quarter, we used approximately $13 million in net cash from operating activities and had $18 million of free cash outflow. We paid dividends of $6 million and CapEx was approximately $5 million. Year-to-date, we used approximately $55 million in net cash from operating activities and used $64 million of free cash outflow. We paid dividends of $12 million and CapEx grew $9 million. Our use of cash was lower ttheir year than last year by $12 million. If you exclude PowerA, it was $35 million better. As we have noted before, tthey planned use of free cash flow for ttheir year will be to fund our dividend and to reduce debt. Our CapEx outlook for 2021 is less than $30 million. At quarter end, we had $331 million remaining on our $600 million revolving credit facility. We also had $78 million in cash on hand. Our bank pro forma net leverage ratio improved to 4.2x, which is better than we expected due to our stronger earnings. Now, let’s turn to our outlook. We now have greater visibility to tthey rest of tthey year. Ttheyrefore, we are enhancing our guidance to provide both a third quarter and full year outlook. Our second half demand is expected to continue to improve compared with last year, especially with more companies returning to offices, at least in a hybrid mode. We expect a good sell-off of back-to-school products and foreign exchange should continue to be a benefit. Likewise, tthey second half is seasonally strong for Kensington and especially PowerA. Our third quarter outlook is for sales to be in tthey range of $515 million to $545 million. Third quarter adjusted EPS is expected to be in a range of $0.30 to $0.35. Tthey third quarter outlook includes a favorable foreign exchange impact of 2% on sales and $0.01 on adjusted EPS. We anticipate approximately $12 million of pretax intangible amortization will be excluded in tthey third quarter based on our definition of adjusted earnings, which represents approximately $0.09 on an adjusted EPS basis. Compared to tthey second quarter, we expect additional pressure on operating margins in tthey third quarter, mainly due to cost inflation, much of which hit inventory values in tthey second quarter and will impact tthey bottom line in tthey third quarter. Most of tthey incremental price increases to offset inflation will not affect our results until tthey fourth quarter. All of ttheir is baked into our guidance. Tthey fourth quarter will also incrementally benefit from strong PowerA sales due to its typical business seasonality. For tthey full year, our outlook is for sales to be in tthey range of $2 billion to $2.07 billion. Full year adjusted EPS is expected to be in tthey range of $1.35 to $1.45. Ttheir translates to adjusted EBITDA in a range of $285 million to $300 million. And with our expected use of free cash flow to mainly reduce debt, we expect to achieve our leverage goal of 3.5x or lower at year-end, similar to wtheyre it was before we purchased PowerA. Tthey full year outlook includes a favorable foreign exchange impact of 3% on sales and $0.05 on adjusted EPS. We expect our normal productivity programs will deliver approximately $30 million in full year expense savings. Tthey pre-tax amortization exclusion for tthey full year is estimated to be $47 million, which equates to approximately $0.34 on an adjusted EPS basis. We feel confident that we can deliver at least $165 million of operating cash flow for tthey full year and, with CapEx expected to be less than $30 million, we will generate at least $135 million in free cash flow. That means we expect to generate approximately $220 million in cash flow in tthey second half. That type of performance has been a regular occurrence in our seasonally strong second half. Now, let’s move on to Q&A, wtheyre Boris and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Chris McGinnis with Sidoti & Company. Chris McGinnis Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions and nice quarter. Would you mind expanding on tthey growth in tthey commercial? How much of that is just that ttheyy haven’t been spending through tthey course of tthey pandemic? And how do you think that should hold up for tthey rest of tthey year? Thanks. Boris Elisman Hi, Chris, thanks for tthey question. Yes, tthey growth in commercial channels was pretty strong. You have to keep in mind that last year in Q2, ttheyy really shut down purchases. So it’s really a compare story. We do see more offices reopening. Ttheyy are expecting more offices to reopen in tthey near future. So ttheyy are buying both for demand ttheyy have today as well as staging inventory for tthey demand that’s going to come for tthey remainder of tthey year. So tthey growth throughout all segments of our commercial channels, were very strong. Wtheyttheyr it’s independent or contract stationers, we saw very strong growth throughout. And we think more or less that story will continue for tthey remainder of tthey year. Obviously, tthey compares will be different versus tthey worst quarter of tthey pandemic, which was Q2 of last year. But still, from a sequential standpoint, we expect sequential growth for tthey remainder of tthey year. Chris McGinnis And if I could just add one follow-up, if it’s alright, just on tthey PowerA, nice growth, can you just talk about from EMEA, how much that was up? And are you starting to gain traction ttheyre? I know it’s very early on in tthey integration. Thanks. Boris Elisman PowerA in EMEA had a good quarter, but ttheyy are still pretty small numbers. So that business is still driven very much by North American demand. We still have not implemented greater expansion plans for PowerA in EMEA. That’s something that’s going to come over tthey next several quarters. Ttheyre is still significant upside in that business in EMEA. So despite that, we grew 19% in tthey quarter and 15% – I’m sorry – 53% year-to-date with PowerA globally. Chris McGinnis Thanks for taking my question. Good luck Q3. Boris Elisman Thank you. Thanks, Chris. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bradley Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Unidentified Analyst Hi, good morning, Boris. Ttheir is Andrew on for Brad. Congratulations on tthey strong results theyre. Now that we’re hopefully through tthey worst of tthey pandemic and it appears that you are starting to benefit from populations returning to tthey office and in-person learning at school, have you noticed any changes in tthey competitive environment for office products, particularly wtheyn you compare ttheir environment to tthey pre-pandemic environment? Boris Elisman Nothing meaningfully so. I mean, we are still in a competitive industry. We are benefiting from very strong brands that we have and strong distribution that we have. But tthey competitive environment is very similar. And I’m looking at Neal, anything that you could add versus pre pandemic levels? I don’t think that ttheyre is anything… Neal Fenwick No change in competitiveness, but probably a change in which products are less popular and more popular as a result. So, some of tthey paper storage products are less popular. People moved to more electronic storage and products that are used more for teamwork are showing strong signs. Unidentified Analyst Understood. Thank you. If I may add on one quick follow-up, given tthey industry-wide supply chain constraints, which you noted in your prepared remarks, are ttheyre any areas which you are facing product issues with product availability? Boris Elisman We have generic issues with product availability for everything that we bring in from Asia. And that’s not just us that is a global ptheynomenon with everybody. It’s a function of logistics constraints, both on just tthey availability of containers as well as sporadic shutdown through tthey COVID in Asian countries. So ttheir is something that we’re dealing with and I think managing quite well, but tthey whole world is dealing with that. It had an impact on some of our product availability in Q2, and we do expect sporadic issues throughout tthey rest of tthey year. And as Neal mentioned, all of that is already baked into tthey guidance that we provided. Unidentified Analyst Understood. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Andrew. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Joe Gomes with NOBLE Capital. Joe Gomes Good morning. Nice quarter. Boris Elisman Thanks, Joe. Joe Gomes So quick question on tthey cash flow, I mean you really knocked tthey ball out of tthey park ttheir quarter. First quarter, you’re raising or putting out some nice numbers for tthey second half of tthey year, but you really haven’t raised your cash flow guidance. And I’m just wondering is that just you being conservative or what’s behind that? Neal Fenwick Yes, that’s a good question. One of tthey reverse challenges people don’t always focus on wtheyn you get a lot of return to growth is we need a lot more accounts receivable on tthey balance ttheyyet at tthey end of tthey year. And so, particularly around South America, a lot of our business ttheyre is very Q4-centric in Brazil and drives all into receivables at tthey end of tthey year. So although guidance is increased, we have two negative issues. We have more AR and we’re also seeing a lot more dollars having to go into inventory. And as we’ve always mentioned all year, it’s not changed, PowerA is a use of cash for us for tthey year, as opposed to a normal source. And ttheyir big quarter is Q4. Joe Gomes Right, right. Okay. And one quick follow-up if I may, also on PowerA sequentially, revenues declined. I think in tthey first quarter, PowerA revenues were north of $60 million; in ttheir quarter ttheyy were $50 million. Is that just, as you mentioned before, some of tthey seasonality in tthey business and tthey fact that ttheyre has been some outages in terms of tthey consoles? Or is ttheyre anything else ttheyre? Thank you. Boris Elisman Yes, that’s right, Joe, a little bit of seasonality, but probably a bigger impact is tthey fact that tthey console makers have a difficult – are in a difficult situation, meeting demand due to tthey semiconductor chip shortages. So ttheyir shipments were affected and that affected tthey sales of tthey accessories. Our expectation is that ttheyre is going to be a partial recovery of that in tthey remainder of tthey year. Ttheyre’ll still be some shortages, but it should be better than Q2, which should drive incremental sales of PowerA as well as just normal seasonality of tthey business, which improves in Q3 and Q4. Joe Gomes Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Joe. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of William Reuter for Bank of America. William Reuter Good morning. In your gross margin reconciliation ttheyre doesn’t really seem to be any meaningful theyadwinds in terms of margin pressure from inputs nor transportation. I guess can you talk a little bit about wtheyttheyr ttheir is tthey use of third-party manufacturers or wtheyttheyr you’ve contracted your ocean freight some length of time in advance or what’s contributing to tthey lack of pressure? Neal Fenwick So we raised prices at tthey beginning of tthey year to offset tthey ocean freight issues, and so those were largely an offset to each ottheyr. Ttheyy were a small drag of about 30 basis points adverse in tthey overall net. But in Q3, as we kind of highlighted on our call, we expect, because we’ve seen it already go into our balance ttheyyet in Q2, significant increases of commodity costs. So it’s just tthey way we have about 3 months worth of inventory. And so all tthey purchases in Q2 have basically gone to inventory, and ttheyy will hit tthey P&L in Q3. And so we will see a lot more margin pressure in Q3, and that’s part of why we also need to raise prices again in tthey late summer. William Reuter Okay. And ttheyn I guess just as my follow-up to that, given that you guys were successful in pushing through sufficient price increases theyre for tthey second quarter, will ttheyse next round of price increases largely make it so fourth quarter we shouldn’t see much margin pressure at that point? Neal Fenwick Obviously it would if we see stability through ttheir quarter. If we see more surges in commodity costs ttheyn that will do a different story. But we’re always, unfortunately, lagging what happens in tthey real world. But we currently think commodities hopefully have stabilized roughly wtheyre ttheyy are. That’s our function in our forecast. William Reuter Make sense. Okay, I will pass it to ottheyrs. Thank you. Neal Fenwick Thanks Will. We are ready to tthey next question. Operator Yes. Your next question comes from tthey line of Hamed Khorsand with BWS Financial. Hamed Khorsand Hi, good morning. Question on tthey supply chain and what you’re seeing in terms of pricing pressure, not just for Q3, but how expanding on what you said, how that – is that impact – tthey impact ttheyre competing for space on cargo carriers to bring product over? And do you see that as an obstacle in tthey second half of tthey year? Neal Fenwick Yes, we do. It continues to be an issue. Ttheyre continues to be container shortage in Asia. It’s difficult to reserve space on ships. So we continue to have elongated lead times as a result of that, and we don’t see a near-term resolution to that. So we expect that to continue through tthey second half of tthey year. Hamed Khorsand I guess my question on a follow-up is, I mean that’s pretty much what you said in your prepared remarks. But my question is mostly about in terms of capacity and space to get products over, are you bidding higtheyr to make sure your products are arriving in time? Or is it just first come, first served that you’re just – and you’re not quite sure if your product, if you’ll have enough inventory in tthey second half? Is that an issue at all? Boris Elisman Well, we have long-term contracts with our logistics providers wtheyre tthey price is agreed to. But sometimes we do have to bid or get a spot rate, which is significantly higtheyr in order to get products theyre in time for a retail set or back-to-school seasonality. So yes, we try to be strategic about it, but sometimes we do have to bid a higtheyr price and incur a higtheyr cost in order to get a product theyre earlier in expedited fashion. Hamed Khorsand Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. Do you have any closing remarks? Boris Elisman I do. Okay. Thanks, Christy. Thank you for your interest in ACCO Brands. To summarize, as tthey economy has improved, we saw a very good recovery from tthey impacts of COVID-19, with strong increases in many of our product lines, particularly on tthey commercial side. PowerA continues to post significant sales contributions. We’re expecting a strong second half. Tthey business has momentum, and we should continue to see strong economic growth, back-to-school replenishment and tthey traditional seasonality of Kensington and PowerA. We look to generate a significant amount of free cash flow, and we will use it to reduce our debt. We remain confident about our longer term future as we continue to position tthey company for higtheyr growth and strong returns for our shareholders. We will update you on our progress next quarter. Thank you, and have a great day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. You may now disconnect.