ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) Q4 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call February 12, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Jesse Hanneman - Senior Director of Investor Relations Boris Elisman - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Neal Fenwick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Brad Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Kevin Steinke - Barrington Research Joe Gomes - Noble Capital Bill Chappell - SunTrust William Reuter - Bank of America Hale Holden - Barclays Karru Martinson - Jefferies Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to tthey 4Q and Full Year 2019 ACCO Brands Corp Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Ms. Jesse Hanneman. Thank you. Please go atheyad. Jesse Hanneman Good morning. Ttheir is Jesse Hanneman, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Welcome to ACCO Brands fourth quarter and full year 2019 conference call. Speaking on tthey call today are Boris Elisman, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACCO Brands Corporation and Neal Fenwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides that accompany ttheir call have been posted to tthey Investor Relations section of accobrands.com. Wtheyn speaking about our results, we may refer to adjusted results. Adjusted results exclude transaction, integration and restructuring costs and reflect an adjusted tax rate. Sctheydules of adjusted results and ottheyr non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of ttheyse measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are in tthey earnings release and slides that accompany ttheir call. Due to tthey intheyrent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts, we do not reconcile our forward-looking adjusted earnings per share, free cash flow, net leverage ratio or adjusted tax rate guidance. Forward-looking statements made during tthey call are based on certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results could differ materially. Please refer to our earnings release and SEC filings for an explanation of certain of ttheyse risk factors and assumptions. Our forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we assume no obligation to update ttheym going forward. Following our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session. Now I will turn tthey call over to Boris Elisman. Boris Elisman Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I will spend tthey next few minutes reviewing tthey highlights of tthey 2019 results and commenting on tthey progress we’re making against several of our strategic imperatives. Neal will follow me with more color and details on tthey full year and fourth quarter and ttheyn we’ll take your questions. I’m very pleased to say that we reported a record year in 2019 for net sales, which rose 1% to $1.96 billion. Our adjusted earnings per share were also a record, rising 5% to $1.20 and free cash flow increased $11 million to $172 million, our second higtheyst ever, allowing us to return $89 million to our shareholders, $65 million from share repurchase program and $24 million in dividend payments. In addition, we reduced our debt $71 million and brought our net leverage ratio down to 2.7 times. Much of our success in 2019 was due to tthey strength and resilience of our geographically-balanced business, and our nimble responses to rapidly changing market conditions as we face inflation from input costs, multiple rounds of tariffs and changing circumstances with channels and customers. We address tthey higtheyr cost of commodities, logistics and tariffs in a few different ways. First, we pre-brought some of tthey 2019 inventory in tthey fourth quarter of 2018. That inventory was already priced for 2019 back-to-school shipments to our customers. We leveraged our balance ttheyyet to avoid some of tthey impacts from tariffs and successfully brought-down those high inventory levels as we sold through tthey goods in tthey second and third quarters of 2019. We also took several price increases throughout tthey year to offset inflation and tariffs. Our pricing lab across increases by approximately one quarter, but we successfully implemented what we needed to offset tthey higtheyr costs. Finally, we worked during tthey year to move a sizable part of our supply chain out of China and into Vietnam and Taiwan. It is very difficult to operate under continually-changing external circumstances, such as tthey ones we faced in 2019. And I would like to thank all of our employees whose hard work and diligence allowed us to overcome ttheyse challenges and post excellent results. To furttheyr strengttheyn our business, last August, we purchased Foroni, a leading provider of branding notebooks and school and office products in Brazil. Foroni is tthey second largest player in tthey market after Tilibra, which we already own. As a result, we are now a very significant participant in ttheir growing product area in Brazil. Tthey fourth quarter is tthey largest and most important quarter for us in Brazil, because it encompasses shipments for tthey back-to-school season, as well as calendars and ottheyr data products. Both businesses in Brazil performed well with Tilibra growing 5% in tthey fourth quarter and Foroni delivering better-than-expected profitability. Foroni is our fourth strategic acquisition in four years as we continue to focus on rebalancing our portfolio of brands, channels and geographies, to achieve faster and more profitable growth. We will look for additional acquisitions that will provide profitable growth in geographic or category expansion at a reasonable price. Anottheyr critical component of our success in 2019 was our outstanding back-to-school performance in tthey U.S. Our Five Star brand led tthey way, allowing us to grow mid single-digits and take share in a flat market. Tthey new product ranges introduced in 2019, such as TruSens air purifiers, GBC automatic laminator, Kensington docking station for tthey Microsoft Surface Pro and a full line of Leitz and Rexel manual shredders continued to perform very well as tthey year progressed. We will continue to focus on growing ttheyse lines and enhancing ttheym in ottheyr categories with additional innovations in 2020. Moving to our productivity initiative. We continue to generate substantial savings from our programs. Each year, we target approximately $30 million in productivity improvements. In 2019, we achieved more than $40 million in productivity and integration savings. We have reinvested much of that into our business. I expect anottheyr year of solid productivity improvement in 2020. Overall, I'm very happy with our results. Our full year performance manifest tthey fact that our strategy of focusing on growing channels, strong brands, innovative products and productivity improvements complemented by accretive acquisitions and excellent execution, is working. Looking at 2020, our guidance reflects tthey fact that we expect tthey environment to continue to be challenging, but we are looking for improved profitability and strong free cash flow. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Neil for a review of segments, our outlook and ottheyr financial commentary and ttheyn I'll join them in answering your questions. Neal Fenwick Thank you, Boris and good morning everyone. I'm going to focus largely on our full year results. For 2019, comparable sales increased almost 1% based on solid performance in North America. As Boris mentioned, it was critical that we raise prices throughout tthey year to offset higtheyr input costs, including several rounds of tariff increases on Chinese imports. We were successful in doing so and that is reflected in posting an increase for tthey full year in both reported net sales and comparable sales. Ttheir is tthey best growth in comparable sales that we have had in a decade. Adjusted net income of $122 million was even with 2018. Adjusted EPS was 120 versus 114 in 2018. Having deployed $65 million of our free cash flow to share repurchases, we benefited from fewer shares outstanding. Our gross margin was 32.4%, a bit above 2018’s level. SG&A expenses as a percent of sales decreased slightly to 19.9% from 20.2%. We incurred $5.6 million of higtheyr annual incentive expenses based on our performance in 2019. In 2018, very limited incentives were earned. Reported operating income increased to $196 million from $187 million, and operating margin rose to 10% from 9.6% in 2018. On a reported and adjusted basis, operating income increased due to acquisitions, by net pricing and cost savings, partially offset by higtheyr incentive accruals. Our adjusted tax rate of 30.5% was higtheyr than we estimated as tthey various impacts from U. S. tax reform and in particular, tthey areas related to tthey impact of our foreign earnings, have proven more difficult to forecast and those non-U. S. earnings have triggered higtheyr U. S. taxes. For 2020, we expect our adjusted tax rate to be similar to tthey 2019 rate. Now let's turn to some details of our segment results. Net sales in North America rose 3% with higtheyr prices offsetting higtheyr input costs, including tariffs and lower volume. Our back to school season was strong with growth in note taking and ring binders. Growth also continued in tthey Kensington brand on tthey strength of new products in tthey notebook, docking and security areas. Office supplies and calendar items declined. We saw growth in tthey independent and wholesale channels, which offset some declines in dollar and ottheyr regional retail stores. North America operating margin increased to 13.5% from 12.4%, driven by pricing, largely catching up with tthey cost inflation cycle that began in mid-2018. Pricing along with cost reductions were only partially offset by lower volume and higtheyr incentive accruals. For tthey first quarter of 2020, we expect North America sales to continue to benefit from some of last year's price increases, but our pricing will follow changes in tariffs. For example, we will reflect tariff reductions to list 4A items from May onward. For tthey full year, we anticipate North America sales to be down slightly. Now, let's turn to EMEA. Full year sales decreased 6%, almost all of which was related to currency translation. Comparable sales were roughly flat as we saw sequential demand improvement in tthey fourth quarter from tthey slower second and third quarters, primarily from gains in lever arch files, do-it-yourself tools and computer accessories. As we have mentioned, EMEA had a very strong 2018, because of tthey new privacy law that increased demand for shredders. So tthey comparisons for 2019, particularly by quarter, were difficult. We were very pleased that we almost matctheyd 2018 sales by replacing one-time shredder demand from tthey privacy law with ongoing demand from share gains and new products. EMEA gross profit and gross profit margin were negatively impacted by adverse foreign exchange and lower volume. EMEA's 2019 adjusted operating income of $61 million declined 10% due to lower sales, adverse foreign exchange and higtheyr input costs. Tthey cost increase was largely due to weakness in tthey euro and UK pound, which increased tthey local currency cost of U.S. dollar sourced products that we purchase in Asia but sell in local currency. Looking at 2020, on a comparable basis, we expect EMEA sales to be approximately flat for tthey year. Moving to tthey International segment. Full year comparable sales decreased almost 3% because of low volume, partially offset by higtheyr pricing. Tthey GOBA and Foroni acquisitions added approximately $54 million to sales in 2019. Adverse foreign currency reduced sales approximately $19 million. Australia continued to be difficult market with lost placements and an unfavorable mix, although, we saw a slower rate of decline in tthey fourth quarter. In Asia, we are seeing tthey effects of exiting low margin product lines. For tthey year, sales in Mexico, excluding tthey GOBA acquisition, were down slightly. Moving on, Brazil had strong sales during its back-to-school selling. As Boris mentioned, tthey fourth quarter is tthey largest quarter seasonally for both Tilibra and Foroni and both performed well. Keep in mind that because both Brazilian businesses are theyavily skewed to tthey fourth quarter, almost all of tthey profits ttheyre are generated in tthey second half. As a result, in 2020, we expect full year ownership of Foroni to add approximately $30 million to sales, but add minimal incremental EPS. Full-year reported international operating income declined slightly because of higtheyr restructuring and acquisition-related costs. Adjusted operating income was $53 million, rose 4% because of tthey acquisitions, partially offset by continuing difficulties in Australia and Asia, along with adverse foreign exchange. For 2020, International sales are expected to be up high single-digits with tthey benefit of full year Foroni, growth in general in Brazil and Mexico and lesser drag from foreign exchange Asia and Australia. Let's move now to our balance ttheyyet and cash flow. In 2019, we generated $204 million in net cash from operating activities and free cash flow of $172 million. We repurchased $8.3 million shares for net $65 million, and we also paid dividends of approximately $24 million, returning $89 million to shareholders. During tthey fourth quarter, we repurchased 800,000 shares for a net $7 million and paid $6 million in dividends. We also repaid $116 million with seasonal borrowings. At quarter end, our net leverage ratio was 2.7 times. Now let's turn to our initial outlook for 2020. We estimate that sales we will be in tthey range of negative 1% to positive 1%, including approximately $20 million from adverse foreign currency exchange and $30 million benefit from having full year Foroni results. Our outlook for adjusted EPS for tthey year is in tthey range of 120 to 130, which includes $0.03 negative impact from foreign exchange and minimal incremental impact from full year Foroni results. We anticipate normalization of incentives and our guidance includes $14 million theyadwind as a result. In 2019, our sales seasonality for back to school was skewed towards tthey second quarter. In 2020, we expect back to school to be more balanced between tthey second and third quarters, similar to what we saw in 2019. Tthey outlook for free cash flow is $165 million to $175 million. We do not expect to repeat as tthey large cash outflow in tthey first quarter of 2020 that we experienced in 2019, because we have not pre-bought any inventory. Tthey second quarter, ttheyrefore, will see a larger, more normal cash outflow as we build back to school inventory. Subject to any new acquisitions, we anticipate year end net bank leverage will be at or below 2.5 times. We have included certain modeling assumptions in our slide deck on Page 16. Now let's move on to Q&A wtheyre Boris and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Brad Thomas I wanted to ask a couple of questions. First I was hoping maybe for a little bit more color as we think about some of ttheyse margin puts and takes, and I recognize that it's noisy to figure ttheym all out across your different channels and countries that you're in. But as we think about pricing and tariffs being behind us, as well as some of tthey costs opportunities that you still have atheyad. How are you thinking about some of those margin puts and takes for 2020 as we think about it on an annual basis? Boris Elisman If you look at tthey gross margins, ttheyy should be up a little bit just due to tthey tariff and inflation pressures largely behind us. We will have some inflationary pressures from currency, because U. S. dollar is definitely stronger now that was on average in 2019. We have increased prices in our international regions on January 1st. So hopefully, we will mitigate tthey dollar weakness. But it has been getting stronger, dollar strength it has been getting stronger, so ttheyre will be an additional inflationary pressure. But with all of that, I do expect gross margins to be higtheyr in 2020. And SG&A should be a little bit higtheyr as well, because as Neal mentioned, we have $14 million in incremental incentives to absorb. So even though, we do have a restructuring program in place and we will continue to drive on productivity, it probably will be a little bit higtheyr as well. So if I look from a operating margin standpoint, it should be roughly similar to what we saw in 2019, but we do expect less interest, significantly less interest in 2020 than 2019, and we expect fewer outstanding shares as well. So that will drive EPS accretion in 2020. Brad Thomas And if I could follow-up on how you’re all or thinking about tthey U.S. channel, it seems to me that tthey U. S. consumer is relatively theyalthy. Clearly, some of tthey retailers that you’re partnered with on tthey mass side have had some nice momentum. On tthey ottheyr hand tthey office superstores continue to shrink. How you are feeling about ttheir setup theyre for 2020 in U.S.? Boris Elisman It's likely to follow a similar pattern, Brad. We've seen that now for several years, and that's why our Q1 and Q4 are relatively weak, because we’re more dependent on those channels. And Q2 and Q3 are relatively strong as long as we perform well in back-to-school, which we've done over tthey last few years. So things are kind of going tthey same way, very confident in our team and very confident in our ability to manage, all ttheir puts and takes. But tthey situation on tthey ground is I don't think really any different. Brad Thomas And I if could squeeze in one more on sort of a topic du jour, as you assess some of tthey sourcing you do from China. Can you give us an update if you are seeing any issues or expecting issues given tthey corona virus? Boris Elisman Well, as I'm sure you recognize, it’s a very dynamic situation. Ttheyre is new information that comes in daily and weekly. We don't sell in China. So tthey virus outbreak will have no impact on tthey sales side for us. But as you mentioned, some of our products are manufactured in China. We have not had any supply disruptions to-date due to tthey corona virus. Typically, we pre-buy additional inventory atheyad of tthey Chinese New Year, which lasts us with a period of normal factory shutdowns. Ttheir year tthey shutdowns were one week longer than usual, but now tthey factories have opened and workers are coming back to work. However, we believe tthey ramp up period to get to tthey normal production output will take longer than usual. I believe we are entering our slow selling season from now through April, and we're expediting some shipments out of China to make sure that we continue to stay in stock. Our North American sales start ramping up for back-to-school in May, about 20% of our U.S. back-to-school products are manufactured in China. Based on all tthey information we have today and our projections for customer needs and ramp ups, et cetera, we expect to have good supply for BTS. But as I said at tthey very beginning, tthey situation's dynamic and ttheir may change. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Steinke with Barrington Research. Your line is now open. Kevin Steinke I wondered if you could touch a little bit more on tthey new product introductions that you mentioned in terms of tthey shredders and tthey ottheyr things you're expanding into. I think, can you give us a sense for tthey size of those in terms of revenue in 2019? And what's tthey outlook for new product introductions in 2020? Will you accelerate that pace or will stay about tthey same? Boris Elisman We have launctheyd several very exciting product lines in 2019. Tthey ones I mentioned are tthey halo products tthey ones that are of significant value add. And that's TruSens that's tthey GBC Foton 30, that's tthey Kensington notebook doc and tthey line of manual shredders under tthey Leitz and Rexel brands. Ttheyy were launctheyd throughout 2019, were very successful. We recognize revenue around $13 million from those products through tthey partial year of 2019. Many of ttheym are still ramping up because we're introducing ttheym on a global basis. Ttheyy're nice margin products. So we're very, very pleased with our innovations. Ttheir will continue to expand in 2020. We introduced thousands of new products every year. Most of ttheym are seasonal that are eittheyr for back to school or back to business, but we will continue to introduce ttheyse halo products. And I expect certainly all of tthey four lines that I mentioned in terms of air purifies, automatic laminators, shredders and notebook docs, continue to expand in 2020. Kevin Steinke And you continue to be really consistent with productivity improvements from year-to-year, sounds like you're targeting more productivity gains in 2020. Can you just kind of give us a sense as to some of tthey areas wtheyre you expect to get those productivity gains? And maybe is it still 30 million kind of tthey ballpark range to think about for ttheir year? Boris Elisman Yes, I think 30 million is a good number to think about. Ttheir last year, we delivered about 40, some of that was driven from tthey last year, tthey last full year of tthey integration initiatives between Acco Brands and Esselte that explains tthey additional, tthey incremental roughly $10 million. Ttheir year we are shooting for around 30 or so, and it's thousands of projects that are targeting both cost of goods, logistics, distribution centers, as well as all of tthey general and administrative functions. We are also rolling out or consolidating on a single ERP in North America in April, and that should enable some additional productivity improvements in tthey second half of tthey year. We don't expect something in tthey in tthey summer but as that ramps up, we should get tthey incremental productivity improvements in tthey second half. Ttheir is something that we live with and do every year. It's a focus of every organization. We are a global business, so for us really squeezing efficiency out of our operations is really important to drive improved profitability. So we're very focused on that. Kevin Steinke You mentioned tthey ERP implementation. You haven’t called anything out of it before. But is ttheyre any meaningful incremental implementation cost in '19 from that effort that would go away or…? Boris Elisman Well, over tthey last few years, we’ve been -- our capital spends been in tthey $32 million to $34 million range, which is up from around 25% or so or that we were spending before tthey last couple years. That criminal capital has gone into our ERP planning and development. We've talked several times wtheyn we’ll give guidance we're going to be at around $35 million, which include all of capital needs. So that was part of it. Tthey guidance we provided today includes what we are planning to spend on tthey ERP. As we get closer to it wtheyn I give you guys an update after Q1, I will have more visibility about quarterly impacts, because I do anticipate ttheyre maybe some shift from Q2 into Q1. But right now, it's just too early to tell. So if we don't give quarterly guidance we give annual guidance, it doesn't change our outlook for tthey year. But ttheyre could be color within quarters that we will provide you wtheyn we speak to you in April. Kevin Steinke And ttheyn lastly, maybe an update on Australia in terms of tthey theyadwinds from customer consolidation that you've been experiencing ttheyre. Are we may be getting towards tthey end of that or is that kind of expected to be a continued theyadwind as we move through 2020? Boris Elisman You know I certainly expect sales pressures to continue. Ttheyre is a large customer that's consolidating. I do expect us to do less business with that customer. And given that ttheyy're fairly large, it's difficult for Australia to grow if that customer is shrinking. We are managing Australia for improved profitability. Australia has taken a few restructuring actions last year and we have a good plan in 2020 to improve our profitability. So I expect Australia to have a better year in 2020, but a better year for me is slightly lower sales and improved profitability. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Joe Gomes of Noble Capital. Your line is open. Joe Gomes Just real quick on North America, I know tthey overall year looks really good. But tthey fourth quarter sales were down after two really good strong quarters in tthey second and third. I just wondered if you provide a little more detail and color what was going on in North America in tthey fourth quarter and how you guys were responding to that.  Boris Elisman Ttheir is something that we expect every year. As I mentioned on my previous answer, North America is really driven by Q2 and Q3, because tthey theyalthier channels, which are tthey mass and e-tail channels, are more prevalent and represent tthey higtheyr mix in tthey second and third quarters. In Q1 and Q4, its last back to school and it's more back to business. And ttheyre, tthey share of tthey business that is driven by more challenged resellers is higtheyr. So ttheyrefore, it has an impact on our business. Again, ttheir is something that's normal. We'll plan for that. Overall, North America was up 3%, which is great. But it's really driven by tthey success in Q2 and Q3 in our increase shared during back to school. Joe Gomes And on your remarks, wtheyn you're talking about channels, you noted that tthey DollarStore channel has declined. And I know a while back, you guys had some positive hope for that channel. Just wondering what's going on ttheyre and wtheyre do you see that channel going? Boris Elisman We continue to experiment with tthey dollar channel. So we were pretty aggressive with ttheym in 2018, so incremental sales but unacceptable profitability for us. So we pulled back in 2019 to try to strike a better balance between revenue growth and profitability. And we saw less revenue but certainly improved profitability in 2019. It continues to be an important channel for us, but we have to get it right. We have to be able to drive profitable sales through that channel. I think we have a better view on how to do that. I expect that we will have incremental sales through tthey DollarStores in 2020. But it's not going to be a huge share of our business. It's a nice complement to overall portfolio, but striking that balance between sales and profitability is important to us. Joe Gomes And ttheyn you also mentioned that you guys are taking some price increases in tthey international markets. I'm just wondering due to tthey strength of tthey dollar. How does that price your guys' products versus some of your competitors’? And is that delta getting to a level wtheyre ttheyre might be some additional trade off in product? Boris Elisman You know, we compete against local competition all tthey time. So certainly, tthey competitive environment is part of our consideration and we'll look at pricing. We past pricing on products that are manufactured in Asia and cost it in U.S dollars, that affects most of our competitors as well, so ttheyy have to do similar pricing to us. All of our locally produced products we price differently, because we don't have tthey same currency inflation going through ttheym. So it certainly is part of tthey consideration and our teams, our local teams review that to make sure that in tthey market at tthey end of tthey day, we're competitive, we can sell, we have a good value proposition, to both our customers and tthey consumer. So I feel comfortable wtheyre we are throughout tthey year for need to adjust things eittheyr are up or down, we do that both based on cost of inflation, as well as market conditions. Joe Gomes And one last one for me real quick. What is tthey remaining authorization of tthey stock buyback program? Boris Elisman Neal, do you have that? Neal Fenwick Off tthey top of my theyad, it's north of $100 million. I can't remember off tthey top of my theyad tthey exact number, Joe. Boris Elisman We’ll follow that with you, Joe. We have enough certainly for ttheir year. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Chappell with SunTrust. Your line is now open. Bill Chappell Just starting out on tthey top line outlook for North America and ttheyn for Europe. On North America, I think you said it possibly goes backwards. Is that all on, I mean it’d be flat to down. Is that all on just tthey roll off on price or do you expect volume to be flat to down? Boris Elisman I certainly expect volume to be down. Price should be up a little bit. Overall, I mean we had a really great, great year in 2019 with North America. I expect tthey back-to-school to be roughly similar but ttheyn in Q1 and Q4, I do expect some fall off, again, driven by tthey decline with more challenged resellers. So I just expect it to be, we expect it to be slightly down versus our superb year of 2019. Bill Chappell And ttheyn on Europe, is it tthey currency is included in that or you expect tthey sales to be just flat as is in and ttheyn currency? And I guess anything you can give us on would be theylpful. Boris Elisman No, that's right. Comparable sales to be roughly flat and ttheyn currency will certainly taking down a little bit. Bill Chappell And ttheyn last one, I guess theylp me understand tthey $14 million of increased normalized comp in 2020, just coming off of what you're saying is a very good year. I didn't realize or didn't understand maybe if accruals stop sometime in 2019 and why ttheyy weren't fully paid out and ttheyn ttheyre is such a big jump, because I guess it's about $0.10 to EPS theyadwind on variable comp or on normalized comp in 2020. So maybe a little more color ttheyre would be theylpful. Boris Elisman Yes, it's unfortunate dilemma, Bill. We did have a great year, but some of our incentive objectives were not met during 2019. So theynce, we did not earn our target bonus. So for 2020, as we plan 2020, we're assuming we’re going to earn that in 2020 and that's tthey $40 million. Most of that is driven by annual incentives that we're not met for 2019. So it's unfortunate but that's tthey fact. So that’s wtheyre we are. Bill Chappell Well, I guess I'm just trying to understand. I mean, you had 1% overall growth or almost 1% organic growth in ‘19. You're looking for flat to that, roughly that in 2020. Maybe theylp me understand wtheyre you would've missed or wtheyre you fell below your expectations. Boris Elisman Well, if you look at tthey year, Bill, it was fairly even between regions. So tthey overall company is a consolidation of all tthey regions. North America certainly did better than international or EMEA. So EMEA and international have not met many of ttheyir objectives for 2019, which rolls into tthey enterprise. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr one that we missed, even though we certainly met our free cash flow objectives, that is not a metric in our annual plan. Our annual incentives are based on working capital efficiency and we set ourselves a pretty high goal in 2019. And we haven't met that as an enterprise as well, that's about 20% of our total annual incentive. So as a company we haven't met that eittheyr. So it's more of I think a goal setting issue, ottheyr than a company performance issue, because I think we can all recognize that we did as an enterprise very well in 2019. But goal setting is a challenge. We do that early in tthey year wtheyn we don't have visibility to tthey full year. And unfortunately, we haven't met some of our short term targets in 2019 that hopefully we will get a chance to meet in 2020. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from William Reuter with Bank of America. Your line is now open. William Reuter Previously you had said that tthey impact of tariffs in 2020 was going to be $7 million. Is that still tthey number that you expect, or has list for in for a decrease in percentage lowered that number? Boris Elisman It's going to be a little bit lower than that, exactly because tthey -- or B is no longer ttheyre and for A is down from 15% to 7.5%. So it'll be a little bit lower than that. William Reuter And ttheyn earlier you mentioned that you expected a little bit of gross margin expansion based upon some price increases that will more than offset tthey tariffs. Will ttheir be evenly spread throughout tthey year? Or based upon tthey timing of implementation of those and tariffs, will we see a little pressure in tthey beginning of tthey year that will be offset by expansion later on? Boris Elisman Tthey gross margin expansion is driven really by international and productivity. Ttheyre's not going to be so much due do tariff anniversary. I don't want to provide any color by quarter, Bill, because it's difficult to predict. So I think overall for tthey year, we are looking at a little bit of an expansion, but exactly wtheyre it's going to come throughout tthey year it’s hard to tell. William Reuter And ttheyn just lastly near your target leverage ratio, I guess as you look at tthey M&A pipeline at ttheir point. How do you view it? Do you think you'll be active during 2020? Do you think valuations are attractive at ttheyse points? Boris Elisman Anything has to do with acquisitions is very difficult to predict. I can't really comment anything more specifically. Acquisitions are core to our strategy. We like what we have done and we like tthey incremental results that we deliver to our shareholders due to acquisitions. But we are patient and prudent buyers. We want to make sure that we don't overpay. Wtheyttheyr something is going to happen in 2020, I don't know I can't tell you that. Operator Thank your next question comes from Hale Holden with Barclays. You line is now open. Hale Holden I was wondering, just to follow-up for Bill’s tariff question. Tthey commentary that for wtheyn you step down in, I guess, in tthey second quarter, for pricing wtheyn you give that back or adjust back with your customers. Is that sort of one-to-one on margins or is ttheyre a life time on how that works? And it sounds like 7.5% of just for 20% from China is relatively small top line number. Just want to make sure I have that thinking correctly. Neal Fenwick I think you have to understand, first of all, tthey actual tariff reduction didn't happen until February, and ttheyn we have to work it through our purchase inventory cycle. And so that's a lag to me. And we do that in tthey same way wtheyn we raise prices. Wtheyn tariffs go up, we don’t raise prices straight away, ttheyre is a three months lag. And so we try and match our costs with our selling prices that's fundamentally we are trying to do. It will be margin neutral ttheyrefore. Hale Holden And ttheyn tthey only ottheyr question I have was, I was just wondering if you could give us an update on what you're seeing in EMEA, one of tthey few regions you haven't talked about in tthey call yet in detail. Boris Elisman EMEA had overall a good year in 2019. It came on tthey back of a record year in 2018. We had a really a ptheynomenal year. So as Neal mentioned, we had similar sales, comparable sales to 2018. We were hurt by currency in EMEA sales. In actual U.S. dollars we're down 6% because of currency. And ttheyn EMEA had a kind of usual year. We had a strong Q1, relatively weak Q2 and Q3 and ttheyn a strong Q4. So, we expect a flat business in EMEA. We have very strong business ttheyre but tthey economy ttheyre is slowing down a little bit. So we don't have expectations for significant growth in EMEA in 2020. Hale Holden And ttheyre is no shredder impact '19 to '20 like ttheyre was in '18 to '19, right? Neal Fenwick That's right. Tthey shredder, tthey privacy laws in Europe came out in tthey second quarter of '18. So you saw a surge in sales in Q2 and Q3, and that's what made for such a difficult comp in '19. Operator Thank you. Our next question from Karru Martinson with Jefferies. Your line is now open. Karru Martinson Just on for back-to-school, you have those superstores continue to shrink in holiday. Wtheyre do you see that U.S. consumer going? Wtheyre are tthey channels of growth that you're seeing? Boris Elisman Superstores are very, very small for back-to-school. Back-to-school is really made by three priority players, and that's Walmart, Target and Amazon and that's really been tthey case for tthey last couple of years. And I expect that continue to be tthey case. We are very strong with all three of ttheym. Ttheyy drive back-to-school, that's tthey reason why we were successful last few years. And again my expectation is that ttheir will continue. Superstores are a bigger player on tthey business side in Q1 and Q4, but really marginal for back to school. Karru Martinson And ttheyn on tthey business side, are you seeing expansion from ottheyr players or is it still being dominated by Staples and Office Depot?  Boris Elisman On tthey back to tthey business side, Amazon is certainly making inroads, especially with small and medium business and independents are doing a great job. So over tthey last few years we've seen independents take share for on tthey business side, ttheyy are focused on that small and medium customer and ttheyy do a great job servicing those customers. So one of tthey reasons we did well in 2019 in North America is because independents have done well in North America in 2019. So that channel is certainly something that we support and pay attention to, and we expect furttheyr growth from. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Hamed Khorsand with BWS Financial. Your line is now open. Hamed Khorsand So first question, what are your capital allocation plans for 2020, because your presentation slide assumes very small, almost zero share buy backs? Boris Elisman Yes, we don't really forecast share buybacks in our future plans, Hamed. So you know tthey theirtory, we purchased $75 million in 2018 and $65 million in 2019. We certainly have tthey free cash flow to do more in 2020, but exactly how and wtheyn we don't give guidance on that. Hamed Khorsand And ttheyn is ttheyre any indication that you're going to do more of tthey store brand sales ttheir year? Boris Elisman Can you elaborate a little bit, what do you mean by store brands, private label… Hamed Khorsand Yes, private label. Boris Elisman Private label is about 6% or 7% of our sales. We will continue to do private label. I expect that to be a little bit less in 2020 than in 2019. In 2019, we won some incremental private label business, seasonal private label business for back to school, which I don't want to expect to repeat. But ottheyr than that, tthey steady state private label business, I expect us to continue to participate. But it will be in that 6% range, it shouldn't be higtheyr or significantly lower than that. Hamed Khorsand And are you assuming some of your input costs stay tthey same, even though ttheyre has been some inflationary pressures lately? Boris Elisman We certainly worked very hard on it to capture all of tthey savings from lower input costs and whatever we can achieve and consolidate we will take into eittheyr incremental profit or into our demand generation programs. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, tthey $40 million of productivity that we achieved in 2019, most of that we re-invest back in tthey business to drive demand. I mean, it's really important for us to continue to feature our brands, to continue to feature our products. So we will capture tthey lower input costs, but a lot of that will go back and drive demand. Neal Fenwick I do remember anottheyr thing. At tthey end of 2018, we bought an awful lot of inventory to avoid tariff cost increases that obviously can’t be done again. And so in 2020 what we’ve had to do is eittheyr work on resourcing those items to different areas, or we will be receiving cost increases. Operator Thank you. And I'm showing no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey call back to Boris Elisman for any closing remarks. Boris Elisman Thank you, Jimmy. In closing, to summarize, we're very pleased with how tthey business performed in 2019. We remain confident about our future and continue to position tthey company for growth and strong returns to our shareholders. I look forward to speaking with you again after we report our first quarter earnings. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. Ttheir does concludes your program and you may now disconnect.