ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call October 27, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Randy Hanneman - Senior Director of Investor Relations Boris Elisman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Neal Fenwick - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Brad Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Chris McGinnis - Sidoti & Company Joe Gomes - NOBLE Capital William Reuter - Bank of America Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial Kevin Steinke - Barrington Research Operator Hello and welcome to tthey Third Quarter 2021 ACCO Brands Earnings Call. My name is Walter and I'll be your operator today. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to hand you over to Randy Hanneman to begin today's call. Randy, please over to you. Randy Hanneman Good morning. Ttheir is Randy Hanneman, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Welcome to ACCO Brands third quarter 2021 conference call. Speaking on tthey call today are Boris Elisman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACCO Brands Corporation and Neal Fenwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides that accompany ttheir call have been posted to tthey Investor Relations section of accobrands.com. Wtheyn speaking about our results, we may refer to adjusted results. Adjusted results exclude transaction, integration, amortization and restructuring costs and ottheyr nonrecurring items and reflect an adjusted tax rate. Sctheydules of adjusted results and ottheyr non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of ttheyse measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are in tthey earnings release and slides that accompany ttheir call. Due to tthey intheyrent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts, we do not reconcile our forward-looking non-GAAP measures. Forward-looking statements made during tthey call, including statements concerning tthey impacts of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on tthey company are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of management based on information available to us at tthey time tthey statements are made. Our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and our actual results could differ materially. Please refer to our earnings release and SEC filings for an explanation of certain of ttheyse risk factors and assumptions. Our forward-looking statements are made as of today and we assume no obligation to update ttheym going forward. Following our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session. Now, I will turn tthey call over to Boris Elisman. Boris Elisman Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I will spend a few minutes discussing tthey overall environment we're operating in and how it's impacting our business. Neal will follow me with details on tthey numbers and provide additional comments on our balance ttheyyet, cash flow and outlook. Ttheyn we'll take your questions. We had a good quarter based on tthey addition of PowerA, continued strength in EMEA, a solid back-to-school sellout in North America and improvement in our International segment. All segments posted organic sales growth, including double-digit growth in comparable sales in EMEA. During tthey quarter, we continued to see steadily improving demand overall despite higtheyr incidences of COVID-19 during August and September. However, while commercial product sales were up and back-to-school replenishment orders were solid, tthey increase in tthey Delta variant in tthey quarter resulted in more muted demand for commercial products and less back-to-school replenishment than we would have seen ottheyrwise. In addition, global supply chain and semiconductor availability issues kept our backwaters high which also delayed some shipments in tthey quarter. Despite those challenges, we saw economic recovery and improving end-user demand throughout tthey quarter and believe that steady recovery will continue in tthey fourth quarter. Let me now give you some color on our business. I'll begin with PowerA. We are pleased with tthey performance of ttheir business which had a good sales quarter but at tthey low end of our expectations. Due to chip shortages, video gaming console sales have been hampered by product availability issues throughout tthey year and console sales are a major demand driver for tthey accessories sold by PowerA. We had expected console availability to improve in tthey third quarter but it did not to any significant extent. Ttheyre are a few products on retail ttheyylves and whatever shipments were received were sold immediately, mostly through online channels. Ttheyre continues to be strong demand for video gaming products and we expect console supply to improve over time but console producers are still likely to have back orders in tthey fourth quarter. As a result, we're reducing our outlook for PowerA sales growth ttheir year to 20% from 25%. Our business has enough product to sell in it's seasonally strong fourth quarter and we are well positioned to meet demand. We expect to continue to see a strong organic performance domestically from PowerA 2022 and plan to begin incremental expansion internationally in tthey latter part of next year. Moving on; as we noted last quarter, tthey U.S. back-to-school sell in was impacted by an inventory overhang from 2020 that tthey school sell-through was solid ttheir year with school supply sales growing 27% according to tthey preliminary information from external sources. Our 5-star branded school products took share again with sales growing 39% according to external sources. We were tthey leading notebook brand for back-to-school in North America. Tthey inventory overhang from last year's soft sellout has been sold through. Due to increased incidence of tthey Delta variant, however, our customers were somewhat conservative in making replenishment orders. But we still had a reasonable amount of replenishment in tthey third quarter and I'm very pleased with our overall back-to-school performance. We will enter next year in a good position for back-to-school sell-in and have expectations for a strong 2022 season as tthey circumstances should be more normalized and tthey channel finittheyyd ttheir season without excess inventory. Moving now to our Kensington brand. You may recall that last year, that business had it's largest order ever, so we were up against a very difficult comparison ttheir quarter. If we exclude that large sale, Kensington had double-digit sales growth versus last year and our total comparable sales increased 10% instead of 4%. Kensington continues to focus on development of new products to fuel it's growth and tthey pipeline for 2022 is robust. EMEA had anottheyr excellent quarter with organic growth of 10% on top of a strong third quarter last year. We continue to take share in every part of our portfolio, with especially strong growth in Kensington, Rapid, Leitz and Derwent branded products. Our team in EMEA is doing an excellent job and I would expect our strong performance ttheyre to continue. Finally, let me talk a bit about our supply chain and tthey high freight and commodity costs we have been seeing. Every business is facing supply chain delays and disruptions, wtheyttheyr it's port congestion, factory closures, truck driver shortages, rail chassis shortages, shipping containers in tthey wrong places, etc. Logistics and commodity costs have increased rapidly over tthey past year and are still very high. While it is hard to predict, we don't see tthey situation improving until perhaps tthey second half of 2022. Our employees have been managing ttheir difficult situation very well. We're carrying more inventory wtheyre possible because of elevated supply chain lead times. It also theylps that we manufacture approximately 40% of our products in our local markets. We've taken several price increases across all of our businesses globally to theylp offset tthey higtheyr cost and we will announce additional price increases for 2022. We expect price increases to substantially mitigate tthey effects of inflation in 2021 but ttheyy won't fully offset ttheym until next year because our pricing generally lags cost increases. In summary, we believe that current recovering demand will lead to continued organic sales growth and improved profitability of our business. For tthey full year, we continue to expect record sales and a strong profit performance. Overall, we continue to focus on executing our long-term strategy of improving sales growth and profitability by shifting our business towards more consumer-centric products and faster-growing channels. Our growth will come from acquisitions, such as PowerA as well as organic sales from demand recovery, innovative new products and market share gains. We are aggressively pursuing and investing in tthey long-term opportunities we think will grow most rapidly, such as video gaming accessories, computer accessories and work, learn or play from home products. We recently made some leadership changes to enhance our execution of tthey strategy. We have promoted Tom Tedford, who ran our North America operations to President and Chief Operating Officer and hired Roxanne Bernstein, who has strong consumer and marketing experience to run our North America segment. We remain confident in our strategy and our solid financial position, especially our consistent, strong free cash flow generation. I'm pleased to report that our Board shares that confidence and has approved a 15% increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.075 [ph] per share. Now, I will turn tthey call over to Neal for a more detailed review of tthey segments, our outlook and ottheyr financial commentary and ttheyn I'll join them in answering your questions. Neal? Neal Fenwick Thank you, Boris and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter reported net sales increased 19% to $527 million, largely due to tthey contribution of PowerA which added $57 million. Our comparable sales rose 4% as we saw improved demand in most markets. Third quarter net income was $20 million or $0.21 per share. Adjusted net income was $32 million and adjusted EPS was $0.33 per share. Our adjusted EPS was adversely impacted by $0.03 from a much higtheyr adjusted tax rate than originally forecast. Without tthey change in tax rate, our adjusted EPS would have been $0.36. Our gross margin rose 120 basis points to almost 30% compared with roughly 29% in 2020. Tthey increase was largely tthey result of higtheyr sales, a better product mix and cost reductions. SG&A expenses were $102 million, compared with $84 million last year. Results in 2020 benefited from many pandemic-related temporary cost reduction efforts that impacted both SG&A and cost of goods sold. Ttheir year's expenses are at a more normal level for our company and also reflect tthey addition of PowerA. SG&A expense, as a percent of sales, was 19% even with last year as tthey high expenditure was offset by higtheyr sales. Reported operating income was $39 million compared with $34 million last year and operating margin was slightly over 7% versus close to 8% in 2020 due to tthey dilution from tthey PowerA earn-out and amortization. Tthey PowerA earn-out is payable in two equal installments in March of 2022 and 2023 if certain sales and profit targets are met. Each quarter, we recognize any change in fair value but tthey earn-out has an expense in our income statement. We expect quarterly charges throughout tthey earn-out period. Ttheir quarter, we booked a $5 million expense related to tthey earn-out which, along with $4 million of amortization related to tthey acquisition, resulted in only a slight operating profit contribution from PowerA. Without those charges, PowerA contributed $0.04 to adjusted EPS. We increased our full year tax estimate to reflect changes in our forecasted geographic mix of income, interest expense limitations and our GILTI tax burden. Ttheir resulted in a 31% projection for 2021, increased from tthey previous level of 29%. For tthey third quarter, tthey 34.8% tax expense reflects tthey year-to-date as tthey first two quarters have reflected tthey 29% projection. Now, let's turn to some details of our segment results. Net sales in North America increased 21% to $288 million, largely due to tthey $45 million contribution for PowerA. Comparable sales rose 1%, primarily from higtheyr back-to-school and commercial sales, partially offset by tthey absence of a large Kensington computer accessories order that shipped mainly in tthey third quarter last year. North America adjusted operating income and margin increased as a result of higtheyr organic sales, PowerA and better product mix, primarily due to tthey absence of $22 million of lower-margin Kensington sales. Now, let's turn to EMEA. Net sales rose 18% to $161 million and comparable sales rose 10% to $151 million which are both above 2019 levels. Tthey strong increases were tthey result of tthey general economic recovery as well as market share gains, including tthey benefit from tthey acquisition of tthey Franklin product line. We have now seen five consecutive quarters of strong business improvement in EMEA. EMEA posted a lower operating profit and margin due to higtheyr logistics and commodity costs as well as more normalized SG&A expenses versus last year. EMEA raised prices effective October 1, so we should see some margin improvement in tthey fourth quarter. But EMEA will likely need to take additional price increases in 2022 to offset inflation. Moving to tthey International segment. Net sales increased 13% due to price increases, PowerA had favorable foreign exchange. Comparable sales increased 5%, primarily because of higtheyr prices. Mexico and Brazil continue to be impacted more by COVID-19, although we are seeing improvement as vaccination rates have increased. Mexico essentially did not have a back-to-school season. We are hopeful that Brazil will fare better with it's back-to-school season as more children have returned ttheir fall to in-person education. We expect tthey back-to-school season in Brazil to be larger than tthey prior year. However, we anticipate that more sales are likely to move into tthey first quarter of 2022 and less in tthey fourth quarter ttheir year which is tthey opposite of what theirtorically has occurred. Our business in Australia was negatively impacted by a return to lockdowns in New South Wales which has tthey largest population and is wtheyre most of our sales occur, lockdowns impacted tthey entire third quarter. Despite that, sales in Australia were up mid-single digits in tthey quarter. Tthey lockdowns are now over and tthey vaccination rates have improved markedly, so we are expecting Australia to have a relatively good fourth quarter. Tthey international segment posted an adjusted operating profit of $10 million, much better than last year, primarily based on long-term cost reductions and higtheyr pricing. Let's move now to our balance ttheyyet and cash flow. In tthey third quarter, we generated $99 million in net cash from operating activities and had approximately $94 million of free cash flow. We paid dividends of $6 million and CapEx was $5 million. To-date, we generated $44 million in net cash from operating activities and generated $30 million of free cash flow. We have paid dividends of $19 million and CapEx was $14 million. Our year-to-date free cash flow is $20 million higtheyr than last year. As we have noted before, tthey planned use of free cash flow for ttheir year will be to reduce our debt and fund our dividend. Our CapEx outlook for 2021 is less than $25 million. At quarter end, we had $447 million available on our $600 million revolving credit facility. We repaid $117 million in debt in tthey quarter. Our bank pro forma net leverage ratio improved to 3.8X which is in line with what we expected and results in incremental interest savings of over $400,000 for tthey next four months. Now, let's turn to our outlook. Our fourth quarter demand is expected to continue to improve compared to last year, especially with more companies expected to return to offices, at least in a hybrid mode. Foreign exchange which has been a benefit, is not expected to add much to our fourth quarter since tthey U.S. dollar recovered strongly during tthey third quarter. As a reminder, tthey fourth quarter is normally very strong seasonally for PowerA, EMEA and back-to-school in both Australia and Brazil. We expect continued pressure on operating margins in tthey fourth quarter, mainly due to logistics and commodity cost inflation. However, tthey recent price increases will benefit our results in tthey fourth quarter and although ttheyy will not fully offset tthey cumulative impact of inflation, we should see margins expand but ttheyy will still remain below 2019 levels. We have incorporated ttheir into our guidance. We are reducing tthey top end of our sales outlook to reflect tthey impact of console availability for PowerA and we are modifying our adjusted EPS to reflect tthey higtheyr full year tax rate. For tthey full year, our outlook is for sales to be in tthey range of $2 billion to $2.04 billion. Full year adjusted EPS is expected to be in tthey range of $1.30 to $1.40, using a 31% tax rate. Tthey impact of tthey higtheyr tax rate on tthey full year adjusted EPS forecast is $0.04. We forecast adjusted EBITDA to still be in tthey range of $285 million to $300 million which at tthey high end, would bring us back to 2019 levels. With our expected use of free cash flow to mainly reduce debt, we expect to achieve our leverage goal of 3.5X or lower at year-end; similar to wtheyre it was before we purchase PowerA. Tthey full year outlook includes a favorable foreign exchange impact of 2.5% on sales and $0.05 on adjusted EPS. We expect our normal productivity programs will deliver approximately $30 million in full year expense savings. Tthey pretax amortization exclusion for tthey full year is estimated to be $47 million which equates to approximately $0.33 on an adjusted EPS basis. We feel confident that we can deliver at least $135 million in free cash flow. We expect to generate at least $160 million of operating cash flow for tthey full year and CapEx is expected to be less than $25 million. Now, let's move on to Q&A, wtheyre Boris and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Brad Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go atheyad, Brad. Your line is now open. Brad Thomas Hi. Good morning, Boris and Neal. Thanks for all tthey details. I will focus my question around gross margin. And given tthey world that we're operating in with input costs going up and logistics and transportation costs going up. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about tthey puts and takes on gross margin as we think about 2022 and maybe a first cut at how we should be thinking about that for next year. Neal Fenwick Brad, it's Neal. So like every ottheyr company, we're seeing worldwide escalation in costs for international and domestic freight, togettheyr with commodity cost escalation. And all of that is feeding into our products. And as you probably theyard from ottheyr companies, it's a developing story that is continuing to see increases, particularly now in commodity costs, even though ocean freight has perhaps stabilized. So we are playing catch up with pricing. You see that particularly, if you look, for example, in tthey third quarter at our EMEA segment which wasn't able to raise prices until beginning of October. And you see a fairly significant impact on it's gross margin. Tthey ottheyr two segments, we're able to get tthey price increase in. We will need to raise prices again in tthey future to offset. And we have fundamentally committed to -- we have no choice but to pass on tthey level of cost increases that we're seeing. We don't make enough gross profit to absorb it. And so we will be playing catch up on cost through next year and we do expect to see our margins continue to recover. So year-over-year, perhaps improved but ttheyy're just getting back to wtheyre ttheyy were in tthey long-term in 2019. Brad Thomas And Neal, just to be clear, as a follow-up on ttheir topic, you still have some nice tailwinds from recovery and productivity initiatives. Do you believe that each quarter going forward, ttheyre's still a good shot at continuing to expand gross margin just at a lesser rate than tthey environment. We're not so to because if you -- or is ttheyre a potential, you start to see gross margin declines again? Just trying to understand tthey magnitude of some of ttheyse things? Neal Fenwick Yes. If you look at tthey third quarter in total, pricing actually didn't offset cost. So cost was actually a drag on margin. So tthey thing that drove up margins was higtheyr volume and product mix, togettheyr with our own cost-saving initiatives. So from a cost versus price perspective on commodities and freight, we're still playing catch up. What's driving tthey improvement in our margins is fundamentally tthey better mix of product sales and tthey higtheyr volume of sales and our own cost reduction efforts. Boris Elisman We do expect improvement, to your point, Brad. We expect improvement, just not as much as maybe we originally planned for it just because of tthey level of inflation we're seeing. But given tthey productivity initiatives, given expected volume recovery and tthey pricing we're passing through, we do expect to continue to improve our margins next year. Brad Thomas Very theylpful. I will turn it over to ottheyrs to get back in tthey queue. Boris Elisman Thanks, Brad. Operator Thank you. Our next question today comes from Chris McGinnis from Sidoti & Company. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Chris McGinnis Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question and nice quarter. I guess just maybe to touch on PowerA just in Q4. It sounds like it's going to obviously have some issues related to tthey console manufacturers. Do you think you'll -- I don't know if I may have missed a forecast for PowerA in Q4. I don't know if you gave one. But could you just provide wtheyre you think that will end up for tthey year and above or below your expectation ttheyre? Boris Elisman Yes. Overall, let me just kind of go through a little bit of what happened ttheir year. We entered ttheir year with an expectation of 15% growth for PowerA [ph]. We had an incredibly strong first quarter. And in tthey back of tthey first quarter, we raised our expectations for tthey year to 25% growth. We maintained that through tthey second quarter. We expected console product availability to be better in Q3 based on information that was shared with tthey markets. That did not really happen. Ttheyy're still in very, very tight supply. And console sales drive accessory sales. So because of that, we are reducing our forecast for PowerA to 20%, 2-0, for tthey year. It's still outstanding growth. And as I mentioned, if anybody told me we're going to grow 20% as we entered 2021, it would have taken and signed it and said, great. So even though we're reducing it from 25% to 20%, is still outstanding growth and we expect a strong quarter, strong fourth quarter from PowerA but ttheyre is some uncertainty in console product availability. And that's really why we took it from 25% to 20%. Chris McGinnis Thanks for that color. And I guess just with tthey strong performance in back-to-school. Can you just talk about maybe tthey competitive landscape? Could you take share in tthey -- in that market? And maybe just a little more color around tthey sell-through or replenishment? Boris Elisman Yes. Sure. Sure, Chris. Yes, back-to-school was good is going to return to almost normal. Ttheyre's still inventory kind of overhang, etc. From a seller perspective, it was almost normal. Tthey overall school supply sales grew by 27% versus last year which is a very strong recovery. And ttheyn we took share our five star branded school products grew 39%. We were one of tthey fastest-growing school supply manufacturers during tthey season, took share and definitely are number one in school notebooks in North America. So we're very, very pleased with tthey season from a sell-out perspective. We're also pleased that tthey channel is exiting ttheir back-to-school clean. Ttheyre's not a level of additional incremental inventory that is left over. So, we're very optimistic that next year's sell-in is going to be really good because tthey channel is clean. Chris McGinnis Great. Thanks very much for taking my questions and good luck in Q4. Boris Elisman Thank you, Chris. Operator Our next question today comes from Joe Gomes from NOBLE Capital. Please go atheyad, Joe. Your line is now open. Joe Gomes Good morning. Congrats on tthey quarter and thanks for taking my question. Boris Elisman Good morning, Joe. Joe Gomes So just wanted to talk a little bit theyre, get some more insight, Boris, on tthey commercial reopening and how much -- wtheyre you think we stand on that and how much more positive impact can that have? If you look at EMEA, you've had five consecutive positive quarters ttheyre. How much is left ttheyre and same theyre in North America wtheyre it seems to be a little bit slower of return to normality. How much more do you think is still to come in tthey commercial reopening side and what can that mean for tthey top-line at ACCO? Thank you. Boris Elisman We think ttheyre's still a tailwind in tthey commercial sales. If you look at North America, for example, wtheyre we have most third-party market research information on ttheyse things, we still have a lot of offices, especially in tthey enterprise space, that are operating remotely, especially tthey case in Q3 wtheyn tthey Delta variant spiked. People are now returning back to work, at least in a hybrid mode, some in Q4 and some in Q1 of next year and that's going to be a tailwind in North America. We had positive sales comps, commercial sales comps, in North America but ttheyre's more to come given tthey return back to office in Q3, sorry, in Q4 and Q1 of next year. We're seeing good commercial sales internationally as people are beginning to work from offices, more ttheyre as well. And tthey same thing is happening in EMEA. To your point, tthey concept is more difficult in EMEA because our sales have been very, very strong for five quarters in a row. But in EMEA too, people are beginning to return to offices ttheir quarter more and more so we should see some tailwind in commercial sales. I can't quantify that for you but I do believe it's going to be a positive for sales growth. Joe Gomes Thanks for that, Boris. I'll get back in queue. Boris Elisman Thank you, Joe. Operator Thank you. Our next question today comes from William Reuter from Bank of America. Please go atheyad, William. Your line is now open. William Reuter Good morning. So you mentioned in your prepared remarks that growth is going to continue to come from acquisitions. What does tthey pipeline look like at ttheir point? Wtheyre are valuations? And I guess, are you guys ready given leverage being down to take on a larger acquisition? Boris Elisman Thanks for tthey question. Tthey pipeline is still strong. Ttheyre's still a lot of opportunities. Valuations are fairly high at ttheir moment in our types of markets consistent with what we've seen across tthey board. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was down to 3.8 at tthey end of Q3. So it's improving but we would still like it to continue to improve before we are ready to do anything big. So we previously said that our target range is 2.0 to 2.5. That is still tthey case. We will continue to delever both ttheir year and next. And tthey more we delever, tthey more of an opportunity for us to do something big. But our strategy is not changing. We think acquisitions are an important component of our growth strategy but we want to make sure that we're managing it prudently and building over our balance ttheyyet. William Reuter Very theylpful commentary. Thanks. Boris Elisman Thanks, Bill. Operator Thank you. Our next question today comes from Hamed Kosan from BWS Financial. Please go atheyad, Hamed. Your line is now open. Hamed Khorsand Good morning. So I just wanted to ask, if you're carrying more inventory play -- do so -- what kind of drag does ttheir have on free cash flow abilities for next year? Or are you expecting just demand to be so strong that you need that extra inventory? Neal Fenwick Obviously, one of tthey things that's driving up inventory is both tthey unpredictability of tthey supply chain and also just tthey commodity cost increases that we've been seeing. So you're correct in pointing out that as a statement wtheyn inventory goes up, it's a drag on free cash flow. With that, obviously, comes tthey fact that you increase your payables for tthey same inflation, so you get a partial offset for that. But from a free cash flow perspective, part of what we've been doing ttheir year is also working on receivables and payables. And so that's effectively going to allow us to still achieve our free cash flow target for tthey year, togettheyr with our EBITDA which is remaining very strong. And so from a tax perspective, although our tax rate went up, our cash taxes are actually coming in lower than tthey original forecast for tthey year as is our CapEx. So ttheyre are several puts and takes. But overall, we're still on track to deliver our $135 million free cash flow for tthey year. Hamed Khorsand And enough inventory going into 2022? Neal Fenwick Yes. We've got, in my view, a lot of inventory. And so if we see supply chains become more reliable, that's an opportunity in 2022 but we're going to go into 2022 with a lot of inventory compared to last year. Hamed Khorsand Okay. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Hamed. Operator Our next question today comes from Kevin Steinke from Barrington Research. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Kevin Steinke Good morning. I was wondering if you could touch on your plans for tthey international rollout or furttheyr rollout of PowerA's products as you move into 2022? And are those plans impacted at all by tthey lack of console availability. Boris Elisman Kevin, thanks for tthey question. Tthey plans for incremental expansion international are really focused on Asia. We don't have a significant presence or kind of legacy presence with PowerA in Asia and we have feet on tthey ground with ACCO. So if you look at countries like India, Japan, China. We think ttheyre are opportunities ttheyre with PowerA in tthey second half of 2022, with all that planning. To your second part of your question, we certainly hope and expect that by tthey second half of 2022, ttheyre'll be much better product availability of consults, not to impact our incremental rollout. But obviously, it will get more information to tthey contrary, we will scale our launctheys. But right now, we're not planning. We think it's a terrific opportunity, given that really half of tthey gaming world is in Asia and we have very little participation ttheyre. So, we think it's a terrific opportunity for incremental growth for us. Kevin Steinke Okay, great. Thank you for taking tthey question. Boris Elisman Thanks, Kevin. Operator Thank you. Our next question today is a follow-up from Brad Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go atheyad, Brad. Your line is now open. Brad Thomas Great, thanks. Boris and Neal, I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about CapEx. I think you lowered that to, I think you said a little under $25 million ttheir year. I believe tthey plan had originally been $30 million. That's still coming in pretty lean for what you guys theirtorically had spent. And I think of tthey business being bigger now with PowerA. So I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about what tthey needs of tthey business probably are on a normal annual basis for CapEx and some of tthey priorities ttheyre? Neal Fenwick Yes, Brad. One of tthey nice things about PowerA is we were able to leverage all tthey core systems that we'd spent a lot of money putting in. And so PowerA fundamentally, apart from just tthey take on cost of doing it ttheir year which is part of our CapEx for ttheir year, doesn't add to our CapEx burden going forward. What does drive CapEx for us fundamentally is two things. It's basically new product rollouts togettheyr with a certain level of productivity, replacement for machinery and IT. IT is really driven by ERP transitions that we have to make. And tthey next couple of ERP projects that we're working on are smaller ones we had a significantly higtheyr CapEx associated with transitioning tthey U.S./Canadian business which we spent in preceding years. And so on a go-forward basis we are pretty comfortable that CapEx will be around $30 million. Brad Thomas Great. Really theylpful. That's it for me. Thanks so much. Boris Elisman Thanks, Brad. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We currently have no furttheyr questions. So, I'll hand tthey call back to Boris Elisman for any closing remarks. Boris Elisman Thank you, Walter and thank you, everyone, for your interest in ACCO brand. We continue to see a steady recovery from tthey impacts of COVID-19 with solid increases in many of our product lines and expect that to continue in tthey fourth quarter which is our seasonally strongest quarter. We expect to generate a significant amount of free cash flow and we'll use it to reduce our debt. We remain confident about our long-term future as we continue to position tthey company to be more consumer product-oriented to higtheyr growth and strong returns for our shareholders. Thank you and we'll talk to you next time. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.