ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 17, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Zachary Hanneman - Senior Director of Investor Relations Boris Elisman - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Neal Fenwick - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Chris McGinnis - Sidoti Joe Gomes - Nobel Capital Markets, Inc Kevin Steinke - Barrington Research Hale Holden - Barclays William Reuter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Karru Martinson - Jefferies Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial Jeff Hutz - J.P. Morgan Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Fourth Quarter and Full Year ACCO Brands Earnings. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker's presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to turn tthey conference call over to your speaker today, Zachary Hanneman. Please go atheyad. Zachary Hanneman Good morning. Ttheir is Zachary Hanneman, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Welcome to ACCO Brands first quarter and full year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking on tthey call today are Boris Elisman, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACCO Brands Corporation; and Neal Fenwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides that accompany ttheir call have been posted to tthey Investor Relations section of accobrands.com. Wtheyn speaking about our results, we may refer to adjusted results. Adjusted results exclude transaction, integration and restructuring costs and reflect an adjusted tax rate. Sctheydules of adjusted results and ottheyr non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of ttheyse measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are in tthey earnings release and slides that accompany ttheir call. Due to tthey intheyrent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts, we do not reconcile our forward-looking non-GAAP measures. Forward-looking statements made during tthey call, including statements concerning tthey impacts of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on tthey company, are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of management based on information available to us at tthey time tthey statements are made. Our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and our actual results could differ materially. Among tthey factors that could cause our results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, are tthey scope and duration of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, government actions and third-party responses to it, and tthey consequences for tthey global economy, as well as regional and local economies in which we operate, uncertainties regarding how geographies, distribution channels and consumer behavior will evolve over time in response to tthey pandemic and its impact on our business, operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Please refer to our earnings release and SEC filings for an explanation of certain of ttheyse risk factors and assumptions. Our forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we assume no obligation to update ttheym going forward. Following our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session. Now I will turn tthey call over to Boris Elisman. Boris Elisman Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I will spend tthey next few minutes reviewing our fourth quarter and full year 2020 results, including tthey impact of tthey pandemic and commenting on tthey progress we are making against some of our strategic imperatives. Neal will follow me with more details and provide additional comments on our cost reductions, balance ttheyyet and cash outlook. Ttheyn we'll take your questions. I'm pleased with our fourth quarter and full-year results in light of tthey pandemic and tthey current economic conditions. In tthey quarter, both sales and profits were within our expectations with fourth quarter comparable sales down 16% and adjusted EPS of $0.32 compared with $0.46 in 2019. A large part of our adjusted EPS performance in tthey quarter, is tthey result of many cost reduction actions we took throughout tthey year. Neal will discuss that in more detail in a few minutes. As anticipated, tthey fourth quarter sales declined largely as a result of slow sales in Latin America and a seasonal swing to commercial channels in North America. In Brazil ttheyre was very limited back-to-school business as public schools remain closed. Likewise our Mexico business was down significantly as schools and many offices remain closed ttheyre as well. As a result comparable sales in Latin America were down 35% versus 2019. In North America, a resurgence in COVID-19 cases in November and December kept offices and most schools closed. Ttheir, combined with a seasonal sales swing to slower growing commercial channels were tthey primary reason North America comparable sales were down 21%. Sales of large whiteboards, bulletin boards, large shredders and laminators, binding machines and binders continued to be weak. But ttheyre were also several bright spots. Our products that are focused on consumers, technology or home usage continued to see strong demand. Several of our product lines did well all year. Our Kensington computer accessories, TruSens air purifiers and Derwent art supplies all sold well as people continued to outfit ttheyir home offices, entertain ttheymselves at home, and remain concerned about wellness. Late in tthey quarter we introduced smart air purifiers and we have ottheyr launctheys on tap in 2021 to build on our momentum in tthey wellness area, which we think will be a significant category for us over time. EMEA continued its good performance with comparable sales in tthey fourth quarter down just 1%. Country and channel fragmentation in Europe benefits us. In addition, our teams did a great job of servicing customers throughout tthey pandemic and we believe we have taken market share. Under our Leitz brand, which is highly recognizable in Europe, we introduced Leitz WOW and Leitz Cozy, colorful home office storage and organizational products to take advantage of work from home needs. Sales of personal shredders and DIY tools remained strong as more people worked from home. Kensington products also posted a solid sales gain in EMEA for tthey full year with a particularly strong fourth quarter. Overall Kensington became our top selling brand in 2020 with strong double-digit sales growth, including a significant order we referenced in tthey third quarter. We were also encouraged by progress in Australia and Asia as tthey rate of sales decline in ttheyse areas has improved sequentially since tthey second quarter. During tthey quarter, we acquired PowerA and are very excited to have that business under our umbrella. For those of you who may not know, PowerA is a leading player in video gaming accessories, such as controllers, power charging stations, and theyadphones. As many of you may be aware, tthey video gaming companies introduced tthey next generation of platforms in late 2020 and anottheyr refresh is expected in 2021 or 2022. Historically, ttheir has generated strong demand for gaming accessories for a lengthy period following tthey platform introductions. We anticipate PowerA will benefit from ttheir for a few years. In 2021 we are expecting PowerA sales growth of approximately 15% and EBITDA in tthey range of $55 million to $60 million. We are very pleased to report that our 2020 free cash flow continues to [indiscernible] coming in at $104 million, including tthey transaction cost of tthey PowerA acquisition. Overall we continue to manage tthey business well amid a theirtoric pandemic and a difficult economic environment with demand for our products being impacted in many geographies by remote education, working from home, high unemployment, and closed or disrupted business situations. Our business benefits from tthey breadth and balance of our geographic and product portfolio. We are not dependent on any one area for success and have done a good job partially mitigating channel customer and product line declines with growth somewtheyre else. While we have seen our business improve in tthey second half of 2020, ttheyre is still a lot of uncertainty around wtheyn offices and schools will reopen, which will increase demand for many of our products. All of our production and warehouse facilities have remained open to tthey extent necessary to meet customer demand. Most of our office employees continue to work from home. We continue to adapt our strategy to respond to both challenges and opportunities in tthey current environment. We are assuming a shift in consumer behavior post pandemic and are changing products and channel portfolio investments as a result. Ttheir includes making larger investments in growth areas such as video gaming accessories, wellness products, work, learn, or play from home products, and computer accessories while reducing our investments in some commercial office products, such as wide format laminators and large whiteboards as we expect demand for such products to remain weak. We are a large diversified global company with a strong balance ttheyyet and we deliver consistent strong free cash flow. As such, we are positioned well to take advantage of tthey economic recovery which we believe could occur later in 2021. Now, I will turn tthey call over to Neal for a review of tthey segments, our outlook and ottheyr financial commentary, and ttheyn I'll join them in answering your questions. Neal? Neal Fenwick Thank you, Boris, and good morning everyone. I'm going to discuss tthey impacts of COVID-19 throughout my comments. Those impacts include tthey operational, financial and ottheyr effects on ACCO Brands, our customers, and end users of our products, tthey school and business closures, work from home, remote and hybrid learning, government orders, and manufacturing distribution, supply chain or ottheyr disruptions resulting from COVID-19. And tthey actions of ACCO Brands, our customers and end users have taken in response to tthey pandemic, including actions we have taken to manage our inventory and credit risk under tthey circumstances. Most of my comments will be related to our full year results. Our 2020 reported and comparable net sales, both decreased approximately 15% due to lower demand from tthey impact of COVID-19. As Boris noted, we saw strong sales growth in product lines focused on work from home, such as our Kensington computer accessories and TruSens air purifiers. Sales to commercial channels remained very weak and drove most of tthey full year sales declines. Compared to 2019, sales to commercial and B2B customers declined 25% accounting for 80% of our sales decline. On tthey ottheyr hand ecommerce sales rose 17% while sales to tech specialist channels rose 31% partially due to a large contract in tthey third quarter and retail and mass sales were down 15% due to declines in store traffic. Full year net income was $62 million or $0.65 per share. Adjusted net income was $67 million and adjusted EPS was $0.70. Tthey primary driver of tthey year-over-year sales decline with lower volume, factors benefiting adjusted EPS wtheyre our cost production efforts bettered profits in EMEA a lower tax rate, lower interest expense and share count. Our growth margin was approximately 30% compared to 32% in 2019. Decreases occurred in all segments largely as a result of an unfavorable customer and product mix, primarily because of low demand for certain high margin commercial products as well as higtheyr import and freight costs and lower fixed cost absorption. Tthey factors were only partially offset by cost savings. SG&A expenses were $336 million compared with $390 million in 2019. SG&A as a percent of sales was 20%, roughly flat with last year, primarily because of cost reduction efforts. In addition to tthey savings related to cost of goods, we effectively maintained our SG&A costs to leverage [ph] ratio despite tthey 16% reduction in full year comparable sales. That was an outstanding achievement. As we indicated previously, we have taken many cost reduction actions in response to COVID-19 and we've participated in government assistance programs wtheyn we qualified in order to keep employees rattheyr than implementing layoffs or furloughs. In tthey first quarter of 2020 we took early temporary actions to protect tthey theyalth and safety of our employees and to aggressively reduce costs to protect our business in tthey near-term. In tthey second quarter we announced a restructuring charge to make more permanent and structural changes to our business, including theyadcount reductions, which we initiated in tthey third quarter. In tthey fourth quarter we announced additional cost reduction actions. Year end theyadcount was down 13% versus 2019. Wtheyn you add it all up, in 2020 we realized $83 million in cost savings from all our various programs. Moving on, adjusted operating income was $128 million compared with $211 million last year primarily due to lower cycles, but also from inefficiencies due to lower volume and additional provisions for bad debt expenses. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 8% versus 11%. Our adjusted tax rate for tthey full year was 26.7% and 22.7% for tthey quarter. Tthey lower tax rate in both periods was primarily driven by tthey U.S. [indiscernible] regulations issued in 2020 which benefited tthey company, lower than expected nondeductible executive compensation expense and increased research and development incentives. We anticipate our 2021 tax rate will be approximately 29% as tthey benefits connected with tthey executive compensation and research and development incentives are not likely to repeat. Now let's turn to some details of our segment results. Full year comparable net sales in North America decreased 16% to $817 million. As was tthey case for tthey total company, lower commercial channel sales growth in North America declined as many offices were closed or had limited openings. E-tail and tech channel sales both increased, but retail sales grew weaker. Sales of back-to-school products for tthey full year were down approximately 9%, while second quarter. While second quarter selling was strong, tthey second half sellout of back-to-school products were sluggish. On tthey positive side, we saw strong sales of Kensington computer accessories and PowerA contributed almost $6 million to North America sales after we closed tthey deal in mid December. Full year North America adjusted operating income was $91 million versus $137 million last year, and adjusted operating margin was 11% compared with 14%. Tthey decline was primarily a result of lower sales, but we also experienced cost inflation, inefficiencies due to lower volume, and unfavorable customer and product mix. Ttheyse factors were partially offset by cost reductions and government assistance programs. Now let's turn to EMEA. For tthey full year EMEA net sales decreased 8% to $524 million with favorable foreign exchange partially offsetting tthey decline in comparable sales, which were down approximately 10% due to tthey impacts of COVID-19. Tthey reductions in commercial sales were partially offset by growth in Kensington computer accessories, Leitz personal shredders and TruSens air purifiers. PowerA contributed $2 million to sales. We have seen improvement in EMEA with several months of less adverse results based on tthey partial recovery in our sales of commercial products. In addition, our new lines of storage and organization products, who work from home have been well received. EMEA posted an adjusted operating profit of $52 million versus $61 million in 2019, primarily due to lower sales and related inefficiencies. We also took high reserves of inventory and bad debt. Ttheyse theyadwinds were largely offset by cost savings and government assistance. Adjusted operating margin was 10% versus 11% last year. Moving to tthey International segment. Comparable sales declined significantly, because of lower demand from tthey impact of COVID-19. While all markets suffered in tthey second and third quarters, Australia sales improved in tthey fourth quarter, as tthey lockdown in Christian was rescinded and Asia sales posted sequential improvements. Mexico and Brazil continued to be severely impacted by COVID-19, as many schools and offices in both countries remain closed, and tthey retail and commercial customers that account for tthey vast majority of our sales in those markets were down significantly. In ttheyse markets, e-tail is underdeveloped, so ttheyre is no meaningful opportunity to offset tthey retail and commercial channel decline. Tthey current expectation is that ttheir situation will continue into tthey first half of 2021. International adjusted operating income was $19 million compared with $63 million last year, primarily as a result of tthey lower sales. We also had inefficiencies due to lower volume and higtheyr bad debt reserves in Latin America, partially offset by cost reductions and government assistance. Let's move now to our balance ttheyyet and cash flow. We continued to experience a higtheyr level of late payments from customers in Latin America and export markets, and our bad debt expense was $8 million for tthey full year 2020, compared with $1 million in 2019. Our South American and Mexican customers are tthey main concerns. We are actively managing our receivables and will continue to restrict our own sales to mitigate our risk as necessary. In tthey fourth quarter we reduced our provision for slow moving inventory, by approximately $4 million compared with 2019's fourth quarter, primarily due to better management and earlier recording of dated product reserves. On a year-to-date basis, total provisions were $17 million, $1 million higtheyr than 2019 levels. For tthey full year, we generated approximately $119 million of net cash from operating activities and $104 million of free cash flow, including PowerA transaction costs of $4 million, and with CapEx of $15 million. We repurchased 2.9 million shares for a net $16 million, paid approximately $24 million in dividends, and repaid $51 million of debt. In tthey fourth quarter we generated approximately $97 million in net cash from operating activities, and had $94 million of free cash flow, including PowerA transaction costs of $4 million, and $3 million of CapEx. We used our fourth quarter cash flow to partially refinance tthey PowerA acquisition and pay dividends of $6 million. Our CapEx outlook for 2021 is approximately $30 million. As we noted wtheyn we acquired PowerA and increased our debt, in tthey near term we plan to use our cash to fund our dividend, and to reduce debt. Longer term, we plan to use our free cash flow to fund our dividend, reduce debt, repurchase shares and make acquisitions. At year end, we had used $343 million of our $600 million revolving credit facility and have $37 million of cash on hand. Our pro-forma bank net leverage ratio was 4.3 times, which is in line with wtheyre we expected it to be after tthey purchase of PowerA. Given our financial strength, and tthey proactive steps we have taken to reduce costs, we expect to be able to maintain good liquidity, as we manage through tthey current environment. Now let's turn to our outlook. It continues to be difficult to forecast longer term in ttheir environment, because ttheyre is so much uncertainty as a result of COVID-19. For 2021, we expect business impacts from COVID-19 will continue to vary significantly by geographic region and country, depending upon a range of factors, including how seriously tthey pandemic is affecting public theyalth in tthey country, tthey delivery and effectiveness of vaccines, wtheyttheyr and to what degree businesses and schools are open, and tthey general seasonality of our business in a country, tthey nature and level of government support and tthey channel structure. We are hopeful that as mass vaccinations roll out, we will see reduced impacts from COVID-19, particularly in tthey second half of ttheir year, wtheyn we anticipate an economic recovery. Ttheir should continue through all of 2022. Out first quarter is typically our seasonally smallest quarter. Excluding PowerA, we expect overall demand in tthey first quarter to be down relative to 2020, wtheyn we saw very little impact from COVID-19. Ttheir is tthey last quarter we'll face comparisons with tthey pre-COVID world. First quarter demand is anticipated to be especially weak in Latin America and our commercial products will continue to reflect weaker demand versus tthey pre-pandemic comparisons. Partially offsetting ttheir, we expect to continue to make strong progress on our growth initiatives globally and regionally. We expect to have organic sales growth in EMEA. Beginning with tthey first quarter of 2021, we are changing tthey way we calculate and report adjusted non-GAAP results by excluding non-cash amortization of intangible assets. Tthey company has made several large acquisitions over tthey past few years and has publicly committed to continue to transform its business through acquisitions in tthey near future. As a result of our acquisition strategy, we have and likely will continue to have in tthey foreseeable future, a large amount of acquisition related amortization expense. We believe that ttheir change will enhance tthey usefulness of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to investors, because it reflects tthey underlying operating results before amortization expense, which is not associated with core operations and facilitate meaningful period-to-period and clear comparisons. In our attachments to tthey earnings release, we have restated our 2020 and 2019 non-GAAP measures to reflect tthey new adjustment. Our first quarter 2021 outlook reflects our new definition of adjusted earnings. We anticipate a strong first quarter for PowerA. As such, our first quarter outlook for tthey entire company is for sales to be in tthey range of flat to up 4%. Tthey first quarter adjusted earnings per share, excluding amortization are expected to be in a range of $0.00 to $0.06. Tthey outlook includes a favorable foreign exchange impact of 4% on sales and $0.02 on adjusted EPS. We anticipate approximately $12 million of pre-tax intangible amortization will be excluded in tthey first quarter, based on our new definition of adjusted earnings, which represents $0.09 on an adjusted EPS basis. We have reinstated tthey compensation and benefits reductions we took in 2020. We also are planning to invest more in growth initiatives to support anticipated stronger second half demand. As such, our SG&A expenses will increase in 2021 in all quarters. We expect our productivity programs will deliver a more normal level of approximately $30 million to $40 million in savings for tthey full year. With respect to our cash flow outlook, we feel confident that we can generate at least $165 million of operating cash flow for tthey full year. With CapEx expected to be approximately $30 million we expect to generate at least $135 million of free cash flow. PowerA, we are not making normal level of free cash flow contribution in 2021, due to tthey structure of tthey acquisitions agreement. In late December, we effectively acquired PowerA without normal levels of accounts receivable and payable. Ttheir will be subsequently reflected as a reduction in tthey purchase price. As we restore normal levels of accounts receivable and payable in 2021, we will see a reduced level of free cash flow from PowerA as working capital will be abnormally high use of cash. We will return to a normal working capital cycle and free cash flow contribution from PowerA next year. Now let's move on to Q&A, wtheyre Boris and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from Chris McGinnis from Sidoti & Company. Your line is open. Chris McGinnis Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I know it's very - I know it's early Boris, but I just want to ask back for maybe tthey conversations you're having with retailers now maybe its too early but it seems like it should be a bit more positive year than hopefully tthey last year? Ttheyn I also just want to ask about tthey change in e-commerce. How does that shift tthey buying patterns and can you just explain your thoughts around tthey back-to-school for North America ttheir upcoming year and any color you can provide on that? Thank you. Boris Elisman Yes, thanks for tthey question Chris. It is a little bit too early for back-to-school, but let me share with you how we're thinking about it. We do think that North America back-to-school will be much more skewed towards physical presence of school children. If you remember last year and we talked about back-to-school, in Q3 we said that around 75% were remote, or hybrid and only 25% were going to school physically. We believe that tthey numbers will probably be reversed. Again, ttheir is our -- I currently believe it is a fluid situation by certainly what we are theyaring it is pointing that way. Retailers do have carryover inventory that ttheyy have from last season because tthey sell out was weak. So we expect as a result of that and all of tthey uncertainty ttheyy'll be fairly conservative, and ttheyy are upfront purchases and ttheyn as ttheyy see tthey sellout ttheyy will chase tthey supply, which will likely benefit domestic manufacturers such as such as ACCO Brands. So, ttheyre's nothing more specific that we can provide at ttheir point, because due to all tthey uncertainty some of tthey decisions are being delayed until later times and more clarity is provided. But that's kind of how we're thinking about it, going into it. As far as e-commerce is concerned, as Neal mentioned, for us it was a big winner in 2020 with 17% of growth in that channel for tthey year. All tthey trends ttheyre continue. We think e-commerce will continue to be a winner in 2021, both overall, but also for back-to-school, ttheyy were a big winner for back-to-school as well and that should continue and we are well positioned to benefit from growth in e-commerce, both third party e-commerce players, as well as our own direct-to-consumer sales. Chris McGinnis Thanks for taking tthey question, I'll jump back in queue. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks Chris. Operator And your next question will come from Bradley Thomas from KeyBanc Capital Market. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Good morning. Ttheir is Andrew on for Brad. I just wanted to talk about, we've all theyard tthey news that Staples has proposed to acquire Office Depot, was wondering if you could remind us how big those customers are to you and what level of risk might ttheyre be if that deal came to fruition? Boris Elisman Both customers are less than 10% for us. So you know, beyond that, we don't really provide details, but ttheyy are significantly smaller than ttheyy used to be. We think if something were to happen ttheyre, tthey risk is very manageable. We are assuming for tthey next forecasting period, that sales in that particular channel will continue to decline. So if ttheyy decline a little bit more, as a result of any potential combination, we think we can manage that pretty well. Unidentified Analyst Understood, thank you. I will jump back in tthey queue. Boris Elisman Thank you, Andrew. Operator And your next question will come from Joe Gomes from Nobel Capital. Your line is open. Joe Gomes Good morning, Boris and Neal. Thanks for taking tthey question. Boris Elisman Good morning, Joe. Joe Gomes I was wondering, EMEA had a really nice quarter relative to what's going on theyre, but towards tthey end of tthey year now theyre into tthey, obviously into January we were seeing tthey new stories of new types of virus strains, especially in tthey UK. Just kind of, if you could kind of go over tthey quarter, did you see monthly sequential improvement and how has that kind of played out so far theyre in tthey first quarter? Is it kind of stalled due to some more of ttheyse new variants of tthey virus coming out? Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Joe. EMEA continues to perform really well, continues to perform really well in tthey second half of tthey year and that was certainly tthey case in Q4, wtheyre ttheyir sales were down slightly over 1% versus 2019. Ttheyre are several factors that benefit us in EMEA. Tthey fact that we sell to 27 different countries, and we're not dependent on any one to execute flawlessly is a big benefit. Very fragmented channel structure is a big benefit. How tthey European governments have managed tthey pandemic, and especially tthey support ttheyy provided to employment to keeping people employed, is a big benefit. Tthey fact that much of our sales, around 40% of our sales in EMEA take place in Germany and Germany is one of tthey countries that best managed tthey pandemic. And tthey job that our team has done, both in supporting customers through ttheyse difficult times and becoming a de facto go to company during ttheyse difficult times, as well as tthey emphasis we have on growth initiatives in EMEA and ttheyy are fairly broad compared to some of our ottheyr regions, so all of those in combinations portend really well for us and we're six weeks into 2021. And that momentum that we had in tthey second half of tthey year and in Q4 in EMEA certainly has continued into tthey initial couple of weeks of 2021. Joe Gomes Thanks for that Boris. I'll get back in queue. Boris Elisman Thank you, Joe. Operator And your next question will come from Kevin Steinke from Barrington Research. Your line is open. Kevin Steinke Good morning. Neal, in your prepared comments, you talked about reinstating incentive compensation in 2021 and also growth initiatives ttheir year. And ttheyn also tthey $30 million to $40 million of savings you expect, I'm just trying to get a sense for tthey size of tthey incentive compensation and growth initiatives, how much we should expect that to be in terms of increased expense versus 2020? Neal Fenwick Yes, I guess tthey first point is it will be variable depending on our performance, because all of our incentives are, but it is a theyadwind year-over-year and it's a significant one in tthey kind of double-digit millions. So closer towards 17-ish million in terms of total theyadwind assuming that we hit all of our performance targets. And, it's an important piece of tthey momentum that we expect to see in tthey business is getting tthey worldwide teams focused on growing tthey business again. It's for tthey full year, obviously, that impact and it will have an impact each quarter, but tthey business hopefully will be recovering to drive that. Kevin Steinke Okay, great. That's very theylpful. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Neal Fenwick Thanks, Kevin. Operator Your next question will come from Hale Holden from Barclays. Your line is open. Hale Holden Good morning, thanks for taking my call. I just had two questions. In tthey slide deck, you called out some commodity costs, theyadwinds or input cost theyadwinds and I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on that? And ttheyn, in tthey presentation Boris, you talked a little bit about how reopening in Australia had gone well, once Christian had lifted restrictions, and I was wondering, if ttheyre are any takeaways we could get from that for what tthey broader business could look like wtheyn restrictions fall away? Boris Elisman Sure, regarding inflation, and I'll let Neal add to that as well, but right now, what we're seeing driving tthey most inflation is supply chain costs associated with product coming from Asia to tthey ottheyr parts of tthey world. Ttheyre's a container shortage in China as a result of tthey imbalance and trade between what's coming in, into China, what's going out of China and that's driving huge increases in container costs and inbound freight and we're seeing that throughout tthey world, in U.S. and in Europe, and in ottheyr parts of tthey world. We expect those costs to stay elevated in tthey near term. Hopefully, ttheyy'll decline in tthey second half of tthey year, but certainly in tthey near term, we expect ttheym to stay elevated. That's what's driving tthey fairly significant inflation that we're seeing right now. As far as ottheyr commodities are concerned, it's been fairly benign, although certainly oil is up compared to tthey prior year, so that's going to drive some level of inflation. And ttheyn, people costs, as Neal answered to a previous question will certainly be a source of inflation as well. Neal, do have anything to add to that? Neal Fenwick Yes, ttheyre's one ottheyr, which was we saw a lot of currency fluctuations during tthey year as a whole and so overall FX for us was an adverse drag. And because we source a lot of product in China or U.S. dollars and sell it in international markets in local currencies, it's a source of inflation in those markets. Boris Elisman Hale, I'm sorry, and remind me of your second question, please? Hale Holden You have talked about reopening in Australia and some of tthey benefits you had seen ttheyre wtheyn tthey restrictions fell away I think at Christian, and I was just wondering if ttheyre were takeaways for ottheyr markets we could think through? Boris Elisman Yes, Australia, as many of you know, also is one of tthey countries that managed tthey pandemic very well. Ttheyy have very low incidence of COVID. Ttheyir schools are open, ttheyir offices are open. We saw little decline in Australia in tthey second half of tthey year, a little decline in Q4 and in fact that in December ttheyir sales were up compared to prior year. So certainly, we're hopeful that if that's how tthey world's going to look like, after we recover from COVID, that as people go back to tthey offices, we'll see similar levels of performance and demand. But Australia numbers were good in tthey second half of tthey year. Hale Holden Great, thank you very much. Boris Elisman Thanks, Hale. Operator And your next question will call from William Reuter from Bank of America. Your line is open. William Reuter Hi, so my first question is on tthey cost savings, tthey $80 million or so that you saved last year, some of those were temporary and some are permanent. Have you talked about what component of those may be coming back ttheir year? Boris Elisman Well, certainly tthey incentive part that Neal talked about is going to come back. Some of tthey -- we also took some salary cuts and that’s obviously, is going to come back. And ttheyn we also significantly reduced discretionary spend throughout tthey company with tthey sales decline and that's going to be variable of tthey sales upcoming back, ttheyn we will invest more. Obviously, if things get delayed, as far as recovery is concerned that we will temper down on those expenses as well. We don't really have it broken down by a proportion of how much is temporary, how much is permanent. As Neal mentioned in response to tthey previous question, most of our anticipated increases in expenses ttheir year have to do with restoring tthey incentive compensation and ttheyn tthey discretionary expenses will depend on sales. William Reuter Okay. And ttheyn you mentioned freight, I know that logistics in terms of supply chain from Asia has been getting a little bit messed up at times. In terms of PowerA, given tthey console launctheys, I would imagine ttheyy have some pretty good tailwinds theyre, and it's important to get product on tthey ttheyylves. Is ttheyre any concern that ttheyre could be some disruption ttheyre that may, I guess, delay sales or eliminate ttheym? Boris Elisman PowerA has managed ttheyir supply chain fairly well, given what's going on. Tthey lead times associated with some of ttheyir products are up to six months or so. So ttheyy have to be well atheyad of it and ttheyy are planning for growth. So ttheyy're ordering tthey products up front. We could always use more product. Right now we are really supply constrained versus demand constrained, but kind of given tthey plans that I've outlined and given what we anticipate to happen throughout 2021, I think PowerA is in fairly decent shape. And a lot of tthey delays in tthey port in tthey West Coast are starting to reduce, so that's also theylping. William Reuter Good to theyar. All right, I'll pass it to ottheyrs. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Bill. Operator And your next question will come from Karru Martinson from Jefferies. Your line is open. Karru Martinson Good morning. With tthey success of tthey PowerA acquisition and certainly tthey demand being ttheyre, what's tthey outlook for M&A for you guys as you look at your capital structures and kind of getting back to that 2 to 2.5 times target leverage ratio? Boris Elisman Well, ttheir year we're going to be focusing on delivering tthey business and supporting our dividend. If ttheyre is a small acquisition and wtheyn I say small, let's say less than $50 million, that's a tuck-in, that makes sense, we'll take a look at it, but we're not contemplating anything large ttheir year. We'll be focused on integrating PowerA and delivering tthey business and ttheyn come 2022, we think we will be in position potentially to do more, but right now tthey focus is on integration and delivering. Karru Martinson Okay and just given tthey cap structure, tthey notes 2024 callable, what's your thoughts ttheyre? Boris Elisman We wanted to -- what happens in tthey capital markets all of tthey time and it's something we're well aware of and as coal gets ctheyaper later in tthey year as well. Karru Martinson All right, thank you very much. I appreciate it. Boris Elisman Thanks, Karru Operator And your next question will come from Hamed Khorsand from BWS Financial. Your line is open. Hamed Khorsand Good morning. I was just wanting to see how much, or how -- tthey delta between last year sales in 2019 that was harmed because of equipment sales, how much of that do you think comes back ttheir year? And are you planning to increase any of tthey equipment manufacturing to have adequate supply? Boris Elisman Thanks for tthey question Hamed. It's difficult to say. We have better visibility near term, that's why we provided guidance for Q1 only, and certainly in Q1 we don't expect a recovery compared to 2019. We expect tthey kind of level of sales that we saw, or tthey trend that we saw in tthey second half of tthey year and in Q4 to continue in Q1. We're certainly hopeful that things will begin to recover in tthey second half of tthey year and if ttheyy do, and people start going back to ttheyir offices that we do expect a recovery in equipment sales as well. Right now, we don't really anticipate that. Even if that happens and that recovered to tthey level of 2019, we think that's a little bit too quickly, but any recovery will be good recovery. That's an important business for us and if it starts growing, it will certainly theylp with our performance. Neal Fenwick I mean just to reiterate right that point, different countries tthey recovery will be different times. And you know we certainly expect South America to recover slower. And so, we do anticipate a recovering environment all tthey way through 2022, as I mentioned in my remarks. Hamed Khorsand Got it. Thank you very much. Neal Fenwick Thanks, Hamed. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Jeff Hutz from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open. Jeff Hutz Hi, thanks for taking tthey question. Just two quick ones on PowerA, did you say how PowerA is doing since you acquired it, meaning in January and February? That's question one. And tthey second part is, can you remind us, is PowerA gross margin and EBITDA margin accretive, and we know it's growth accretive, but just on tthey margin front, is it accretive or how does it stack up? Thanks. Boris Elisman Thanks, Jeff. We didn't say, but PowerA is doing really well in tthey six weeks since we acquired ttheym, so we're very pleased with ttheyir performance and growth. And as far as margins are concerned, I know ttheyy are EBITDA accretive, very significantly, EBITDA accretive. As far as gross margins Neal, I'll let you comment on that, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're positive. Neal Fenwick Ttheyy're very much in line. Boris Elisman In line with our averages and tthey gross margin level and part of why ttheyy are EBITDA accretive is because we left ttheyir former owner with all of tthey fixed costs. So once we're off tthey transition services agreement, we're able to leverage our fixed cost base, and that's what makes it really incrementally much stronger EBITDA. Jeff Hutz Great, thank you. Boris Elisman Thanks, Jeff. Operator We have no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. I'll turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters for closing remarks. Boris Elisman Thank you, Jack. Thank you, everybody for your interest in ACCO Brands. To summarize, while we continued to see impacts of COVID-19 in our business in Q4, I'm pleased with our overall response and relative results. With tthey addition of PowerA we will continue to transform our business towards being more consumer-focused and are well positioned to benefit from economic recovery, which could occur later ttheir year. We look forward to reporting on our progress at our next call. Have a great day. Operator Thank you, everyone for joining us today. Ttheir will conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.