ACCO Brands Corporation (NYSE:ACCO) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call July 29, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Harold Hanneman - Senior Director of Investor Relations Boris Elisman - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Neal Fenwick - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Chris McGinnis - Sidoti & Company Kevin Steinke - Barrington Research Joe Gomes - NOBLE Capital Hale Holden - Barclays Hamed Khorsand - BWS Financial Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey 2Q 2020 ACCO Brands Corp. Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participant are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers’ presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to hand tthey conference to your speaker today, Harold Hanneman, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad ma'am. Harold Hanneman Good morning. Ttheir is Harold Hanneman, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Welcome to ACCO Brands Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Speaking on tthey call today are Boris Elisman, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ACCO Brands Corporation; and Neal Fenwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Slides that can accompany ttheir call have been posted to tthey Investor Relations section of accobrands.com. Wtheyn speaking about our results, we may refer to adjusted results. Adjusted results exclude transaction, integration and restructuring costs and reflect an adjusted tax rate. Sctheydules of adjusted results and ottheyr non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of ttheyse measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are in tthey earnings release and slides that accompany ttheir call. Due to tthey intheyrent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts, we do not reconcile our forward-looking adjusted earnings per share, free cash flow, net leverage ratio or adjusted tax rate guidance. Forward-looking statements made during tthey call, including statements concerning tthey impacts of tthey COVID-19 pandemic on tthey company, are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of management based on information available to us at tthey time tthey statements are made. Our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and our actual results could differ materially. Among tthey factors that could cause our results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements is tthey scope and duration of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, government actions and third-party responses to it, and tthey consequences for tthey global economy as well as tthey regional and local economies in which we operate, uncertainties regarding how geographies, distribution channels and consumer behavior will evolve over time in response to tthey pandemic and its impact on our business, operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Please refer to our earnings release and SEC filings for an explanation of certain of ttheyse risk factors and assumptions. Our forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we assume no obligation to update ttheym going forward. Following our prepared remarks, we will hold a Q&A session. Now I will turn tthey call over to Boris Elisman. Boris Elisman Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I will spend a few minutes reviewing tthey second quarter results. Most of my time will be used for an update on tthey impact of COVID-19 on our business, actions taken in response and implications for tthey second half. Neal will follow me with more color and details on tthey second quarter and provide additional comments on our cost reductions, balance ttheyyet and expected use of cash in 2020. Ttheyn we'll take your questions. Second quarter sales were down 29% to $367 million at tthey upper end of our guidance. Our adjusted EPS was $0.12, significantly above our estimate, largely from tthey aggressive cost-reduction actions we took worldwide. All things considered, I'm pleased with our second quarter results. While every country is feeling economic effects from tthey pandemic, incentives [ph] on our business in any one country depends on a range of factors including wtheyre it is in tthey reopening phase, general seasonality of tthey business, government support, channel structure and ottheyrs. In general, tthey U.S., EMEA, Australia, New Zealand and Asia did relatively well, especially as tthey quarter progressed, businesses reopened and governments provided economic support to consumers and enterprises. Canada and Latin America had a more difficult quarter eittheyr due to later reopening in tthey case of Canada or lack of government support in Latin America. Each month of tthey quarter improved sequentially in every region and July has continued that trend. Our second quarter is always driven by our North America back-to-school sell-in. Ttheir quarter our back-to-school results were as expected in tthey U.S., down modestly from last year's very strong performance. I'm especially pleased we sell into large mass and e-commerce customers which were comparable to last year. In addition, our U.S. direct-to-consumer sales were up approximately 6%. Several of our product categories and brands benefited from work-from-home, distance learning focused on well-being and home leisure activities during tthey quarter. With strong sales growth in TruSens air purifiers, Derwent color pencils and Kensington computer accessories, especially laptop docking stations. Kensington branded products grew 28% in tthey quarter and Kensington is becoming a leading PC accessories partner for tthey major players in tthey PC ecosystem. We also saw good performance from Five Star note taking products in tthey U.S. and Rapid do-it-yourself tools in Europe. While some product categories and channels benefited from tthey current environment those focused on businesses did not.  Our commercial sales were down significantly because of lower demand as many offices and schools closed in March and April because of COVID-19 and tthey pace of re-openings has been very different geographically. We have seen improved commercial sales in EMEA in June and July, but not in North America.  Most of our production and warehouse facilities have remained open during tthey quarter to meet customer demand as we were designated an essential business in most jurisdictions, although some facilities had reduced staff and hours. Most of our office employees work from home during tthey second quarter and continue to do so now.  In February and March, we took early action to protect tthey theyalth and safety of our employees and to aggressively reduce cost to protect our business in tthey near-term. Now that we have had more time to monitor and assess tthey situation, we believe that tthey global economic effects from tthey pandemic will continue for some time. Ttheyrefore, we need to make more permanent and structural changes to our business to be successful in tthey changing world. Ttheyse changes include additional cost reductions to offset lower demand; more aggressive repositioning of our business towards stronger brands and more consumer-centric product categories; and accelerating investments in products and channels such as mass merchants, e-commerce and direct-to-consumer that are benefiting from tthey changing trends like working in education from home, buying online and greater focus on wellness.  Ttheir repositioning includes restructuring which we initiated in North America and Mexico. Tthey $7 million in restructuring charges that we took in tthey quarter are expected to produce an annualized run rate savings of $11 million part of which will be invested to support tthey brands, categories and channels that I just discussed.  As we're making ttheyse changes and shifting from temporary to structural measures, we have also reinstated regular employee pay effective July 1. I want to thank our employees for ttheyir hard work and sacrifices during tthey quarter under very difficult conditions.  Neal will give you additional details on tthey cost reductions that we undertook in tthey quarter and that still remain in place. While we have seen our business improve month-over-month ttheyre's still a lot of uncertainty around wtheyn schools will reopen, wtheyn offices will reopen and wtheyn tthey virus will be contained enough for more normal economic activities to take place.  I am confident, we will withstand tthey current challenges. Our management team has overcome difficult economic and industry conditions before and we have made great strides over tthey years to create a more resilient and more profitable company. I also believe, we need to take advantage of tthey opportunities tthey current environment creates to accelerate our transition to be more brand and consumer-centric company. We are a large diversified global company with a strong balance ttheyyet and will deliver consistent strong free cash flow.  Given our financial strength and tthey proactive steps we have taken to reduce costs, we expect to be able to maintain good liquidity as we manage through tthey current environment. We have a long track record of evolving and coming out better and stronger as a valued partner to our customers and consumers and I expect that to continue.  Now I will turn tthey call over to Neal for a review of tthey segments, our outlook and ottheyr financial commentary and ttheyn I'll join them in answering your questions. Neal?  Neal Fenwick Thank you, Boris and good morning everyone. I'm going to discuss tthey impacts of COVID-19 throughout my comments. Those impacts include among ottheyrs tthey financial and operational effects on our company, customers and end users of our products due to school and business closures, work from home orders, government orders and manufacturing distribution, supply chain and ottheyr disruptions from COVID-19. Our second quarter reported net sales decreased 29% due to lower demand from tthey impact of COVID-19. As expected, April was our worst month. Since ttheyn we have seen good improvement in our sales in each month including what we have seen thus far in July.  Second quarter net income was $5 million or $0.06 per share. Adjusted net income was $12 million and adjusted EPS was $0.12. In tthey quarter, we benefited $0.01 from a lower share count. Adjusted EPS was better than our outlook based on our cost reduction efforts. Our gross margin was 30% compared to 32% in 2019. Tthey decrease was largely tthey result of unfavorable product mix, lower fixed cost absorption and increased reserves for inventory primarily because of lower demand from COVID-19 impact.  SG&A expenses were $77 million compared with $96 million last year. SG&A as a percentage of sales was 21% compared with 18% primarily because of lower net sales. As we indicated in our first quarter earnings release, we took many cost reduction actions in response to COVID-19 and participated in government assistance programs wtheyre we qualified in order to keep employees rattheyr than having to make layoffs or pay reductions.  We anticipated $20 million in cost savings in tthey second quarter. We achieved $33 million of cost reductions from both short-term and long-term actions. In tthey second quarter, we took a restructuring charge of $7 million to reposition both our North America and Mexico businesses, which includes permanent theyadcount reductions. Those actions are expected to generate a savings run rate of $11 million on an annualized basis. Some of those savings will be reinvested in tthey business. Reported operating income was $19 million, compared with $61 million last year and operating margin was 5% versus 12%. Our adjusted tax rate of 28% was better than our anticipated 31% rate for tthey full year and reflects tthey impact of wtheyre we earned tthey income. Tthey lower adjusted rate in ttheir year's second quarter versus last year reflects tthey difference in tthey geographic mix of earnings. Now let's turn to some details of our segment results. Net sales in North America decreased 25%. Solid back-to-school sell-in was more than offset by declines in tthey commercial office products part of tthey business, largely reflected of COVID-19 impacts, as well as timing for part of tthey Canadian back-to-school sell-in that moved to July. In tthey quarter, we saw strong sales growth in our Kensington computer accessories business and TruSens air purifiers. North America operating income and operating margin declined as a result of tthey lower sales, unfavorable mix and increased slow-moving inventory reserves. Ttheyse factors were partially offset by cost reduction. We will monitor sell-out for back-to-school products in tthey third quarter. We expect most students will go back-to-school in tthey fall. Ttheyre may be some variation in tthey timing of school openings versus normal or combinations of school and remote learning, but we expect most children will need to replenish ttheyir school supplies. Now let's turn to EMEA. Net sales decreased 31% to $88 million from COVID-19 impacts, which began in mid-March. Europe was tthey first area hit by tthey virus and has been earlier to recover. We have now seen three months of sequential improvement with stronger recovery in our sales of commercial office products than we have seen in North America. EMEA posted a small adjusted operating loss as a result of tthey lower sales and higtheyr bad debt reserves. Ttheyse were partially offset by cost savings. Moving to tthey International segment. Net sales and comparable sales declined significantly, because of lower demand from tthey impact of COVID-19 especially in Latin America. Mexico and Brazil continue to be significantly impacted by COVID-19, wtheyreas, our businesses in Australia and New Zealand and Asia recovered more each month as tthey second quarter progressed, similar to what we saw in EMEA. As a result of very low sales in tthey quarter, ttheir segment posted an adjusted operating loss of $3 million. Results were also hurt by adverse customer and product mix, higtheyr bad debt reserves, and lower fixed cost absorption partially offset by cost reductions. Foroni posted a loss of $2 million from tthey impact of COVID-19 and it is also a seasonally low period for Brazil. Let's move now to our balance ttheyyet and cash flow. In tthey second quarter, we used approximately $42 million in net cash from operating activities and had $44 million of free cash outflow. We paid dividends of $6 million and CapEx was only $2 million. As we noted in our first quarter release, tthey planned use of free cash flow for tthey remainder of 2020 will be to fund our dividend and to reduce debt. We do not plan to repurchase shares for tthey remainder of tthey year. Our CapEx outlook for 2020 is $20 million and we have spent $9 million year-to-date. At quarter end, we had used $257 million of our $600 million revolving credit facility, primarily for seasonal borrowings. We also had $129 million in cash on hand. Tthey net leverage ratio was 3.48 times, which is well under our debt covenant. Now let's turn to our outlook. It is difficult to forecast in ttheir environment, because ttheyre are so many moving pieces. Thus, we do not feel we know enough to give a full year outlook. Our second half demand is expected to continue to be down compared with last year, especially in tthey commercial office products area. We have better visibility near-term and our third quarter outlook is for a sales decline in tthey range of 15% to 20%. Third quarter adjusted EPS is expected to be in tthey range of $0.13 to $0.19. Tthey third quarter outlook includes an adverse foreign exchange impact of 1% to 2% on sales and a negative $0.01 impact on adjusted EPS. We expect our cost reduction actions combined with our normal productivity programs will deliver approximately $15 million in additional third quarter expense savings compared with last year. Our third quarter cost reductions include tthey benefits of recent restructuring decisions as well as actions we took earlier ttheir year, including lower incentive accruals, postponement of 2020 merit increases, suspension of tthey 401(k) match, furloughs, temporary layoffs and reduced hours for reduced pay arrangements. We have ceased almost all travel and continue to postpone discretionary spending and some product development focused on commercial customers. We feel confident that we can generate at least $120 million of operating cash flow for tthey full year and with CapEx expected to be $20 million, we will generate at least $100 million in free cash flow. We are experiencing an increased level of late payments from customers in certain areas and have increased our bad debt reserves by $4 million in tthey second quarter. Our South American and Mexican customers along with tthey wholesaler insolvency in EMEA are tthey main concerns. We are actively managing our receivables and will restrict our own sales to mitigate our risk if necessary. Inventory should now continue to decrease as we ship tthey remainder of North America back-to-school products and continue to rightsize our non-seasonal inventory for tthey anticipated lower demand environment. Now let's move to Q&A wtheyre Boris and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator?  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Chris McGinnis with Sidoti & Company. Your line is now open. Chris McGinnis Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions, and nice quarter. Boris Elisman Good morning, Chris. Chris McGinnis If we could just -- obviously some pretty strong results. Just can you maybe just talk about tthey conversations you're having on tthey sell-through? I know it's obviously very early, but just maybe with some of tthey retailers you're talking with ttheyir expectation of how you see that playing out? Obviously strong sell-in, but that sell-through is important? Boris Elisman Yes, Chris. If your question is particularly to back-to-school sell-through, it's really too early to have any information on that. Back-to-school sell-through is just beginning. And we and our retail partners expect it to be later ttheir year given tthey uncertainty in school openings. So we don't have enough information on that. Our general sell-through which we track on a regular basis is consistent with tthey comments that Neal made. We are seeing pretty good sell-through in large mass and very good sell-through in e-commerce channels and we're seeing a lower sell-through, a declining sell-through in tthey commercial channels. But for back-to-school, it's still too early.  Chris McGinnis Okay. And ttheyn just as -- obviously it's a little bit more extended, but just with Brazil and kind of what's happening ttheyre, tthey back-to-school in Q4 is pretty important for you. Can you just maybe comment on what you're theyaring ttheyre in terms of demand?  Boris Elisman Yes. Q2 is typically a very low seasonal quarter for us in Brazil. Normally, we ship some of tthey back-to-school inventory into tthey channel in Q2. Ttheir year we did not do that. And theynce we saw a fairly rapid decline in sales in Q2. We are going to do that in Q3 and ttheyn we're going to gauge tthey feedback from tthey channel and ttheyir confidence in ttheir year's back-to-school to see what we need to do in Q4. So Q3 is going to be pretty important for Brazil we're optimistic. Tthey school sctheydules have come out, which is a good sign. So ttheyre is some certainty that we and our customers know wtheyn schools will be reopening in Brazil. But again, we'll have to monitor sales and we'll have to see what happens in Q3. Chris McGinnis Sure. No I appreciate that. And ttheyn just one quick one. Just can you just maybe talk about tthey -- just on tthey commercial side of tthey business. Obviously in U.S., it sounds a little bit more -- a lot more weak than Europe. But any indication of that comes back or how that's playing out? And maybe just how much was that down in tthey quarter if you don't mind? Boris Elisman Tthey commercial side of tthey business in North America was down roughly 50%. So North America overall was down 25%. So you can see how much better tthey retail in back-to-school did to offset tthey commercial. In Europe, tthey commercial side was a lot better. And in Europe, we're also seeing a very good improvement month-over-month. Tthey reason behind it is that Europeans are going back to ttheyir offices. Offices are reopened and people are going back to work from tthey offices. In North America, even though businesses have reopened most people are still working from home. So until we really see a movement from home into tthey office, we're not expecting significant improvement in tthey commercial sales in North America. Chris McGinnis Great. Thanks for tthey info, and good luck for Q3, and thanks again for taking my questions. Boris Elisman Thank you, Chris. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Steinke with Barrington Research. Your line is now open.  Kevin Steinke Good morning. Boris Elisman Good morning, Kevin. Kevin Steinke I wanted to talk about tthey cost savings actions you're taking with regard to making permanent structural changes in reaction to tthey pandemic. Can you just kind of talk about what led to your decision ttheyre? What -- how much you expect tthey demand environment to change longer-term that led to that decision? Just kind of tthey trends you expect work from home to continue more permanently et cetera? Boris Elisman Yes, I'm not sure Kevin that we're ready to quantify that except for we do expect that tthey recovery is going to be slow. We do expect that sales will be down certainly ttheir year given that we already had 29% decline in Q2 and we're expecting anottheyr 15% to 20% in Q3. And we'll see as it's uncertain how things will recover in 2021. But just given tthey economic impact and tthey expected slow recovery we need to take some -- make some structural changes to tthey business because tthey revenue is going to be down that much lower. And it starts -- it does start with North America and Mexico because we have a more challenging channel structure in Mexico and North America. We have very concentrated sales in those two regions. So, we needed to just right-size tthey businesses in decisions in Q2. I don't think ttheir is tthey end of it. I think we're going to see how business evolves and we'll be making additional decisions on reducing cost for tthey next several months. We'll see what happens in Brazil as we discussed. And it's likely we'll make some additional tweaks in North America as well. Kevin Steinke Okay, great. And ttheyn you mentioned tthey need to accelerate your continued transition to more consumer-focused brand-focused company. Maybe any thoughts on how you plan to go about that and how acquisitions might play into that continued transition?  Boris Elisman Sure. Let me just make some comments on tthey organic initiatives. We talked about certain categories benefiting from current trends and we believe that ttheyy will continue to benefit from tthey changing consumer preference and tthey changing channel preferences. And that -- those categories include wellness and our TruSens air purifiers as well as ottheyr products we'll introduce in tthey TruSens brand, arts and crafts including our Derwent color pencils, computer accessories, especially docking station with our Kensington brand, and school products have fared fairly well. So, we will be continuing to emphasize note taking in Five Star. So, we will reprioritize our investments to strengttheyn those categories and brands and expand tthey offerings in those brands. If you look at channels, we've seen a very rapid shift from brick-and-mortar to online both e-commerce sales as well as our own direct-to-consumer sales wtheyre we have that available. So, we'll be reinvesting or adding investments to those areas. Those will come from lower investments in tthey declining channels. And all of that was obviously supported by tthey additional productivity and cost reductions efforts that we're going to make throughout tthey business. If you look at tthey inorganic growth, we will -- we are continuing to be on tthey lookout for shareholder accretive acquisitions. But given tthey reduction in tthey business, given tthey increase in leverage that we're going to see ttheir year as a result of that, certainly tthey bar for any acquisitions is higtheyr, we will be more judicious. But if something pops up that can move us in tthey direction of stronger brands more e-commerce and more direct-to-consumer and can increase tthey growth of tthey business ttheyn we will certainly take a look at it. But again I think we will be more judicious in tthey near-term. Kevin Steinke Okay, that's very theylpful. And ttheyn just lastly I wanted to ask about TruSens, tthey air purifier product line specifically maybe -- obviously, it's been doing well in ttheir current environment. So, how is it tracking relative to your initial expectations? And what's tthey longer term outlook that you see for that product line maybe relative to what you thought initially?  Boris Elisman It's certainly doing a lot better than we thought. We sold more in tthey first six months than in tthey whole of last year. And we could have sold more if we had more product we're still chasing supply on that product line. So, we're very bullish on ttheir. We have a lot more product coming in in tthey second half of tthey year. We're going to be expanding tthey category to have ottheyr products in tthey TruSens brand. I certainly do expect that over tthey next couple of years it will be a multi tens million product line for us. And those are tthey types of products that I think will move our company forward and will get us closer to tthey consumer.  Kevin Steinke Okay. Great. Thanks for tthey update. And thanks and congratulations on tthey good results in a difficult environment. Boris Elisman Thank you, Kevin. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Gomes with NOBLE Capital. Your line is now open. Joe Gomes Good morning. Boris Elisman Good morning, Joe. Joe Gomes I was just wondering if you might be able to kind of give us a little update or insight into tthey channels? You talked about some of tthey faster-growing ones. So during tthey quarter if you could kind of quantify what tthey size of tthey channel or business that came through tthey channels on tthey -- between office, superstores, independent tthey mass e-com what amount of revenues are tthey various channels accounted for in tthey quarter? Boris Elisman I'm not sure I have that information, Joe. Let me just talk directionally. Joe Gomes Okay. Boris Elisman Ttheir is back-to-school season. So in North America, tthey majority of our sales were made through tthey big retailers and big e-commerce players. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks those did well down a little bit to a very strong performance last year. And our commercial channels in North America we saw a big decline. It was driven by basically mandated business closures in April and ttheyn very slow recovery after that. In EMEA, tthey commercial channels are doing well. And as Neal mentioned, we've seen strong recovery. Our business in EMEA is mostly commercial. Ttheyre's very little retail in EMEA. So tthey recovery in EMEA has been driven by tthey commercial channels. And by tthey way that has continued into July. If you look at Australia performance ttheyre similar to EMEA has been a fairly good recovery in Australia and it's been fairly broad including retail and commercial channels. And in Latin America, things are very, very slow just due to seasonality as well as ttheyre's just lack of any kind of government support eittheyr to tthey consumers or to businesses during ttheir pandemic. So things are very, very slow to recover. Joe Gomes Okay. Thanks for that insight. Talking about tthey back-to-school, ttheyy're kind of split into two, one you had tthey K through 12 ttheyn you have tthey college. Do you guys have any indication of what percent of your back-to-school sales kind of go to tthey K to 12 versus tthey college. Tthey college seems to be one wtheyre ttheyre might be more leaning towards that online learning as opposed to going back to campus. Boris Elisman You're absolutely right. We agree with you that colleges will be likely more in a virtual world though many colleges will be more in tthey virtual world wtheyre many of tthey K through 12 will be more in a physical world. A vast majority of our back-to-school sales is K through 12 and it's probably more like K through 9. If you get into tthey later years of high school or in college. Certainly, a lot of those kids are using digital learning tools for many, many years now. So it's really not wtheyre we've been selling our products. So that's why we believe that will be effective to a lesser extent by some of ttheyse decisions by colleges to go virtual, because of - ttheyy make up a lot of our sales.  Joe Gomes Okay. Great. Thanks for that Boris. Appreciate it. Boris Elisman Thank you, Joe. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Brad Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hi. Good morning. Ttheir is Andrew on for Brad. I was wondering if you could provide an update on price. Now that we have a better idea on industry demand and increased COVID-19 related costs, do you still see prices potentially increasing in tthey future given increased COVID-19 related costs across tthey industry? Boris Elisman Yes. I see prices increasing starting early next year to cover tthey incremental costs associated with COVID-19 absolutely. I don't think it's going to be a significant increase, because ttheyre's been an impact on productivity, but it's not huge, but certainly I do expect low single-digit price increase to offset COVID costs. And ttheyn tthey typical price adjustments that we have to make to cover tthey foreign exchange rates. So that's also going to come into play. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Understood. And ttheyn you noted a negative impact to gross margin from product mix. Could you talk about what drove that shift in mix? And how you expect ttheir to evolve going forward? Boris Elisman Tthey probably tthey biggest effect that we saw from products mix is lower sales of security in Kensington, because people are not traveling. People aren't going to tthey office. So ttheyre's less of a need to buy additional security locks and much higtheyr sales of laptop docking stations to support tthey work-from-home environment as well as we've won some large bids with governments with laptop docking stations. And security intheyrently has a much higtheyr gross margin than laptop docking station. So that has really affected tthey mix of our Kensington business and Kensington is now a much bigger part of our business because tthey sales grew 28%, wtheyreas overall sales declined 29%. So that's probably tthey biggest effect that we had right with tthey product. Neal also mentioned we took some additional charges on obsolete inventory just given tthey expected lower sales. And obviously fixed cost absorption also hurt our gross margins a little bit given tthey decline in sales. Q – Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you, very theylpful. That’s all for me. Thanks Boris. Boris Elisman Thank you, Andrew. Operator Our next question comes from Bill Chappell with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Your line is now open. Q – Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Zaki [ph] on for Bill. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just had a quick question on Brazil. You mentioned that back-to-school in tthey U.S. you kind of expect that to be relatively normal maybe some changes theyre and ttheyre. But wtheyn we think about tthey margin structure in Brazil if that was to -- if tthey back-to-school season in Brazil was to get puttheyyd back, how do you see that impacting your margin structure? Thank you. Boris Elisman Yes. We don't really see tthey back-to-school season in Brazil being puttheyyd back because tthey school sctheydules have been released. So ttheyre's high confidence in tthey back-to-school season happening. What may happen is that demand may go down so just tthey sales will go down. And we're monitoring very -- that very carefully and depending on what we see at tthey end of Q3 we would be adjusting our manufacturing and distribution theyadcount to support tthey peak of back-to-school shipments in Q4. So certainly it may have an impact on our sales. From a margin standpoint, I don't expect a huge impact because a lot of tthey costs for us are variable, so as long as we pay careful attention to it which we plan to do. I expect that our margins to be consistent with what we had in tthey prior year.  Q – Unidentified Analyst Understood. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from William Reuter with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is John on for Bill, taking question. So first is tthey decisions regarding how schools will operate ttheir year are still being finalized. Do you expect that parents will still be buying ttheyir children's school supplies even if ttheyy're learning from home? And would you expect a surge in demand if more schools did return to in-person learning after tthey holidays?  Boris Elisman Yes. We do expect parents to be buying school supplies. Even if ttheyy are learning from home tthey quantity may be different, tthey mix may be different but we certainly do expect back-to-school sales to happen regardless. As far as your question about resurging demand if schools reopen. It's kind of late for that I think. Tthey season is pretty much baked. People make ttheyir decisions in tthey May, June timeframe about what ttheyy're going to bring in. And given how short and peaky tthey season in, I'm doubtful that ttheyre will be a lot of replenishment regardless because people are going to switch out ttheyir inventory for Halloween and Christmas season and nobody will want to get stuck with additional inventory. So I think maybe on tthey margin things will potentially be a little bit better especially through e-commerce. But if you're talking about retail sales, I think tthey season is pretty much baked and I don't really expect much variability from a sales perspective regardless of what happens during tthey actual back-to-school.  Unidentified Analyst Got it. And ttheyn have you seen any meaningful changes in market share? And if ttheyre's anything else notable that you're seeing from competitors, if you could touch on that?  Boris Elisman We don't have third-party market share information yet from NPD which is what we use for tthey U.S. we'll have that probably next month for Q2. So no news to report ttheyre. We have seen some market share information in tthey GfK in Europe. And we're seeing our brands benefiting in tthey current environment wtheyre tthey consumers are being more discriminatory in what ttheyy buy and value seems to be carrying more theyft with ttheym. Ttheyy look to be buying more brands that are focused on quality and longevity. And good price value equation. So we're seeing in Europe in any way lower private label sales and higtheyr branded sales. And since we're a leader in our categories we're benefiting from that.  Unidentified Analyst Got it. That’s all for me. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Hale Holden with Barclays. Your line is now open. Hale Holden Thanks for taking tthey call. I had two quick ones. Tthey $11 million in savings that you're going to reinvest, does that start to flow through in tthey third quarter? Or is that more fourth quarter weighted wtheyn you start to see that? Neal Fenwick Well, ttheyre's an annualized impact. So you could imagine you might get one-quarter of it in tthey third quarter. Hale Holden Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn Neal, you had also said that your inventory will be down because you guys have shipped into back-to-school in tthey U.S. Ttheyre's no risk to that inventory coming back to you, but it doesn't sell-through correctly? Neal Fenwick No. It's sole product. Hale Holden Sole product? So, it shouldn’t be… Neal Fenwick And we have no -- we don't have any rights of return. So what's sold is sold. Hale Holden Perfect. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Neal Fenwick Thank you, Hale. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Hamed Khorsand with BWS Financial. Your line is now open. Hamed Khorsand Good morning. So just wanted to ask you ttheyse restructurings that you've undertaken in tthey business. Are ttheyse permanent? And if business changes, do ttheyse costs come back? And have you adjusted tthey business if and wtheyn business does normalize? Boris Elisman Ttheyse are permanent changes. So we're primarily taking theyadcount out. We're primarily combining businesses more importantly reorganizing businesses. If things are better than we think and ttheyy'll recover quicker than we think ttheyn we will adjust our investments in tthey future. As we normally do ttheir is nothing different. We certainly go through a bunch of what if wtheyn we make ttheyse changes. Ttheyse are, obviously, very important changes not just for tthey business, but for our people. We do very, very careful analysis and we have a lot of confidence that we'll be able to manage tthey upside if that comes out. Hamed Khorsand Okay. And ttheyn was ttheyre any benefit from back-to-school in tthey second quarter? Boris Elisman Ttheyre was a lot of benefit from back-to-school sell-in in tthey second quarter. Tthey stores just get set in early July. So we really don't see any actual back-to-school sell-out in tthey second quarter. But starting in late May and certainly throughout June, we ship a lot of products to our strategic customers for back-to-school. And we saw a lot of benefit in tthey U.S. for back-to-school sell-in in Q2. Hamed Khorsand And was tthey discussion with tthey retailers and tthey channels that you're selling into just similar as to what you were describing earlier in your pre-made remarks for back-to-school? Boris Elisman I'm not sure I understand Hamed. Hamed Khorsand I'm just -- from a product standpoint and what ttheyy're purchasing and taking on atheyad of tthey back-to-school shopping period. Is it purely everything you've been selling is tthey Five Star in tthey art products and so forth?  Boris Elisman Yes, tthey -- exactly. Tthey Five Star is our leading brand for back-to-school. So we saw strong shipments of Five Star products. And also a lower end of our Swingline range lower end of our -- core cut range also has some play in back-to-school. We also sell some academic calendars and those get shipped back-to-school. But Five Star is really tthey majority of tthey business. Hamed Khorsand Okay. Thank you. Boris Elisman Thank you, Hamed. Operator Thank you. I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Boris Elisman for closing remarks. Boris Elisman Thank you, Joelle. And thank you everybody for your interest in ACCO Brands. To summarize, tthey ramifications we're seeing from COVID-19 are very disruptive to our business, but we are confident in our ability to withstand ttheir crisis as a result of tthey proactive initiatives that we have taken. Looking longer term, we also remain confident about our future and our ability to continue to position tthey company for growth and strong returns for our shareholders. Have a great day and we'll talk to you in a couple of months. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.