U.S. Well Services, Inc. (USWS) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call March 11, 2021 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Josh Shapiro - VP, Finance and IR Joel Broussard - CEO Kyle O'Neill - CFO Conference Call Participants Steptheyn Gengaro - Stifel Ian MacPtheyrson - Simmons Daniel Burke - Johnson Rice & Company Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey U.S. Well Services Full Year and Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Josh Shapiro, Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Thank you, sir, you may begin. Josh Shapiro Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for tthey U.S. Well Services conference call and webcast to review tthey full year and fourth quarter 2020 results. Joining us on tthey call ttheir morning are Joel Broussard, Chief Executive Officer; and Kyle O'Neill, Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, tthey call will be open for Q&A. Yesterday evening, U.S. Well Services released its full year and fourth quarter 2020 earnings. Tthey earnings release can be found on tthey company's website at www.uswellservices.com. Tthey Company also intends to file its Form 10-K with tthey SEC ttheir afternoon. Please note that tthey information reported on ttheir call speaks only as of today, March 11, 2021, and ttheyrefore, time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of tthey time of any replay listening or transcript reading. In addition, tthey comments made by Management during ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey United States federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements reflect tthey current views of U.S. Well Services' Management. However, various risks, uncertainties and contingencies could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in tthey statements made by management. Tthey listener is encouraged to review today's earnings release and tthey company's filings with tthey SEC to understand those risks, uncertainties and contingencies. Also, during today's call, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. And now I would like to turn tthey call over to U.S. Well Services' CEO, Mr. Joel Broussard. Joel Broussard Thanks, Josh and good morning, everyone. Last year, in early March, we reported our 2019 earnings, just as concerns about tthey spread of COVID-19 were beginning to surface in tthey United States. We pointed out ttheyn that we did not know what impact it would have on our business and that we were monitoring tthey situation actively. Because of ttheir uncertainty, tthey U.S. Well Services team prepared for tthey worst-case scenario and began to implement our strategic plan. Knowing that tthey spread of tthey coronavirus could be devastating to our industry, we aggressively eliminated fixed costs, reduced our variable cost structure and approactheyd our lenders with a proposal that enabled us to eliminate principal and interest payments on our term loan, preserving liquidity to weattheyr tthey storm. Ttheyse actions combined with proactive communication and planning with our customers allowed U.S. Well Services to remain strong throughout tthey worst of tthey pandemic. I cannot thank my team enough for ttheyir hard work, dedication and sacrifice throughout tthey year. With ttheyir commitment and support, U.S. Well Services was able to generate positive adjusted EBITDA each quarter in 2020 and emerge well positioned to capitalize on tthey ongoing market recovery. Kyle will go into detail on tthey company's financial performance for 2020, but I would like to mention a few highlights. We generated $244 million of revenue for tthey year and $31 million of adjusted EBITDA. During 2020, we recorded $12 million of non-cash charges to reflect doubtful collections of accounts receivables. Excluding ttheyse charges, we generated $43 million of adjusted EBITDA, which represents an 18% adjusted EBITDA margin and $8 million of adjusted EBITDA per fully utilized fleet. After tthey sharp slowdown in early Q2, U.S. WS steadily ramped back up through tthey year, exiting tthey fourth quarter with 5.3 fully utilized fleet. For tthey year, we averaged 5.4 fully utilized fleets. Demand for our service has continued to strengttheyn in Q1 2021 and U.S. Well Services currently has 10 active fleets, including all four of our next generation electric fleets. Tthey market remains oversupplied with horsepower, but tthey situation is changing rapidly. As commodity prices have improved, activity has picked up significantly and attrition of conventional horsepower in tthey U.S. fracturing fleet has accelerated. It is our view that tthey frac services pricing will begin to rise from current levels to more sustainable price levels over tthey next several months as supply/demand imbalance improves. I believe that tthey future for U.S. Well Services is bright, and that today we're positioned better than any company in our industry to succeed in ttheir market. Now, more than ever, tthey oil and gas industry faces scrutiny from institution and retail investors, federal, state and local governments and regulatory bodies. Rightfully so, ttheyy question wtheyttheyr we are doing enough to protect tthey environment. E&P customers can no longer focus only improving efficiency and reducing costs. Ttheyy also need to improve tthey emissions performance and reduce ttheyir greenhouse gas footprint in order to attract capital. Since we deployed our first Clean Fleet in 2014, U.S. Well Services has preactheyd tthey benefits of tthey patent electric fracking technology. Eliminating tthey use of diesel fuel significantly reduces costs for our customers and relieves semi-truck traffic on community roads. Using our natural gas turbine generators to power fracking equipment, offers industry leading greenhouse gas emissions performance. Our internal data from both diesel and electric fleets proves that tthey maintenance costs for an electric fleet is substantially ctheyaper, and electric fleets reduce noise, traffic and ottheyr potential safety hazards that make our work safer for those on tthey well site and in tthey surrounding communities. Not surprisingly, for tthey last several years, most of our competitors focus ttheyir efforts and resources on discounting tthey benefits of ttheir technology instead of developing ttheyir own next generation hydraulic fracturing solutions. Some competitors along with a chorus of sell-side research analysts have claimed that electric fleets are too expensive, that tthey purported benefits are not entirely true, and that ttheir technology is inferior to dual fuel fracturing fleets. We've studied ttheyse claims closely and ttheyy are not true. We remain tthey only company that operates both conventional diesel and all electric frac fleets, which provides us tthey insights our competition does not have. Here are tthey facts. Tthey fuel cost savings are real. Our fleets can reduce fuel costs by as much as $1.5 million per month, and we do not rely on overly optimistic diesel substitution assumptions to arrive at ttheyse numbers. Wtheyttheyr it's fuel gas or CNG burning our turbines, it costs less than diesel. No technology comes close to reducing emissions to degree that our Clean Fleet does. Last year, we hired a third party to take real emissions readings on a Tier-2 diesel, a Tier-4 diesel and a Clean Fleet operating in Texas. We publittheyyd tthey results in a white paper titled "Clearing tthey Air", that is available on our website. Tthey test showed that tthey CO2 equivalent emissions from tthey Clean Fleet were 42% less than emissions from a Tier-4 fleet and 48% less than emissions from tthey Tier-2 fleet. If you factor in gas that no longer needs to be flared, CO2 equivalent emissions are reduced by 60%. Clean Fleet also reduces smog related emissions by 76% and 94% versus Tier-4 and Tier-2 diesel fleet respectively. We have seen presentation that suggests emissions performance of a Tier-4 dual fuel fleet is superior to electric fleet, highlighting tthey emissions rate of a single dual fuel pump compared to a turbine generator at low load. Tthey statistic is irrelevant. Tthey only metric that matters is total emissions from tthey job; and on ttheir metric, tthey turbine generator offers superior result every time. Electric fleets do not cost more than conventional fleets wtheyn you consider tthey cost of ownership. Our Clean Fleets use long left components like electric motors, rattheyr than failure prone mechanical components using a conventional fleet. We have analyzed our own maintenance costs, both tthey expense and required capital expenses for electric fleets versus diesel fleets. We see a consistent 35% cost advantage for electric fleet. Ttheir cost savings matters. We may spend more on electric fleet up front, but we spend less every year and are able to operate tthey fleet long after tthey diesel fleet requires replacement. Finally, I think tthey market can learn a lot based on tthey behaviour of our customers and competitors. Our customers continue to sign and extend contracts for our electric fleets. Our competitors continue to announce plans to introduce ttheyir own unproven electric fracturing solutions. U.S. Well Services is uniquely poised to lead tthey industry as we enter a new era in which cost, efficiency and environmental stewardship matter equally. We're excited about tthey prospects for our business and are confident that we can continue to deliver results for our customers and shareholders. With that, I would turn tthey call over to Kyle. Kyle O'Neill Thanks, Joel. I'll start off by reviewing tthey fourth quarter of 2020, before adding some colour on our full year results. We generated $48 million of revenue in tthey fourth quarter, up 9% from $44 million in tthey third quarter. Tthey increase in revenue was driven primarily by higtheyr number of active fleets working. Our revenues were up on higtheyr activity levels. Service and equipment pricing on a per hour basis was down approximately 10% as we deployed new fleets at market rates. As Joel mentioned earlier, we're beginning to see tthey market tighten and are confident that pricing will improve theyading into tthey second half of tthey year. Our cost of sales for tthey quarter was $42 million, up from $31 million in tthey third quarter. Ttheir increase in cost is largely attributable to labour and repair costs incurred as we prepared fleets to return to service in tthey new year. On a per hour basis, labour and repair expense increased 5% and 16% quarter-over-quarter respectively. SG&A in tthey fourth quarter was $13 million. Excluding a $3 million noncash charge for doubtful accounts and a $4.7 million charge for stock-based compensation, SG&A was $5.6 million compared to $5 million in tthey third quarter. Tthey increasing cash SG&A was primarily related to professional fees. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey fourth quarter was $1.8 million. Excluding tthey non-cash charge for doubtful accounts, adjusted EBITDA was $44.8 million or $3.6 million for fully utilized fleet on an annualized basis. Ttheir compares to $8 million of adjusted EBITDA in tthey third quarter or $7.7 million for fully utilized fleet on an annualized basis. On an accrual basis, U.S. Well Services spent approximately $4.1 million on maintenance capital expenditures during tthey quarter. Looking at our balance ttheyyet, U.S. Well Services ended tthey year with $14 million of liquidity consisting of $5.3 million in cash and $8.7 million in availability under our ABL. During tthey fourth quarter we closed on a $25 million credit facility guaranteed by tthey United States Department of Agriculture under tthey CARES Act. At year-end approximately $22 million was drawn on ttheir facility with proceeds used to fund working capital and ottheyr financial obligations. Ttheir facility is a 10-year loan with a fixed 5.75% interest rate. Tthey first three years are interest-only with straight line amortisation over tthey remaining seven years. Earlier, Joel touctheyd on some of tthey key highlights for 2020. But I'd like to add some additional detail. Revenue for 2020 was $244 million, reflects a decrease of approximately 53% relative to 2019 levels, primarily resulting from tthey COVID-19 pandemic related crude oil demand disruption. Over tthey course of tthey year, U.S. Well Services made significant improvements to tthey company's cost structure. Tthey cost of sales for 2020 was $188 million, or $29 million per average active fleet. As comparison in 2019, our cost of sales was $384 million or $39 million per average active fleet. That's a 25% reduction on a per fleet basis. We were able to make similar reductions to tthey company's overtheyad. SG&A, excluding non-cash charges for doubtful accounts and stock-based compensation was $23.5 million compared to $26.2 million for 2019. Full year 2020 capital expenditures were $37 million, of which $23 million was related to maintenance capital expenditures. Tthey remaining $14 million was for growth capital expenditures related to tthey delivery of our new build electric fleet in Q1 of 2020. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Joel for their closing remarks. Joel Broussard Thanks, Kyle. U.S. Well Services is in an enviable position. Our intellectual property, experience operating next generation electric fleet, and proven track record are delivering results on behalf of our customers as ttheir company well suited to be a market leader going forward. Tthey electric fracturing is tthey future of our industry and we continue to enjoy a first mover advantage. I'd like to once again thank tthey entire U.S. WS team for a job well done in 2020 and will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Steptheyn Gengaro with Stifel. Please proceed with your question. Steptheyn Gengaro Two things, please. Tthey first, if you could talk a little bit about ttheir. So your, sort of, adjusted profitability per fleet, I think it ran probably about $5.5 million of annualized EBITDA per fleet wtheyn you adjust for tthey startup costs in tthey quarter. Given tthey higtheyr activity levels that you're predicting in tthey first quarter, and I know ttheyre's some pricing theyadwinds that are continuing; how should we just think about tthey sort of tthey direction and magnitude of change we could see ttheyre over tthey next couple of quarters? Joel Broussard Kyle, you want to take that one? Kyle O'Neill Sure. I think that tthey increased activity is obviously going to theylp spread out some of our fixed costs and overtheyad. Anytime we ramp up and nearly double our active fleet count, you've got a lot of one-time costs to roll those fleets out. So that expenditures - those expenses have been spent, and I think that absent any type of furttheyr downturn, we should be able to have those fleets fully utilized, and that will theylp increase profitability. Joel Broussard Yes, we've seen an uptick in activity and greater fleet utilization. And generally, ttheyre's a lag and pricing improvement usually follows ttheir increase in utilization. Although we expect tthey price and environment to improve, predicating tthey exact time timing is difficult, right? So everybody knows we went from 5.5 active fleet to 10 ttheir quarter. So we feel that pricing will continue to improve and some of ttheyse onetime costs that Kyle had mentioned will go away. Steptheyn Gengaro And just to follow-up, if you don't see pricing based on tthey contracts in tthey overtheyad absorption, can that number get close to double digits without pricing, or do you need pricing to get to double digits? Kyle O'Neill On a per fleet basis, like we'll need pricing improvement to get to into tthey double digits per fleet on an annualized basis. Steptheyn Gengaro And ttheyn tthey second last question was just around some of tthey comments that you guys made on electric fleets, tthey cost of ownership of tthey Clean Fleet versus tthey upfront costs. And what I was curious about was tthey pricing dynamic that you've seen and you expect to see for tthey Clean Fleets versus tthey traditional fleets, especially in light of, I mean, tthey cost savings you have on tthey diesel front. How do you think that starts to accrue to your benefit versus tthey E&Ps? Joel Broussard Well, we feel it's accrued in our benefit now. Even with tthey - if we take part of it, tthey fuel savings, let's say half of it, we're still way atheyad of a diesel fleet on a per fleet EBITDA basis. Wtheyn we previously started ttheir, we would - wtheyn tthey market was real hot and pricing was up and all our peers were actually making EBITDA and putting fleets out for positive cash flow, which most of ttheym aren't doing now, we would give all tthey cost savings of fuel to tthey client. But we - at low prices, tthey way ttheyy are, we can still give 50% or more of cost savings on fuel to tthey client and still - and that makes those fleets way more profitable for us. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. So is it fair to say ttheyn that tthey conventional fleets are operating - so a little bit of tthey theyadwind to EBITDA per fleet going forward as sort of a mix hurts you a little bit? Because it sounds like you're getting better prices for tthey Clean Fleets. Joel Broussard Exactly. Kyle O'Neill Yeah. That's exactly right. Operator Our next question comes from line of Ian MacPtheyrson with Simmons. Please proceed with your question. Ian MacPtheyrson Joel, I wanted to circle back to a comment in tthey release regarding some commercial opportunities that exist for expanding your Clean Fleet ttheir year. So that to me was noteworthy. Obviously, you don't have tremendous balance ttheyyet flexibility to do any fleet expansion on any form of speculative basis, clearly. So I presume you're contemplating sponsored fleet expansion. Can you elaborate on those possibilities and maybe any magnitude and timing of those? Joel Broussard We start - in tthey next 90, probably 120 days, we'll have three trials with three different clients with our original version of our fleet that we built in 2014. And all three of those clients are saying that ttheyy want to go electric. And actually, tthey first client wants to keep it if it goes well, which it will go well. However, we're making those decisions now. And wtheyn it comes to, on building ttheym, I would like - we have all tthey auxiliary equipment to deploy two more electric fleets. We just need to build some pumps, which we could do through vendor financing/equity. So we think that by tthey end of tthey year with tthey demand we're seeing, we could potentially have two more electric fleets up. Ian MacPtheyrson Okay. And so really, you're speaking to your advantage as an experienced operator, ttheir equipment, as well as less than a full 100% of capital requirement in order to build out a couple of a couple more fleets, because you have some of tthey capital in-house presently? Kyle O'Neill Exactly. Joel Broussard Correct. Ian MacPtheyrson Okay. I've got some more model stuff. I'll follow up with you later, Kyle, on that. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Daniel Burke with Johnson Rice. Please proceed with your question. Daniel Burke Let's see what's left. Joel, you guys have produced some pretty good efficiencies out ttheyre in tthey field. What's your outlook for efficiencies ttheir year across tthey fleet, both tthey electrics and tthey diesels? Joel Broussard We, on efficiency-wise, we're really happy with most of our fleets, especially tthey electric ones. Tthey diesel ones that are coming out, we're seeing a slight improvement, but our efficiencies are top of our peer group and on our hours pumped per month. And we're excited about it. Now on tthey electric side, ttheyre's some opportunities to wtheyre we deploy fleets without any generators and actually frack off tthey grid, which is why it's pretty robust wtheyn it comes to that. And a lot of people have built out - ttheyre's some clients, E&P clients that have built out substations and have contracted power from tthey electrical companies that are not using what ttheyy said ttheyy would use and are fixing to get charged penalties for using it. So we feel ttheir will be an advantage to us also. Daniel Burke Okay. That's an interesting element of tthey build-out on tthey electric side for you guys as well ttheyn. All right. Okay. So we're in March, you got 10 fleets deployed. I assume tthey trials that would involve tthey first-generation electric would be additive to tthey 10. I think you've still got a couple of fleets on tthey diesel side left in inventory. Do you have visibility towards any furttheyr reactivations into Q2? Joel Broussard I do not - you're right. Tthey first question, you're right, it will be additive to tthey 10 fleets. However, I do not foresee us putting any more diesel fleets out than we currently have out now, unless pricing would - potentially, pricing would have to double. Daniel Burke Okay. And does that speak to tthey reactivation cost associated with what remains? Joel Broussard Yes. Daniel Burke Okay. And ttheyn maybe just one last one - Joel Broussard Well, I'm sorry, Daniel. It specifically speaks to tthey pricing on diesel. Daniel Burke Yes, no. Okay. That's fair. Joel Broussard I mean that's tthey driving factor. Of course, if tthey pricing is substantial enough to wtheyre we can justify tthey reactivate costs, I would do it. But today's diesel prices are not even close to wanting to activate anottheyr diesel fleet. Daniel Burke Understood. And ttheyn maybe last one for me, maybe for Kyle, is any thoughts on cash flow outlook theyre for Q1? And if that's hard to speak to, maybe more simply, what would working capital trends look like in Q1? Joel Broussard Kyle, do you want to take that one, please? Kyle O'Neill Yes, sure. Yes, we made kind of big strides in tthey second half of last year, getting our working capital back in line. And I think things are normalizing and theyading in tthey right direction. I think thinking about tthey company kind of in a steady state working capital environment and looking at EBITDA less maintenance CapEx, we should be in a positive cash flow position. Operator Our next question is a follow-up from Steptheyn Gengaro with Stifel. Please proceed with your question. Steptheyn Gengaro Two ottheyr quick ones, please, gentlemen. Tthey first, you might have mentioned ttheir, I may have missed it. Any thoughts on 2021 CapEx outlook? And you mentioned in tthey release about potential opportunities to expand tthey fleet. If you looked at something like that, what kind of contract would it require? And how would you think about financing it? Joel Broussard Like I mentioned earlier, it would be through equity and vendor financing. And that would be - we would add anottheyr 36 or 37 pumps. And I think - and two blenders and that runs about right at $50 million, which would probably be done through equity/vendor financing. Steptheyn Gengaro Great. And ttheyn just maintenance CapEx for 2021, is it similar to 2020 on a per fleet basis? Kyle O'Neill It's going to be slightly higtheyr, Steptheyn. And that's just because tthey proportion of diesel fleets is going to be increasing relative to 2020 levels. So it's going to be slightly higtheyr. It will be probably more in line with what our 2019 figures look like. Operator We have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session. Mr. Broussard, I would now like to turn tthey floor back over to you for closing comments. Joel Broussard Thank you for joining us today. Have a good weekend. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.