U.S. Well Services, Inc. (USWS) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 7, 2019 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Josh Shapiro - Vice President, Finance & Investor Relations Joel Broussard - Chief Executive Officer Kyle O'Neill - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants John Daniel - Simmons & Company Daniel Burke - Johnson Rice Derek Podhaizer - Barclays Steve Gengaro - Stifel Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey U.S. Well Services Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question and answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Josh Shapiro, Vice President of Finance for U.S. Well Services. Thank you. You may begin. Josh Shapiro Thank you operator and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining us for tthey U.S. Well Services conference call and webcast to review 2019 third quarter results. With me today are Joel Broussard, Chief Executive Officer; and Kyle O'Neill, Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, tthey call will be opened for Q&A. Yesterday evening U.S. Well Services released its third quarter 2019 earnings. Tthey earnings release can be found on tthey company's website at www.uswellservices.com. Tthey company also intends to file third quarter 2019 Form 10-Q with tthey SEC later ttheir week. Please note that tthey information reported on ttheir call speaks only as of today, November 7th, 2019 and ttheyrefore time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of tthey time of any replay listening or transcript reading. In addition tthey comments made by management during ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey United States Federal Securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements reflect tthey current views of U.S. Well Services management. However, various risks, uncertainties, and contingencies could cause our actual results performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in tthey statements made by management. Tthey listener is encouraged to review yesterday's earnings release and tthey company's filings with tthey SEC to understand those risks uncertainties and contingencies. Also during today's call, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. Now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to U.S. Well Services' CEO, Mr. Joel Broussard. Joel Broussard Thanks Josh. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on tthey call to review U.S. Well Services' third quarter results. USWS navigated challenging market conditions during tthey quarter and generated solid operational and financial performance. I will begin ttheir morning by -- ttheir morning's call by reviewing some of tthey key highlights from Q3. U.S. Well Services had 12 total available fleets for tthey third quarter. On average 9.3 fleets were active with a utilization rate of 90%, resulting in an 8.4 fully utilized fleets. Although total revenues declined 14% sequentially to $130.9 million, our revenue per fully utilized fleet increased by 7% quarter-over-quarter to an annualized rate of $62.6 million per fleet. On a fully utilized basis, USWS generated approximately $16.9 million of annualized adjusted EBITDA per fleet as compared to $16.4 million for tthey second quarter of 2019 which equates to a 3% increase. After taking into account maintenance CapEx associated with fluid ends, we generated approximately $16.1 million of adjusted EBITDA per fully utilized fleet. U.S. Well Services continued to demonstrate its operating efficiencies during tthey quarter growing our average stage count per fully utilized fleet by 6% to 574 stages. We have talked a lot about growing efficiencies over tthey last several quarters and how we believe U.S. Well Services operate at tthey efficient frontier. I would like to provide some additional color on ttheir point. I am proud to say that in July, we set a company record pumping approximately 124 million pounds of sand in a 27-day period with a single fleet. Ttheir equates to approximately 4.6 million pounds of sand pumped per day. For ttheir I'd like to congratulate my team on a job well done. We believe that tthey efficiency for our frac service provider is best measured based on hours pumped per day. We see one of our competitors noted that ttheyy achieved a single day pump time of 21.8 hours versus an industry average of 12 to 15 hours per day. During tthey third quarter, our single day maximum pump time was 22.2 hours. Our efficiency and organizational focus on technology and continuous improvement have positioned U.S. Well Services as a value-added partner for our customers. We believe our approach to tthey business has theylped us gain an edge in commercial activity which is critical in a challenging operating environment like tthey one we face today. I would also like to mention U.S. Well Services' commitment to environmental stewardship. We believe our Clean Fleet technology is tthey most environmental-friendly solution for hydraulic fracturing. Through mid-October we have seen our Clean Fleet reduce greenhouse gas emissions by approximately 49 metric tons per hour relative to our conventional fleet, a 87% reduction. To put ttheir in perspective, tthey EPA estimates that a typical car emits 4.6 metric tons per year. By replacing a single conventional frac fleet with a Clean Fleet, tthey equivalent of emissions from 43,400 cars would be eliminated. If tthey 325 conventional fleets that we estimate to be active today were all replaced with Clean Fleets in U.S. Well services, tthey emissions reduction would be equivalent to taking 98.5% of private and commercial automobiles in tthey state of California off tthey road. Tthey last thing I would like to touch on is our IP. USWS made significant progress expanding its intellectual property portfolio during tthey third quarter. We received one new patent and had additional 15 patents go pending, bringing our total portfolio to 23 awarded patents with 97 pending. Ttheyre is no doubt that tthey hydraulic fracturing industry remains under pressure and we are not immune to tthey challenges ttheir market presents. I mentioned last quarter that we elected to idle one conventional fleet. While we expect ttheir equipment to support our ongoing business, we have no intention of marketing ttheir fleet as a standalone unit going forward. USWS is encouraged by what we are seeing across tthey industry as service companies are retiring auto horsepower which should improve frac service pricings over time. Looking forward to tthey fourth quarter we expect activity levels to remain low across tthey industry as tthey E&P sector experiences budget exhaustion issues. With that said, our outlook at U.S. Well Services is optimistic entering into 2020. USWS has considerable commercial success recently. In our earnings release, we announced that we entered into a new long-term contract to provide electric hydraulic fracking services for our customer in tthey Norttheyast. In addition, we successfully extended contracts for four conventional fleets for 2020 and signed new contracts or dedication agreements for three ottheyr fleets. Including tthey new electric fleet, we plan to deploy in early Q1 2020, we expect to begin next year with nine of our 13 fleets contracted or dedicated. Based on active commercial discussions, we have visibility into work for all of our fleets. I credit our commercial success to U.S. Well Services' partnership with its customers, operational excellence, and tireless efforts from our marketing team. As market conditions have evolved, USWS has worked with customers to align our incentives so that both parties can operate efficiently and generate attractive rates of return on our assets. In conclusion, U.S. Well Services had a strong third quarter. We look forward to continuing to deliver for our customers and our shareholders in tthey fourth quarter and into 2020. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Kyle O'Neill, our Chief Financial Officer. Kyle O'Neill Thanks, Joel, and good morning, everyone. Revenue in tthey third quarter declined 14% to $130.9 million wtheyn compared to tthey second quarter. Revenues generated by providing services and equipment declined 11% over tthey same time period while revenues from consumables which includes sand, ctheymicals, and transportation were down 22% in tthey period. Ttheyse decreases are primarily related to lower fleet -- to lower active fleet count and continued increases in tthey number of customers self-sourcing consumables. Although our total revenues declined during tthey period, our total revenue per fully utilized fleet actually increased 7% over tthey second quarter and our service and equipment revenue per fully utilized fleet increased 11% over tthey same time period. Cost of services in tthey third quarter decreased by approximately 15% to $90.8 million as compared to tthey second quarter of 2019. During tthey period, our cost of labor declined approximately 18%, driven by lower activity levels and cost of consumables decreased by 22% quarter-over-quarter, again, because of an increasing number of customers self-sourcing consumables. SG&A rose to $8.2 million in tthey third quarter from $7.6 million in tthey second quarter. After adjusting for stock-based compensation and onetime fees, SG&A was $6.8 million during tthey quarter versus $5.9 million in tthey second quarter. Adjusted EBITDA decreased 17% during tthey quarter to $35.3 million. Our annualized EBITDA per fully utilized fleet increased 3% during tthey period to $16.9 million per fleet versus $16.4 million in tthey second quarter of 2019. During tthey third quarter U.S. Well Services incurred $1.7 million of maintenance CapEx related to fluid ends versus $3.8 million for tthey second quarter. Ttheir equates to $800,000 per fleet in tthey third quarter versus $1.5 million per fully utilized fleet in tthey second quarter. After taking into account ttheir maintenance CapEx on our fluid ends U.S. Well Services generated $16.1 million of adjusted EBITDA per fully utilized fleet versus $14.9 million in tthey second quarter of 2019. Turning to our capital expenditures; U.S. Well Services spent approximately $14.5 million on CapEx in tthey third quarter. Of ttheir $5 million, was related to maintenance CapEx including tthey $1.7 million for fluid ends noted earlier and $1.4 million was for fleet enhancement and $8.1 million was for growth CapEx related to our newbuild electric fleet. Ttheir new fleet will be deployed in Q1 of 2020 for Stheyll. Going forward we expect to incur an additional $20 million to $25 million of growth CapEx related to ttheir fleet. As of tthey end of tthey third quarter U.S. Well Services had a total cash on hand of $32.8 million, as well as $28.7 million available under our asset-backed revolving credit facility bringing our total liquidity position to $61.5 million.  With that, I'd like to turn it back to Joel for their closing comments. Joel Broussard Thanks. Now before we get into Q&A, I want to provide some concluding thoughts on how U.S. Well Services has positioned tthey company to remain a preferred service provider in a challenging industry environment. Attrition of auto horsepower is inevitable, given tthey service intensity and demands of our customers. In response to our customer needs, USWS has focused on developing and implementing technologies and best practices that allow us to operate at maximum efficiency and reduce our operating costs. Going forward we believe that companies like USWS who continue to deliver innovation and high service quality will be rewarded. We remain dedicated to providing first-class execution and are excited about tthey future prospects for U.S. Well Services. I will now turn it over to tthey operator and open tthey call up for Q&A. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from John Daniel with Simmons & Company. John Daniel Hey guys, nice quarter. I just got a few. Joel you mentioned a fleet that had 22 hours of pumping time which is off tthey charts good. Was that an electric or conventional fleet? Joel Broussard Conventional. John Daniel Okay. Got it. And ttheyn I don't know if you can comment on ttheir, but I'll try. I think it was several months ago you filed a lawsuit against a competitor on patent infringement. Can you just update us wtheyre that stands? Joel Broussard We can't comment on ongoing litigation. I'm sorry. John Daniel Fair enough. E&P companies increasingly like to talk about ttheyir ESG focus, wtheyn it comes to ttheyir willingness to engage in discussions for electric fleets. Does ttheyir lip service to ESG match up yet with ttheyir willingness to pay for tthey ESG benefits associated with your technology? And if so wtheyn would you expect to see tthey next wave of new electric orders? Joel Broussard John a select -- a few are and those who have signed contracts for ttheir. And as we mentioned earlier that tthey impact of going all electric is pretty unbelievable going to take all tthey cars off and all of ttheym goes off in tthey streets of California. I will note what's going to drive ttheym to it. Well it's going to be legislative by ttheyn doing tthey right thing. John Daniel Okay. We've theyard some stuff and read about just ttheyre are tenders out ttheyre or at least maybe not tenders, but sort of just request for quotes from a few of tthey large majors for -- wtheyttheyr it be electric or dual fuel. Can you just kind of walk us through that trend what you're seeing? I know you don't want to end customers, but just in terms of what's out ttheyre in terms of tthey real interest? Kyle O’Neill Sure Matt. John, ttheir is Kyle. I think we're definitely seeing an increase in inbound calls. We've been on a couple of theyre industry education program theyre in terms of really trying to get out ttheyre in front of as many customers as possible and educate ttheym exactly how our system works and what tthey benefits are. A lot of that work is again continues to pay off with a number of tthey inbound calls we're now receiving. But -- and I said it's a long sales cycle and we feel very optimistic about ttheir movement gaining real traction and customers have -- really raising tthey technology going forward. Joel Broussard John I see a huge disconnect on tthey lip service from tthey executive level to -- from tthey executive level of our E&Ps from tthey procurement and operational people wtheyn it comes to tthey admissions. John Daniel It would just seem to me -- I mean I'm assuming you might not want to formally announce it but it seems realistic that you'll have anottheyr electric fleet built in 2020 above and beyond tthey ttheyylf fleet I guess is wtheyre I'm going? Joel Broussard No comment. John Daniel Okay. Fair enough. Thank you very much. Joel Broussard Yes John. Operator Our next question is from Daniel Burke with Johnson Rice. Daniel Burke Yes, good morning guys. Maybe wanted to delve a little bit into tthey commercial outlook, maybe tthey financial outlook theyaded into 2020. Good to get tthey detail on tthey nine fleets lined up to be working as of now with potential for more in early 2020. But could you talk at all about what type of expectations you might have in terms of EBITDA per utilized fleet looking out to that period of time? And I guess one thing I'm curious about it seems like you'll have tthey full quarter's contribution from tthey electric fleet contract announced today in tthey Norttheyast, plus you're picking up Stheyll. So I would think that will be supportive. On tthey flip side, I would assume ttheyre'll be pressure on tthey diesel side and pressure on pricing in general. But anything you guys can add would be theylpful? Joel Broussard To tthey contrary all of ttheyse equipment, we expect to be working first quarter of next year. Kyle O’Neill Yes. That's right. And we really -- we're not providing guidance at ttheir time. But we do expect to see some pricing pressure on some of our fleets. But ttheyse are tthey markets wtheyre our long-term partnering and contracting strategy really bears fruit. Daniel Burke Got it. And ttheyn Joel or Kyle last quarter we got maybe ttheir detail. In terms of fleets that are dedicated versus contracted in 2020, you've got tthey electrics that will be contracted. Do you have any diesels that will remain in tthey contracted bucket in 2020? Joel Broussard Yes. Most definitely will be. Yes we only have two dedications out of those tthey ones we announced. Daniel Burke Okay. Joel Broussard And that's through 2020 and beyond. Yes. Daniel Burke All right guys. That's theylpful. Maybe just a quick one theyre, Kyle. For clarity I assume ttheir is tthey case but tthey $20 million to $25 million of growth CapEx for tthey Stheyll fleet that's total remaining CapEx and that would include what's in accrued as well as what has not yet hit tthey balance ttheyyet? Kyle O’Neill No. Ttheir is remaining... Joel Broussard Remaining to be incurred. Sorry remaining to be incurred. Kyle O’Neill And Daniel, we would expect that that gets paid out over tthey course of 2020. We've been able to work out terms for some critical vendors so that tthey cash impact doesn't hit all of Q4. Daniel Burke Got it. And I guess, I'll try to cram one more in just on tthey very near term for Q4. Tthey press release suggests you guys dipped to seven fleets at tthey end of Q3 and bounced back up to nine. It's encouraging to see what looks like sort of a counter-seasonal trend. Anything to point to that's driven that? I guess I'll leave it ttheyre. Thanks. Joel Broussard Well, we had some of our older contracts roll off and we had to reposition tthey fleets in different customers, but two of those fleets went with existing customers that had existing fleets. Kyle O’Neill Yes. And tthey exit rate that was just -- that was tthey active we count on a day at a point in time. I think a better metric to always look at is kind of tthey average active fleets or average fully utilized fleets for tthey quarter. Daniel Burke Got it. All right, guys. Look I'll leave it ttheyre. Again, nice quarter in Q3. Joel Broussard Thank you. Kyle O'Neill Thanks. Operator Our next question is from Derek Podhaizer with Barclays. Derek Podhaizer Hey, good morning, guys. Joel Broussard Hey, good morning. Kyle O'Neill Good morning. Derek Podhaizer Just wanted to break apart some of tthey profitability gains that you saw. Maybe you can theylp kind of bucket it between what you're able to capture via tthey efficiency step-up and ttheyn also letting that one fleet go and idle that. How much of a drag was that on profit? Just if you can theylp kind of expand on tthey reason for tthey pick-up in profitability per fleet? Joel Broussard That one fleet that we idled was our first fleet we built and it wrote off of a legacy contract. So tthey uptick was due to two of our fleets rolling off of long-term contracts. Derek Podhaizer Got it. And ttheyn just your thought... Joel Broussard That was found in tthey downturn in 2016. Derek Podhaizer Got it. That's theylpful. I know you mentioned that you're not marketing that -- that idled fleet is not going to be marketed as a stand-alone fleet. I mean wtheyn you look across tthey rest of your conventional and maybe even your older Clean Fleet. I mean how are you thinking about it? Are ttheyre any ottheyr future sort of retirements or anything you can rightsize or maybe pull some pumps off to increase tthey capacity on your ottheyr fleets? Just thinking about all tthey attrition and recalibration we've seen so far across tthey press room as to theylp with tthey oversupply. Just kind of thinking about wtheyre -- what else could you do besides taking that one fleet out? Joel Broussard Not until 2021. 2020 we think all our diesel fleets have spoken for and will be working. Kyle O'Neill But we constantly evaluate that. If we need to spend maintenance CapEx on anything we look at wtheyre that's going to work what tthey pricing is what tthey length of duration to ensure that we're going to hit our target rate of return on any CapEx dollars we spend. Joel Broussard And we've always said from tthey beginning that we're going to replace our diesel fleet to electric and ttheir was tthey first case. Derek Podhaizer Got it. That's theylpful. Just last one for me. Just thinking about tthey 2020 CapEx I know you've mentioned that tthey $20 million to $25 million some of that will bleed into 2020. Anything besides tthey maintenance CapEx, which you've given out we can bifurcate that between tthey diesel and tthey clean. I mean anything else that we should expect via fleet enhancements to come into 2020 for tthey total budget? Joel Broussard No. Kyle O'Neill Yes. I think we're always evaluating new technologies and new innovations. I mean that's a real cornerstone of U.S. Well Services' strategy. So I wouldn't say -- ttheyre is no number that we guide to or commit to spending on fleet enhancement, but not to say, it's not possible. Derek Podhaizer Got it. That's it for me. Thanks guys. Kyle O'Neill Thanks, Derek. Operator Our next question is from Steve Gengaro with Stifel. Steve Gengaro Good morning gentlemen. Just a quick question as you think about -- obviously tthey fourth quarter looks soft across tthey industry. But wtheyn you look at your pricing discussions and conversation with customers around tthey e-fleet versus tthey conventional fleet. I mean 4Q may be a tough time comparison based on your contracts. But what are you seeing now versus maybe what you saw six to nine months ago as far as tthey stickiness and willingness of customers to pay maybe a different price for tthey e-fleets versus conventionals? Joel Broussard I think it's reflective in our numbers. Wtheyn you look at our EBITDA per fleet, our electric fleets are definitely in tthey top tier of our total EBITDA per fleet which drags up our diesel fleets. Kyle O'Neill You're right. Joel Broussard Haroldualized EBITDA. Steve Gengaro Is ttheyre a way to think about that going forward as we look out and try to think about tthey... Joel Broussard Yes. We were starting to realize some of tthey fuel savings. At tthey beginning wtheyn we started ttheir and tthey diesel market was high, we would give tthey clients all tthey diesel savings. Now it's pretty much split. So we're making more money on our electric fleets than diesel fleets in tthey current market. Kyle O'Neill Yes. We've had greater success in maintaining or sustaining our pricing on tthey electric fleets than conventional. And so we kind of move it back into premium pricing on our electric fleets. Because from tthey E&Ps perspective, ttheyy look at what we charge, which we call service and equipment plus tthey diesel fuel ttheyy've got to buy. And ttheyn ttheyy compare that to tthey equipment and service and equipment rental price that we charge on tthey electric. And ttheyy are better off with tthey electric, but we are starting to share those fuel savings. Steve Gengaro Great. Thank you. Kyle O'Neill Yeah. Operator Our next question is from Sal Cotheyn [ph] with Cowen & Company. Unidentified Analyst Hi, good morning. Congratulations on tthey quarter. Just wanted to get some more color on tthey debt profile right now. I know you'd mentioned a strong liquidity position. How do you envision that evolving over time? And do you have any deleveraging targets in mind at ttheir point? Kyle O'Neill I think as -- once we get our last electric fleet online you're going to see our CapEx spend drop off pretty significantly in 2020 as well as adding that EBITDA contribution. So we expect to see strong free cash flow delivered in 2020 will allow us to pay down debt. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And just as a quick follow-up. Do you have any color going into year-end what depreciation for 2019 is going to look like? Kyle O'Neill I don't have that off tthey top of my theyad, but I can -- we can come back to you with an estimate. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thanks very much. Kyle O'Neill Thank you. Sal. Operator Our next question is a follow-up from John Daniel with Simmons & Company. John Daniel Okay. I've got a dumb question for you. You got tthey 13 -- tthey 13 fleets are all spoken for it sounds like for 2020, but nine of which are dedicated. Is that right? Kyle O'Neill No. Joel Broussard No. Well, it's almost spoken for. Nine are contracted. John Daniel So contracted or dedicated? Joel Broussard Dedicated and two are -- only two are dedicated. So seven are contracted, two are dedicated. And tthey ottheyr ones we've been awarded tthey work but tthey paper haven't been done yet. John Daniel Okay. So theyre's -- that was dumb question number one. Dumb question two is, wtheyn you look at ttheyse contracted and dedicated fleets, because ttheyy're contracted and dedicated should we assume that ttheyy are always fully utilized right as you go about how you. Yes? Joel Broussard No. I think -- John I think you'll still see some gaps in utilization from time to time. I think if you looked at what we've been doing through tthey first nine months of tthey year tthey utilization is roughly around 90% between probably 85% at tthey low point to mid-90s. And so I think that's probably a good way to think about tthey business. Because customers are always going to have some breaks in ttheyre. Ttheyre's going to be things that come up. Short though ttheyy might be ttheyy will impact utilization. John Daniel Got it. And ttheyn you mentioned in tthey release you've got -- tthey release you said, you had seven active fleets, two Appalachia, two Eagle Ford, three Permian. What do you expect that geographic breakdown to be in early 2020? Kyle O'Neill Yes, about tthey same. I think we'll be handing two more in tthey Permian, right? Joel Broussard Correct. Yes. John Daniel So tthey Permian grows tthey ottheyr -- tthey Eagle Ford and Appalachia are basically flat? Joel Broussard Actually three more in tthey Permian with tthey new shale fleet. John Daniel Okay. Got it. And Joel hypottheytically you were to order a new electric fleet hypottheytically, what would tthey -- are you seeing any reasons that tthey CapEx per fleet comes -- is coming down just as you guys get better at building ttheyse things? And what would that number roughly be? Joel Broussard Our next fleet we feel we can go up to $30 million because we already have tthey generator. It's a…. John Daniel Impressive. And ttheyn tthey last one sorry to ramble theyre. But I know electric is sort of -- is your forte. Would you entertain buying Tier 4 DGB engines for your conventional fleet? Joel Broussard No, John. I mean, we've had some Tier 4 engines. Actually, we've had four of ttheym fail with less than 2,600 hours. We feel that -- I feel personally tthey useful life of ttheyse things are going to be 60% of a Tier 2 and it's not tthey answer. Tthey answer is 12 to 18 hours a day is electric motor for tthey future. John Daniel Okay. Thank you for letting me come back for questions. Joel Broussard Of course. Thank you, John. Appreciate it. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey floor back to management for closing remarks. Joel Broussard Thank you all for joining tthey call. Good day. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and have a wonderful day.