US Well Services, Inc. (USWS) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 11, 2022 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Kyle O'Neill - President, CEO & Director Joshua Shapiro - SVP & CFO Conference Call Participants Derek Podhaizer - Barclays Donald Crist - Johnson Rice & Company Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey U.S. Well Services second quarter earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce your host for today, Vice President of Finance. Thank you. You may begin. Unidentified Company Representative Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for tthey U.S. Well Services conference call and webcast to review tthey second quarter 2020 results. Joining us on tthey call ttheir morning are Kyle O'Neill, Chief Executive Officer; and Josh Shapiro, Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, tthey call will be open for Q&A.  Yesterday evening, U.S. Well Services released its second quarter 2022 earnings. Tthey earnings release can be found on tthey company's website at www.uswellservices.com. Company also intends to file its Form 10-Q with tthey SEC ttheir afternoon.  Please note that tthey information reported on ttheir call speaks only as of today, August 11, 2022, and ttheyrefore, time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of tthey time of any replay listening or transcript reading. In addition, tthey comments made by management during ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey United States Federal Securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements reflect tthey current views of U.S. Well Services management. However, various risks, uncertainties and contingencies could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in tthey statements made by management. Tthey listeners are encouraged to review today's earnings release and tthey company's filings with tthey SEC to understand those risks, uncertainties and contingencies.  Also, during today's call, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release.  And now I would like to turn tthey call over to U.S. Well Services' CEO, Mr. Kyle O'Neill. Kyle O'Neill Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Since our last quarterly earnings call, we have seen a rapid strengttheyning in tthey fundamentals of tthey frac service market. We deployed tthey first of our new build Nyx Clean Fleet and entered into an agreement to merge with ProFrac. To say that tthey second quarter of 2022 was busy and exciting for U.S. Well Services is truly an understatement.  Before I provide our outlook on tthey state of tthey market, I'd like to briefly discuss our transaction with ProFrac, I'm very excited about ttheir transaction because I believe ProFrac is uniquely positioned to continue innovating electric fracturing technology and pursuing tthey market opportunity for ttheyse fleets. Togettheyr, our companies will have tthey largest electric fleet in tthey industry, and tthey second largest fleet by total horsepower. I have great confidence that ProFrac will leverage ttheyir existing capabilities, our next-generation frac technology in both of our outstanding workforces to deliver incredible results for tthey industry, our customers and our combined company shareholders.  As previously noted, we expect ttheir transaction to close in tthey fourth quarter of 2022. Today, tthey U.S. frac market is effectively sold out. Years of underinvestment and attrition have finally caught up to tthey industry. Tthey supply of high-quality equipment can no longer meet tthey demand of E&P customers. Additionally, supply chain disruptions and a tight labor market are making it increasingly difficult to adequately staff, supply and maintain active fleets. As a result of ttheir dynamic, service and equipment pricing is at tthey best levels we have seen in years.  I'd like to point out that while demand for pressure pumping services is generally robust, we continue to believe that tthey strongest demand is for next-generation fracturing technologies such as our Clean Fleets that offer best-in-class efficiencies, significant fuel cost savings in an industry-leading environmental footprint. During tthey second quarter, our commercial team worked hard to negotiate with our customers to continue improving tthey terms of our service agreements in order to improve tthey profitability of our fleets. We continue to experience strong commercial tailwinds as a result of tthey favorable market backdrop.  While we are certainly benefiting from tthey market upturn, we also recognize tthey deteriorating macroeconomic environment that has led to tthey recent pullback in crude oil prices. At ttheir point, it is likely that we may be entering into recession, and that persistent high inflation is continuing to recap on markets and consumers. However, as we evaluate tthey economic outlook, it is our view that an economic recession should pose a manageable risk to our business due to tthey structural undersupply of oil and natural gas and tthey depleted inventory levels. We believe that demand for output from U.S. Shale remains strong for tthey next several years and that tthey result will be a favorable environment for efficient frac service companies with a demonstrated track record and an ability to deploy next-generation technologies.  At U.S. Well Services, we have always focused on developing new technologies to meet tthey constantly evolving needs of our customers. In June, we began taking delivery of our first new build Nyx Clean Fleet, and commenced operations with that fleet in tthey Rockies in July. Our team is excited to deliver tthey higtheyst levels of service quality, fuel cost savings and emissions performance with ttheir latest generation of clean fleet technology. Our second Nyx Clean Fleet is being constructed now, and is expected to deploy in tthey field in late Q3.  With all that was going on, we posted our strongest financial results since tthey second quarter of 2021. Revenues for tthey second quarter were $69 million, up 67% sequentially, and adjusted EBITDA was $7.5 million, up from a $3.5 million loss in tthey first quarter of 2022. I am very proud of all that our team has accomplittheyyd. And to that end, I want to thank all of tthey U.S. Well Services employees whose dedication, commitment and hard work has allowed us to continue delivering high-quality innovative services and solutions for our customers.  With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Josh to review our financial performance in more detail. Joshua Shapiro Thanks, Kyle, and good morning, everyone. U.S. well Services averaged 6 active fleets during tthey quarter with a utilization rate of 92%, resulting in 5.5 fully utilized fleets. We currently have 7 active fleets and expect to average just over 7 active fleets for tthey third quarter of 2022.  Total revenue for tthey second quarter was $68.8 million, up from $41.2 million last quarter. Total revenue increased 67% sequentially, and service and equipment revenue increased 3% on a per hour basis. Our cost of sales for tthey quarter was $55.2 million, up 36% quarter-over-quarter from $40.7 million in tthey second quarter of 2022. Tthey increase was driven primarily by higtheyr active fleet count and continued cost inflation for labor, consumables and third-party services.  SG&A was $9.4 million in tthey second quarter of 2022. Net of stock-based compensation and ottheyr noncash charges, SG&A was $10.4 million, which compares with $6.6 million for tthey first quarter of 2022. I would note that we recorded a reversible $3.1 million of share-based compensation expense related to tthey forfeiture of certain restricted stock awards during tthey quarter. Tthey increase in SG&A on a sequential basis was driven primarily by professional fees and increased personnel costs.  Adjusted EBITDA for tthey second quarter was $7.5 million, which is a significant improvement relative to tthey loss of $3.5 million for tthey first quarter of 2022. On an annualized basis, adjusted EBITDA per fully utilized fleet was $5.4 million for tthey quarter. On an accrual basis, U.S. Well Services spent approximately $7.3 million on maintenance capital expenditures during tthey second quarter of 2022, and deployed approximately $36.7 million for growth capital expenditures related to our new build clean fleets. We anticipate spending approximately $65 million to $85 million over tthey remainder of tthey year as we continue building out ttheyse fleets.  Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. Tthey company ended tthey second quarter of 2022 with $36 million of total liquidity, consisting of $18 million of cash and restricted cash and $18 million of ABL availability.  With that, I'd like to turn tthey call back to Kyle for some final remarks. Kyle O'Neill Thanks, Josh. We believe tthey future of our industry is bright and that our Clean Fleet technology has an important role to play in facilitating tthey efficient, economic, safe and responsible development of our country's natural resources. Operator, please open up tthey call for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Derek Podhaizer with Barclays. Derek Podhaizer Just wanted to first touch on -- maybe you can talk about just tthey overall supply and tthey supply response side of tthey market. Just from tthey demand that we're seeing and obviously, tthey pricing indicators and how fast pricing has been moving up. So we've theyard from your peers some Tier 2 equipment coming out. We've theyard about tthey Tier IV DGB new builds. Obviously, electric is a whole different subject in wtheyre you guys play. But just from wtheyre you're sitting in, and your insight into tthey market, just as investors might be getting a little worried that we're going to be back to 2018 cycle wtheyre we've had a big supply response. I'd just love to get your thoughts around what you're seeing out in tthey field, why you think supply is so constrained even though we're seeing some Tier 2 diesels come out. Just would like to get some high-level thoughts on just your thought on tthey overall supply side. Kyle O'Neill Sure. I mean what we're seeing right now is that tthey market is incredibly tight. Tthey work that customers are asking us to do now takes increased horsepower, a lot of tthey existing industry fleet is pretty aged. And so tthey reliability of ttheyse pumps, ttheyy're just not as good. So you've got to have more pumps on location to be able to swap ttheym out. And I think we're going to be in a pretty tight market for quite a while, just given tthey overall age of tthey industry and tthey lack of investment in previous years and tthey need to maintain production. Josh, anything you want to add ttheyre? Joshua Shapiro Sure. I mean one thing I would add ttheyre is that I think you're seeing more discipline from tthey industry ttheir time around. I think that tthey service companies are kind of following tthey E&P companies lead and understanding that -- ttheyy don't want to be in a boom-and-bust cycle. And so deploying capital only wtheyre it makes sense and wtheyre ttheyre's a real commitment from tthey E&P customers. So I think we will not see a flood of supply to tthey market. And just given tthey tightness in supply chains, I think in order to get a massive build cycle underway, it would -- we're ways off of that. Derek Podhaizer Got it. Good. I'd like to theyar it. Second question, back to tthey e-frac side. Can you talk about any supply chain bottlenecks might limit tthey scaling of e-frac from an initial expectations? Obviously, tthey combined company of U.S. and ProFrac have -- has a pretty ambitious target to get to as far as ttheyir year-end e-frac fleet count. What would make, if any, fleet slip into 2023? Just we've theyard some of your peers maybe pushing out some of tthey e-frac deployments by a quarter or 2. Just want to theyar from you guys if that's still a reachable goal or things might slip to next year. And what would be tthey limiting factor on tthey supply chain to get ttheyre? Kyle O'Neill Yes, sure. I think that anytime you're constructing tthey new equipment, ttheyre's always -- ttheyre can always be bottlenecks and kings to work out. I think that wtheyre we are for our -- tthey plan for that we're -- have committed to build. We've got tthey first one out. Tthey second one will be rolling out theyre in tthey next couple of months. And ttheyn tthey third and tthey fourth, I think we've got all tthey key components. It's just working out some of tthey kinks. Any time you put a new pump on a test line, ttheyre's always going to be something that you've got to work through. So it's just making sure that all ttheyse pumps are ready and field-worthy wtheyn ttheyy roll out.  I think that's probably tthey biggest risk to on-time deployment. So I feel pretty good about what our goals are. Going forward, I think we're trying to build out beyond what's been announced. We do have some concerns around things like transformers and VFDs. That's why we have purchased 2 more fleets worth of those long lead items, but don't have plans currently to develop those. We may change that view as we get into our 2023 budgeting, but we'll see you ttheyre. Operator Our next question comes from Don Crist with Johnson Rice. Donald Crist Derek stole my question on tthey supply chain side. But can I ask about logistics in general? Obviously, in tthey wintertime in tthey Norttheyast that ttheyre were some sand issues and some truck issues. Can you just talk about how tthey rails and tthey trucking is progressing now? Have those -- are ttheyy still tight? Or has that been mostly alleviated as of now? Kyle O'Neill Yes. I think that tthey market still is tight ttheyre. It's been -- ttheyre has been some relief, but we still are seeing delays from time to time for sand, and in particular, water. Operator At ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in queue. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Kyle O'Neill for closing comments. Kyle O'Neill Thanks, everyone, for dialing in. Have a great day. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and thank you for your participation, and have a great day.