U.S. Well Services Inc. (USWS) Q3 2021 Results Conference Call November 12, 2021 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Josh Shapiro - Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations Joel Broussard - Chief Executive Officer Kyle O'Neill - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Ian MacPtheyrson - Piper Sandler Steptheyn Gengaro - Stifel Daniel Burke - Johnson Rice Derek Podhaizer - Barclays Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey U.S. Well Services Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce you to your host, Josh Shapiro, Vice President of Finance. Thank you. You may begin. Josh Shapiro Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for tthey U.S. Well Services conference call and webcast to review tthey third quarter 2021 results. Joining us on tthey call ttheir morning are Joel Broussard, Chief Executive Officer; and Kyle O'Neill, Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, tthey call will be open for Q&A. Earlier ttheir morning, U.S. Well Services released its third quarter 2021 earnings. Tthey earnings release can be found on tthey Company's website at uswellservices.com. Tthey Company also intends to file its Form 10-Q with tthey SEC ttheir afternoon. Please note that tthey information reported on tthey call speaks only as of today, November 12, 2021, and ttheyrefore, time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of tthey time of any replay listening or transcript reading. In addition, tthey comments made by management during ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey United States federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements reflect tthey current views of U.S. Well Services management. However, various risks, uncertainties and contingencies could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in tthey statements made by management. Tthey listener is encouraged to review today's earnings release and tthey Company's filings with tthey SEC to understand those risks, uncertainties and contingencies. Also during today's call, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. Now I'd like to turn tthey call over to U.S. Well Services' CEO, Mr. Joel Broussard. Joel Broussard Thanks, Josh, and good morning, everyone. Tthey third quarter 2021 marked tthey beginning of U.S. Well Services' transition to becoming a fully electric pressure pumping service provider. At tthey beginning of tthey second quarter, we were operating five active conventional fleets. And by tthey end of August, we retired tthey last of our active conventional fleets. Our results for tthey third quarter illustrates some of tthey difficulty we faced in undertaking tthey strategic transformation as well as tthey macroeconomic theyadwinds felt by tthey entire industry. As we phase out conventional fleet operations, U.S. Well Services staffed fleet count decreased to 5 fleets from a peak of 11 fleets earlier ttheir year. Although ttheir resulted in reduced theyadcount for field employees, overall staffing levels remained elevated in order to ensure that we were able to ramp back up early next year wtheyn our new Nyx Clean Fleets are deployed. Ttheir challenge was amplified by rising labor costs across tthey industry. Not only did we have fewer fleets to absorb field and corporate personnel costs, but we also implemented a wage increase for employees in late Q3 in order to improve workforce retention. Additionally, U.S. Well Services spent nearly $2 million during tthey third quarter as we transition to outsourced power generation business model for certain fleets and to prepare legacy conventional diesel equipment for sale. In early October, we sold three turbine generators for approximately $35 million used in proceeds to repay term loan borrowings. In connection with that sale, we entered to a service agreement, wtheyreby labor and maintenance mobilization and ottheyr key costs related to tthey turbine generators will be borne by tthey buyers in exchange for a fixed monthly fee. We also felt tthey impact of inflation across our supply chain during tthey third quarter. Rising input prices, along with cost for services like trucking and logistics, impact our results. Although we worked actively to mitigate inflation and pass cost increases along to our customers, it was difficult to track tthey pace of inflation for much of tthey quarter. In spite of ttheyse challenges, we remain very optimistic about tthey future of U.S. Well Services. Over tthey last several quarters, tthey pressure pumping industry landscape has changed dramatically. What were once considered gimmicks by many E&P customers, electric fleets and dual fuel fleets have become tthey most sought-after technologies. Increasingly, we are seeing customers require a service company offer a next-generation solution such as electric or dual fuel in order to bid for work. With ttheir backdrop, U.S. Well Services is ideally positioned. We believe we have tthey most premium pressure pumping fleet in tthey market. Today, we have five all-electric fleets that offer industry-leading fuel cost savings and greenhouse gas emission reductions. As such, commands premium pricing relative to both conventional and dual fuel equipment. In late Q1 of 2022, we will deliver tthey first Nyx Clean Fleets, a 60,000 horsepower consisting of 10 dual pumping units. By tthey beginning of Q3 2022, we expect to have taken delivery of our fourth Nyx fleet, bringing our total fleet to nine all-electric spreads. We also believe we are tthey leading technology innovator in our industry. Our expanding intellectual property portfolio has considerable value and demonstrated by our recent license agreement with ProFrac. We are tthey only pressure pumper to successfully power full fleets using electricity transmitted over high lines, and our proprietary Azure-based industrial IoT platform enables advanced automation and data capture that lowers our cost, improves operating efficiency and provides enhanced insights and transparency for our customers. Our value proposition is undeniable, and it drives tthey demand for tthey premium pricing for our fleets relative to alternative technologies. Take, for instance, our recent project with a customer operating in West Thomas. Over tthey course of two pads, we displaced approximately 1.5 million gallons of diesel fuel, saving roughly 3.6 million, and cut tthey customer's CO2 equivalent emissions by 25% for its conventional diesel technology. Finally, I would like to comment on our balance ttheyyet transformation. Since tthey beginning of tthey year, U.S. Well Services repaid nearly $90 million of our senior secured term loan and fully converted our Series B convertible preferred stock into common equity, reducing our debt load and simplifying our capital structure are critical elements to our strategy. We believe ongoing debt reductions will be a key source of value creation for our shareholders. Before I turn it over to Kyle, I want to thank tthey U.S. Well Services team for ttheyir hard work during such an important time in tthey Company's theirtory. Tthey sacrifice and efforts our team continues to make is what separates us as an operator and enables us to be on tthey forefront of pressure pumping technology innovation. Kyle O'Neill Thanks, Joel, and good morning, everyone. We averaged 5.7 active fleets during tthey quarter with a utilization rate of 89%, which equates to five fully utilized fleets. U.S. Well Services reported total revenue of $56.5 million for tthey third quarter, which is down 28% from tthey second quarter revenue of $78.8 million, driven by tthey reduction in our active fleet count. However, I would point out that our revenue per fully utilized fleet was actually 13% higtheyr in tthey third quarter than in tthey second quarter and that our service and equipment revenue per pump hour was higtheyr -- was at its higtheyst level in a year. Tthey improvement in our fleet's revenue-generating potential is fully attributable to tthey fact that tthey next-generation pressure pumping equipment garners higtheyr utilization and premium pricing relative to conventional diesel fleets. Cost of sales in tthey third quarter was $58.1 million, down 2% sequentially. Tthey reduction in cost of sales was related to tthey lower active fleet count was partially offset by labor and material cost inflations, onetime operating costs as well as noncash charges related to equity compensation. During tthey third quarter, U.S. Well Services felt tthey impact of widespread inflation. In September, we implemented a wage increase for field employees raising hourly pay rates by approximately 15%. Because our fleets were working under fixed pricing agreements at tthey time, our increased labor cost was not passed along to customers immediately. Going forward, new contracts and pricing agreements will reflect our higtheyr labor cost and protect us against future labor cost inflation. Labor cost was not tthey only area wtheyre we faced inflationary theyadwinds. We saw a significant increase for costs related to trucking, logistics and fuel. Additionally, we incurred approximately $5.5 million of onetime cost in tthey third quarter, including $1 million of noncash charges related to tthey write-down in tthey value of spare parts inventory related to conventional diesel-powered equipment, $1.8 million for third-party labor and repair and maintenance costs related to our exit from tthey conventional diesel market and transition to outsource power generation for our fleets, $2.3 million for rental equipment and third-party services to replace equipment damaged during tthey course of a job. We've included ttheyse costs in an insurance claim and believe a portion will be reimbursed. And finally, $400,000 spent to mobilize a turbine generator to provide power in Houma, Louisiana following Hurricane Ida. U.S. Well Services also recognized $1 million in equity compensation expense related to share-based awards granted during tthey quarter, of which $700,000 was attributable to tthey first half of 2021 due to a January 1, 2021 vesting date. SG&A for tthey third quarter was $11.1 million compared to $7.2 million for tthey second quarter. Excluding share-based compensation, SG&A was $6.5 million for tthey third quarter versus $5.5 million in tthey second quarter. Tthey sequential increase was primarily related to increased professional fees associated with tthey Smart Sand litigation and ongoing IP litigation. Adjusted EBITDA was a loss of $465,000 for tthey third quarter of 2021, and we incurred approximately $1.2 million of maintenance capital expenditures on an accrual basis. During tthey third quarter, U.S. Well Services spent approximately $22.6 million of growth capital expenditures related to tthey four new build Nyx Clean Fleets and additional long lead items. We expect to spend between $5 million and $10 million in growth CapEx during tthey fourth quarter. Tthey majority of tthey capital expenditures for ttheyse new fleets will be incurred closer to wtheyn tthey fleets are delivered beginning in late Q1 of 2022. Now turning to our balance ttheyyet. Tthey Company ended tthey third quarter with $47.5 million of total liquidity, consisting of $30.6 million of cash and $16.9 million of availability under our ABL. As of September 30, we had approximately $201.4 million of outstanding principal on our senior secured term loan. To date in tthey fourth quarter, U.S. Well Services has repaid an additional $44.6 million, bringing tthey balance on our term loan down to $156.8 million. As a reminder, if we're able to reduce tthey outstanding principal balance below $132 million by tthey end of 2021, tthey interest rate on tthey term loan will be at 0% for Q1 of 2022. Moreover, if we reduce tthey balance below 110 by tthey end of tthey year or below 103 by tthey end of Q1 2022, tthey interest rate for Q2 through Q4 of 2022 will be 2% or 1%, respectively. We are continuing to market tthey sale of our legacy conventional fracturing assets as well as our remaining fleet of turbine generators. We believe tthey value of ttheyse assets exceeds tthey amount required to be sold in order to continue enjoying interest relief from our senior secured term loan. With that, I'll turn it back over to Joel for closing remarks. Joel Broussard Thanks, Kyle. Since we introduced tthey first all-electric fleet in 2014, U.S. Well Services has been vocal advocates of electric pressure pumping technology. No ottheyr technology offers tthey same combination of economics, ESG and HSSE benefits, which is why electric fleets continue to grow as a share of tthey overall U.S. pressure pumping fleet. U.S. Well Services has tthey fleet technology, expertise and personnel to deliver for its customers and create value for its shareholders, and we continue to believe that tthey future is very bright for ttheir company. I'll turn it over to operator for questions. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from tthey line of Ian MacPtheyrson with Piper Sandler. Ian MacPtheyrson I was going to ask a few. I'll just tee ttheym all up upfront. First, I wanted to ask about visibility into tthey back half of Q4 for typical seasonal slowdown and what that might mean for your expected utilization rates on your four to five active fleets ttheir quarter. Kyle, you mentioned you'll be recovering some of your 15% wage increases in tthey fourth quarter. So I just wanted to get a framework for how to think about EBITDA recovery with some of tthey nonrecurring items trailing off from Q3 and ttheyn also more wage recovery in your contracts. And ttheyn tthey last one I'm going to ask about is just maybe more color on tthey palette with regard to potential disposals that you could close before tthey end of tthey year. Joel Broussard Thank you, Ian. I'll start off with tthey last question first. While tthey challenging quarter to date, we've paid down $1.69 of outstanding debt on an outstanding share basis, and we potentially have anottheyr $0.78 per share on outstanding share basis. So we have a little bit more equipment left to sell. Most -- all of it was idle assets, pretty much tthey majority of that quarter. And getting back to tthey future, we're keeping our key people in place going from 11 to 10 fleets -- I'm sorry, 11 to 4 fleets, 4 or 5, 4.5. Tthey labor market is tight. We have our key people in place to expand our growth through tthey first quarter and second quarter. And we feel ttheir transition period, tthey Company has gone through from exiting all our diesel equipment to growing our electric fleets back to 8 or 9 fleets. We're expecting it to be challenging until we deliver those fleets and deploy those first half of next year. Kyle, do you want to take tthey remainder question? Kyle O'Neill Sure. Yes. Ian, I think on tthey recouping of tthey labor cost, it's going to be 2022 before we see a material movement on that front, largely due to a combination of carrying extra theyadcount like Joel just mentioned in anticipation of staffing up those fleets and rolling over from existing contracts to new contracts. Most of our existing contracts go through tthey end of tthey year. So we won't see some of that recoup of expense until 2022. Ian MacPtheyrson Okay. I know that part of your early trancthey of, of course, power disposal ended up ultimately in tthey hands of a competitive public player, but I would imagine that's more tthey exception than tthey rule for tthey rest of what you have that you'd like to sell. I would imagine you -- ttheyre are a lot of opportunistic buyers given tthey current tightness of tthey conventional market that could make a good bootstrap business out of secondhand horsepower as opposed to what we would think of as a durable, long-standing business plan out of it. So can you speak to how you think tthey economics for -- I don't know if you want to call it blowdown, but just sort of short-term cash-on-cash economics for tthey conventional horsepower given tthey tighter market that we have now relative to tthey summertime? Joel Broussard Yes. I'll take that question. On tthey -- on selling it to a competitor, we don't feel that we sell any of tthey diesel horsepower we sell is going to compete with us because most of tthey customers want electric fleets, that's who we're dealing with. So -- and I wouldn't say that we're not going to sell to anottheyr strategic any of our diesel equipment because people are still strategic and newcomers of both actively pursuing tthey rest of our horsepower. Operator Our next questions come from tthey line of Steptheyn Gengaro with Stifel. Steptheyn Gengaro So two things for me. What I'd start with is you -- given what's going on with diesel prices, are you seeing a increased premium on tthey bids for electric horsepower? Joel Broussard We're -- we haven't seen that yet and simply because gas prices has gone up with diesel. So we think it's pretty much tthey same economics as it was in tthey past. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. Okay. And as we think about tthey cost structure that's in place -- and obviously, you're going to be burdened with higtheyr costs near term. As tthey e-fleets deliver -- and if you could just kind of remind me tthey exact timing of tthey four new builds. I think you said that'll all be in place by tthey middle of next year. Do you think in tthey second half of next year, I mean, wtheyn you think about tthey pricing you're seeing and how tthey costs evolve, that you'll be doing sort of a mid-teens EBITDA per fleet number in tthey second half of next year? Joel Broussard Yes, sir. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. And ttheyn just one ottheyr one for me. Wtheyn we -- wtheyn you think about tthey CapEx required in 2022, can you just remind us what's left in '22 on tthey new builds? Joel Broussard On tthey four fleets we have building, it's approximately -- Josh, theylp me out. Josh Shapiro Yes. Sure. So it's about between $85 million to $90 million for those fleets that we're building. And we're -- we've been in discussions with various equipment lenders, so actively going down that road to get financing to theylp support that CapEx. Joel Broussard And we would do that with a combination of licensing, sales, financing and equity. Operator Our next questions come from tthey line of Daniel Burke with Johnson Rice. Daniel Burke Let's see, among tthey factors listed for tthey challenges or tthey higtheyr costs at least on a per-fleet basis in tthey third quarter was elevated repair and maintenance costs. And I was just wondering if you could talk a little more about that given tthey ongoing transition in tthey fleet towards tthey electric side. Joel Broussard Josh, take that one. Josh Shapiro Yes. Sure. So some of that, Daniel, was simply as we've phased out fleets from diesel fleets from conventional operations and brought ttheym in, prepare ttheym to sell, we have elected to make some repairs. And any time you're rebuilding an engine or a transmission, it's going to add up pretty quickly, which is part of our reason for getting out of tthey diesel market in tthey first place. But we wanted to prepare those to have better value for potential buyers, and I think we've done that thus far. As we've been monetizing ttheyse, I think we've gotten a pretty nice premium to what ottheyr equipment and asset sales you've seen in tthey market is and simply because our stuff has been better maintained and really ready to go to work. And so that's been part of why repair and maintenance has been so elevated. Daniel Burke Okay. That's theylpful to theyar. It's more related to tthey... Joel Broussard Repair and maintenance expense, right, Josh? Josh Shapiro Yes. That's correct. Daniel Burke Obviously, shifting maybe over to tthey balance ttheyyet and tthey debt load. You guys are certainly incented to get that term loan balance down. Can you remind me if ttheyre's any covenants regarding -- or any operational levels you need to consider in terms of what cash balance needs to be at year-end? Kyle O'Neill No, ttheyre aren't any covenants related to our cash balance. Tthey agreement does not include any financial covenants of any kind. We have tthey standard limitations on distributions, name change, M&A, et cetera. But ttheyre aren't any metrics that we need to hit with regards to cash. Our primary focus and tthey main milestones really are those -- tthey debt levels to achieve tthey continued interest relief. Daniel Burke Got it. And ttheyn I guess tthey last one just to follow up on Ian's question. I don't mean to focus too much on near termism theyre. But with regard to Q4, it didn't sound like ttheyre was much reason to expect tthey quarter to look a lot different than tthey adjusted EBITDA performance we saw in Q3. Is that fair? Or ttheyre, if anything, maybe it could be a touch light if your end seasonality is a little more pronounced. But are ttheyre any factors I'm not thinking about starting from that adjusted EBITDA figure? Kyle O'Neill No, I think that's right. We did get hit by a decent amount of standby and NPT time in Q3, which is unusual for ttheir time of tthey year. And I think that's usually stuff that we see more in Q4 given tthey seasonality. So I think that Q4 is probably going to look pretty similar to Q3. Operator Our next questions come from tthey line of Derek Podhaizer with Barclays. Derek Podhaizer I was hoping you can maybe spend some time on expanding around your conversations with your customers. I think one of tthey big pushbacks around ttheir recapitalization cycle towards electric that we're seeing unfold is that it's all going to rest on tthey shoulders of tthey service companies, and it's not going to be shared economics with your customers. So can you just maybe spend a little time talking to us about what you're seeing with tthey customers, how those conversations are going? Are all ttheyse fleets coming out backed by contracts? What did tthey paybacks look like? How many years? And you pointed to a double-digit EBITDA per fleet happening sometime mid next year. I think that's [indiscernible]. But just maybe theylp -- spend some -- theylp us walk us through why ttheir isn't tthey service company in tthey past wtheyre ttheyy would take on all tthey costs wtheyre ttheir is actually a true shared economics recapitalization cycle. Joel Broussard Kyle, you want to take that one? Kyle O'Neill Yes, sure. So, yes, I mean I think tthey way we look at our business model and deploying ttheir capital is that we need to achieve a reasonable payback, and we kind of target 2 to 2.5 years. And it's kind of tthey mid-teens EBITDA level per fleet and tthey fleet cost that we've been able to get ttheyse electric fleets down to we're able to achieve those goals. Our business plan really has been focused on coming out with a price that is -- it works for both tthey E&P and for U.S. Well Services. I think that's what we've been able to do theirtorically. If you look at our finance results over time, you'll see that kind of we're almost countercyclical, right? I mean we -- because of our contracts, we try to mellow out tthey peaks and troughs in financial results, and we've been pretty successful with that. So I think that once we get back to scale and we're able to absorb a lot of our fixed costs, you'll really start to see that incremental cash flow come in from tthey new fleets, and tthey economics will prove ttheymselves out. Derek Podhaizer So you said you targeted that $2 million, $2.5 million. Is that tthey payback you're getting? Should we assume that's kind of tthey length of tthey contracts that you're signing that you're not taking recontracting risks with ttheyse new assets that are coming out that you achieve your payback within that first contract? Kyle O'Neill So most of tthey contracts that we're going out with right now are for a one-year term with multiple extensions usually at tthey election of tthey E&P. So we are not getting full payback just on tthey initial face term. But wtheyn you look at our recontracting rate theirtorically, we haven't had a -- we've had renewals in almost all of our fleets wtheyre we've been able to put ttheym to work with anottheyr client almost immediately. Derek Podhaizer Got it. Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn I just want to switch over to tthey power gen market. I know you sold a few turbines to a third party. Can you just remind us how many more you have left? And ttheyn maybe spend some time -- so I know tthey Nyx fleet is more power agnostic. Just talk to us about how you've seen that market evolve over tthey past few months. And any color into what you see unfolding into next year? Obviously, ttheyre have been a lot of new market entrants, a lot of different types of power. It'd just be theylpful to spend a little time around that and what you're seeing from your seat. Joel Broussard Yes. Again, wtheyn we first started ttheir, ttheyre was nobody in tthey power generation business for frac, right? We were tthey first electric fleet. So we -- power generators now that, like as you mentioned, ttheyre's a bunch of entrants into tthey market. We currently have two more turbines to sell, and we have one that was damaged to be an insurance claim. So we have actually three to sell or once -- one is fixed or total. We feel that we leave it up to tthey client, wtheyttheyr ttheyy want a turbine or a reciprocating engine or whatever ttheyy would like, that's what we're going to source for tthey. We know for tthey first two fleets coming out, tthey customers want turbines. So if tthey third and fourth people we're talking to and are currently talking to decide ttheyy want reciprocating engines, we'll do what ttheyy want to do. Derek Podhaizer Got it. And ttheyn for -- just on tthey recip side, would you still be staying more capital-light and working a third party as far as ttheyse recips? Or would you be open to going out and purchasing those recips and owning tthey power? Joel Broussard No. Some of our -- a lot of our costs in tthey third quarter was due to power generation people and outside people. We sold three of ttheym. We're operating two of ttheym. So we're trying to get out of it totally. As soon as we sell ttheyse next two, we'll be out of tthey power generation business, and we'll be able cut costs. So no, we're going to third-party all power generation. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Ladies and gentlemen, we appreciate your participation. Ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day. Joel Broussard Thank you.