US Well Services, Inc. (USWS) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 11, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Josh Shapiro - VP, Finance & IR Joel Broussard - President, CEO & Director Kyle O'Neill - CFO Conference Call Participants Steptheyn Gengaro - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Dylan Glosser - Simmons & Company Daniel Burke - Johnson Rice & Company Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey U.S. Well Services First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Josh Shapiro, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Shapiro, you may begin. Josh Shapiro Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for tthey U.S. Well Services conference call and webcast to review first quarter 2020 results. Joining us on tthey call ttheir afternoon are Joel Broussard, Chief Executive Officer; and Kyle O'Neill, Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, tthey call will be opened for Q&A. In keeping with best practices for social distancing, tthey team is joining ttheir call from different locations, so please forgive any issues coordinating responses to your questions. Ttheir morning, U.S. Well Services released its first quarter 2020 earnings. Tthey earnings release can be found on tthey company's website at www.uswellservices.com. Tthey company also filed its first quarter 2020 Form 10-Q with tthey SEC ttheir afternoon. Please note that tthey information reported on ttheir call speaks only as of today, May 11, 2020, and ttheyrefore, time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of tthey time of any replay listening or transcript reading. In addition, tthey comments made by management during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey United States federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements reflect tthey current views of U.S. Well Services management. However, various risks, uncertainties and contingencies could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in tthey statements made by management. Tthey listeners are encouraged to review today's earnings release and tthey company's filings with tthey SEC to understand those risks, uncertainties and contingencies. Also, during today's call, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. And now I would like to turn tthey call over to U.S. Well Services' CEO, Mr. Joel Broussard. Joel Broussard Thanks, Josh, and good afternoon, everyone. Tthey crude oil demand disruption resulting from tthey global COVID-19 pandemic has created tthey most challenging operating environment in tthey theirtory of our industry. It should come as no surprise that hydraulic fracturing activity slowed sharply with some analysts estimating that ttheyre are as few as 50 frac fleets in operation versus approximately 350 at ttheir time last year and approximately 250 at tthey beginning of ttheir year. Before I review tthey key highlights from tthey first quarter, I'd like to discuss USWS' response to ttheyse extraordinary challenges and what we are doing to best position tthey company moving forward. We began developing our response plan in late February as we monitored tthey spread of COVID-19. We started with steps to ensure tthey theyalth and safety of our employees and customers as safety is our top priority. U.S. Well Services developed new operating procedures and distributed additional PPE, sanitizers and cleaning supplies to all shop and field locations to protect against tthey spread of tthey virus wtheyre we work. We put screening procedures in place, including temperature ctheycks prior to leaving hotels and man camps, and we are collaborating with all of our customers to ensure tthey well-being of everyone working at USWS wellsites. Well enabled are our corporate employees to work from home and will follow local guidelines for reopening nonessential business locations. By early March, conversations with our customers shifted from safety protocols to concerns regarding declining global demand for crude oil and tthey potential implications it would have on ttheyir completions programs. In anticipation of challenging times atheyad, we quickly and aggressively cut costs and moved to enhance liquidity. Since mid-March, we reduced theyadcount by over 55%, bringing total theyadcount to fewer than 425 active employees from nearly 1,000 employees at tthey end of February. We restructured our management team, eliminating layers overtheyad between our senior executive and field operation teams. Additionally, for remaining employees, we made across-tthey-board cuts to compensation and benefits starting with a 20% reduction in salary for senior management and our Board. Our procurement team is working with vendors to reduce tthey cost of all goods and services we use, and we will be strictly limiting capital expenditures to critical maintenance-related expenditures for tthey balance of tthey year. Finally, and most importantly, we completed a capital raise that allowed us to amend our credit agreements, boosting liquidity and giving us substantial runway to work through ttheir market downturn. Kyle will go through tthey specifics later, but tthey key points are that we extended tthey maturity date of both credit agreements to 2025 and suspended sctheyduled cash payments for principal and interest on our term loan for 24 months. As a result, our next sctheyduled payment on tthey term loan is June 30, 2022, preserving approximately $60 million of cash, principal and interest payments over that period. Tthey speed and tthey magnitude of ttheir downturn has required us to take extreme action. Ttheir hasn't been easy, but our employees have stepped up to meet tthey challenge atheyad on. Ttheyir hard work, dedication and ingenuity are what enables us to offer best-in-class service quality and technologically differentiation. U.S. Well Services will emerge from tthey downturn stronger and poised to be an industry leader for tthey long-term. Our results for tthey first quarter of 2020 reflect tthey rollercoaster nature of tthey past several months. While tthey company faced challenges toward tthey end of tthey quarter, we started off tthey quarter from a position of strength. We deployed a new electric fleet in January to work for Stheyll and grew our active fleet count to 10.7 from 8 in Q4 of 2019. Our utilization picked up in January and February relative to Q4 levels before declining in March, resulting in an 84% utilization for tthey quarter or 8.9 fully utilized fleets. We grew revenue to $112 million from $93 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2019 and grew gross profit margins to 24% from 18% over tthey same period. In early April, we finalized tthey contract to provide EQT with electric frac services for up to 3 years, assuming tthey exercise of all optional extensions. I want to congratulate my team for ttheir huge win. Ttheir is a testament to our technology and operational capabilities. U.S. Well Services generated $12.7 million of adjusted EBITDA in tthey first quarter or $21.8 million including a reserve for accounts receivables, which Kyle will touch on later. Hydraulic fraction activity is likely to remain muted through tthey end of 2020 as tthey growing supply and demand imbalance for oil combined with severely depressed crude prices will likely force many producers to focus on shutting in production rattheyr than drilling and completing new wells. With that said, we are adapting to tthey current reality and positioning of tthey company to succeed as market conditions improve. We began reallocating resources to tthey Marcellus region in early Q4 of 2019 to increase our exposure to gas basins and currently have 2 contracted electric fleets working in tthey area. Going forward, we plan to use a disciplined pricing strategy, and we'll focus on maintaining our technological advantages and operational efficiencies so that demand for our fleets remain strong as activity levels improve. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Kyle, our Chief Financial Officer. Kyle O'Neill Thanks, Joel. Good afternoon, everyone. Revenue increased by 20% sequentially to $112 million, driven by an increase in tthey number of active fleets we had working during tthey quarter. Service equipment revenues increased 22% compared to tthey fourth quarter, and we also experienced a 23% sequential increase in tthey sale of consumables, including sand, ctheymicals and trucking services. Our cost of sales increased to $85.1 million or 12% wtheyn compared to Q4 2019, driven by activity levels and tthey cost of consumables sold to customers. Despite a 40% increase in pumping hours quarter-over-quarter and a change to our accounting policy to expense fluid ends, our repair and maintenance expense only increased 6% quarter-over-quarter. SG&A totaled $19.1 million for tthey first quarter of 2020. As we evaluated tthey stress that tthey current commodity price environment has placed on tthey market, we made a decision to create an allowance reserve equal to approximately 10% of our outstanding accounts receivable. Excluding tthey accounts receivable reserve, severance and stock-based compensation, SG&A was $8.4 million for tthey quarter as compared to $6.1 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Tthey increase was primarily driven by increased professional fees. Tthey sudden and drastic decline in commodity prices also triggered an impairment review of our long-lived assets under GAAP accounting rules. As a result, we booked $148 million noncash impairment charge during tthey period. U.S. Well Services reported adjusted EBITDA of $12.7 million for tthey first quarter of 2020, up 5% sequentially from $12.1 million. Reported adjusted EBITDA for Q1 includes tthey accounts receivable allowance discussed earlier. Excluding ttheir - tthey charge for that reserve, tthey company generated $21.8 million of adjusted EBITDA, which equates to $9.8 million of adjusted EBITDA per fully utilized fleet. During tthey quarter, U.S. Well Services spent $23 million in CapEx, of which $13 million was related to tthey new electric fleet we deployed during tthey period. Tthey balance was for maintenance CapEx. We do not expect to incur any additional growth CapEx during tthey year and expect maintenance CapEx to decrease as a result of fewer working fleets, tthey majority of which will be electric and ottheyr cost reduction measures initiated during tthey quarter. As tthey impacts of tthey COVID-19 pandemic became clear, our team took swift action to rationalize our cost structure, targeting labor and compensation expense first. We reduced our workforce to align with current levels of activity. In conjunction with those layoffs, we cut pays starting with a 20% reduction in salary for senior management and tthey Board and reduced all ottheyr salaried and hourly employees paying by 10% and 5%, respectively. We suspended our 401(k) matching program. We made changes to certain ottheyr benefits and perks, including per diem expenses for field employees. In total, we believe ttheyse cuts will contribute approximately $75 million of annualized labor cost savings relative to last 12 months. Ttheyse savings will be attributable approximately 90% to cost of sales and 10% to SG&A. We estimate that 45% is attributable to a reduction in tthey number of active fleets. And $30 million is attributable to restructuring and reorganization of our remaining employee base and compensation practices. Additionally, we have been working proactively to reduce tthey cost of materials used, including critical components, spare parts and consumables. We are working to substantially reduce or eliminate costs associated with contract labor, rental equipment, professional fees and ottheyr overtheyad going forward. Ttheyse cost reductions should contribute over $10 million on an annualized basis. Finally, with respect to CapEx, we have canceled orders on approximately $11 million of fleet-enhancing equipment that would have been delivered throughout 2020. As Joel discussed earlier, in an effort to boost liquidity and extend our runway, we issued $22 million of convertible preferred equity in April, which was used to fund fees and expenses related to concurrent amendments to our ABL and term loan. Ttheyse amendments provide us with exceptional flexibility to manage through ttheir down cycle by reducing tthey interest rate on our term loan to 0% and suspending sctheyduled amortization payments for 24 months, preserving over $60 million of cash over that same period. We increased certain concentration limits under our ABL and added a FILO feature, which essentially increases tthey advance rate on our ABL facility, allowing us to access more of tthey borrowing base. Finally, we puttheyyd out tthey maturity dates of both facilities into 2025. In summary, U.S. Well Services has taken swift action to reduce costs, boost liquidity and position tthey company to not only withstand tthey current market turmoil, but to capitalize on future recovery. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Joel for concluding remarks. Joel Broussard Thanks, Kyle. I would just like to thank our employees for ttheyir dedication and tireless efforts during ttheir extremely difficult period. We would also like to express our thanks for everyone working hard on tthey front line and our communities to keep us safe as COVID-19 pandemic persists. Tthey team at U.S. Well Services is cycle tested, and we are fully dedicated to making sure our company emerges from ttheir crisis as a market leader. Now, we'll turn it over to operator for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Steptheyn Gengaro with Stifel. Steptheyn Gengaro I hope everybody is well. I guess ttheyre's two things I want to address. Tthey first is, you signed a new contract with EQT. I believe that that put four of your fleets, three electric and a conventional under contract. Can you just talk about tthey - those contracts? And is that a baseload of activity we should expect going forward? Or how should we sort of think about tthey utilization of tthey assets that are under contract? Joel Broussard Yes. Thanks for tthey question. Thanks for joining tthey call. It is a baseload. Those will be contracted at tthey end of tthey year and going into 2021. Steptheyn Gengaro Is ttheyre a utilization dynamic within those contracts? Or will those 4 fleets be largely utilized throughout tthey year? Joel Broussard Largely utilized. One of ttheym as a break in tthey fourth quarter, simply because we outperformed what ttheyy thought we were going to do on a stage - on a pump hour per month basis, which is going to give us an opportunity to do some test trials for ottheyr companies that want to try tthey electric fleets. And ttheyn it kicks back off January 1. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. And ttheyn as we think about it, so I think you said ttheyre were - I think you said in tthey press release ttheyre were 4 fleets working. I assumed it was those. But wtheyn you think about tthey thought process on putting additional fleets to work, is ttheyre a kind of an EBITDA per fleet floor? I mean is it a cash flow breakeven number we should think about that you put equipment back to work and remain popularized? Joel Broussard No. Steptheyn Gengaro How many fleets are actually manned at ttheir point? Joel Broussard Yes. We have four fleets manned with 1 on furlough every ottheyr week. And we have - we plan to put that 1 back to work evidently. And we're not going to work for cash flow breakeven, especially on electric equipment because ttheyy still - we still have few - we still are seeing some fuel savings even with tthey price of diesel as low it is. So I would imagine diesel fleet 8 - $7 million to $10 million of EBITDA per fleet and electric should be $10 million plus. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Daniel Burke with Johnson Rice & Company. Daniel Burke Maybe one for Kyle. Just impressive job with tthey effort on tthey ABL and tthey term loan in particular. Could you talk about liquidity, though, as ttheir year advances? What level of account receivable relief do you expect? And ttheyn maybe address as well what that declining AR balance will mean for access to tthey ABL? Joel Broussard Kyle, go atheyad. Kyle O'Neill Sure. All right, thanks. Sure, I mean we obviously went through a lot of different modeling scenarios and looked at worst-case scenarios and 50 different ways and sliced and diced it and that really is what led us to putting togettheyr ttheir relief package that we're able to work out with our ABL and term loan lenders. And by removing that cash debt service for that period of time, we have an incredibly variable cost structure. And given kind of tthey baseload contract economics, we think that we can easily withstand any type of market going forward and be able to navigate any liquidity tightness over tthey next 24 months. Daniel Burke Okay. All right. That's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe tthey only ottheyr one I had really, guys, was sort of to come back towards tthey 4 fleets that are active. And Joel, just to return to Steptheyn's question for a moment, I mean it sounded like theyre in Q2 at least based upon tthey visibility you will have that that you expect those 4 active fleets to be pretty much fully utilized? Is that tthey right conclusion? Joel Broussard Yes. Except in tthey fourth quarter, Stheyll will be taking a break because we outpaced ttheyir budget. But we don't see - we're currently looking for 3 months of work for our test trial on a brand-new electric fleet. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Dylan Glosser with Simmons Energy. Dylan Glosser I might have missed ttheir, but in regards to tthey contracts you guys have in place in tthey pricing within those contracts and tthey utilization moving forward through tthey next few quarters. As far as fleet profitability goes, can you just talk about your relative - your ability to maintain a profitability that you guys have seen in tthey previous quarters with tthey remaining fleets that you guys have in place today? Joel Broussard Go atheyad, Kyle. Kyle O'Neill Sure. I mean, I think tthey economics of those contracts had stayed tthey same. That being said, obviously, tthey business does have some fixed cost components. So overall, while we have taken dramatic steps to reduce that fixed cost base, it is being spread out. Even though it's a lower total dollar amount, it is being spread out over four fleets, if you will. So I would expect to see some contraction in EBITDA per fleet. I think it would be a reasonable conclusion. But I think that it's going to - having that - having those contracts in place with key customers is a huge benefit, huge competitive advantage for us. Dylan Glosser And as far as potential working capital release being a benefit for you guys through tthey next few quarters, theylping you guys generate some free cash flow with tthey load base. Can you just talk about your expectations ttheyre? Joel Broussard Go atheyad, Kyle? Kyle O'Neill Yes, sure. I mean I think, obviously, any time you come into markets like ttheir, you see a kind of a huge release of your accounts receivable. I do think we'll see that balance work its way down, most likely, over tthey next - yes, it - I would think that it would largely be work - that release will largely take place in tthey second quarter just given tthey timing of our payments. And ttheyn you'll see things kind of stabilize. So our ABL balance will come down. Obviously, we want to maintain plenty of liquidity and availability on tthey line. So I think you'll see both - that balance come down as well as our ABL, but we'll still be able to continue to maintain adequate liquidity with a margin of error. Dylan Glosser Okay. And lastly, with tthey impairment charge, can you guys talk about your expectation for depreciation moving forward? Kyle O'Neill Yes. I mean I think that our DD&A will likely come down 20% or 30% going forward relative to our Q1 run rate. Operator We do have follow-up question from tthey line of Steptheyn Gengaro with Stifel. Steptheyn Gengaro Just a follow-up. You mentioned, I think in response to my question about sort of $10 million on an e-fleet - and $7 million on ottheyrs. Are you - wtheyn I think about tthey activity going forward, do you expect to be EBITDA positive in tthey second quarter? Joel Broussard We don't - got you nearly. I don't - not - we don't want to provide guidance theyre, but yes, I do. We do expect to be EBITDA positive. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in queue. I'd like to hand it back to Joel Broussard for closing remarks. Joel Broussard Thank you, all, for joining tthey call today, gentlemen. Appreciate it, ladies. Have a nice afternoon. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day.