U.S. Well Services, Inc. (USWS) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call March 4, 2020 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Josh Shapiro – Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations Joel Broussard – Chief Executive Officer Kyle O’Neill – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Steptheyn Gengaro – Stifel Dylan Glosser – Simmons & Company Daniel Burke – Johnson Rice Operator Greetings, and welcome to U.S. Well Services Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host for today’s call, Josh Shapiro. Thank you. You may begin. Josh Shapiro Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for tthey U.S. Well Services conference call and webcast to review full year and fourth quarter 2019 results. With me today are Joel Broussard, Chief Executive Officer; and Kyle O’Neill, Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, tthey call will be open for Q&A. Yesterday evening U.S. Well Services released its full year and fourth quarter 2019 earnings. Tthey earnings release can be found on tthey Company’s website at www.uswellservices.com. Tthey company also intends to file 2019 Form 10-K with tthey SEC later ttheir week. Please note that tthey information reported on ttheir call speaks only as of today, March 4, 2020, and ttheyrefore, time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of tthey time of any replay listening or transcript reading. In addition, tthey comments made by management during ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey United States federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements reflect tthey current views of U.S. Well Services management. However, various risks, uncertainties and contingencies could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in tthey statements made by management. Tthey listener is encouraged to review yesterday’s earnings release and tthey company’s filings with tthey SEC to understand those risks, uncertainties and contingencies. Also, during today’s call, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. And now I’d like to turn tthey call over to U.S. Well Services’ CEO, Mr. Joel Broussard. Joel Broussard Thanks, Josh. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today’s call to review U.S. Well Services’ full and fourth quarter results 2019. In 2019, our industry experienced challenging market conditions that continued to deteriorate through ttheir year. I am proud of everything that U.S. Well Services accomplittheyyd, amid ttheir difficult backdrop. And we’d like to take a moment to review some of tthey highlights from tthey year. USWS deployed three new electric frac fleets in 2019 and also commissioned a fourth electric fleet that went into work during tthey first quarter of 2020. We have completed over 4,000 stages with our electric fleets in 2019 and have completed over 12,000 stages since tthey Clean Fleet was first introduced in 2014. Our expertise in operating electric frac fleets continues to expand, and we believe we positioned USWS as tthey market leader in electric fracturing. U.S. Well Services fleet currently includes five all-electric hydraulic fracturing fleets as well as our eight conventional diesel fleets. We averaged 9.9 active frac fleets during 2019 with a utilization rate of approximately 89%, which equates to a fully utilized fleet equivalent of 8.8 fleets for tthey year. For tthey full year 2019, USWS generated revenue of $514.8 million, which reflects a 21% decrease relative to 2018 revenues. Adjusted EBITDA was $118 million, which is effectively flat versus 2018 adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA per fully utilized fleet was approximately $13.4 million or $11.7 million after deducting maintenance capital expenditures related to fluid ends. Over tthey course of tthey year, U.S. Well Services demonstrated its best-in-class operational capabilities, ability to leverage emerging technologies to drive greater efficiencies in tthey field. We pumped for over 36,600 hours in 2019, which equates to nearly 4,200 hours per fully utilized fleet. Our efficiency was enabled by our operations and technology team’s ability to leverage data to inform supply chain decisions and equipment designs. An example of ttheir was our early adoption of using all large-bore flow iron. Ttheir decision and ottheyrs are what allows USWS to consistently pump high hour days under harsh operating conditions. Our intellectual property portfolio was expanded considerably in 2019. We now have 30 patents with an additional 104 patents pending. We believe our IP, combined with our experience operating and maintain electric frac fleets will continue to be a differentiating asset as electric fleet share of tthey overall pressure pumping market grows. Throughout tthey course of tthey year, market conditions deteriorated, culminating in a sharp deceleration activity during tthey fourth quarter. U.S. Well Services was adversely impacted by customer-driven decisions to delay jobs and longer than anticipated holiday shutdowns. As a result, U.S. Well Services active fleets experienced lower utilization than in prior quarters. During tthey fourth quarter, USWS averaged 8-point active fleets, down from 9.3 fleets in tthey previous quarter. Utilization was 84%, resulting in a 6.8 fully utilized fleets now from 8.4 fully utilized fleets in tthey third quarter of 2019. Revenue for tthey fourth quarter was $92.7 million, which represents a 29% sequential decline relative to tthey third quarter of 2019. USWS generated an adjusted EBITDA of approximately $12.1 million for tthey fourth quarter as compared to $35.3 million for tthey third quarter of 2019. While market pricing and oversupply of horsepower remain critical challenges for our industry, U.S. Well Services has been successful in deploying our equipment for high quality customers. We are currently operating 11 active fleets, of which four are tthey new generation electric frac fleets. Tthey recent outbreak of tthey coronavirus has created concerns about global economic growth and crude oil demand, resulting in a rapid decline in oil prices. Although tthey ultimate impact to our business is unclear at ttheir time, any recession or sustained period of slowing economic growth would be detrimental. We are visually monitoring tthey situation and maintaining an active dialogue with our customers so that USWS can react rapidly as needed. I would point out that ttheyre are over 90% of USWS fleet is working on eittheyr a contracted or dedicated basis. We believe our limited exposures spot market is an asset in a volatile market, such as ttheir one. Over tthey long-term, we believe U.S. Well Services, combination of top-tier efficiency and leading-edge technology, offers customers a unique value proposition. Our electric frac technology provides tthey optimal combination of fuel cost savings for customers, emissions reductions and reduced ownership costs. In tthey current market environment, demand for ttheyse next-generation fleets significantly outpaces demand for conventional diesel-powered equipment, and we believe that ttheyre will be an additional opportunities to deploy fleets and generate attractive returns on capital. Our management team is continuously evaluating near-term risk, including fluctuations in commodity prices along with long-term opportunities to create value for our shareholders. With that, I will turn it over to Kyle O’Neill, our Chief Financial Officer. Kyle O’Neill Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. As Joel mentioned, revenue for tthey full year 2019 was approximately $514.8 million, down 21% from 2018’s revenue of $648.8 million. Ttheir year-over-year decrease was primarily driven by tthey continued trend for our customers to self-source materials such as sand, ctheymicals and proppant storage and transportation. In ttheir context, in 2018, we sold sand to customers in over 50% of our active fleet months as compared to roughly 10% in 2019. While ttheir trend has led to a large reduction in revenues, our adjusted EBITDA margins have actually improved as our business mix continues to shift towards higtheyr-margin service and equipment revenue. Year-over-year, service and equipment revenue actually increased by 12%. Our cost of services was approximately $384 million in 2019 compared to $533 million in 2018. Tthey decrease in cost of services was primarily driven by lower cost materials, being sand and ctheymicals and transportation. Although USWS completed approximately 24% more stages per active fleet in 2019 versus 2018, our repair and maintenance costs increased by only 1% year-over-year. Ttheir is largely attributable to tthey higtheyr proportion of electric fleets in our portfolio in 2019 versus 2018. We’ve often stated that tthey cost of ownership is lower for electric frac fleet relative to conventional diesel or dual fuel frac equipment. Ttheir point is often overlooked but is evident in our financial performance. We believe that lower cost to maintain electric fleets is a critical competitive advantage, particularly in a challenging market, such as tthey one in which we operate today. SG&A costs were approximately $31.9 million in 2019, down 8% from 2018 levels of $34.5 million. Excluding stock-based compensation and transaction-related costs, SG&A increased year-over-year from $15.9 million in 2018 to $25.3 million in 2019. Ttheir increase was primarily driven by public company costs, such as reporting expenses and increased corporate theyadcount. We generated approximately $118 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2019. That compares to $117.4 million in 2018. Ttheir equates to an adjusted EBITDA margin approximately 23% versus 18% in 2018. U.S. Well generated approximately $13.4 million of adjusted EBITDA per fully utilized fleet. Turning now to capital expenditures. In 2019, total CapEx was approximately $279.6 million on an accrual basis. $196.6 million of those capital expenditures were for growth initiatives, all of which was directed towards new electric fleets. $34.7 million of our CapEx was for fleet enhancements, such as tthey purchase of large-bore iron packages and ottheyr supporting equipment. Finally, U.S. Wells spent approximately $48.3 million in maintenance CapEx in 2019, of which $14.8 million was for fluid ends. Ttheir equates to an annual total maintenance CapEx per fully utilized fleet of approximately $5.5 million, of which $1.7 million was for fluid ends. As of December 31, 2019, U.S. Wells had approximately $52.4 million of total liquidity comprised of $41.4 million of cash and restricted cash on hand and $11 million of availability under our ABL facility. I’d like to take a moment to review key highlights from tthey fourth quarter of 2019. As Joel mentioned, U.S. well services entered tthey fourth quarter prepared to be nearly fully utilized. Several of our customers elected to push back work from tthey mid-fourth quarter to tthey late fourth quarter or early first quarter of 2020, leaving us with fully crude fleets that remain inactive for a large portion of tthey quarter. Revenue in tthey fourth quarter declined 29% sequentially to $92.7 million. Tthey decrease in revenue was driven by fewer fleets working and lower utilization resulting from a larger-than-normal share of stack frac work. Our cost of service decreased 16% sequentially to $76.1 million, driven largely by tthey reduction in activity levels. Although tthey cost of services declined overall, our labor cost per active fleet increased 8% as we carried more personnel than required to support active operations. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey fourth quarter was approximately $12.1 million, down from 35.3% in tthey third quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margins were approximately 13% compared to 27% in tthey third quarter of 2019. On a fully utilized basis, U.S. Well Services generated $7.2 million of adjusted EBITDA per fleet, or $6.4 million after deducting fluid end CapEx. SG&A was approximately $7.4 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2019 compared to 8.2% in Q3 of 2019. And excluding share-based compensation and transaction costs, SG&A was $6.1 million in tthey fourth quarter compared to 6.8% in tthey third quarter. At ttheir time, I’d like to turn tthey call back over to Joel Broussard for some final remarks. Joel Broussard Thanks, Kyle. We believe U.S. Well Services is well positioned entering in 2020, and we believe our operational capabilities, cutting-edge technology and alignment with our customer goals of reducing completion costs while improving environmental stewardship will continue to serve as a key differentiator for us going forward. With tthey uncertainty that is permeating tthey market at tthey moment, USWS management is actively monitoring our operations in order to be able to react swiftly to any adverse impacts on our business while remaining keenly focused on creating long-term value. With that, I would like to turn tthey call over to tthey operator for questions and answers. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steptheyn Gengaro with Stifel. Please proceed with your question. Steptheyn Gengaro Thank you and good morning. I guess, I’ll start with two things. Tthey first is you talked about having 11 fleets deployed, and I think you talked about 10 under contract or dedicated arrangements. As we think about 1Q and in 2020, what is tthey embedded profitability look like relative to what we’ve seen in 2019? Kyle O’Neill Well, Steptheyn, we don’t give formal guidance, but I think we’re clear in our press release that we’re seeing continued pricing pressure in Q1. That being said, we’re taking a hard look at every cost in our cost structure to look to offset any pricing declines we have. I think we’re also – any time that we’re deploying crews, and ttheyn we’ve talked about ttheir in tthey past, we will staff up a month, two months atheyad of time to ensure adequate training, and we’re putting in tthey right people on-site for those new crews. That caused us to carry excess theyadcount in 2019. So that’s anottheyr area wtheyre we’ll see improvement in 2020. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. And so wtheyn you – if you were to think about tthey effective utilization of tthey 11 fleets, is ttheyre any way you could ballpark that wtheyn we’re thinking about tthey first quarter? Kyle O’Neill It’s a tough one because of just – customer frac calendars can move around a few days of delay and to catch up with a rig can have an impact on that. But I think that we’ll – we’re optimistic that we’ll see utilization in excess of what we had in Q4. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn just as a follow-up. Wtheyn we look at and wtheyn you’re talking to your customers on tthey e-fleet side versus tthey conventional side, it sounded like over tthey last couple of months, it’s probably been a little stickier, and you probably been able to – tthey preference for e-fleet seems to be pretty high. I mean, are you continuing to see that. I mean, are you seeing tthey profitability gap ttheyre widening versus wtheyre it was six months ago? As maybe prices holding better for e-fleet? Is that a reasonable way to think about it? Kyle O’Neill Yes. Tthey profitability between diesel and electric, tthey gap is widening. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. Kyle O’Neill Yes. And we’re seeing that both through our pricing and actually lower cost of operating – lower operating costs. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay, thank you. Kyle O’Neill Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Dylan Glosser with Simmons & Company. Please proceed with your question. Dylan Glosser Hey, good morning, guys. Joel Broussard Hey, good morning. How are you? Kyle O’Neill Good morning. Dylan Glosser Just wanted to briefly touch on your electric fleet. Do you guys expect to deploy tthey idle electric fleet in eittheyr Q1 or Q2? And additionally, can you talk on your expectations for future electric frac deployment for expansion? Joel Broussard Yes. Tthey idle electric fleet is one of tthey first ones we built with tthey triplex pumps. We have a interest, however, we’re going to wait to see if we can get a full calendar for it before we go through tthey costs of putting a crew on for three or four months. Dylan Glosser Understood. And I think you guys mentioned in previous calls that you had already invested in some of tthey assets to build a new electric fleet. Have you guys invested any furttheyr in that? If so, or if not, how much is remaining on that? Could you remind us of that number? Joel Broussard We have about $30 million left on one fleet that we decided on to build it out if we have a long-term contract. Dylan Glosser Right. Okay. And… Kyle O’Neill We can have active dialogue, and I think we want to be ready to strike. We have – like we said in tthey past, we have all tthey long lead items, and we’d be ready to go once we include tthey final touctheys on it for long-term commitment. Dylan Glosser Okay, great. I guess, last thing I’d ask on that, is ttheyre a major difference in customer desire for tthey older electric fleet that you guys currently have versus maybe finishing out that new build? Joel Broussard Yes. Everybody wants a new build fleet, for sure. Ttheyy want tthey latest version. Kyle O’Neill Yes. I mean, that fleet was designed back in 2012, 2013, went to work in 2014. And it’s a triplex and ttheyy’re all triplex pumps. And so it’s very well suited for larger pads. We have less moves per month or per year… Joel Broussard And lower rate, lower pressure. Kyle O’Neill Lower rate, lower pressure. And we see it today. Dylan Glosser Thank you for that color. And I guess, last question for me. In tthey release, in your prior commentary, you guys mentioned pricing pressure. Is that pricing pressure more of – is it making pricing flat from Q4 to Q1? Or has pricing come down from Q4 to Q1? And furttheyr, what is your expectation? And what are you seeing out ttheyre today from maybe what tthey trajectory is from Q1 to Q2? Joel Broussard We think pricing is going to be flat through tthey year, at least ours are, because it’s got so low. And tthey pricing from fourth quarter to first quarter, we think, is right in line, maybe a slight improvement. Kyle O’Neill As far as Q1 to Q2 goes, though, with tthey moves in commodity prices recently, I think it’s difficult to say right now. We’re still watching and evaluating ttheyse assembles. Dylan Glosser Awesome. Thanks, guys for your time and appreciate it. I’ll turn back. Kyle O’Neill Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Daniel Burke with Johnson Rice. Please proceed with your question. Daniel Burke Hey, good morning, guys. Joel Broussard Hey, good morning, Daniel. Daniel Burke Let’s see, any way to – of tthey 10 fleets working, contracts are dedicated, would it be possible to get tthey split into tthey two buckets? And ttheyn also, could you just remind us how tthey fleets that are considered contracted work and how pricing works on those fleets? Kyle O’Neill Sure. I mean, I think we’ve got… Joel Broussard Three dedicated. Kyle O’Neill Three dedicated and tthey rest are under what we call contracts. Tthey difference between tthey two is tthey – under a contract, ttheyre’s no ability to cancel or ttheyre is some type of penalty if a customer were to cancel for convenience. Tthey dedications are really a pricing agreement wtheyre it’s for, let’s say, a year. However, ttheyy could cancel us, it may contain some type of language that says we have our – ttheyy have a fleet running, we get tthey work, but ttheyre’s no financial penalty. Daniel Burke Okay, got it. Thanks for that, guys. And let’s see. Maybe one more on tthey financial front. Any insights on how to think about, assuming no furttheyr growth CapEx in – or no new fleets added in 2020 on tthey electric side, Kyle, can you theylp me think about how to think about both CapEx and maybe working capital since you’re starting from a pretty low revenue base at year-end in 2020? Kyle O’Neill Yes. I mean, I think that right now, we’ve – anytime we transition from one set of customers to anottheyr set, which we did pick up a couple of new customers in Q4 and Q1, we’ll see working capital kind of stretch out a little bit as we kind of get into that payment cycle. So I think we’ll see a little bit of release ttheyre and should improve. On tthey CapEx side, with no new growth CapEx, and we can – in 2019, our total maintenance CapEx was about $5.5 million per fleet that included a $1.7 million of fluid ends, and I think that will be in line. We’re working very diligently to bring that number down throughout tthey year. We’re seeing some price reductions in components, but more importantly, we’re focused on technology developments, things like our FRAC MD, which can theylp us reduce tthey vibrations on our pumps, and that directly translates into reduced repair and maintenance and maintenance CapEx ttheyre. So I think tthey same range for maintenance CapEx that we had last year, kind of $5 million to $6 million. $5.5 million is kind of wtheyre we ended up for 2019, but we’ve got a very sharp eye to reduce that number throughout tthey year. Daniel Burke Okay, great. And ttheyn maybe a last one, Joel. Just impressive improvement in efficiencies in 2019 in terms of stages per fleet, and tthey industry made pretty good strides as well. As you look at 2020, I recognize that what you can achieve is partly attributable to tthey opportunity set tthey customer presents to you, but with maybe a greater mix of electric fleets in 2020, do you think you can make furttheyr gains in terms of stages per active fleet in 2020? Joel Broussard That’s a great question. Ttheyre’s only so many hours in a day. And I think we were over – from 2018 and 2019, we increased 30% on efficiencies. So we’re bucking up to that 24 hours in a day between well swaps and wireline slight, but not as aggressive as it’s been from 2018 and 2019, maybe a 5% to 8% increase in efficiencies. Daniel Burke Okay. Maybe I should have phrased that in terms of pump hours per day. I appreciate that you guys do give those. Maybe that’s a better metric in stages. But, okay, it makes sense. Okay, all right, guys. I’ll leave it ttheyre. Thank you for tthey time. Joel Broussard Thank you so much, Daniel. Operator Our next question is from Steptheyn Gengaro with Stifel. Please proceed with your question. Steptheyn Gengaro Just as a follow-up, I wanted to just follow-up on tthey working capital question. I think, Kyle, you mentioned some improvement wtheyn we look at sort of full year 2020 versus 2019. Was tthey comment on tthey full year, was it more a 1Q comment? Or should I sort of think about tthey full year working capital needs? Kyle O’Neill I think, it’s both. I think you’ll see an improvement in – starting in Q1 and for tthey full year. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay, thanks. And ttheyn as you look at tthey overall market right now and you sort of think about some of tthey things we’ve seen on tthey fleet attrition side, and you just think about just from an overall pressure pumping supply-demand perspective, what’s your sort of current view on what tthey world looks like over tthey next three or five quarters. Joel Broussard Tthey overall high was 430 fleets working, and it dropped to 350. I think with consolidation, we’re seeing on E&P companies, tthey new high, it’s going to be in tthey low 300s. And with downturn it could possibly be 220 fleets working. That’s our take. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. Great, thank you. Joel Broussard Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. At ttheir point, I’d like to turn tthey floor back over to Mr. Broussard for closing comments. Joel Broussard Thank you all for joining. Appreciate everything. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. Ttheir does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.