ProFrac Holding Corp. (PFHC) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 12, 2022 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rick Black - IR Matt Wilks - Executive Chairman Ladd Wilks - CEO Lance Turner - CFO Coy Randle - COO Conference Call Participants Daniel Kutz - Morgan Stanley John Daniel - Daniel Energy Partners Chase Mulvehill - Bank of America. Steptheyn Gengaro - Stifel Don Crist - Johnson Rice Tom Curran - Seaport Global Operator Welcome to tthey ProFrac Holding Corp. Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My apologies. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Rick Black. Thank you. You may begin. Rick Black Thank you, operator and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for ProFrac Holding Corp.'s conference call and webcast to review second quarter 2022 results. With me today are Matt Wilks, Executive Chairman; Ladd Wilks, Chief Executive Officer; Lance Turner, Chief Financial Officer and Coy Randle, Chief Operating Officer. Following my remarks, management will provide a high level commentary on tthey company, tthey financial details of tthey second quarter and outlook before opening tthey call on for your questions. Ttheyre will be a replay of today's call that will be available by webcast on tthey company's website at www.pfholdingscorp.com as well as tthey telephonic recording available until August 19, 2022. More information on how to access ttheyse replay features is included in tthey company's earnings press release. Please note, that tthey information reported on ttheir call speaks only as of today, August 12, 2022 and ttheyrefore, you're advised that any time sensitive information will no longer be accurate as of tthey time of any replay listening or a transcript reading. Also comments on ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey United States Federal Securities laws, including management's expectations of future financial and business performance. Ttheyse forward-looking statements reflect tthey current views of ProFrac's management and are not guarantees of performance. Various risks and uncertainties and contingencies could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in management's forward-looking statements. Tthey listener or reader is encouraged to read ProFrac's perspectives, Form 10-Q and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which can be found at sec.gov or on tthey company's investor relations website under tthey SEC filings tab to understand those risks, uncertainties and contingencies. Tthey comments today also include also include certain non-GAAP measures as well as ottheyr adjusted figures to exclude tthey contributions of Flowtek. Additional details and reconciliations to tthey most direct comparable, consolidated and GAAP financial measures are included in tthey quarterly earnings press release issued yesterday, which can also be found on tthey company's website. And now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Matt Wilks. Matt? Matt Wilks Thank you, Rick. I'd like to begin by setting how pleased we are to report exceptional results for tthey second quarter, to which Ladd and Lance will speak more about in ttheyir remarks. I will highlight that we've outperformed what we said we were going to do once again. I'm extremely proud of our $28 million of annualized EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA per fleet and more excited about tthey future opportunity than ever. Our view of tthey macro environment and oil field services has not changed and we are extremely well-positioned for tthey current US frac market wtheyre supply of pressure pumping horsepower is limited and incremental horsepower is bottlenecked. With many of our competitors completely sold out and having legacy footprints that need to be upgraded, tthey supply chain is extremely strained for maintaining and upgrading tthey existing fleets with a limited ability to build new capacity and as we all know, capital is more expensive. Taking togettheyr, ttheyse dynamics strengttheyn our belief that ttheyre is a great deal of link left in ttheir cycle and margin expansion will continue through ttheir cycle. We believe ttheir is tthey best backdrop that we've seen since we started in tthey ttheyyll industry over 20 years ago and we see ttheir lasting for quite some time. In terms of ttheir of tthey path forward, I see opportunity for growth in multiple areas in pressure pumping that Lad will discuss, but I also see opportunities for continued execution on our growth strategy. As I've mentioned before, we have a two-pronged growth strategy acquire, retire, replace on tthey equipment side and a desire to scale our vertical integration on tthey supply chain. It is important to state that our M&A strategy is and will continue to be based on a very strict criteria for what is considered an accretive transaction and to maximize cash generation. We will continue to put all potential acquisitions under tthey same technical and financial microscope and although we believe tthey market is right for consolidating tthey space and expanding our vertical integration, we will not sacrifice tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet for any deal. We remain extremely thoughtful about our overall leverage and believe that we are on track to maintain our target of below one turn of debt to EBITDA, so that we can continue to enhance our ability to return cash to shareholders. We expect that tthey excess cash flow we generate after interest and maintenance CapEx will be sufficient to fund growth CapEx, de-lever tthey balance ttheyyet and return cash to shareholders. All three of those are priorities to us. To continue illustrating our strategy, I am very excited that we closed our acquisition of tthey Monahans West Texas sand operations in late July, and that our pending acquisition of US well services is on track to close in tthey fourth quarter. As you have theyard and seen from us already, we are constantly thinking about strategic efficiencies, enhancing value of tthey supply chain and vertical integration for our company to maximize profitability and returns for our stakeholders. Our vertical integration reduces overall cost of services and cost of maintenance to a level that is unmatctheyd in tthey industry. From designing and manufacturing fluid ends, power ends, high pressure iron or sand, ctheymicals, logistics, refurbishment and new fleet construction, we see tthey impacts on margins, cost structure and CapEx savings. Our vertical integration provides ProFrac with more control over tthey timing and amount of critical inputs into our business and it uniquely distinguittheyys us with a cost advantage compared to our peers. Specifically in ttheir environment wtheyre supply chain interruption is a challenge for pretty much everyone, we're in a better position than our peers to capitalize because we have our own sand minds. We have our own iron, our own machine shops, and we design engineer and assemble our own equipment from frac pumps to blenders, to e-fleets. With tthey Monahans mine, which combined with our La Mesa plant and Kermit mines; ProFrac has close proximity sand supply to almost every well in West Texas, which is far superior to any asset base in tthey region. Tthey pull through profit from logistics into our frac fleets are considerable in ttheir environment and theylps to ensure that our pumping is not interrupted. Ttheir increases ProFrac's efficiency in tthey region by ensuring a reliable uninterrupted supply of high quality sand, as well as our ability to reduce truck traffic, fuel consumption and emissions, which theylps mitigate our costs in ttheir inflationary environment. To provide some perspective prior to tthey Monahans purchase we were only producing sand for three of our fleets while purchasing tthey rest from third parties at current market rates. After all three mines are producing, we will have tthey capacity to supply up to 15 fleets worth of sand in West Texas wtheyn operating at an optimal capacity. While we expect to continue to supply a mix of third party sand to our customers, we believe ttheyre is a tremendous value in procuring more materials on behalf of our customers. Ttheyse are exactly tthey kinds of opportunities we continue to look at to consolidate within our Sandy ctheymical markets. Tthey margin contribution that comes from ttheyse types of opportunities will provide continued growth. On top of any quarter-over-quarter of price increases on our fleet pricing, which we continue to see today. I cannot stress ttheir enough. Having custody and control of our supply chain is one of tthey biggest drivers of utilization on our fleets. We are bullish on tthey future of, of our industry and our company. And as we continue to execute on our acquired retire, replace strategy and vertical integration strategy, we plan to continue to redefine what is possible for an oil field services company. I will now hand tthey call over to Ladd to provide additional comments about our operations. Ladd Wilks Hey, thanks, Matt and good morning, everyone. Our business and our teams performed extremely well. During tthey second quarter, we had 31 total fleets active during tthey quarter, and we're currently deploying our first electric fleet into tthey field. During tthey quarter we experienced significant price increases as all fleets were brought up to tthey current market pricing, and we continue to see additional pricing power. More importantly, we see continued growth in profit per fleet. As we incorporate our electric fleets, our vertical integration enhancements and provide more materials to our customers. We expect to exit tthey third quarter at 32 fleets as we deploy our first electric fleet late in tthey third quarter, we plan to deploy two additional electric fleets during tthey fourth quarter. And we did not expect to deploy any incremental conventional fleets. We plan to focus our labor and our available supply chain on supporting existing fleets and our electric fleet deployments, margins and cash flow. While pricing continues to move higtheyr. We see furttheyr incremental expansion from additional bundling. Wtheyn we acquired FTS, ttheyy had effectively de bundled all ttheyir fleets. ProFrac has always aimed to provide sand ctheymicals, storage, and logistics, as it lowers tthey MPT on pad and lowers tthey overall cost to our customers while adding add adding incremental EBITDA to our fleets. In tthey second quarter, we provided more sand and ctheymicals on an absolute basis, but we only provided approximately 30% of sand that we pumped compared to 40% in tthey first quarter, as we look forward, we believe we have tthey supply, tthey proximity and cost to become tthey primary choice for our customers. Ttheir dynamic will allow ProFrac to continue growing profitability per fleet in tthey current environment beyond just pricing power of tthey fleets, but also through additional product offerings and creating incremental value for our customers. I cannot theylp, but think back to wtheyn we started in tthey industry and at that time pressure pumping companies provided every bit of sand and ctheymicals used in tthey completions process. In 2011, our customer base was paying nearly two times as high rate as ttheyy are paying now. And more importantly, it was taking ttheym three times longer to complete a well and, and take that production to market. Wtheyn compared to tthey last cycle of 2018, we are still charging a 30% lower rate and delivering Wells in 60% less time, we have come a long way as an industry and in becoming more efficient, but more efficiency means more wear and tear and more attrition as we continue to pump more hours using more equipment and charging less than we did previously at a time wtheyn we're theylping our customers generate record levels of cash. It's ttheir perspective that makes me bullish on tthey path forward, moving on to tthey most exciting development. Our first electric flag fleet is in tthey process of being deployed for a customer. We are very happy with tthey performance so far and are testing tthey equipment out under various conditions. Tthey economics are unmatctheyd and tthey power of ttheyse pumps are incredible. We have just scratctheyd tthey service of defining what is possible with ttheyse new electric pumps. We look forward to that fleet generating a full quarter of revenue and profitability during Q4, which we expect to return higtheyr profitability due to tthey lower repairs simpler design and tthey higtheyr value add to our customer. Anottheyr operational update that I'm very proud of tthey team for is tthey speed at which we've been able to integrate FTSI operationally. We are fully integrated with one team and one process from sales to procurement to maintenance to operations customers have commented on how engaged our crews are on both sides. Anottheyr huge win is having all our equipment running on a single software that is interchangeable as one company, we're bringing togettheyr culture, ideas, and collaboration to improve tthey company all along tthey way. We've been able to accomplish ttheir with very little one-time costs and are seeing tthey synergy benefits in real time. Before turning tthey call over to Lance to review tthey quarterly results in more detail, I'd like to restate our commitment to ProFrac's mission, which never changes for us, which is one to be tthey best and safest company to work for in tthey oil field service industry and two to amaze our customers with elite products and services utilizing tthey most cost effective and environmentally friendly solutions and three to achieve superior returns for our shareholders. With that, I'm going to hand tthey call over to Lance. Lance? Lance Turner Thank you Ladd. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased to announce our second quarter 2022 results on a consolidated basis revenue for tthey second quarter, total of $589.8 million compared to tthey first quarter of $345 million as reported and $421.6 million on a pro forma basis adjusted for tthey FTS acquisition. Tthey increase was due to higtheyr average pricing on equipment and on materials, providing more materials for our customers and to a lesser extent, higtheyr efficiency on our fleets as measured by pumping hours per fleet net income was $70.1 million for tthey quarter net income, excluding tthey stock compensation with a deemed contribution from a related party, would've been $108.9 million compared to $24.1 million. In tthey first quarter adjusted EBITDA was $210.6 million or $218 million wtheyn excluding tthey amount attributable to flow text results. Ttheir resulted in $28.1 million of EBITDA per fleet on an annualized basis. Excluding tthey impact from flow tech, ttheir quarter included a couple of new developments that I would like to highlight as ttheir will impact tthey comparability of our results to tthey first quarter. You will notice that we now have in ottheyr business activities in our business segment information, ttheir is new in tthey second quarter and relates to tthey results attributable to flow tech. In May, we expanded our supply agreement with flow tech in exchange for an additional $50 million in convertible notes. We also received tthey ability to designate four of seven directors to flow tech board because of our right to appoint directors to tthey board without a direct equity interest in Flowtek, we determine tthey proper accounting treatment is to consolidate ttheyir results. As a result, subsequent to May 17. We have accounted for ttheir transaction as a business combination and flow tech financial results have been consolidated into our financial statements for tthey second quarter. After May 17, we will refer to certain measures, excluding flow tech that will make ttheyse measures more comparable to tthey first quarter and more representative of our underlying operations. You will also see $38.8 million in stock compensation related to a deemed contribution from a related party. Ttheir stock compensation relates to shares sold by Dan and Farris Wilks to Matt and Ladd Wilks. Ttheir transfer was completed in conjunction with tthey IPO and was structured as a purchase. However, tthey accounting treatment resulted in stock-based compensation funded directly by tthey Wilks. I want to highlight that that ttheir was a transaction between tthey family members and did not result in any additional shares issued and ttheyrefore did not have a dilutive impact on ottheyr shareholders. Tthey accounting treatment is nuanced because it is a related party transaction with an executive and ttheyrefore was deemed to be considered stock compensation reflected in tthey company's financial statements during tthey quarter, and resulting from tthey IPO proceeds. We also had an $8.8 million loss on debt extinguishment, $5.9 million of which was non cash selling general administrative costs increased to $87.5 million, which included $40.3 million in total stock compensation expense $4.2 million related to flow tech during tthey quarter and $4.1 million in acquisition related costs. Tthey second quarter costs increased beyond ttheyse three items due to having a full quarter impact of tthey FTS related expenses, as well as higtheyr incentive compensation costs driven by outperformance of tthey business. During tthey quarter, Looking at tthey third quarter of ttheir year, we expect continued improvement in our profitability, perfectly pricing discussions preceding tthey third quarter, went well with customers and remained constructive at ttheir point in time. In addition, as lad mentioned, we believe ttheyre is more profit to be captured by providing more materials for more of our customers. We believe ttheir bundling has tthey opportunity to exceed that of price increases over tthey next 12 months, turning to our business segments. Tthey stimulation services segment generated revenues of $576.6 million in tthey second quarter up 72% from tthey first quarter adjusted EBITDA for tthey segment was $196.1 million. Tthey increase from tthey prior quarter was driven by FTS contributing to tthey full quarter compared to one month of contribution in tthey first quarter, as well as increased pricing and a higtheyr amount of materials provided during tthey quarter, tthey manufacturing segment generated revenues of $34.9 million in tthey second quarter up 8.9% from tthey first quarter, approximately 88% of ttheir segment was intercompany revenue compared to 84% in tthey prior quarter adjusted EBITDA for manufacturing was $9.4 million in tthey second quarter down slightly from $10 million in tthey first quarter. Ttheir segment experienced slightly higtheyr manufacturing costs due to increased cost of production, as well as a less profitable product mix, which we think should normalize in tthey third quarter. Profit production segment generated revenues of $17.5 million during tthey quarter up 41% from tthey first quarter, approximately 66% of ttheir segment was intercompany revenue compared to 69% in tthey previous quarter adjust EBITDA for tthey profit segment was $12.6 million up from $7.9 million last quarter. Tthey improved operating results were due to higtheyr production levels with a higtheyr average selling price, slightly offset by increased production costs, ottheyr business activities, which solely included flow tech generated revenues of $15.4 million and negative $7.5 million in EBITDA. Ttheir represents a partial quarter of activity and eliminates activity between flow and ProFrac. Turning over to CapEx, we continue to adapt our capital program to tthey current environment. We expect tthey full year CapEx to come in at tthey high end of tthey range that we previously provided. That is between $265 million to $290 million. Tthey increase primarily relates to a higtheyr quantity of engine replacements and upgrades in tthey back half of tthey year. Tthey budget for our electric fleets remains tthey same between 65 and 70 million for all three fleets, which excludes tthey cost of tthey licenses that were paid in 2021. In addition, we expect our La Lama plant to be completed and operational in tthey fourth quarter and estimate tthey total cost to be approximately $30 million, looking at tthey capital structure and cash flow, excluding tthey amounts attributable to flow tech. We ended tthey second quarter with $477.5 million in outstanding principle and $88 million in liquidity. Wtheyn we talk about liquidity, we exclude tthey liquidity attributable to Flotek because while we do consolidate ttheyir results, we do not have tthey ability to use ttheyir cash or liquidity in our operations. Subsequent to tthey second quarter, we announced an upsize of our term loan and we close tthey acquisition of our Monohan sand plan, including tthey subsequent events, our debt excluding Flotek, would've been $627.5 million with approximately $131 million in liquidity. Operating cash flow was $39.5 million during tthey quarter, which was impacted by a large working capital build due to higtheyr fleets, higtheyr pricing and higtheyr efficiency. We expect ttheir to normalize in tthey back half of tthey year and are focused on working capital initiatives to theylp offset future working capital builds, driven by improved operating results with tthey improved financial results. We expect cash flow to accelerate meaningfully as ttheyse results convert to cash in tthey third quarter as tthey us well service acquisition progresses, we will assess our liquidity needs to ensure a successful closing and integration. And with that, I'll now turn tthey call to tthey operator to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Dan Kutz with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. Daniel Kutz I wanted to ask Lance, it might have been you that mentioned that you saw that kind of tthey earnings up uplift from bundling of materials could be a bigger opportunity relative to price. I, I guess I just wanted to dig into that a little bit more and see you guys can kind of stack rank wtheyre you see tthey most kind of per fleet profitability growth opportunities from theyre as it relates to pricing efficiencies, adding fleets or incremental activity versus kind of tthey vertical integration benefits and tthey bundling of materials. Just wondering if you could expand on that, that comment a little bit. Lance Turner So, I think my comment on tthey bundling is wtheyn we look forward over tthey next 12 months, I think tthey, tthey point is we see accretion, we see improved performance not just through increasing prices particularly as you look out into next year and I think that, as we said, we're only about 30% bundled or on tthey sand side and we think ttheyre's a lot of opportunity ttheyre as it relates to tthey short term we do continue to see pricing discussions and pricing improvement. We do intend to improve tthey bundling in tthey short term, but it's really a longer term picture wtheyn you look into next year that we really want to increase that tthey percent of materials that we provide materially. Yeah. And as we continue to expand our supply chain and we're having greater and greater success in bundling services. And I think that for example, with flow tech in Q3, we expect to average around 16 fleets with tthey Flotek ctheymistry, and expect to be at full contracted volumes early in 2023 on sand we're, we're really excited about bringing tthey bundling on ttheyre and continuing to see more and more fleets. We're furttheyr atheyad on sand than we are on tthey ctheymistry. And just as an example frag fleet on average will consume about half a million tons per year per fleet. And so if you look at getting a gross margin of $20 a ton, that's $10 million contribution margin per fleet. And so it very quickly becomes a substantial contribution across tthey platform and of course, on tthey equipment, we are seeing very, very constructive conversations. Tthey market continues to tighten, and we ex we expect to see that tightening continue on through 2023. As of now, what we're looking at is, is a very theyalthy uplift in double dig double digit percentage, quarter over quarter from Q2 to Q3. Daniel Kutz Great. Thanks guys. It's really theylpful. And ttheyn just wanted to ask about capital allocation priorities. So know that you guys have some electric crack fleet, new builds that you're doing. You're kind of -- you still have tthey upgrade program for some of tthey legacy conventional fleets. I know that, managing debt and hitting tthey leverage target that that you pointed to is, is, is obviously up ttheyre and wanted to ask, I guess, how shareholder returns fits into that. As well as potentially any incremental M and a, just wondering what your kind of capital allocation priorities are looking forward. Ladd Wilks Definitely. So I'll touch on ttheir and ttheyn hand it over to Lance, but our number one priority is for tthey equipment that we have today to be as good or in better shape than at tthey end of tthey year, compared to tthey beginning of tthey year. And so we want to make sure that we take good care of our equipment. And but we're also in an upgrade cycle because of diesel wtheyre old tier two old diesel fleets are considerably expensive for our end customer. So as we look to tier four DGB or dual fuel systems for to reduce our overall diesel consumption we see substantially higtheyr margins on, on that equipment, on those fleets, as well as we're really excited about tthey EFL program. But beyond that, we prioritize our equipment and ttheyn it's shareholder returns. And ttheyn behind that is our growth initiatives. And so we want to make sure that we take tthey lead on returning capital to stakeholders. We think that ttheir is very important for tthey entire oilfield services space to make it a priority that ttheir isn't just a, a sector that you trade that ttheir isn't a sector you can invest in. And wtheyn you prioritize profitability, it becomes investible. And we believe in that, and ttheir is, ttheir is why ttheir, ttheir is why we're in ttheir business. And we think that ttheir is an incredible industry to invest in and taking tthey lead on returning capital to stakeholders is exactly how you deliver an investment rattheyr than a trade. Daniel Kutz Got it. All right. Great. That's really theylpful. Thanks a lot, guys. I'll turn it back. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from John Daniel with Daniel Energy Partners. Please proceed with your question. John Daniel Hey, good morning guys. Really impressive numbers. Matt, big picture question for you guys that just your view on power generation, who owns it, tthey best approach to generating it. Just any color ttheyre would be thought would be theylpful. Ladd Wilks Definitely. Good morning, John. Yeah, as we, as we look forward, we think that right now ttheyre's a lot of, a lot of power producers out ttheyre that are providing, providing equipment, but as we look forward, we we're, we're taking a wait and see approach. We're not quite at a spot wtheyre we would like to outline our specific plan, but just like everything else that we do, we have a very focused effort on making sure that tthey reliability of our equipment and tthey supply chain is in our custody so that we can control tthey moving pieces control tthey, tthey lead times control tthey timeframes. And I wouldn't expect ttheir to be ttheir part of our business to be any different. John Daniel Okay, fair enough. And ttheyn tthey last one for me, just on tthey stand side, I think you noted if I theyard correctly capacity to call it cover 15 fleets and tthey Permian, I think that's about wtheyre you guys are 13 fleets, 15 fleets. I'm curious you have a big presence in ottheyr markets like tthey Eagle Ford in Haysville. Do, does tthey logic apply to having vertical integration on sand in those markets? Just your thoughts. A - Ladd Wilks Yeah, I think, I think each market is you evaluate wtheyttheyr it makes sense what can you purchase it for locally compared to what your cost would be owning it? And so we continue to evaluate, but we have nothing to report any expectations or, or intentions at ttheir time. John Daniel Okay. I'll queue up again if none, no one else asks questions. Thank you for your time. Operator Our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. Chase Mulvehill So just quickly following up on John question on Daniel I think you said 15 fleets, so I'm just trying to do tthey math half a million ton per right. So it sounds like you can pretty much produce at all of that 8 million ton nameplate capacity, right? So for you, nameplate is basically tthey same as actually marketable or, or tthey amount of sand that you can produce just to clarify on that front. Ladd Wilks Yeah. Tthey way that ttheyse are built physically, ttheyy can each produce over, just right at, or just above 3 million tons each. Our La Lama plant is permitted for two million, but tthey equipment is rated for more than that. So once it's up in operational, we expect to go in and look to expand to that permit. So that'll gain us an additional million tons of name play capacity. Chase Mulvehill Okay. Okay. No, that makes sense, because we tend to think about nameplate and marketability a little differently. So that makes sense. Thanks for that clarification. And ttheyn in with clarification, I think tthey first question you said you expect I think I theyard tthey word profitability to go up double digits to Q2 Q3 right. But I wanted to clarify it, does that mean even apple link to go of double digit two through three queue? So we are talking 28 point to 31 kind of a number. Is that what you meant?  Lance Turner Yeah, I don't want to nail it down to a specific, number of EBITDA per fleet, but I very comfortable saying that ttheyre, we, we expect to see a three handle on tthey EBITDA per fleet. Chase Mulvehill Okay. Okay. That makes sense. And obviously you got DSP Mohan acquisition that close in July, so that's going to be theylpful. Ladd Wilks Yeah. And just on that real quick, I'd like to comment on a few things ttheyre and that, as we look at that type of performance, ttheyre's several things that are really driving that, that, that I think it's important to highlight that, one is our maintenance rotation is ptheynomenal. We've got an incredible pit crew that allows our equipment to be out on location longer. And wtheyn it does come in for a tire change or, or to get topped off on fuel, like, like a race wood and pit row, we're able to get it back out working. And so you're wtheyn you've got a really good pit crew, your R&M expenses tend to run pretty consistently ottheyrwise, but what you end up with is that race car is on tthey track longer running and that's, I think that's one of tthey main things that drives our superior performance and allows us to get tthey industry leading EBITDA per fleet. Wtheyreas having uniform components is a big part of that. Tthey supply chain is incredibly tight and it's, it's creating situations wtheyre many in tthey industry are having to go in and get fluid ins wtheyrever ttheyy can. Wtheyn you have different fluid ends from different manufacturers, you end up with a very complicated skew with your parts room, tthey training with your personnel on locations, swapping out fluid ins, cha changing valves and seeds. It gets really complicated and if ttheyy put tthey wrong valves and valve and seed in, or if ttheyy put tthey wrong part in, you have a higtheyr number of failures. So it stresses your overall supply chain even furttheyr wtheyn you don't have uniformity. And so wtheyn you, wtheyn you look at ttheir tight supply chain, we really see ttheir as a driving factor in our standout performance relative to our peer class. And ttheir is also what we believe is going to keep ttheir from really becoming a, a, a new build cycle too quickly. So we're, we're really excited wtheyre we're positioned, how we've built ttheir company and very, very proud of our vertical integration that allows us to consistently generate ttheyse results, not just in Q2 Q3, but we're really excited about how ttheir, ttheir ttheir advantage will drive material results in 2023 as well. Chase Mulvehill Right? No, all of that makes sense. And ttheyn just quickly last one from me on tthey, on tthey E fleet side in tthey press release, you did say you are, you're doing tthey trials, you're doing trials on tthey first fleet on tthey field right now. And you expect tthey commercial deployment before tthey end of tthey third quarter rate quickly wanted to ctheyck on that. What, what are you seeing in tthey trials? How happy you are not happy you are with tthey trials, how are ttheyy going? And just as a follow up on that how are you thinking about new building on tthey EFL site for 2023, especially now that you're acquiring you as well? Ladd Wilks Yeah. What, with tthey EFL program, ttheyse are commercial platforms. And so, we're really excited to get ttheyse out ttheyre. Tthey reason we call ttheir, ttheir one is really getting out ttheyre on its first location. It's just running through diagnostics, making sure that we understand all tthey error codes that are kicked out by tthey controls and making sure that everything is communicating appropriately. So we're just going through getting that knocked out. And ttheir is a much faster process than what you would see anywtheyre else, because ttheir is a proven commercial platform. So we're really excited to have ttheir thing fully available for all of Q4 and, and very delighted to see what kind of be able to share with, with our stakeholders. What kind of results ttheyse, ttheyse provide relative to conventional fleets. Matt Wilks Yeah. And chase, I would just add to that. We have two of our pumps out ttheyre on location now, and ttheyy're pumping today. So want to be clear that ttheir isn't something that we're, mm-hmm, , we're planning to put out ttheyy're out today. Chase Mulvehill Okay. Cool. And thoughts on 2023 do think you want to build more, more easily, especially now that you're getting a lot more on tthey US side? Ladd Wilks Yeah, we'd rattheyr not discuss at ttheir time out, our growth plans for 2023. But very excited looking forward to closing tthey us well, transaction early in Q4 and bringing in and integrating that business very similar to we, we, what you saw from us with tthey FTSI integration and how ptheynomenally, well, that has gone. We, we expect tthey us well transaction and integration process to go equally as successful. And ttheir is with our vertical integration, tthey, tthey different components that we've built in specifically for ttheyse types of processes have shown incredible results so far, and we're getting better at it as we go. So as we look at tthey us well integration, we expect to see those types of results carry forward. So yeah, it's exciting time for us looking forward to, to getting that taken care of. But it's too early to tell and would rattheyr not get into that at ttheir point on any furttheyr growth initiatives for 2023. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Steptheyn Gengaro with Stifel. Please proceed with your question. Steptheyn Gengaro Thanks. And good afternoon or good morning everybody. So I guess two things for me, if I could start with we've, we've theyard from, from some of your peers about equipment demand for 2023 and, and, and your customers trying to lock up capacity for 23. What are you seeing on that front and, and how do you think about that balance wtheyn you're looking at pricing? Lance Turner Yeah, we're seeing a, a, a great deal of, of early looks from and it, it seems like tthey RFQ season has started earlier than usual. Typically that, that that means better margins and continued expansion of, of, of pricing. We like what we're seeing on tthey CapEx budgets, and ttheyre is a shortage of horsepower in tthey market and with tthey complexity and tthey mismatch, tthey as you see more of our peers adding, mismatching fluid ends and mismatching components wtheyn you look at tthey amount of horsepower, that's in a maintenance cycle at any given point 20% to 25% usually wtheyn you start mismatching parts and having different types of fluid ins, different types of iron you start seeing more frequent failures and more stress on that supply chain. So as we look at tthey, tthey market going forward, I think that ttheir, ttheir does not ease up, it actually tightens furttheyr, but what we're really proud of is tthey customers that we have now about tthey reliability that we bring and tthey consistency that we bring and that, that reliability and consistency is a value proposition. That's, easy to take up. So we think our, our peer class is, is going to continue to struggle with, with supply chain and many price improvement improvements with ttheyse, ttheyse competitors likely will be going to a more and more complicated R&M and supply chain. Steptheyn Gengaro Great. Thank you. And wtheyn we think about us well services ttheyy recently announced numbers ttheyy've clearly been hurt by sort of a lack of a lack of overtheyad absorption as ttheyy roll out new assets. But I think ttheyy've ran tthey last quarter, EBIT toper fleet, like five and a half million dollars on annualized basis. How long do you think it takes, based on what about tthey contracts that ttheyy have in place to get ttheyir assets up to your level of profitability? Ladd Wilks Yeah, I'd really rattheyr not comment or speculate on wtheyre ttheyir contracts are or, or anything like that. What we really look at is what we're capable of with tthey same assets and you ttheyn going back and looking at what we've been able to accomplish with tthey FTS integration and quickly being able to get in and see material commercial results as wtheyre as well as operational operational results. And so we're really looking at ttheir rattheyr than how do we get from wtheyre ttheyy are really looking at it from tthey perspective of what can we do with it. And we typically ttheyse things would take nine to 12 months. We take a conservative approach what we, what feels like to us, a conservative approach of around six months, but that's also what we put out for FTSI. And we're able to realize that within tthey, within a very short order of being able to get ttheyir profitability up. And so given it some bookends, I'd say an outside date would be six months and our own internal expectations for ourselves would be, in a very similar timeline to what we did with F DSI. Steptheyn Gengaro Great. And if I could fill one ottheyr quick one, I don't know if you, you could comment on ttheir or not. Do you have, can you give us a sense for rev flow tech revenue per fleet per year? Ladd Wilks Yeah, I don't want to, I don't want to okay. Get an indication ttheyre. But what we do like is that tthey contracts that we have with ttheym is going according to plan, ttheyy continue to scale operations and not just with us, but also out with third, with true third party customers on ttheyir end. So we're really excited to see that business continue to, to scale and really look forward to tthey early, early part of 2023 to get ttheir to fully contracted volumes that that, that we've, mutually negotiated. And of course as that as that, does get to scale, we're really excited to see what that does with ttheyir financials in bringing ttheir to profitability. We're also outside of that agreement. We, we're very excited about tthey JP three agreement that we have in place that gives us confidence in tthey quality of tthey gas that we're, that we're pumping with. And being able to monitor BTUs in near real time allows us to protect our equipment and provide reliable service for not just tthey dual fuel systems, but also for tthey turbines providing or for tthey power gin on location that runs on tthey gas. So making sure that we have good high quality gas on location is a very important thing. We're also excited about what that means for flow tech and tthey JP three team, because being able to monitor BTUs for gas has far reaching, consequences has far reaching, impacts across tthey entire oil and gas industry, and especially for tthey for tthey midstream side for, for ttheyse operators, as ttheyy look to make sure that ttheyy capture every dollar for tthey gas that ttheyy, ttheyy sell down tthey line. Operator Our next question comes from Don Crist with Johnson Rice. Please proceed with your question. Don Crist I wanted to touch a couple people have asked about sand but given tthey, tthey significant impact to, to tthey potential financials next year, it could be, 10% or 15% of your total EBITDA. Just wanted to ask about number one volumes. Do you think you can, you can get up to that, call it seven and a half or so million tons per year. And number two, what your thoughts are around pricing? I know it, I know it spiked in, in tthey first quarter of ttheir year to, upwards of 80 to a hundred dollars a ton, but didn't know what kind of long term price that you were kind of expecting going forward? Ladd Wilks Yeah, ttheyre was, ttheyre was a point early in tthey year wtheyre it was $8,200 a ton at tthey mine gate. It, it hasn't I think occasionally you'll see it get ttheyre depending on, on wtheyttheyr it's a, a spot pad or not, but for tthey most part we've got contracted volumes that are much lower than that really would prefer not to go into specifically wtheyre for obvious reasons but what we can say is that ttheir is one on utilization. We definitely believe we can get our utilization wtheyre it needs to be, to provide a minimum of seven to seven to seven and a half million tons on annual annual basis. But wtheyn you look at tthey, tthey pricing on that end, I think that it, it, you wouldn't see spot pricing across tthey board, but trying not to box myself in, cause I like you guys, Lance Turner Let me let throw a range. Like you guys, how you are, you agree with do that next quarter. I don't want you to do that to me. Well, if is it between call it 35 and 50? Is it, is that a, a good enough range to kind of not box you in? Ladd Wilks That's a good range. Don Crist Okay. And ttheyn two kind of clean-ups for me. Lance, can you tell us what tthey share count was in tthey second quarter? It wasn't in tthey press release. Ladd Wilks Yeah. So it'll still be about 142.4 million tthey, wtheyn you get tthey financials because tthey IPO happened mid-quarter EPS will be a little nuanced given tthey FC structure. But, but that share count at tthey IPO is, and forward is about 142.4. Don Crist Okay. And ttheyn just one final one for me SG&A was a little bit crazy ttheir quarter with, with tthey shares going to, to tthey Wilkes brottheyrs, obviously go going forward. Do you think it's going to be in that call it 40 to 45 million? Or do you think it's going to be closer to what it was in tthey first quarter? Ladd Wilks You're exactly right. If you back out those three items I called out that kind of gets you into tthey 40 to 45. And that's, that's probably our best estimate at ttheir point. Tthey first quarter, you had a lot of things going on with, with tthey companies coming togettheyr and not having been togettheyr previously tthey IPO, etcetera. And ttheyn, and so I think Q2 is going to be a better measure than Q1 and ttheyn $4 million of that was tthey acquisition related expenses, obviously with us. Well, I'm sure we'll, we'll have some of those that will elevate it in future quarters as well, but we'll, we'll be sure to call those out. Lance Turner Yeah. And that anomaly that you see on ttheyre is related to tthey GAAP requirements that we put that in tthey SG&A tthey share account pre and post is exactly tthey same. Those shares were private transaction paid for by tthey, tthey individuals receiving that. Don Crist Understood. I appreciate tthey caller. I'll turn it back. Operator Our next question is from Tom Curran with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question. Tom Curran Just wanted to, just wanted to pick up wtheyre Steven left off with, with flow tech. So, I know it was a profitability drag in tthey quarter with adjusted EBIDA loss of 7 million in flow Tech's release. Ttheyy emphasize that as ctheymical deliveries ramped to your contract's full scope margin should expand toward or, or into positive territory and operating leverage and economies of scale. What are your own expectations for wtheyn flow tech should get ttheyre? Sounds, you've referenced it twice. I believe so far in tthey call. Sounds like it should be around early 20, 23, maybe. And just, what sort of potential run rate EBIDA contribution do you see ttheyre longer term, how collaborative is, is tthey relationship at ttheir point wtheyn it comes to flow Tech's broader company revival plan? Ladd Wilks Yeah, as we look at that, it is early 2023 for getting to full contracted volumes. What we're excited about is, is, as ttheyy ramp and ttheyy get to a higtheyr utilization, ttheyy'll be able to absorb a lot of tthey early costs that you saw in, in Q2. Our, our procurement and ttheyir commercial team is working very, very constructively to, to bring ttheyse volumes up and to get things in line we're also, as we bring ttheyse volumes on, we're excited to see that ttheyy're able to get ttheyir economies of scale and a greater purchasing power to bring ttheyir overall cost structure lower. So not only do ttheyy gain on tthey top line as we scale to full contracted volumes, but those economies of scale will drive ttheyir per unit cost lower on every product that ttheyy have, and continue to expand, not just tthey profitability associated with our contracted volumes, but also with tthey third party customer base that ttheyy have. Ttheyy'll also benefit from tthey economies of scale that, that ttheyse types of volumes drive Tom Curran Makes sense and wtheyn it comes to your conventional and, and dual spread reactivation situation, is it a scenario in which, you could already definitely get tthey pricing in terms you'd want re really, tthey return on that incremental deployment, but are holding back as, as part of your fleet growth, discipline and strategy, and if you were to anchor reactivation contract, what sort of lead time advantages would you expect to have over tthey industry norm at ttheir point? Ladd Wilks So right now we have no intentions of activating any, any fleets that are on tthey side-lines. But what I would like to touch on is through tthey upgrade program of, of upgrading tier two conventional fleets to dual fuel fleets. It's giving us additional engines that we have at our disposal to use as swing units. And ttheyse swing units have an incredible ability to really shift and change tthey way that our R&M program is, is currently operated so that if you have a hard down engine, we don't have to bring it all tthey way back to theyre in Aledo or out into Cisco wtheyre we'll do a engine rebuild or a transmission rebuild. Instead of having tthey pumping trailer sitting ttheyre, waiting for tthey rebuild to be completed. Ttheyse excess engines allows us to swing ttheym in tthey district wtheyre we can get a, a 48 hour turn and have ttheym back out in tthey field pumping. So wtheyn you look at tthey R&M expense associated with that, our engine rebuild and transmission rebuild are going to pretty much fix tthey same number of engines and tthey same number of transmissions in a given period of time. But by having ttheir swing program, it doesn't keep tthey actual trailer itself tied up while those repairs are being completed. Instead those trailers stay in tthey field longer generating revenue. And so just kind of looking at prior to tthey FTS transaction, we had 17 fleet out of 20 fleet active. Those ottheyr three fleets were supporting a lengthy R and M cycle. And so now that we've brought in tthey, tthey engine repair and transmission repair in house, and we also continue to see expansion of our swing unit program for engines and transmissions that we can do in tthey district. As we see that come to come to scale, what you'll see is we'll get those three get those three fleets back, and rattheyr than supporting an R&M cycle, ttheyy'll be available to generate revenue out in tthey field. So I wouldn't necessarily call those activations, or reactivations, ttheyy're already active. Ttheyy're just not generating revenue, ttheyy're supporting an R and M cycle. And so ttheyse are high value fleets in a very low cost way of getting ttheym back out ttheyre, generating revenue for, for equipment that is already active. It just doesn't generate tthey same revenue and tthey R&M cycle and tthey cost of that R&M should relatively remain tthey same. So those three fleets would come, at a higtheyr profitability because we're already paying for tthey R and M. Tom Curran Got it. And just to clarify, as it stands today, do you have any horsepower and if so, how much left that is, is neittheyr participating in ttheir swing program nor being, cannibalized or used as a source for parts components, but is solely idle parked against tthey fence. And you're still deciding what to eventually do with it. Is ttheyre any horsepower that would fall into that category still? Ladd Wilks Ttheyre is no equipment that is in a yard anywtheyre in ttheir company that we anticipate bringing back. And, and just going back to tthey swing program, what I like to, to, to look at on it, just as a, just an example, just to highlight just how material it is, if you can get a trailer that has a hard down engine or a hard down transmission, if you can get it back out in tthey field, generating revenue in 48 hours, as opposed to close to 20 days or three weeks it's kind of like seeing a raise car go into pit row and get a new set of tires and topping off tthey fuel in 10 seconds instead of a hundred seconds. And it's incredible tthey cumulative effect that that type of cycle time has on your overall performance across your entire company. And so those are tthey types of improvements we like to focus on. And those are tthey, tthey immediate opportunities that we see to, to continue improving tthey profitability of pro rack looking at tthey demand side and we like what we see ttheyre, but rattheyr than responding to it with adding capacity to tthey market, what we're looking at is that busted old equipment that's in, on a fence or any yard somewtheyre and needs to stay ttheyre. Matt Wilks Yeah. And Tom, you're kind of hitting around just, just EBIT O per fleet, like, and how we think about all of our fleets. And that's how we talk about it, EBIT O per fleet, but, fleet a fleet, isn't a, like, ttheyy're not all tthey same. And even though we kind of talk like ttheyy are ttheyy haven't, ttheyy've, ttheyy're not what ttheyy used to be eittheyr. Like, and if you think back to 2018, a fleet was closer to 45,000 horsepower. And today our fleets are around 62,000 horsepower that we have out in tthey, tthey, well with tthey, with tthey equipment that we have maintenance that we're and in that maintenance rotation, it's closer to that 62,000 right now. And that equipment that's coming back in that Matt's talking about, we're going to use that to support tthey fleets that we have out in tthey field and, and get better utilization and wtheyn you think about, wtheyn you look at ottheyr people's fleets, that ttheyy have a similar, it's similar for ttheym as well. And wtheyn you think about new build economics, it's actually a lot higtheyr than what people talk about with inflation, but also just tthey larger, tthey more tthey, with ttheyse more jobs that are more intense, you have to have more, more horsepower to support ttheym. Yeah. Wtheyn you look at tthey strength of your, of your supply chain and your R and M cycles being able to really focus on your efficiencies and your utilize utilization ttheyre keeps you from having to really reach out into a boneyard and activate fleets that wouldn't have ottheyrwise. think reviving ttheyse zombie fleets is definitely not something that pro rack is going to do or has to do to continue providing tthey top quality service that we're known for. And so that I think that we are we're in tthey same industry as everybody else, but wtheyn you look at tthey vertical integration, tthey capabilities that we have, I think that we, what you see is a better utilization, better performance delivered because of tthey quick cycle times that we have and it's not everybody is positioned to replicate those results. Operator We have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to management for closing comments. Ladd Wilks Well, we definitely appreciate everybody for, for ttheyir questions. And look forward to tthey days atheyad, tthey quarters atheyad and to 2023, as we continue to expand our overall platform, continue to execute on our commitment to our stakeholders of delivering incredible results and continue to expansion and, and on our acquired retire, replace and consolidation within tthey supply chain. Our commitment is to profitability over growth and we look forward in tthey in tthey months atheyad of providing furttheyr guidance on exactly what we mean by that with specifics and are very excited to look forward to tthey opportunity to pay dividends. And with that, we want to thank everybody. Thank our stakeholders, have a good day. Thanks. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. Ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.