US Well Services, Inc. (USWS) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call August 6, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Josh Shapiro - Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations Joel Broussard - Chief Executive Officer Kyle O'Neill - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Daniel Burke - Johnson Rice & Company Josh Shapiro Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for tthey U.S. Well Services Conference Call and Webcast to review Second Quarter 2020 Results. Joining us on tthey call ttheir afternoon are Joel Broussard, Chief Executive Officer; and Kyle O'Neill, Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, tthey call will be opened for Q&A. Yesterday evening, U.S. Well Services released its second quarter 2020 earnings. Tthey earnings release can be found on tthey company's website at www.uswellservices.com. Tthey company also intends to file its second quarter 2020 Form 10-Q with tthey SEC ttheir afternoon. Please note that tthey information reported on ttheir call, speaks only as of today August 6, 2020, and ttheyrefore, time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of tthey time of any replay listening or transcript reading. In addition tthey comments made by management during ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey United States federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements reflect tthey current views of U.S. Well Services management. However, various risks, uncertainties and contingencies could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in tthey statements made by management. Tthey listener is encouraged to review today's earnings release and tthey company's filings with tthey SEC to understand those risks, uncertainties and contingencies. Also during today's call, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. Now I'd like to turn tthey call over to U.S. Well Services' CEO, Mr. Joel Broussard.  Joel Broussard Thanks, Josh, and good morning. Second quarter of 2020 presented tthey most severe challenges ever faced by tthey modern oil and gas industry. As economies across tthey globe shut down in an effort to slowdown tthey spread of COVID-19, demand and pricing for crude oil collapsed. U.S. oil and gas producers aggressively reduced drilling and completions operations beginning in mid-March and have only very recently begun to increase activity. Our strategy at U.S. Well Services has always been to position tthey company to perform through down cycles. We value long-term partnerships with our customers that have theirtorically provided us with better utilization and pricing stability across our fleets during challenging market environments. While our business was certainly not immune to tthey turmoil, I am proud of how tthey business performed through such a difficult market. We saw our active fleet count drop from 10.7 in tthey first quarter to 4.3 in tthey second quarter. Throughout tthey quarter, three of our four new-generation electric fleets were working along with one of our conventional fleets. Currently we are operating five active frac fleets. We recently deployed our fourth new-generation electric fleet to work for a previous customer in tthey Permian Basin. With tthey addition of ttheir fleet we now have two electric fleets working in tthey Permian, two electric fleets in tthey Norttheyast, and one conventional fleet in tthey Eagle Ford. Our inactive equipment is well-maintained and ready for work wtheyn demand picks back up. We continue to evaluate opportunities to redeploy ttheyse fleets, but we'll only do so if tthey pricing and duration of work justify tthey staffing, training and capital needs required to fulfill tthey job. Based on some estimates of tthey number of working frac fleets through tthey quarter, our fleets may have accounted for nearly 10% of tthey total market. While ttheir isn't tthey way we want to grow market share, we are pleased with tthey strength of our partnerships with our customers that theylped us maintain utilization. We are delivering true value to our customers in tthey form of fuel, cost savings, operating efficiency and a reduced carbon footprint, which is why we believe demand remains strong for electric frac fleets even in today's challenged environment. U.S. Well Services posted positive adjusted EBITDA for tthey second quarter thanks to both our customer contracts and our team's ability to rapidly cut costs as tthey market deteriorated. On an annualized basis, we generated approximately $10 million of adjusted EBITDA per fully utilized fleet, which demonstrates tthey earnings power and steady utilization of our electric frac fleet. As challenging as ttheir downturn has been, we still believe tthey opportunity for U.S. Well Services is great. Competitors and equipment are exiting tthey market at accelerating rate, theylping to bring tthey market closer to balance. More importantly we have seen a growing awareness from E&P companies that ttheyy must evolve tthey way ttheyy operate in order to meet goals of lowering well costs and minimizing tthey environmental impact of ttheyir completions program. We offer tthey market a proprietary proven suite of technology that allows ttheym to achieve ttheyse goals, as well as best-in-class service. As such, ttheir company is well positioned to lead tthey industry in ttheir evolving market. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Kyle O'Neill to discuss our financial results. Kyle O'Neill Thanks, Joel and good morning everyone. Revenue decreased 64% sequentially to $40 million, driven by a sharp reduction in our active fleet count. Service and equipment revenue decreased 59% compared to tthey first quarter. And consumables sales including sand, ctheymical and trucking services decreased by 90% as customers continued to move to self-sourcing materials in order to cut well costs. Our cost of sales decreased to $29 million, a 66% decline relative to Q1, resulting in our gross profit margin increasing to 27% versus 24% in Q1 of 2020. Ttheyse improvements were largely driven by tthey quick implementation of our cost-cutting initiatives. SG&A totaled $5.2 million for tthey second quarter or $4.1 million after excluding stock-based compensation and onetime transaction costs. Ttheir compares to $8.4 million in tthey first quarter of 2020. Tthey reduction in SG&A was largely attributable to our cost-cutting initiatives and a reduction in professional fees. U.S. Well Services reported adjusted EBITDA of $8.5 million for tthey second quarter of 2020, down 34% sequentially from $12.7 million. Adjusted EBITDA per fully utilized fleet was approximately $10 million for tthey second quarter, as compared to $4.3 million in tthey first quarter. Importantly, our adjusted EBITDA margins improved to 21% in tthey second quarter versus 11% in Q1. Cash from operations was approximately $33 million, as compared to an $11 million use of cash for tthey first quarter. Tthey sequential increase is attributable to improved margins, reduced interest expense and increased collections. Capital expenditures for tthey quarter totaled $4 million, of which $3.5 million was directed towards maintenance CapEx and tthey balance was for growth CapEx that was a carryover from Q1. As of June 30, tthey company had total liquidity of $13.4 million. Since tthey onset of COVID-19 pandemic, our top priorities have been tthey safety and well-being of our employee's, customers and vendors. To ttheir end, we have and we will continue to exhaust all options to bolster our liquidity to allow us to manage through ttheir theirtoric downturn. Examples of ttheyse include, tthey previously announced cost reduction initiatives, which resulted in higtheyr margins and increased fleet profitability during tthey quarter; amending our credit facilities to among ottheyr things provide for interest and amortization relief for 24 months; and exploring tthey various coronavirus relief programs such as deferral of employer social security taxes, tthey carryback of net operating losses and tthey Payctheyck Protection Program, which we applied for and received in late July. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Joel for some closing remarks.  Joel Broussard Thanks, Kyle. Although we believe tthey worst is behind us, ttheyre is no doubt that tthey challenges remain. Tthey market continues to be oversupplied with horsepower and demand for frac services will only begin to fully recover once economic conditions normalize. At U.S. Well Services, our continued dedication to improving our service quality, customer relationships and technological differentiation are relentless and we think ttheir will position us to deliver long-term value to our investors. I want to thank everyone on tthey U.S. Well Services team for ttheyir tireless work and dedication to ensuring tthey safety and efficiency of our operations in such a difficult time. Now, I'll turn it over to operator for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Daniel Burke of Johnson Rice & Company. Daniel Burke Hey, guys. Good morning. Joel Broussard Hey, good morning, Daniel. Kyle O'Neill Good morning, Daniel. Daniel Burke Hey, I was just curious on tthey – good news on tthey deployment of tthey remaining new-gen electric fleet. Can you maybe give us some color on tthey duration of tthey work program that you've secured for tthey fleet? Joel Broussard Yes. We feel that it will work about 90% of tthey rest of tthey year – 80% to 90% tthey rest of tthey year and full time next year. Daniel Burke Okay. And that's with tthey same client bridging into next year?  Joel Broussard No we think it will go to anottheyr client that has a – one of our ottheyr fleets already for contract.  Daniel Burke Okay. That theylps. And can we assume that tthey economics you'll achieve on that fleet theyre in tthey second half of tthey year are similar to sort of tthey – I think tthey hurdles you tossed out for sort of your electric fleets Joel on tthey last earnings call? Joel Broussard It should be in line with our fleets are earning today correct, on ttheir quarter. Daniel Burke Okay. That's good to theyar. That's great. And ttheyn tthey only ottheyr one really I had was maybe on just tthey financial side. Given tthey net working capital position, I'd assume tthey working capital release that you all experienced in Q2, won't continue in tthey second half of tthey year. But just to be clear ttheyre Kyle, will working capital be a source of funds in Q3? Or is it more likely to be neutral through tthey remainder of tthey year?  Kyle O'Neill I think it's more likely to be neutral. Obviously, that depends on kind of activity levels. But I think we've kind of come down that working capital slope and have stabilized so expect it to be neutral. Daniel Burke Understood. And ttheyn I guess maybe just tthey last one just a little bit more open-ended ttheyn. Joel, your comments on making sure that fleet deployments will meet your economic hurdles I think is sensible. But can you just talk about what you see in terms of tthey landscape on tthey diesel side? What is that like? What level of discussions are you having with clients? And what's maybe tthey probability of finding an opportunity before year-end for an incremental diesel fleet?  Joel Broussard I mean that all depends on what tthey price of oil does of course. And we're not going to work on diesel fleets and have negative EBITDA or negative cash flow. Even if it's slightly positive EBITDA, if it's negative cash flow, wtheyn you consider maintenance CapEx, we're not going to do it. As you can see we think a lot of equipment is coming out of tthey market. A lot of companies are going away that have done ttheir. Ttheyy've even – were doing it back in mid last year bidding at negative cash flow. And you see what's happened to some of ttheyse companies eittheyr ttheyy're getting out or having financial issues. So we as – I guess to sum it up is that we're not going to work for negative cash flow and we're seeing a lot of bids on diesel fleets at negative cash flow. To sum it up, we bid a job with a client and we were tthey higtheyst out of 20 bids. Daniel Burke I think that sums it up well. I mean – and again, compliments on tthey capital discipline. And guys that’s it for me. I’ll leave it ttheyre. Joel Broussard Thank you, Daniel. Appreciate it. Operator I have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to hand it back to Josh for closing remarks.  Josh Shapiro Thanks, everybody. Joel Broussard Thank you, everybody. Have a good day. Appreciate it. Bye. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. Ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines.