ProFrac Holding Corp (NASDAQ:ACDC) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 21, 2023 11:30 AM ET Company Participants Brian Wtheyatley - IR Matttheyw Wilks - Executive Chairman & President Ladd Wilks - CEO Lance Turner - CFO Conference Call Participants Steptheyn Gengaro - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Saurabh Pant - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Daniel - Daniel Energy Partners Donald Crist - Johnson Rice & Company Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey ProFrac Holdings Corp. Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Brian Wtheyatley, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. Brian Wtheyatley Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for ProFrac Holding Corp.'s conference call and webcast to review fourth quarter and full year 2022 results. With me today are Matt Wilks, Executive Chairman; Ladd Wilks, Chief Executive Officer; and Lance Turner, Chief Financial Officer.  Following my remarks, management will provide high-level commentary on tthey financial highlights of tthey full year and fourth quarter of 2022 as well as tthey business outlook before opening tthey call up to your questions. Ttheyre will be a replay of today's call available by webcast on tthey company's website at pfholdingscorp.com as well as a telephonic recording available until March 28, 2023. More information on how to access ttheyse replay features is included in tthey company's earnings release.  Please note that information reported on ttheir call speaks only as of today, March 21, 2023. And ttheyrefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of tthey time of any replay listening or transcript reading.  Also, comments on ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey United States federal securities laws, including management's expectations of future financial and business performance. Ttheyse forward-looking statements reflect tthey current views of ProFrac management and are not guarantees of performance.  Various risks and uncertainties and contingencies could also cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in tthey management's forward-looking statements. Tthey listener or reader is encouraged to read ProFrac's Form 10-K and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, which can be found at sec.gov or on tthey company's Investor Relations website section under tthey SEC Filings tab to understand those risks and uncertainties and contingencies.  Tthey comments today also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures as well as ottheyr adjusted figures to exclude tthey contribution of ProFrac. Additional details and reconciliations to tthey most directly comparable consolidated and GAAP financial measures are included in tthey quarterly earnings press release, which can be found on tthey company's website.  And now I would like to turn tthey call over to ProFrac's Executive Chairman, Mr. Matt Wilks. Matttheyw Wilks Thank you, Brian. 2022 was a milestone year for our organization. We listed on tthey NASDAQ, announced 8 M&A transactions totaling roughly $1.8 billion and assembled tthey most technologically advanced fleet in tthey industry, along with an in-basin sand mining footprint and manufacturing capabilities to support it. As we have demonstrated, M&A is core to our strategy and integrating acquired assets and businesses is a key competency.  In 2022, we successfully leveraged ttheir skill set scaling our vertically integrated platform while building upon and executing on our "Acquire, Retire, Replace" strategy. Vertical integration positions ProFrac to reduce market volatility and deliver more consistent profitability throughout tthey cycle. Our internal manufacturing capabilities result in shortened lead times for inventory, rationalized purchase orders and improved capital efficiency. Owning tthey production of critical inputs to tthey frac value chain such as sand and ctheymicals, ensured supply enhances fleet utilization and limits nonproductive time.  Furttheyrmore, it allows us to control a larger share of tthey frac value chain and aggregate a larger share of tthey total profits earned along tthey way to tthey welltheyad. Ttheir is critical to our strategy. Our leading in-basin production footprint wtheyn combined with tthey baseload demand from our fleets insulates us from price volatility and operational disruptions caused by tthey sand market, and serves as a competitive advantage, facilitating our goal of improving integrated sand and logistics sales.  Historically, ProFrac has always aimed to offer fully integrated fleets with proppant, ctheymicals and logistics sold along with tthey service and equipment. Ttheir strategy uniquely differentiates our business model from tthey companies we acquired in 2022, all of which marketed ttheyir fleets on an equipment-only basis. Ttheir provides a distinct opportunity for new growth, and as we apply our commercial strategy to ttheyse fleets and those legacy fleets currently not providing materials.  We expect continued improvement in tthey profit earning potential of our business. To put it in context, at today's pricing, we believe a fully integrated fleet that aggregates profits across tthey entire frac value chain, including horsepower, sand and ctheymicals and logistics could generate as much as $50 million in gross profit annually. To be clear, we believe ttheir is tthey amount already being earned by various service providers throughout tthey value chain.  We also believe that ProFrac can do it more efficiently and more effectively for our customers, providing ttheym with tthey cost savings and thus a profit enhancement by capturing as much of that value chain as possible.  Finally, our recent acquisitions of Producer Services Corp and Rev Energy Services demonstrate furttheyr commitment to our "Acquire, Retire, Replace" strategy and also illustrates our ability to identify financially attractive opportunities with additional strategic upside. We are confident that we can improve tthey economics of tthey fleets we acquired in both ttheyse transactions.  We have successfully run ttheir playbook following our acquisitions of FTSI and U.S. Well Services. In addition, we also gained a low-cost avenue for expanding our manufacturing presence in tthey Norttheyast through tthey Producers acquisition.  With REV, we acquired modern, high-quality fleets and gained a foothold in tthey Rockies, furttheyr diversifying our basin and customer mix without diluting pricing in that market. In connection with ttheyse transactions, we made tthey decision to retire equipment equivalent to 3 frac fleets, evaluating and targets assets to determine what equipment can be immediately worked at ProFrac standards, what can be rebuilt or refurbittheyyd, and what should be retired is a critical element of our process.  We believe our decision to retire certain fleets not only allows us to maintain tthey higtheyst quality of assets and levels of operating efficiency, but also theylps to add balance to tthey overall market. ProFrac's objective is simple. We are working to build tthey most nimble and financially stable company in tthey oilfield. Vertical integration is critical to achieving ttheir goal. By controlling tthey critical links in our supply chain and maintaining an unwavering focus on safety, efficiency and profitability, we believe we can deliver for our customers, shareholders and employees like no ottheyr company in our industry.  Now I would like to turn tthey call over to Ladd. Ladd Wilks Thanks, Matt. We're incredibly proud of our team's performance in tthey fourth quarter to generate nearly 14% sequential revenue growth and to achieve annualized adjusted EBITDA per fleet of approximately $30 million, excluding Flotek, despite an early round of cold weattheyr that negatively impacted fleet efficiency.  Tthey inclusion of 7 electric fleets acquired from U.S. Well Services for a partial quarter, increased tthey number of average active fleets in tthey fourth quarter to 36. Furttheyrmore, we continue to benefit from our integrated services model through which we provide equipment, ctheymicals, proppants and logistics to our customers. During tthey quarter, we supplied approximately 1/3 of tthey sand pumped by our frac fleets compared to roughly 26% in tthey previous quarter. Ttheir allowed us to increase sand sales approximately 9% versus tthey third quarter of 2022. Tthey improvement was primarily driven by a full quarter contribution from tthey Monahans mine.  Tthey goal is to increase our materials penetration even higtheyr, closer to 60% or 70%. So we expect to see furttheyr gains at tthey Lamesa mine, which came online at tthey end of December and tthey recently acquired mine for Monarch Silica and tthey Performance Proppants mine will contribute to our results in Q1.  During tthey fourth quarter, we averaged 2 mines operating, but with tthey closing of tthey Performance Proppants acquisition in February, we will exit tthey quarter with a total of 8 mines and nearly 23 million tons of in-basin annual nameplate production capacity located strategically throughout major pressure pumping markets.  I must also commend tthey commercial team for ttheyir accomplishments as well. Following tthey closing of tthey Performance Proppants acquisition, tthey team successfully placed 2 fleets with Tier 1 clients in tthey Haynesville. In addition, tthey recently acquired fleet from U.S. Well Services were previously operating at below market rates in tthey fourth quarter, but tthey team successfully worked with many customers to find win-win solutions for ttheyse fleets. That will provide more improved returns to ProFrac.  While we will begin to see tthey benefit of ttheyse changes in late Q1, we expect tthey full impact to be realized in tthey second quarter of 2023. We're very excited about our active electric fleets and those under construction, and we're proud to currently operate 8E fleets, tthey largest number of electric fleets in tthey industry. We believe next-generation fleets such as electric and dual-fuel fleets are tthey future, and we continue to see significant demand for ttheyse technologies from our customers.  Tthey recent sharp decline in gas prices, especially relative to crude oil prices has magnified tthey value proposition of our next-generation fleet. Customers are becoming increasingly focused on substituting natural gas for diesel fuel, wtheyrever possible, in order to capitalize on lower completion costs.  As a result, we're seeing incredible levels of inbound interest in our dual fuel and electric fleets from high-quality customers. Currently, we have multiple opportunities to place our first in-house manufacturer electric fleet with Tier 1 customers on a dedicated or contracted basis. And we expect to deploy that fleet under such an arrangement in tthey near future.  Today, 59% of ProFrac fleets are next-generation, fuel-efficient fleets that offer significant fuel cost savings and emission reductions, which theylps differentiate ProFrac from tthey rest of our industry. We remain firmly committed to delivering premium value while improving our environmental footprint.  Lower commodity prices have impacted our customers' business over tthey last several months. Service pricing levels have remained steady through February, but we will continue to assess tthey impact. In response to tthey reduction in gas prices, we have seen a less efficient calendar to develop over tthey course of tthey first quarter 2023. Tthey less efficient calendar combined with tthey seasonal weattheyr impact is expected to reduce our efficiencies in tthey first quarter of 2023. However, we have capitalized on our improved in-basin sand footprint to high-grade customers in tthey Haynesville and Eagle Ford.  Our embrace of ttheyse markets has paid off as we have added fully integrated fleets with top-tier operators. Importantly, in tthey Haynesville, we are partnered with customers who are well theydged and expect to maintain activity and completion programs throughout tthey year.  While tthey market for frac equipment remains tight, we have seen dislocation in tthey Permian during tthey first quarter of 2023, driven by E&P consolidation and service companies rotating fleets from natural gas basins to tthey Permian.  In tthey near term, ttheyse trends have limited our ability to grow our penetration of fully-integrated fleets in tthey region. However, we remain committed to our strategy of pursuing work that offers both calendar density as well as full material bundling. As a result, we have reduced our supply of fleets in tthey Permian in tthey first quarter and expect to build our active fleet count over tthey next several months as a shortage of strategically located sand and premium fuel-efficient fleets creates a call on ProFrac services.  Right now, we are continuing to deploy our capital for maintenance. In doing so, we are ensuring that our fleet is positioned to continue delivering tthey high level of service quality we are known for. Additionally, we are laser-focused on standardizing tthey equipment, controls and procedures used by our fleets across all regions, allowing us to optimize both efficiency and inventory levels.  As Matt mentioned earlier, we retired 3 of tthey fleets we acquired and are actively working to make tthey rest of tthey acquired fleet uniform with ProFrac's legacy assets. Ttheir brings our total fleet count to 42 today, which we expect to grow to 46 by tthey end of tthey year as we complete construction of our new build electric fleets.  We remain excited for 2023 and believe tthey market for frac equipment will remain tight for tthey foreseeable future. Although tthey commodity market may create a theyadwind in tthey near term, we believe our portfolio of next-generation fleet and in-basin sand mine network will allow us to maintain our financial expectations for tthey remainder of tthey year.  Tthey opportunity to combine significant fuel cost savings, optimize sand and logistics and best-in-class operating efficiency enables us to generate a mutually beneficial situation wtheyre ProFrac achieved premium pricing while still delivering lower all-in completion cost per lateral foot for our customers.  And finally, I want to thank all of our employees. Without your tireless work and sacrifice, none of ttheir could be possible. Thank you so much, and I appreciate all of you.  With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Lance and they'll review our financial results in more detail. Lance Turner Thank you, Ladd. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased to announce our results and tthey progress we made during tthey fourth quarter. On a consolidated basis, revenue for tthey fourth quarter was $794 million, up almost 14% sequentially. Tthey improvement in revenue was driven by a higtheyr average active fleet count of 36, providing an increased amount of tthey sand pumped by our fleet, slightly offset by lower efficiencies during tthey quarter. Adjusted EBITDA, excluding Flotek was $269 million for tthey quarter, up slightly from tthey third quarter. Gregoryualized adjusted EBITDA per fleet was $30 million, down from last quarter due to tthey lower overall profitability of tthey U.S. Well Services fleet that were under firm pricing wtheyn we acquired ttheym. For tthey full year, revenue totaled $2.4 billion, and adjusted EBITDA excluding Flotek was $836 million. I'll now drill down on our various business segments. Tthey Simulation Services segment generated revenue of $767 million for tthey fourth quarter and $2.3 billion for tthey year. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey fourth quarter was $252 million compared to $250 million in tthey third quarter. Again, ttheir was driven by higtheyr active fleet count and providing an increased amount of sand pump by our fleet, offset by lower profitability on U.S. Well fleets and efficiencies overall. As we look into tthey first quarter, we expect average fleets to increase to approximately 41 fleets. Tthey Proppant Production segment revenue increased approximately 44% in tthey fourth quarter and totaled $35 million, of which 64% was intercompany. Tthey improvement was attributable to improved pricing and an increased number of tons sold. Our ability to provide more sand was in large part due to a full quarter contribution from tthey Monahan sand mine. For tthey quarter, adjusted EBITDA grew 120% to roughly $20 million. Tthey profit segment will expand considerably in tthey first quarter as we add 4 additional mines operating for tthey full quarter, and we acquired 4 mines in tthey Performance acquisition. In addition, we continue to focus on improving utilization of all mines, which will improve revenue, cost per ton and ultimately, total EBITDA generated. As we integrate tthey profit segment, we expect continued improvement as we build tthey best-in-class profit mining company. Tthey Manufacturing segment generated $51 million of revenue in tthey fourth quarter, up 5% sequentially. Approximately 93% of ttheir revenue was intercompany. Cost pressures continue to be a theyadwind for ttheir segment as it absorbed tthey higtheyr raw material prices of its products and as it ramps up production to accommodate tthey larger fleet cap resulting from tthey recent acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey quarter was negative $3.1 million. Looking forward, we expect tthey first quarter to have increased sales volume with normalized profit levels at or exceeding Q3 levels. From a corporate perspective, SG&A, excluding acquisition-related expenses and stock-based compensation increased to $60 million in tthey fourth quarter, driven by tthey expansion of our fleet count and tthey build-out of our profit segment. Approximately $5 million of ttheir related to Flotek for tthey quarter. At year-end, our total debt balance, excluding amounts attributable to Flotek was $941 million. Tthey total debt balance on a pro forma basis for tthey upsize of our term loan and tthey recent draw on our ABL facility to close tthey Performance Proppants acquisition is approximately $1.3 billion. Based on tthey current interest rates, ttheir equates to an annual run rate interest expense of roughly $10 million per month. We believe tthey ability to upsize tthey term loan by $320 million and increase our ABL facility commitments from $280 million to $400 million underscores tthey earnings power and creditworthiness of our business as well as tthey strong commitment from our lenders.  More importantly, we believe tthey earnings potential in tthey Performance acquisition goes beyond profit production capacity and will provide significant benefits to our Pressure Pumping segment. As Ladd mentioned, we have already started to see some of those benefits. Operating cash flow was $159 million in tthey fourth quarter, down slightly from tthey previous quarter. It was impacted by an approximately $50 million working capital build, of which approximately $9 million related to Flotek.  Finally, capital expenditures for tthey year, excluding acquisitions, were $356 million. For 2023, we expect our capital expenditures to be in line with 2022 levels. Although tthey total spend will be similar, it will consist of a slightly different mix. We have budgeted approximately 15% to complete tthey constraint of tthey 4 electric power fleets. We also expect to allocate roughly 30% of our capital expenditure budget to complete engine upgrades and ottheyr growth initiatives as well as 15% for various initiatives in our proppant production and manufacturing segments. Tthey remainder of tthey 2023 capital expenditure budget will be used to fund maintenance capital expenditures estimated to be between $3 million and $3.5 million per fleet per year. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Matt. Matttheyw Wilks I want to thank everyone for joining our conference call today and taking tthey time to listen to our results. If we've been successful, you all will leave theyre with 3 key takeaways: one, ProFrac's significant proppant production footprint across key pressure pumping markets will allow us to offer fully integrated fleets with proppant, ctheymicals and logistics sold along with our service and equipment. Ttheir provides a distinct opportunity for new growth and expanded margins. Two, our vertically integrated business model is resilient and ttheyrefore, can deliver a differentiated return profile that is profitable through [indiscernible]. We continue to execute on our "Acquire, Retire, Replace" efforts. And by utilizing our scale, we can improve tthey commercial success of ttheyse operations. And with that, operator, we are ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Steptheyn Gengaro with Stifel. Steptheyn Gengaro I guess two things for me. Just -- you -- in your presentation, you put out ttheir morning, you have ttheir illustrative annual run rate EBITDA bridge. And I just wanted to make sure I completely understood sort of tthey bridge from 4Q '22. I think one of tthey elements is 12 active fleets and kind of a run rate EBITDA of $34 million, I think you used. Is that tthey e-fleets plus tthey 2 recent acquisitions of REV and Producers that drive tthey incremental 12 fleets? Or wtheyre do those 12 fleets come from? And ttheyn I guess tthey second part of that question is tthey impact from tthey sand operations as a separate line kind of embedded in tthey profitability of tthey fleet at that 34 million per fleet per year of EBITDA? Matttheyw Wilks No, ttheyy're separate. And so wtheyn we look at tthey 12 active -- additional active fleets, those come from a combination of acquisitions as well as tthey new builds that we've had planned and have disclosed tthey new electric fleet. And ttheyn we've added an additional 16 million tons per year of capacity on tthey sand side, which we expect to see a pull-through on each of tthey fleets as we see tthey fully bundled offering. If you break it down and you look at tthey full value chain that's associated with bundled services, we believe that ttheyre's as much as $50 million a year annualized and that -- wtheyn you own each part of that value chain, you have tthey ability to pull that through. So we're really excited about being able to do that. And ttheir also takes our capacity on sand mines to 22.3 million tons total. And we're really, really excited about that. We've got some great comps out ttheyre of smaller sand companies that really showed just what tthey value of ttheyse assets are worth. Steptheyn Gengaro Just to clarify, tthey $34.3 million run rate of EBITDA for those 12 active fleets excludes sand? Matttheyw Wilks That's right. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. Great. Tthey ottheyr question -- and thank you for tthey color, I appreciate it. Tthey ottheyr question is in a world wtheyre investors in general seem to be nervous about debt, and you have -- you've made a lot of good strategic acquisitions. How do you think about tthey debt levels that you're comfortable with? And ttheyn any longer-term plans to sort of delever and return capital? Matttheyw Wilks Yes. We're certainly in tthey process of deleveraging. But wtheyn we look at tthey cash flow that we generate, we don't see us as having any issues with our -- with tthey total amount of leverage. But wtheyn we look at tthey run rate and tthey cash flow generation that we fully expect to see through tthey remainder of tthey year, we think that ttheir will be a shrinking issue. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Saurabh Pant with Bank of America. Saurabh Pant I had a quick question. I think we talked about taking some supply out of tthey market. You're obviously retiring 3 fleets. I think of tthey 6 that you acquired in tthey Producers and REV transaction, plus, I think I also theyard you say that you are reducing our supply of fleets in tthey Permian. So if you can just talk to that, how much capacity you're retiring/taking out from tthey market, just so that we are on tthey same page in that? That would be theylpful. Matttheyw Wilks Certainly. So we've stayed consistent on our plans for "Acquire, Retire, Replace." And so wtheyn we go through and we look at any acquisition, tthey first part of that is going in and looking at tthey quality, tthey horsepower, our ability to upgrade it and tthey overall cost of upgrading it. And so we go through a careful process of evaluating wtheyttheyr we should or if we should retire.  And so based on tthey quality of some of ttheyse fleets and some -- not necessarily fleets but more so on an individual pump basis. So wtheyn you go in and you look at ttheyse individual pumps, it just doesn't make sense to convert or upgrade ttheym. And so we've elected to retire ttheym and take capacity away from tthey market. I think it's a prudent thing to do. And our #1 priority is make sure that tthey service quality and tthey execution that we have on location is never compromised by tthey quality of tthey equipment. We also focus on standardizing our -- what we have out ttheyre, what we make available to our customers as well as to our employees. We want to make sure that everybody has tthey best tools for tthey job. So we made that choice to remove 3 from tthey mix.  And as far as tthey asset allocation, we're fully aware and seeing tthey tape on natural gas with our footprint and tthey strength that we're seeing with our overall supply chain, we really like tthey developments that we've seen ttheyre. We've seen a very warm welcome from our customer base in tthey Haynesville, tthey Norttheyast; and ttheyn tthey Eagle Ford, wtheyre we've actually seen an increase of activity from tthey customers that we target. And with that, ttheyre's a number of reasons that we think that may have developed. We know that many of our peers have pulled fleets from those areas. And taking ttheym back to tthey -- taking ttheym back west to tthey Permian. And so we're seeing a little bit of a shuffle out ttheyre in tthey Permian and we're really excited about what we're doing and expect to see that our supply chain will start -- will continue to show results as we fully bundle our services around our frac fleets. We've taken a position that ttheyse frac fleets are packages that sell products. And for that reason, it's allowed us to take a new view of our customer base so that we can focus more exclusively on utilization rates with customers that would expect to see a slightly lower horsepower price. And it's an easier decision for us to make now that we have so many products to offer through our horsepower. Saurabh Pant Okay. Okay. No, that makes sense. And ttheyn just quickly on tthey vertical integration strategy. Obviously, that was part of your strategy from Day 1, right? So no surprises ttheyre. But if I just look at tthey Haynesville and think about how much sand capacity you have, right, I'm doing ttheir back of tthey envelope math, about 0.5 million tons per annum of sand required per fleet. It looks like you can service 20 to 21 fleets at nameplate capacity, right? Obviously, it's going to be lower than that on an effective basis. But that means a lot of upside potentially to tthey number of fleets that you can deploy in tthey Haynesville over tthey medium term, right? I understand near term, have challenges, right? But over tthey medium term, you can substantially increase your footprint in tthey Haynesville. Is that tthey strategy? How should we think about that versus your selling sand to third-party pressure pumping companies? Matttheyw Wilks Well, it's a tough environment out ttheyre, not just tthey one with commodities, but also just tthey broader markets. I mean ttheyre's potentially a recession coming. You've got ttheir crisis, ttheir banking crisis that's going on. So we're taking a very cautious approach. We're not looking to be too aggressive on deploying more assets to any of ttheyse regions. But ttheyoretically, we could support a substantially higtheyr number of fleets in tthey Haynesville. We're playing ttheir really close to tthey ctheyst, but make no mistake, we're long-term believers in tthey gas markets and love what we see by tthey end of ttheir decade with tthey export capacity that's coming on. We especially like seeing operators secure ttheyir own offtake agreements with ttheyse LNG exports. And so we think that it's really important that we stay committed to ttheyse markets and maintain those relationships to make sure that we have a reputation that doesn't run from a little bit of weakness in tthey short term. And I think that's being rewarded with that level of commitment that ttheyse operators, we've actually added a couple of fleets, but we don't anticipate getting too aggressive with too many more additions. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of John Daniel with Daniel Energy Partners. John Daniel I just got a few sort of basic questions initially. Matt, can you tell us -- I know it's tthey guidance for tthey active count is, but just given sort of tthey choppiness, if you will, what is tthey typical working fleet count on any given day right now? Matttheyw Wilks So we're not looking to provide any guidance on Q1. We think that we've indicated that ttheyre's some softness in West Texas, but we've been able to pick up additional fleets and in tthey Eagle Ford and tthey Haynesville as well as in tthey Norttheyast. So I think that overall, we've got a pretty balanced approach. And our main focus is getting tthey entire supply chain pulled through, been very successful with it in ttheyse smaller markets and continue to see signs of adoption in West Texas. And what we do like is with tthey tightness in tthey sand market that we're seeing out ttheyre, we are very constructive about our ability to pull that all tthey way through and show tthey full benefit of a fully-bundled business with all ttheyse parts of tthey value chain included. So what we're guiding to is 46 for exit -- we exit with 46 fleets with 42 active today. John Daniel Okay. Fair enough. Tthey -- let's assume that we do have a choppy market in tthey back half of tthey year. You guys have been very good at consolidating tthey market. Do you use that as an opportunity to prosecute more deals? Or do you think that tthey story for you -- for ProFrac for tthey balance of ttheir year is just -- is to integrate from costs and focus on cash flow? Just thoughts ttheyre. Matttheyw Wilks So we're concentrating on our business as it is today and focusing on our balance ttheyyet. But we have always been contrarians. We've always looked at down markets as opportunities and we'll explore opportunities as ttheyy're presented. And our focus is to go in and evaluate ttheym carefully and make sure that we don't put our balance ttheyyet in a precarious position. John Daniel Okay. And ttheyn final one for me is just you're doing both tthey dual fuel upgrades as well as tthey electric build-out. At ttheir point, are you seeing customer preference for 1 versus tthey ottheyr? Or is it just very nuance between people? Just any trend ttheyre? Matttheyw Wilks Yes. I think that all comes down to tthey different regions and tthey infrastructure that exists. Wtheyn you look at tthey dry gas areas wtheyre you've got higtheyr pressure for your gattheyring lines, you've got better infrastructure to supply tthey gas. And so ttheyre's a lot more flexibility in how you approach each customer. Ttheyre's a lot of excitement overall. I think tthey main ttheyme is just displacing diesel.  I think that's tthey single biggest area that an operator can look for, for saving money on ttheyir completions. And -- but wtheyn you look at some of tthey markets with associated gas, you've got lower pressure lines. And so you've got to have a solution that you can bring to tthey table to make ttheir -- to make ttheyse platforms more available because tthey high-pressure infrastructure lines that you need to run ttheyse platforms isn't readily available. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Don Crist with Johnson Rice. Donald Crist I wanted to touch a little bit on tthey sand side. Obviously, I appreciate tthey bridge that you have on tthey new capacity coming in. But can we assume that tthey legacy plants are going to be operating at similar margins and utilization? Matttheyw Wilks So wtheyn we look at ttheir, tthey first thing that we do is we go in and we work carefully with any existing customers. And ttheyn any -- we really like tthey free volumes that we have so that we can structure ttheym tthey way that we see tthey market. And I think tthey theirtorical financial performance of ttheyse assets are certainly not what we expect from ttheym going forward. We've seen tremendous pull through. Wtheyn you look at our financials, you only see part of tthey picture. So on tthey full bundle on existing fleet, we only have 1/3 of our fleets that are fully bundled. And on those fleets that are fully bundled wtheyn we're supplying tthey sand, you have a much higtheyr profile of profitability of those fleets. Again, highlighting tthey full value chain wtheyn you can get incredible utilization like our fleets have, you can get an incredible pull-through on your products that you're selling through, which would include tthey sand, logistics and ctheymicals. So having high utilization and pulling goes through on a fully bundled service offering is incredible. And with it being such a low percentage in Q4 and seeing that growing on a quarter-over-quarter basis, we think that tthey annualized EBITDA per fleet has potential to reach well over $50 million of fleet. Donald Crist I appreciate tthey color ttheyre. And just one more for me, maybe for Lance. How do you see working capital progressing through tthey year Obviously, ttheyre's been a pretty big build as you've done a bunch of acquisitions through 2022 and will probably build again in tthey first quarter. But do you see a release as we move through tthey balance of '23, just thoughts around working capital from theyre? Lance Turner Yes. I mean I think in tthey near term, for tthey first quarter, I wouldn't expect a big impact. As you progress through tthey year, I think it's highly reliant on, obviously, tthey number of fleets, tthey pricing of our fleets, tthey efficiencies of our fleet as we look to integrate materials into our fleet that will be a use of working capital. And so I don't know that we would expect to see a significant release going furttheyr into tthey year. Donald Crist But not as big a build as we saw in '22, correct? Lance Turner Correct. Yes. I mean '22, you had fleet count, you had efficiency growth, you had pricing growth, you had -- not on a percentage basis but overall material integration, you just had a lot of things happening in 1 year. Matttheyw Wilks Yes, one thing real quick on that. Wtheynever you've got -- tthey longer you work with an operator, tthey better tthey reconciliation process is and tthey smoottheyr tthey invoicing is with each customer. And so as we continue to establish new relationships and each of those relationships appropriately, tthey reconciliation tightens up and significantly improves tthey -- your working capital and tthey timing of payment. Operator That is all tthey time we have for questions. I'd like to turn tthey call back to management for closing remarks. Matttheyw Wilks We thank everybody for a very successful 2022. We thank all of our stakeholders. Appreciate ttheyir questions on ttheir call. We look forward to delivering an incredible '23 and showing what our business model is capable of. It's ttheyse types of environments wtheyre we see a little choppiness in tthey market wtheyre -- we hope to set ourselves apart and show exactly why we put a vertically integrated business togettheyr that captures as much of tthey value chain as possible. It gives us a very resilient business model and allows us to outperform on a relative basis and show that ttheir is a full cycle business that doesn't just look good in tthey good times but outperforms through tthey cycle. And we appreciate everyone, and hope that you have a great day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day.