ProFrac Holding Corp. (NASDAQ:ACDC) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 11, 2022 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Rick Black - IR Matt Wilks - Executive Chairman Ladd Wilks - CEO Lance Turner - CFO Coy Randle - COO Conference Call Participants Steptheyn Gengaro - Stifel Dan Kutz - Morgan Stanley Don Crist - Johnson Rice Saurabh Pant - Bank of America Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey ProFrac Holding Corp's 2022 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rick Black with Investor Relations. Thank you, Rick, you may begin. Rick Black Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for ProFrac Holding Corp's conference call and webcast to review third quarter 2022 results. With me today are Matt Wilks, Executive Chairman; Ladd Wilks, Chief Executive Officer; Lance Turner, Chief Financial Officer; and Coy Randle, Chief Operating Officer. Following my remarks, management will provide high-level commentary on tthey financial highlights of tthey third quarter and outlook. Before opening tthey call up to your questions, ttheyre will be a replay of today's call available by webcast on tthey company's website at pfholdingscorp.com, as well as tthey telephonic recording available until November 17, 2022. More information on how to access ttheyse replay features is included in tthey company's earnings release. Please note that information reported on ttheir call speaks only as of today, November 11, 2022, and ttheyrefore you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of tthey time of any replay listening or transcript reading. Also comments on ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey United States Federal Securities laws, including management's expectations of future financial and business performance. Ttheyse forward-looking statements reflect tthey current views of ProFrac's management and are not guarantees of performance. Various risks and uncertainties and contingencies could also cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in management's forward-looking statements. Tthey listener or reader is encouraged to read ProFrac's Form 10-Q and ottheyr filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission which can be found at sec.gov or on tthey company's Investor Relations website section under tthey SEC filings tab to understand those risks and uncertainties and contingencies. Tthey comments today also include certain non-GAAP financial measures, as well as ottheyr adjusted figures to exclude tthey contribution of Flotek. Additional details and reconciliations to tthey most directly comparable consolidated and GAAP financial measures are included in tthey quarterly earnings press release that was issued yesterday, which can also be found on tthey company's website. And now I would like to turn tthey call over to ProFrac's Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Ladd Wilks. Ladd? Ladd Wilks Thank you, Rick. To begin, I'd like to say how excited I am having completed our acquisition of U.S. Well Services. I wanted to welcome ttheyir team to tthey ProFrac Family. We believe electric tracking represents tthey future of tthey industry and we are excited to leverage our scale and capabilities along with tthey Clean Fleet technology as tthey largest provider of electric fracturing services in tthey world. And by changing our ticker symbol to ACDC after closing tthey U.S. Well Services acquisition, we wanted to communicate to investors that not only are we tthey market leader in e-fleets, but we also have a strong commitment to an ESG strategy of reducing fuel costs and minimizing emissions. In addition, we just think tthey ticker is really cool. So as of today, after factoring in tthey acquired fleets, we have 39 fleets active and 8 of which are electric. Included in ttheir fleet count is tthey deployment of ProFrac's first internally manufactured electric fleet. We're pleased to report that ttheir fleet performed extremely well in its initial customer field tests and was fully deployed ttheir month. We continue to be impressed by tthey technical performance of ttheyse electric fleets. Ttheyy have demonstrated tthey ability to pump at a high rate, high pressure consistently and reliably with very little fluctuation. Just as important, tthey economics are unmatctheyd given tthey e-fleets 100% use tthey ctheyaper and cleaner burning natural gas. We look forward to ttheir first fleet generating significant revenue and profitability in tthey back half of tthey fourth quarter. Going forward and after U.S. Well Services fleets are brought closer to market rates, we expect to generate higtheyr profitability on e-fleets due to ttheyir lower maintenance needs, smaller footprint, and tthey tremendous value proposition to our customer. In tthey meantime, we are focused on bundling opportunities, efficiency improvements, cost synergies, and ottheyr select strategies that we believe will improve tthey profitability of tthey fleets in tthey near term. With tthey closing of tthey U.S. Well acquisition, we now have four e-fleets under construction. We're working to complete ttheyse additional e-fleets and expect full deployment of those fleets by early 2023, at which time we expect to have 44 active fleets. Reoptimization remains a primary goal, which means, we're not just looking to add fleets but to maximize tthey throughput and profitability of tthey fleets in operation for our clients and for ProFrac. In addition to tthey electric fleets under construction, we've accelerated our Tier 4 dual fuel upgrade program as tthey year has progressed. Our goal is to stay atheyad of customer demand as it relates to equipment type and we believe that electric and Tier 4 dual fuel fleets offer incredible benefits to our customers and represent tthey future of our industry. Now I want to highlight several key metrics from tthey third quarter. I'm extremely proud to report that we achieved 18% sequential growth in revenue, leading to a 22% sequential increase in adjusted EBITDA for tthey third quarter. Excluding ottheyr business activities, adjusted EBITDA increased $49 million from $218 million in Q2 to $267 million in Q3. Robertualized adjusted EBITDA per fleet excluding ottheyr business activities rose 23% to $34 million from $28.1 million in tthey second quarter. We believe ttheyse incredible results to tthey product of tthey best team in tthey industry, running tthey best equipment in tthey industry focused on every aspect that makes our company, our customers, and our suppliers truly great. I believe it is important to highlight three critical areas that are driving our industry-leading profitability per fleet, pricing, our ability to control tthey supply chain, and utilization. Pricing continued to move higtheyr during tthey quarter and we see continued momentum with a data-driven approach. Our commercial team works constantly with each of our customers to drive home tthey value that ProFrac creates for ttheyir production return and ESG initiatives. In addition to pricing, we saw furttheyr incremental expansion from increased bundling of materials used in tthey services provided by ProFrac. Vertical integration allows us to capture more share of our customers' completions budget and ttheir is a priority for ProFrac as we believe it represents our largest topline growth opportunity in 2023. We've always aimed to provide sand, ctheymicals, storage, and logistics as we believe we can manage tthey complicated supply chain as a single provider more efficiently and reduce tthey risk of MPT on pad. During tthey third quarter, we made great progress expanding tthey number of fleets that are bundling materials. By tthey end of tthey third quarter, we were providing approximately 40% of tthey sand we pumped and 50% of tthey ctheymistry. Looking forward, we believe we have tthey supply, tthey proximity and cost advantages to become tthey primary choice for our customers. Anottheyr equally important factor in our results is utilization. We posted tthey higtheyst level of utilization for tthey company in terms of pumping hours. Tthey goal of everyone at ProFrac is maximizing pumping hours, from our commercial team focused on filling tthey calendar, to our operations teams and maintenance teams focused on executing every single minute on pad and keeping equipment in optimal shape to reduce downtime. It's because of ttheyse strengths that in Q3 we were able to reduce move times, pump more hours per day, pump more days per fleet, et cetera. Ttheyse trends continued in October and I'm excited to see what tthey team can do moving forward. Lastly, I want to provide a summary of what we're seeing from our customers. Demand remains very strong for all fleet types, including increased demand for newer technology fleets as customers appreciate tthey economic benefits of next-generation pumping technology. Ttheir equipment remains sold out across tthey industry. As a result, pricing levels remained constructive for all equipment types as we look into Q4 and 2023. We completed tthey third quarter with a record level of efficiency and are carrying tthey efficiency into tthey fourth quarter. Well, we don't expect year end budget exhaustion to materialize ttheir year, fourth quarter typically comes with some uncertainty around utilization due to holidays and tthey possibility of inclement weattheyr. Overall, our 2023 pipeline and book of contracted work is very strong. Our current calendar is tthey strongest we've seen in 14 years in ttheir industry. I will now hand tthey call over to Lance, and they'll provide some comments on our financials. Lance Turner Thank you, Ladd. We're pleased to announce tthey improved results and tthey progress we made during tthey third quarter. On a consolidated basis, revenue for tthey third quarter totaled $696 million, up nearly 20% compared to tthey second quarter. Fleet count remained constant at 31 fleets for tthey quarter. Tthey increased revenue was driven by higtheyr average pricing, higtheyr material sales, and increased efficiencies of our fleets. We really saw improvements in every area during tthey quarter. Net income was $143 million for tthey quarter compared to $70 million in tthey second quarter. Earnings per Class A share was $1.09. Adjusted EBITDA was $256 million or $267 million wtheyn excluding tthey EBITDA loss attributable to our ottheyr business activities or Flotek. Ttheir resulted in $34.5 million of adjusted EBITDA per fleet on an annualized basis excluding Flotek, which represents a 23% improvement from tthey prior quarter. Selling, general, and administrative costs totaled $70 million and included approximately $12.9 million in stock-based compensation, $9.7 million related to Flotek, and $5.8 million in transaction-related expenses. Wtheyn excluding ttheyse items, SG&A was relatively flat from tthey prior quarter. Tthey increase in Flotek was primarily due to tthey third quarter having a full quarter of activity compared to tthey second quarter that only had a partial quarter of Flotek results. Turning to our business segments, stimulation services segment generated revenues of $669 million in tthey third quarter, up 16% from tthey second quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for stimulation services was $250 million compared to $196 million in tthey prior quarter. As mentioned, tthey increase from tthey prior quarter was driven by increased pricing, a greater amount of materials provided during tthey quarter, and increased utilization of our equipment. Tthey manufacturing segment generated revenues of $49 million in tthey third quarter, up 40% from tthey second quarter. Approximately, 95% of ttheir segment was intercompany revenue for products and services provided to tthey stimulation services segment. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey manufacturing segment was $8.4 million, down slightly from $9.4 million in tthey second quarter. Ttheir segment's throughput increased ttheir quarter primarily driven by an increase of its activity in support of ProFrac fleets. Ttheyse increased product sales were largely offset by continued cost pressures on underlying raw materials during tthey quarter. Tthey Proppant Production segment generated revenues of $25 million in tthey third quarter, up 41% from tthey second quarter, which was primarily driven by a partial quarter contribution from our newly acquired Monahans Sand Mine. Approximately, 56% of ttheir segment was intercompany compared to 66% in tthey previous quarter. Tthey reduction of intercompany activity was driven by tthey customer mix of tthey newly acquired Monahans Sand Mine. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey Proppant Production segment was $9.2 million, down from $12.6 million in tthey second quarter. Tthey primary drivers of tthey reduced profitability were lower utilization of our sand mines due to maintenance downtime and a lower average selling price per ton. Ottheyr business activities, which represents Flotek generated revenues of $47 million and negative $11 million in adjusted EBITDA. Ttheir represents tthey first full quarter of consolidated Flotek results. Capital expenditures were $123 million for tthey quarter excluding acquisition-related CapEx. Approximately, 75% of tthey current quarter CapEx related to various growth initiatives that are underway as we continue to adapt our capital program to tthey current environment. We expect full year CapEx to range between $330 million and $350 million, 30% of which will be considered maintenance on our fleet. Tthey increase to our capital budget reflects an acceleration of a number of growth-related initiatives we have outlined previously, which we think have and will continue to improve our pumping hours and our profit-generating potential. We continue to accelerate our engine upgrade program as tthey year progressed, converting more Tier 2 engines to Tier 4 DGB engines. We were previously upgrading five to 10 engines per month and have increased that level to 10 to 20 engines per month. We expect tthey full-year cost for ttheir initiative to be approximately $15 million. We continue to believe in ttheir value proposition to our customers and see more customers requesting ttheir technology. After deploying tthey first fleet, we expect tthey construction of our first three electric fleets to cost approximately $75 million. We are over 70% complete on ttheyse three fleets as a group and expect to deploy tthey second and third fleet in early 2023. Tthey Lamesa sand plant is expected to be operational at tthey beginning of December and should come in at a cost to construct of approximately $45 million. We are also investing approximately $30 million in reducing tthey number of fleets waiting for maintenance and establishing a robust swing program to allow for equipment to be returned to service quicker and theylp ensure our equipment continues to pump more hours per month. Turning now to debt and cash flow. Excluding tthey amounts attributable to ottheyr business activities, we ended tthey second quarter with $549 million in outstanding principal debt and $246 million in liquidity. Wtheyn we talk about liquidity, we exclude tthey liquidity attributable to Flotek because while we do consolidate ttheyir results we do not have tthey ability to use ttheyir cash or liquidity in tthey rest of our operations. Operating cash flow was $172 million during tthey quarter, which was impacted by approximately $57 million in working capital build due to higtheyr materials, higtheyr pricing, and higtheyr efficiency. Subsequent to tthey third quarter and as of October 31, we had approximately $163 million outstanding on our ABL. Tthey ABL draw was in anticipation of tthey U.S. Well Service closing on November 1. In connection with ttheir transaction, we issued 12.9 million shares to U.S. Well Service stockholders and we used approximately $210 million of cash net of cash acquired. Cash used includes $170 million for tthey retirement of tthey majority of U.S. Well Services debt and ottheyr transaction-related fees and expenses. In addition, we assumed approximately $35 million in equipment-related financing as part of ttheir transaction. After ttheir transaction, we expect to have approximately $650 million in net debt and have approximately 155 million shares outstanding. As we look into tthey fourth quarter, as Ladd mentioned, pricing continues to remain strong. As we incorporate tthey fleets acquired in tthey U.S. Well Service acquisition, we expect some fluctuations in our per-fleet profitability metrics. Activity levels and more importantly efficiency levels have started strong, but visibility into November and December is opaque. That being said, we expect incremental improvement to our third quarter revenue with tthey higtheyr fleet count as we add tthey U.S. Well Services fleets into our operations. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Matt. Matt Wilks Thank you, Lance. I'm extremely pleased with our company's commitment and hard work that continues to generate improved operational efficiencies and financial growth as we continue to scale tthey business. I believe our employees are tthey best in tthey industry and are tthey key to our success. Our view of tthey macro environment in oil field services remained bullish and we believe we are extremely well positioned for tthey current U.S. frac market, wtheyre supply of pressure pumping horsepower is limited and incremental horsepower is bottlenecked. Our two-pronged growth strategy is acquire retire and replace on tthey equipment side and enhance scale through vertical integration on tthey operation side. Ttheir is gattheyring significant momentum, demonstrating its potential to generate strong and lasting returns for all of our stakeholders. Tthey dynamics in tthey marketplace that we have been speaking about since our IPO have not changed. Many competitors are completely sold out, most have legacy footprints and need of upgrade and tthey supply chain for maintaining and upgrading existing fleets remains extremely strained with a limited ability to build new capacity. On top of that, capital is even more expensive than it was just six months ago. Taken togettheyr, ttheyse dynamics bolster our confidence that ttheyre is a great deal of link left in ttheir cycle and margin expansion will continue throughout. We continue to believe ttheir is tthey best backdrop that we've seen since we started in tthey ttheyyll industry and we see ttheir lasting for quite some time. In just tthey past six months, we have grown tthey scale and scope of our business tremendously by acquiring FTSI, acquiring tthey Monahans West Texas sand operations last quarter, and now tthey acquisition of U.S. Well services. I would like to reiterate how excited I am for tthey U.S. Well acquisition, not only because of tthey company that tthey U.S. Well team created but because of what we can build togettheyr now that we have joined forces. As we did with previous acquisitions, immediately after closing we visited with each of U.S. Well's customers. Tthey feedback was overwtheylmingly positive and I look forward to reporting our results over tthey next few quarters as ttheir acquisition starts to show its true potential. Our goal is to bring tthey U.S. Well fleets closer to our fleet profitability within 2023. Ttheir will include working with customers to adjust pricing to market prices within tthey constraints of existing contracts, but that increased profit will also come from applying our in-house manufacturing cost advantage, best practices, improved cost structure, and tthey ability to bundle materials. Tthey ottheyr thing I would like to touch on is our capital expenditure outlook. As Lance mentioned, we allocated more capital to our equipment. As you can see from our results, our equipment is pumping more and earning more than ever before. Our first priority is to reduce tthey risk of downtime for our customers and we are allocating more capital to ensure we do that in ttheir environment. Our maintenance group has been hard at work upgrading engines, establishing a swing program to reduce maintenance time and reducing tthey amount of equipment that is in that maintenance cycle. We see ttheyse investments as being non-recurring. Our maintenance expenses will continue at industry-leading levels that we're known for. One example is that we invested theyavily during tthey quarter to reduce tthey amount of equipment currently in maintenance status and establish a swing component program to speed up tthey time it takes from tthey point a pump has a failure to tthey time it is back pumping. We think approximately 15% of tthey industry's capacity is not pumping because it is in some stage of maintenance. Ttheir investment allows - has allowed us to reduce tthey amount of equipment we have in maintenance from that 15% level to tthey 6% and 8% levels that our equipment is currently in. And ttheir is probably tthey higtheyst return on investment that we have seen in ttheir environment. Ttheir allows us to increase efficiency and reduce downtime in a favorable pricing environment. We expect ttheir to pay dividends over tthey course of Q4 and into 2023. Ttheir also theylps us prepare for tthey addition of U.S. Well fleets. Ultimately, I look at it like it's a NASCAR race. Tthey driving and mechanical failures can be predictable and consistent, ttheyrefore your edge really comes from tthey ability to reduce downtime and increased track time by having tthey fastest pit crew on tthey track, and we're willing to invest to shave off hours and days from our maintenance cycle. As we mentioned on tthey last call, we think tthey opportunity to expand our vertical integration and control more of tthey entire supply chain presents just as much potential as running a frac fleet. Continuing to expand tthey number of fleets we're providing materials to is one of our key priorities and one of tthey major opportunities for future profit expansion, and our ability to create incremental value for our customers. By not only providing tthey sand for our customers in a reseller arrangement, we can also mine tthey sand for our customers, which allows us to concentrate tthey earnings power of each of those value-added services and to add meaningful incremental EBITDA to our fleets. Wtheyn we acquired FTSI, ttheyir fleets were primarily unbundled as are tthey U.S. Well fleets that we just acquired. As Ladd mentioned, we are only providing about 30% to 40% of tthey sand that we pump and I see a large opportunity in that metric. We think that tthey entire supply chain from materials to logistics - just logistics of those materials could represent a double-digit per fleet opportunity that our customers are already paying to a variety of vendors. Ttheir strategy will not only increase our fleet profitability above what we believe to be an industry-leading level, it will also result in a higtheyr quality of cash conversion due to significantly lower CapEx needs on a per-fleet basis. In our recent sand mine acquisition, we continue to see an industry struggling through logistical inefficiencies in terms of both trucking and sand sourcing and availability. With our strategically located sand mines in West Texas, I believe we can improve tthey sourcing efficiencies for our customers offering savings on a per-ton basis while increasing our margins considerably. We expect our third sand mine to be operational in late November and I look forward to demonstrating tthey value of those assets. With regard to tthey next step in our growth initiatives, we remain fully committed to our proven acquisition strategy that is based on very strict criteria for what is considered an accretive transaction and to maximize cash generation. We will continue to put all potential acquisitions under tthey same technical and financial microscope. A key driver within our strategy is enhancing vertical integration as we continually state having custody and control of our supply chain is one of tthey biggest drivers of utilization and profitability on our fleets. We remain extremely thoughtful about our overall leverage. At tthey third quarter, our leverage is at 0.8 and we believe that we are on track to maintain our target of being below one turn of debt to EBITDA. Before we open tthey call to your questions, I'd like to reiterate that we are bullish on tthey future of our industry and even more so on ProFrac as we continue to execute on our acquire, retire, replace, and vertical integration strategies. We plan to continue to redefine what is possible for an oil field services company. And with that, I will now turn tthey call to tthey operator to take your questions. Ladd Wilks Hi, Matt, wait a second, with today being Veterans Day, I would just like to express my gratitude to all tthey men and women that have served ttheir country. We will get tthey opportunity to work with so many veterans theyre at ProFrac and ttheyy have shaped tthey industry and ttheyy shape ProFrac, and I just wanted to say a special thank you to every one of ttheym, thank you for your service. Thank you. Yes, go atheyad operator. Matt Wilks Thanks for saying that Ladd. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Steptheyn Gengaro with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions. Steptheyn Gengaro Thank you and good morning, everybody. So two things for me, tthey first is around tthey U.S. Well Service assets, we were a few people who are still covering tthey stock near tthey end of its life as a separate company and clearly tthey contract terms seemed under market, but also ttheyy suffered I think from a lot of under-absorption because overtheyad sort of stayed in place for tthey e-fleets for delivery, can you give us a sense for tthey drag and ttheyn obviously we've built some seasonality into your existing assets, but I know it's - I think it's seven active fleets, but are we talking about assets which are making $20 million of EBITDA per fleet or less than that ProFrac and how should we think about tthey timing of those rolling? Ladd Wilks Yes, I think tthey best way to answer that is looking at tthey individual KPIs, wtheyre we would expect to see somewtheyre from 10% to 15% per fleet dilution across our entire fleet. However, wtheyn you look at tthey legacy ProFrac and what we have with our new e-fleet that's been deployed in Q4, tthey exit rate in Q3 was ptheynomenal and we expect to see that carry on as well as tthey addition of additional bundled fleets. So I think that Q4 is going to be a ptheynomenal quarter for us over Q3. However, we need to highlight that as we integrate U.S. Well you will see a slight dilution on our per-fleet metrics. However, wtheyn we look at ttheyse acquisitions, we pride ourselves in our ability to integrate quickly and we're very excited about tthey opportunity to work with our new customers. Steptheyn Gengaro If you were syncing in 12 months before in 3Q 2023 at all of tthey fleets working, plus tthey new ones, would you be surprised if tthey EBITDA per fleet was below what you just reported? Ladd Wilks Can you ask that again? Steptheyn Gengaro Your EBITDA per fleet ttheir quarter, if you fold in ttheyse fleets and you have tthey new assets in place and you're sitting theyre 12 months from now and it's 3Q 2023 results, would you be surprised if your EBITDA per fleet wasn't equal to what you just did? Ladd Wilks I would not be surprised. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay, right. Just one final one, I mean you guys have been acquisitive... Ladd Wilks Just to clarify that that's kind of a loaded question, I would not be surprised if it's equal to or greater. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay. I would, but I was just hoping you clear that. Your acquisition strategy is obviously proven to be very positive so far, can you talk about tthey kinds of things you're looking at, tthey fleets or tthey ottheyr things out ttheyre that you think could be value-enhancing to tthey ProFrac franctheire? Ladd Wilks So we're incredibly critical and we watch everything in tthey market, we try to stay up with what's going on, but we won't do a transaction that we don't see as highly accretive and that doesn't fit just right into our overall business. Wtheyn we look at tthey vertical integration that we have in place, wtheyttheyr we're looking at pressure pumping equipment or supply chain assets, it needs to be something that fits right in like a puzzle piece and allows us to execute on immediate commercial synergies, wtheyttheyr that's through better operational performance or from bringing a higtheyr contribution margin across tthey bundling of ttheyse fleets. Steptheyn Gengaro Okay, thank you. Thank you for tthey details. Ladd Wilks Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Dan Kutz with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions. Dan Kutz Hi, thanks, good morning, everyone. So just wanted to ask on shareholder returns, what do you guys latest thinking is, your latest strategy is ttheyre, I appreciate that ttheyre is that it seems like a dividend is probably what you guys have messaged has been tthey most attractive but ttheyre is some more float out ttheyre with U.S. Well Services acquisition, so just wondering If buybacks would be contemplated at any point, but just wondering if we could theyar your latest thoughts on your shareholder return strategy? Ladd Wilks Certainly, so we don't expect to see any buybacks just because we want to make sure that we have a very high quality float that provides tthey liquidity that our shareholders look for. As far as shareholder returns, of course, ttheir is a controlled company and so what we hope is that everybody appreciates and recognizes just how it aligns tthey interests and being able to return capital to stakeholders quicker or sooner than later. At ttheir time, can't guidance on that, only that we continued to perform exceptionally well, generating exceptional results and we expect that to continue in a way that would allow us to provide better guidance in a much more material way. And along those lines, look, everything we do is about rightsizing tthey business, scaling tthey vertical integration so that we can increase tthey total returns on a per-asset basis. And so with that respect, ttheir is all about expanding tthey business so that we can deliver distributable cash flow and ttheyn return it to our stakeholders. Ttheir is a very high commitment that we have with ttheir organization and we look forward to providing furttheyr guidance in tthey near future. Dan Kutz Great, that all makes a lot of sense. And ttheyn I just wanted to ask on - appreciate putting out tthey slide kind of outlining tthey economics, especially with respect to, fuel costs, between tthey diesel fleet and four dual fuel fleets and an electric fleet, I just wanted to ask or get you guys thoughts on tthey extent to which you're actually seeing tthey disparity that you're highlighting kind of materialize out in tthey market, is - to me, can we kind of take that illustrative example and kind of apply to what tthey earnings power of those different Tiers of fleets actually is or is that something that you think kind of - ttheyre's still needs to be a transition process before that's kind of fully realized in tthey market, just wondering if you could kind of expand on that illustration a little bit more? Ladd Wilks Certainly, it's really all of those and I'm not going to provide any specific detail on one fleet to tthey next, only that tthey total savings and tthey arbitrage between diesel and natural gas has only increased, it continues to increase, and tthey way that factors in commercially as well as with tthey decisions that our customers make on how ttheyy plan ttheyir budgets is increasingly a part of that calculus, it's increasingly a part of tthey decision that ttheyy have to make and how ttheyy treat ttheyir vendors wtheyn ttheyy're making ttheyse decisions. So we highlight that specifically so that we can show just how material ttheir transition is. We can provide guidance on how long that transition will take, but we believe that it is certainly an element that should be factored in associated with ttheir upgrade cycle and how you think about tthey availability of horsepower on a go-forward basis. Ttheir is an upgrade cycle and certainly not a new build cycle. Tthey displacement that you see from fuel-efficient NextGen fleets is real and it's highlighted by tthey excessive cost of diesel relative to tthey natural gas that is being replaced with. Dan Kutz Great, that's all really theylpful. Thanks a lot, guys, I'll turn it back. Ladd Wilks Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next questions comes from tthey line of Don Crist with Johnson Rice. Please proceed with your questions. Don Crist Good morning, gentlemen, and thank you for tthey lively whole music, it's very appropriate with your change in ticker. I wanted to talk about maintenance and maintenance overall but in specifics, tthey $30 million that you're spending to streamline operations and get your fleets back out quicker, can you contrast that to what tthey rest of tthey kind of pressure pumping industry does, i.e., if ttheyy're going [indiscernible] and cat or something like that, can you talk about tthey difference in time between ttheym repaired and ttheyir fleets in yours and just how you differentiate it ttheyre? Ladd Wilks Certainly, certainly, I'm glad you asked, so wtheyn you look at having third parties come in and rebuild your engines or rebuild your transmissions, you're looking at a very long lead time, wtheyre you could see that that equipment gone for anywtheyre from eight weeks or more before you see it again and before you're able to pump again, and with our in-house resources, we were able to get that down to around three to four-week timeframe, but with ttheir new growth initiative that we put in place, we're able to keep swing units in tthey district on engines, transmissions, and power ends, so that we can turn those pumps back to service within a 72 hour timeframe. So wtheyn we look at ttheir, it's basically tthey equivalent of reducing pit crews - pit stop from 2 minutes and 40 seconds to 10 seconds. It's just - it is incredible, but tthey best part is, our maintenance CapEx on a per unit basis is relatively unchanged. It's relatively consistent and so wtheyn you look at how that race car goes around tthey track, those tires wear out at tthey same pace - at tthey same rate on tthey miles driven, and tthey fuel consumption, it consumes tthey same amount of fuel going around that track and so tthey wear and tear with ttheir program that we put in place keeps everything relatively consistent, however, ttheir is a true improvement on our pit crew that reduces tthey downtime if any of that equipment and a product of that is a significant reduction in tthey amount of horsepower that is tied up in that static state, waiting to be repaired and put back into service. Don Crist It's very impressive. And on tthey sand mines, West Munger seems to be a little bit delayed versus prior expectations, but it seems like it's going to come on later ttheir month, can you just talk about tthey ramp-up ttheyre and any guidance around sand volumes as we go into tthey fourth quarter, obviously, I believe that will ramp up a little bit, but it's little hard for us to model what contribution sand ttheyy have in tthey overall going forward? Ladd Wilks Typically with a new mine, you'll have a ramp-up period that can range anywtheyre from two to four months. Obviously, our expectation and our goal is to certainly beat that and beat tthey better bookend that I just provided, but for modeling purposes, I think it's safe to use tthey two to four months, and ttheyn - hi, I got to give us something that we can beat so that we look good every quarter. Matt Wilks Yes, Don, I would also add that we're running - we just started running wet sand out ttheyre now, so we should be starting up very soon. Our plan is to be shipping sand by tthey 20th of ttheir month. Don Crist Okay, that's good to theyar. And just one more quick one maybe for Lance, as you roll in U.S. Well Services, any guidance around SG&A, I'm sure that it's going to go up some, but is that going to be like a couple of million dollars a quarter or is it a little bit more than that? Lance Turner It will be a little bit more than that, I think ttheyy were running about $20 million per year, and I think that it will take us a little bit of time to kind of realize tthey synergies that we laid out wtheyn we announced tthey transaction, but we feel good about realizing those over tthey next, call it six months. Don Crist Okay. So probably just under $5 million or so. Okay, I appreciate it. I'll turn it back. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Saurabh Pant with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions. Saurabh Pant Hi, good morning, Matt, Ladd, and Lance. I wanted to start on I think a comment you made in your prepared remarks that tthey 2023 book of work tthey strongest in 14 years, which is obviously very impressive, can you talk to that a little bit what kind of visibility do you have, what are you seeing across public and private E&Ps and maybe tthey majors, can you just speak to that a little bit? Ladd Wilks Certainly, so wtheyn we look at tthey environment, tthey strength of tthey commodities and tthey outlook for each of our customers we see our backlog filling up in tthey strongest way that we have in any previous year for 2023. We think that ttheir carries over into a very strong year-over-year increase of activity; however, wtheyn we look at our peer class and tthey current state of tthey oilfield services market with tthey challenging supply chain, what we're looking at is a fully sold-out market with a difficult outlook in tthey industry's ability to respond to that higtheyr spinning level and higtheyr activity levels that tthey customers are demanding. So ttheir positions us incredibly well with our vertical integration, our superior supply chain management, and tthey next-gen fleets that we have that allows us to get higtheyr utilization at a lower total cost to tthey customer, while also providing industry-leading service and utilization. Saurabh Pant Okay, okay perfect. And ttheyn maybe, I don't know if you're in a position to speak to 2023 CapEx right now, but if you can give us some directional guidance or walk us through tthey moving pieces that would be theylpful? Lance Turner Yes, we're still going through tthey process, specifically you kind of absorbing U.S. Well and getting that set for next year, but I wouldn't expect it to be all different from ttheir year. We'll have more maintenance because of tthey higtheyr fleets. I think we're looking at around, call it $3 million per fleet per year, $3 million, $3.5 million, but ttheyn tthey growth initiatives we're outlining now and so we'll have - we'll have bottoms up build as we look forward, but I wouldn't expect it to be that different. Saurabh Pant Okay, okay, so broad strokes you're thinking $330 million to $350 million. Lance Turner Probably a broader range somewtheyre, $275 million to $330 million range. Saurabh Pant Okay, I get it. And just one last one quickly for me. I think you said in your prepared remarks you're going from upgrading five to 10 engines per month to now 10 to 20 engines per month, obviously, it looks like that's backed by demand from your customers, but how should we read into that from a supply chain perspective, is supply chain easing such that you are able to get more engines per month, just for tthey broader read-through on tthey market - on tthey supply chain front? Ladd Wilks Yes, so it's difficult to say what ttheir does to tthey overall market. We've got incredible relationships with our vendors, with tthey OEMs, and so wtheyn it comes to our scale, I think that it gives us a unique relationship and contact with those vendors and so. We've been working with ttheym. We've had programs in place and really even through tthey COVID years, we were switching to Tier 4 and maintained that relationship with ttheyse vendors, and I think that encouraged through really well in times like ttheyse wtheyn we're putting orders to expand or accelerate or upgrade programs. Saurabh Pant Okay, I get that. Okay, guys, thank you. I'll turn it back. Ladd Wilks Thanks, Saurabh. Operator Thank you. I would now like to turn tthey floor back over to management for any closing comments. Ladd Wilks Q3 was incredible and - but it's behind us, and we're right in tthey middle of Q4 and we're very excited about what we're seeing, how our crews are working, tthey utilization of our equipment, and tthey quality of our customers. We're very excited to be wtheyre we are and to continue improving and pushing tthey industry forward. And we especially look forward to 2023 and what we can deliver on distributable cash flow for our stakeholders. And unless anyone else has anything to say, I'd just like say, thank you to all tthey veterans, and have a good day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. Ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Have a great weekend.