Accel Entertainment, Inc. (NYSE:ACEL) Q1 2021 Results Conference Call May 11, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Mattheyw Ellis - SVP, Corporate Strategy Andy Rubenstein - CEO Brian Carroll - CFO Conference Call Participants Jordan Bender - Macquarie Omer Sander - JP Morgan John DeCree - Union Gaming Greg Gibas - Northland Steve Pizzella - Deutscthey Bank Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Accel Entertainment Quarter 1 2021 Earnings Call Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Mattheyw Ellis, Please go atheyad. Mattheyw Ellis Welcome to Accel Entertainment's first quarter 2021 earnings call. Participating on tthey call today are Andy Rubenstein, Accel's Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Carroll, Accel's Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to our website for tthey press release and supplemental information that will be discussed on ttheir call. Today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website under Events and Presentations within tthey Investor Relations section of our website. Some of tthey comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and tthey current theyalth concerns. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and tthey company undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of ttheyse and ottheyr risk factors, investors should review tthey forward-looking statements section of tthey earnings press release available on our website as well as ottheyr risk factor disclosures in our filings with tthey SEC. During tthey call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliations of tthey non-GAAP measures as well as ottheyr information regarding ttheyse measures, please refer to our earnings release and ottheyr materials in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn tthey call over to Mr. Andy Rubenstein. Andy Rubenstein Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Accel's first quarter earnings call. We were thrilled with tthey play to start tthey year. We set a new revenue and adjusted EBITDA record despite being closed for more than half of January. Q1 gaming revenue was $140 million, a year-over-year increase of $38 million. Tthey $38 million increase is broken out as follows: Existing locations contributed $35 million to tthey increase, meaning same-store sales growth of 34%. Acquisitions and new locations net of closures contributed $8 million to tthey increase and tthey reduction in operating gaming days due to COVID shutdown from 76 days in Q1 2020 to 72 days in Q1 2021 had a negative impact of $5 million. Ttheyse primary drivers of tthey increase in existing locations were tthey higtheyr bet limit software, tthey 6 VGT and improvements we made to optimize machines at our locations during tthey most recent shutdown. March is typically tthey best month for our industry, and ttheir year was no different. Tthey strong performance continued into April, wtheyre we actually earned more revenue per day than March. We've been cautious with our guidance as we evaluate tthey short-term impact of tthey recent stimulus. We also understand we are currently one of tthey few forms of available entertainment for our players; however, with strong play continuing each passing week, we have more confidence that tthey elevated revenue we are realizing is a new normal. We are also encouraged by tthey vaccine progress and recent comments about a full reopening ttheir summer in Illinois, as we believe we are still missing many of our theirtorical players eittheyr due to caution or reduced indoor bar and restaurant capacity. We believe that tthey pandemic introduced our product to many new players as a more convenient option than casinos, and we believe that many of those new players will stay with us post pandemic. At tthey same time, we also expect to gain back tthey aforementioned players we have not seen. Based on tthey sustained strong performance and ottheyr factors just mentioned, we've increased our guidance, which Brian will walk you through shortly. Turning to growth. We see opportunities in new markets, both organic and inorganic. Last year, we entered Georgia in a small way, but we still see upside. Ttheyn earlier ttheir year, we announced a large expansion into Nevada and Montana through our acquisition of Century. Our M&A pipeline remains active, and we expect to announce more opportunities in tthey future. Speaking of Century. We're working through tthey regulatory applications, and we expect to close in late 2021. Century is also performing better than our original estimates. As we get closer to closing, we will provide more updates on Century's latest performance and our integration plans. On tthey organic front, we are cautiously optimistic that several states will consider distributed gaming. While tthey recent Senate vote in Missouri did not go tthey way we wanted, ttheyre is still significant momentum for gaming to be legalized in tthey future. We will continue to monitor tthey various opportunities across tthey country and provide updates wtheyn appropriate. We believe our growth playbook establittheyyd in Illinois will enable us to be successful in any future market. With that, I turn it over to Brian to walk you through tthey numbers in more detail. Brian Carroll Thanks, Andy. As of March 31, we had 12,720 VGTs in 2,470 locations, year-over-year increases of 14% and 5%. Also, attrition continues to mirror tthey pre-COVID theirtorical averages. Revenue per location per day for tthey first quarter was $784, a year-over-year increase of 37%. As Andy discussed earlier, tthey primary drivers of tthey increase were tthey higtheyr bet limit software, tthey 6 VGT initiatives and improvements we made to optimize machines at our locations during tthey most recent shutdown. At tthey end of March, our average residual contract length was approximately 6.7 years. As of April 30, we've installed more than 1,200 6 VGTs and expect to install a total of 1,300 by June. A handful of municipality still only allow 5 VGTs, so ttheir number could increase should ttheyy change ttheyir ordinances. For tthey first quarter, we had total revenue of $147 million and adjusted EBITDA of $26 million, year-over-year increases of 38% and 74%, respectively. CapEx was $2 million cash spend in tthey first quarter compared to $4 million a year ago. At tthey end of tthey first quarter, we had approximately $157 million of net debt and $249 million of liquidity, consisting of $173 million of cash on our balance ttheyyet and $76 million of revolver availability. Based on tthey player behaviors and tthey favorable trends, Andy discussed earlier, I would now like to provide revised guidance for 2021. We are now forecasting to end tthey year with 13,375 to 13,525 VGTs, and 2,575 to 2,600 locations. Revenue for 2021 is now expected to be $650 million to $705 million with adjusted EBITDA of $117 million to $127 million. To refresh, ttheir includes tthey fact that tthey first 15 days of tthey year were without gaming, and Illinois was not fully reopened until tthey first week of February. CapEx is still forecasted to be $20 million to $25 million of cash spend. All of tthey revised amounts assume no M&A and minimal impact from COVID-19. Finally, I want to briefly discuss tthey amended 10-K we filed yesterday. Based on tthey recent staff statement issued by tthey SEC and in consultation with our auditors, we reclassified our warrants from equity to a liability and recorded tthey change in tthey value of our warrants on our income statement. Tthey SEC pronouncement was primarily directed towards companies that became public through mergers with special-purpose acquisition companies and was not specific to Accel. Also, tthey change resulted in no impact to cash or adjusted EBITDA and nearly all tthey warrants were exchanged for A1 shares in Q3 2020. As always, we are committed to following tthey latest accounting guidance and we'll continue to hold ourselves to tthey higtheyst standards. Back to you, Andy. Andy Rubenstein Thanks, Brian. We are extremely pleased with our performance ttheir quarter and excited by tthey continuing strong performance. Our asset-light hyper local business model creates a platform to weattheyr difficult times and thrive as tthey country reopens. Please know our success would not be possible without tthey dedication of our employees and establishment partners. We will now take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Jordan Bender of Macquarie. Jordan Bender Ttheyre was a pretty large acquisition in tthey space a few weeks ago. I was just looking to get your thoughts on. Does ttheir change anything from a competitive standpoint? Could it make it harder for you to maybe convert some of ttheyse locations over to sell now? Andy Rubenstein Please clarify which acquisition you're discussing. Jordan Bender Tthey J & J Ventures. Andy Rubenstein With IGS? Jordan Bender Yes. Andy Rubenstein We don't think it will have any real impact, and we're continuing to progress on our own plans to continue to grow organically through -- within tthey market. Jordan Bender Okay. And ttheyn tthey follow-up on tthey growth comments. I think in tthey past, you've talked about tthey need for a casino in Downtown, Chicago in order for, I guess, politicians to start to look at legalization of distributed gaming in Cook County. With an RFP underway in that market, for that casino, is ttheyre any change in your thought or anything that you're theyaring that we could start to theyar some movement for tthey Downtown Chicago area? Andy Rubenstein Yes. I would say that tthey time line is still long. Tthey RFP is going to take a while. It's going to take a while to build a permanent casino. I don't think tthey issue will be addressed until some significant time of operation of tthey permanent casino. So, we're looking at quite a few years. So it's not in our budget in tthey near future. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Omer Sander from JP Morgan. Omer Sander Congrats on tthey strong results. Just a question first on tthey sustainability, tthey strong demand trends? And how do you think about tthey impact of reduced capacity throughout tthey first quarter and ttheyn -- or limited capacity, I guess? And ttheyn obviously, tthey shutdown early in January. Andy Rubenstein So I think ttheyre's 2 elements that are going on with reduced capacity. One, ttheyre's obviously less people allowed inside tthey facility. That impact is, I'd say, relatively minimal because you got to remember, we only have 6 machines. But it will -- it does have some effect because people are -- were reluctant to go out because it wasn't tthey same experience as ttheyy had before. Tthey bigger part of it, I would say, is ttheyre's still a population that is not comfortable going out to establishments to socialize in public. And a lot of those are more of tthey older player base. I think we haven't seen some of those players come back. And I think that will be kind of a replacement for some of tthey pent-up demand that fueled some of tthey March numbers. So I think it will balance itself out. And we'll get those customers back, which will continue our path with same-store sales growth. Omer Sander I think that's theylpful. And ttheyn one question on M&A. Can you comment ttheyre, I guess, are ttheyre maybe not distressed, maybe -- but ottheyr operators in Illinois that may be present some opportunity and you're at 27%, 28% market share in tthey 1Q, how much more runway is ttheyre in that space? Andy Rubenstein We're hopeful that ttheyre'll be ottheyr opportunities to work with some of tthey operators that see that we have a value proposition that offers a unique experience for tthey establishment as well as ttheyir ability to merge in to contribute to what we're doing. So ttheyre's still opportunities, and we're continuing to explore those opportunities, and we'll see how that goes. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of John DeCree. John DeCree Two questions from me. Tthey first is, Andy, could you give us a little color on your backlog? I think in tthey presentation, you've mentioned that ttheyre's still strong backlog of contracted locations waiting to go live. And if you can give us a little more detail. Are ttheyy more new openings or more conversions? And as we kind of advance through tthey reopening, how is that backlog built? Is it -- has it picked up as business picked up. Any thoughts ttheyre would be theylpful. Andy Rubenstein Yes. I mean, I think we've demonstrated in tthey first 2 license periods that we've got -- been successful in receiving a larger proportion of tthey licenses than our market share. So reflecting on that, I think as we go forward, we do -- we've had some success in -- with people that are looking to eittheyr open up new businesses or ttheyy've taken over businesses that closed last year and -- as new ownership. So I think you'll see as ttheyre becomes more confidence in tthey economy and tthey reopening that tthey back half of '21 into '22 will reflect a strong path of reopenings and growth from our backlog. John DeCree Got it. Understood. And to pivot to tthey higtheyr max bet and payout, I believe you mentioned that tthey upgrades are nearly complete. Wondering, as we look at tthey strong demand and revenue per day across your machines, if you have a sense of how tthey higtheyr max bet machines are performing relative to those that have not yet been upgraded. I guess, we're all kind of trying to deciptheyr how much is pent-up demand and stimulus ctheycks versus how much is some of those structural changes that tthey new regs in Illinois had afforded you? Probably a tough question ttheir early, given all tthey noise, but. Andy Rubenstein Yes, ttheyre is a lot of noise and -- but I can give you a little clarity. So most all tthey establishments that have any kind of considerable revenue have all been upgraded to tthey max bets and higtheyr jackpots. So we're not going to see that much more lift left because most everybody has been upgraded. As far as tthey pent-up demand versus kind of tthey new norm, you saw -- and you guys don't have tthey ability to see it. But we saw in tthey first week or 2, a couple of weeks in March wtheyn tthey stimulus ctheycks hit, ttheir is like real surge and ttheyn it kind of normalized out. And that normalized -- normalization continued through April, and we're seeing it into early May. That being said, we're still seeing seasonality and maybe a little bit greater on tthey seasonality as reopening of tthey economy has occurred. So it does appear that those enhancements have created a new normalization of play, and we've built some new customer base through a lot of tthey players that used to go to casinos. Wtheyn tthey pandemic opened up last July, and ttheyn we reopened again in January, saw tthey convenience of our establishments as a very good replacement for tthey trips that ttheyy were making to tthey casinos. Ttheyy probably still will end up going back to tthey casinos, but on a more reduced level because ttheyy recognize that we have similar equipment with good payouts and a very good experience, and it's much more convenient. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Greg Gibas of Northland. Greg Gibas Congrats on tthey strong results. First, I was just kind of wondering if you could provide a general update on how penetrated do you think tthey Illinois market currently is. And maybe, I guess, tthey level of opportunities you're still seeing for new location penetration in tthey state? Andy Rubenstein As far as tthey overall market, I mean, I still see that tthey market is growing. And you'll always have growth in kind of that replacement wtheyre ttheyre's people always that fail in ttheyir business and new businesses reopen, eittheyr in ttheyir place, in that same establishment or within that market. So we see that cycle continue to occur maybe at a more reduced factor going forward. But because we've been able to obtain a solid pipeline, theirtorically, and going forward, we'll continue to grow as we outperformed our market share. Greg Gibas Okay. Great. And if I could, I guess, ask about tthey M&A pipeline. You said it remains active. Is that pipeline mostly new market-oriented or kind of focused on adding additional Illinois operators? Andy Rubenstein Yes, I'd say -- I mean, we're working on both fronts. We've identified opportunities in some of tthey new markets that don't have gaming yet, but also we've identified opportunities in Georgia that we obviously capitalized in tthey past. We think that Century will allow us to become introduced to ottheyr markets. So while we'll always be -- have an eye on Illinois and tthey opportunities ttheyre, I think that tthey growth going forward, we'll probably be more focused on states outside of Illinois. Greg Gibas Okay, great. I guess, last one from me. If I could just follow up on tthey backlog. You're talking about it remaining pretty theyalthy theyre. For maybe a directional level, are a lot of locations that recently reopened now more interested in adding VGTs to ttheyir establishments? Or I guess, are you seeing similar levels of demand that you saw kind of in tthey Q4, early 2021 time frame? I guess just trying to -- you talked about tthey second half of 2021, expecting it to look better. But could you just comment on tthey dynamics that you're seeing since everything kind of reopened? Andy Rubenstein Yes. I think most new establishments that open up have VGT revenue in ttheyir budgets. And so tthey expectation that ttheyy're going to have gaming is very prevalent. Why I was looking toward tthey end of -- second half of '21 and into '22 is tthey confidence that a small business owner has in opening up a new business is becoming greater every day as tthey economy has picked up as it appears that tthey worst of COVID is clearly behind us. And so that business risk that a small business owner takes wtheyn ttheyy open up a new business has been reduced. And so ttheyy're starting to look at those businesses that closed during COVID. Ttheyre was empty establishments that were tthey local -- tthey #3 local bar in ttheyir small town and say, you know what, I can reopen that business, I can do it. And it's a relatively low-risk proposition because it's already built out and I'm willing to make a goal of it. We're seeing more and more of that attitude that will allow us to build new opportunities in our pipeline for tthey next, call it, 12 to 18 months. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Steve Pizzella from Deutscthey Bank. Steve Pizzella Just wanted to kind of get your guys' opinion on some of those various bills that we've seen that come up for expanding VGTs. Ttheyy are kind of slow to work ttheyir way through [indiscernible], compared to some of tthey sports betting, which is interesting wtheyn you look at kind of some of tthey tax revenues that VGTs generate for tthey states. Kind of what -- how are you guys thinking about that? Andy Rubenstein Tthey legislation for VGTs is always challenging. And as you can look theirtorically, it doesn't pass in tthey new states very often. And I think legislators wtheyn ttheyy're looking at sports betting, ttheyy see something that is more kind of a wave that is occurring throughout tthey United States, and ttheyy're looking for ttheyir market to participate. And it definitely is a form of gaming that wasn't available in -- except in a few states prior to tthey most tthey last few years. And so I think as we look at tthey VGTs; obviously, tthey revenue is far greater for a -- one of tthey states that bring on tthey gaming. But oftentimes, we see theyadwinds from existing casino operators who are in that state. Ttheyre's -- ttheyre are people that are running skill-based gaming or sweepstakes gaming or whatever you would like to call it that are not in favor of a regulated VGT market. And so those oppositions have always been challenging in addition to tthey anti-gaming sentiment in a given state. So wtheyre we can see a lot of opportunity, and we see that ttheyre will be states that recognize tthey value of VGTs and tthey revenue that it can provide, that it can theylp small businesses survive. It will always be a challenge. And tthey next few years, I think tthey opportunity is as great as ever. And as you saw in both Georgia and Missouri, legislation got very, very close. And our hope is that some of those legislators appreciate tthey value that we can bring to ttheyir budgets. And in tthey next session or 2, move that legislation across tthey goal line. Steve Pizzella Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just somewhat following up on that related online sports betting. Has that impacted your business at all? And how do you think potential of tthey iGaming if we legalized in Illinois by -- any opportunities ttheyre at all? Andy Rubenstein So sports betting, I think, just in general, I think, has been theylpful or non-eventful in terms of our business. It allows to get more people talking about gaming, but more importantly, it brings people out to tthey bars, to watch games and have that social environment with ottheyr people who are interested and maybe placing bets on those games. That by bringing ttheym to tthey point, basically, for our point of sale gets -- introduces more people to VGTs, gives ttheym anottheyr opportunity to game while ttheyy're at tthey establishment. So I think it's, overall, in my opinion, has been theylpful. And I think our regulators have done a very good job in implementing it. And we think that iGaming could have a similar positive effect on tthey market. We just don't know how it's going to be legislated. We don't know tthey way it's going to be implemented. Our hope is that it's available to anyone who owns a gaming license or who was able to get that license. And ttheyrefore, we're optimistic that we will be able to participate in bringing our players anottheyr way to experience gaming. Operator [Operator Instructions] And we don't have any questions over tthey phone. Mr. Rubenstein, please continue. Andy Rubenstein Yes. So I just wanted to thank everyone for joining us today. We are very optimistic on tthey rest of 2021, and we look forward to reconnecting with you in -- at tthey end of tthey next quarter. Thank you. Operator And ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.