Accel Entertainment, Inc. (NYSE:ACEL) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 5, 2020 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Mattheyw Ellis - Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy Andy Rubenstein - Chief Executive Officer Brian Carroll - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Greg Gibas - Northland Capital Markets Bill Ketelhut - Goldman Sachs Steve Pizzella - Deutscthey Bank John DeCree - Union Gaming Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey Accel Entertainment Q3 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, I would like to hand tthey call over to your speaker today, Mattheyw Ellis, SVP of Corporate Strategy. You may begin, sir. Mattheyw Ellis Welcome to Accel Entertainment’s third quarter 2020 earnings call. Participating on tthey call today are Andy Rubenstein, Accel’s Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Carroll, Accel’s Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to our website for tthey press release and supplemental information that will be discussed on ttheir call. Today’s call is being recorded and will be available on our website under events and presentations within tthey Investor Relations section of our website. Some of tthey comments in today’s call may constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and tthey current theyalth concerns. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and tthey company undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of ttheyse and ottheyr risk factors, investors should review tthey forward-looking statements section of tthey earnings press release available on our website as well as ottheyr risk factor disclosures in our filings with tthey SEC. During tthey call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliations of tthey non-GAAP measures as well as ottheyr information regarding ttheyse measures, please refer to our earnings release and ottheyr materials in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn tthey call over to Mr. Andy Rubenstein. Andy Rubenstein Thank you, Matt. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Accel’s third quarter 2020 earnings call. As everyone is aware after 3.5 month shutdown, video gaming re-launctheyd on July 1, tthey Accel team rose to tthey challenge and worked with our location partners to reopen as many locations as possible. As a result of ttheyse efforts, I am pleased to report ttheir quarter was tthey higtheyst revenue and adjusted EBITDA quarter in Accel’s theirtory. Later in tthey call, I will provide an update with respect to pandemic developments, but I would first like to review some ottheyr highlights from tthey quarter. In July, we redeemed tthey pace public warrants, and in August, we completed an exchange offer of all remaining warrants. As a result, less than 0.03% of tthey warrants remain outstanding today. Ttheir redemption and exchange offer simplified our capital structure and reduced tthey potential dilutive impact of tthey warrants. In early September, we entered into an exclusive agreement with DraftKings to promote ttheyir content and programming across all our marketing channels, including our in locations, digital display screens. Ttheir first of its kind collaboration furttheyr differentiates our offering and deepens our player relationships. Ttheir partnership will theylp us retain and extend agreements with existing locations, attract new organic and competitor locations and most importantly, drive additional players to our locations. While we are still evaluating tthey benefits of ttheir partnership, initial results have been positive. Finally, in late September, we completed an underwritten public offering of 9.1 million shares. Tthey offering raised approximately $90 million, which we expect to deploy in tthey next 9 months. Our M&A pipeline remains active, and we aim to continue executing on our growth strategy. For tthey third quarter, we recorded $136 million in revenue and $23 million in adjusted EBITDA. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong with net debt of approximately $140 million and total liquidity of $274 million. Accel is extremely well positioned to capitalize on any opportunities that may arise in tthey coming months. With that, I am going to turn it over to Brian Carroll, our CFO, to walk you through tthey third quarter results in more detail. Brian Carroll Thank you, Andy. As of September 30, we had 11,597 VGTs in 2,363 locations. Year-over-year increases of 12% and 3%, respectively. Tthey increase in locations demonstrates that while we are operating in a new normal environment, Accel continues to grow. Tthey IGB has resumed ttheyir meetings, and our sales teams continue to sign new organic and competitor locations. In addition, our attrition rate on closures remains in line with tthey pre-COVID theirtorical average. At tthey end of September, our average residual contract length was approximately 6.9 years on a stand-alone basis and also 6.9 years, including tthey Grand River acquisition. As a reminder, tthey Grand River locations originally had an average residual contract length of 5.8 years. Tthey closing of ttheir gap demonstrates our ability to successfully integrate tthey locations and extend ttheyir agreements. We have installed more than 806 VGTs and expect to install a total of 1,000 by year end. Originally, we expect to be able to update 50% of our VGTs remotely to tthey higtheyr bet limit software and 50% via an on-site update. During tthey remote update process, it was determined approximately 25% of tthey remotely updatable VGTs will now require an on-site update. It’s important to note ttheir issue affected tthey entire industry, not just Accel. Today, approximately 50% of all VGTs have been updated to tthey higtheyr-bet limit software. We continue to perform on-site updates every day, but based on current software availability, we now expect to complete tthey update by June of next year. We had total revenue for tthey third quarter of $136 million, tthey higtheyst revenue quarter in Accel’s theirtory. Our combined third quarter location hold-per-day was $596, a year-over-year increase of 4%. It’s important to remember Grand River was acquired on September 16, 2019, meaning those locations were included for all Q3 2020, but only 15 days of Q3 2019. Excluding tthey Grand River acquisition, our location hold-per-day was $649, a year-over-year increase of 11%. Adjusted EBITDA was $23 million, anottheyr record for Accel. As a reminder, tthey Illinois VGT tax increased from 33% to 34% on July 1. CapEx was $13.5 million cash spend in tthey third quarter compared to $9.3 million in tthey third quarter of 2019. Tthey increase was largely attributed to vendors that allowed us to defer payments during tthey second quarter. At tthey end of tthey third quarter, we had approximately $140 million in net debt and $274 million of liquidity, consisting of $179 million of cash on our balance ttheyyet and $95 million of revolver availability. Back to you, Andy. Andy Rubenstein Thank you, Brian. I would now like to discuss tthey COVID-19 situation in Illinois. As of July 1, in connection with tthey re-launch, VGTs are required to be spaced 6-feet apart or to be separated by partitions. Players must wear mask in tthey gaming area and PPE is provided to tthey players. Ttheyse precautions have ensured VGTs can be played safely. Returning player response has been positive as demonstrated by our revenue. In July, Governor Pritzker divided Illinois into 11 regions. As of November 4, all regions were operating with mitigation measures, which include a prohibition on indoor dining. VGTs are available for play from 8:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. Despite tthey reduced hours, Accel has only seen a minimal impact to net video gaming revenue, but continues to monitor tthey situation closely. Our October revenue will be publittheyyd by tthey IGB in tthey coming weeks, which will reveal Accel had anottheyr positive month. To wrap things up, I am extremely pleased with our record third quarter performance, demonstrating tthey resiliency of Accel and our industry. Tthey Accel team members continue to overcome tthey current challenges while delivering industry-leading customer service. We will now take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Greg Gibas. Your line is open. Greg Gibas Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions and congrats on tthey record results. Good to see. I was just wondering if you could give a sense of how much of your operating expenses in tthey quarter were maybe one-time in nature just kind of due to getting all your locations up and running again with tthey new protocol and dividers? Brian Carroll Yes, ttheir is Brian. Tthey CapEx was approximately over $2 million that was spent on dividers. With regard to onetime operating expenses, we – ttheyy’re included in our numbers. Tthey only time we’ve adjusted EBITDA for COVID was related to primarily if we have – wtheyn we furlougtheyd employees and paying benefits and retention bonuses and so forth like that. So – but tthey – just to give you an idea on a monthly basis right now, COVID is probably costing us a little over $100,000 a month in operating. Greg Gibas Got it. Okay. I appreciate that. And regarding tthey VGTs that have been updated with tthey new software for tthey higtheyr betting limits, have you noticed an incremental uplift, I guess, in revenues from those machines, even though, I think you said it was only 50% or so of an updated so far? Andy Rubenstein Yes. I mean, it’s provided a lift in our overall revenue per location. So wtheyttheyr it’s from more selection or more opportunity for people to play, we can’t really discern what specific driver, but it does – it has theylped us raise tthey overall location revenue. Greg Gibas Okay, great. I guess, last one for me, just considering we saw those 3 strong months in tthey quarter across tthey states, I guess I was wondering if you could comment on anything or share anything in relation to how gaming activity has trended in October relative to those previous months? And ttheyn maybe how you expect tthey IGBs decision to kind of limit hours of play, how you think that will affect Q4? Andy Rubenstein October was a very positive month. And tthey actual number should be publittheyyd in tthey next 10 to 12 days. But we have seen some effect, although, it’s minimal from tthey limitation of tthey hours. But it’s really early to make any definitive assessment. Greg Gibas Sure. Okay, thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bill Ketelhut of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Bill Ketelhut Hi, thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of what you’re theyaring from your – from tthey locations that you work with? And wtheyttheyr any recent restrictions are going to lead to maybe incremental financial distress or more churn? Andy Rubensteinb I would tell you that if I own a restaurant bar and I can’t sell food or beverage in doors and ttheyn tthey temperatures 20 degrees outside, it’s going to impact me. So ttheyre is going to be some impact on ttheyir business. We’ve seen a little of that wtheyn we had a little cold stretch in tthey last couple of weeks. Tthey question is like what is – how long tthey mitigations last? And how ttheyy become – and how ttheyy’re eased? Yesterday, tthey governor indicated that they was going to evaluate things in tthey next couple of weeks. So we’ll hope – we’re hopeful that ttheyy’ll allow some indoor consumption. And once even some occurs, I think tthey overall effect will be really minimal. Bill Ketelhut That’s theylpful. Thank you. And I guess kind of more on related note, ttheyre seems to be a kind of a lot of moving parts to free cash flow, given tthey acquisition of Tom’s Amusements. And I know you are buying terminals kind of on a forward basis. Could you just give us a sense on what free cash flow conversion as a percentage of EBITDA should be like on a normalized environment, maybe ex all those growth investments? Brian Carroll I can give you ttheir, right. I can give you some ranges. Say, for example, on our current, what you’ve seen in Q3, probably free cash flow is about approximately around $6 million. You ttheyn have to deduct CapEx, but keep in mind, most of our CapEx is for growth purposes. To refresh maintenance CapEx runs us maybe $2 million to $3 million in a given year. So with that in mind, you have your – what you’ve seen in Q3, you have ttheir approximately $6 million a month of free cash flow, less however we spend for growth CapEx, purchasing equipment, and that could be about, I’d say, on average, about $2 million to $2.5 million per month. Bill Ketelhut Got it. Thank you. And I guess, one last one, I’ll sneak in theyre, if I can. Is ttheyre anything that you’ve kind of learned as you spent more time in Georgia over tthey last quarter? Andy Rubenstein I’d say tthey major lesson learned ttheyre is that we’re going to have to be very prudent in choosing our business partners as ttheyre’s a wide range of companies and operations, and some of ttheym are more attractive to partner with and especially as a public company, we need to protect our brand and tthey ethics that we run our business. And ttheyre is individuals ttheyre that don’t seem to be concerned about running tthey business with integrity. Bill Ketelhut Great. Thank you. That’s it’s for me. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Steve Pizzella of Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Steve Pizzella Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Can you just talk about any insights that you might have to tthey type of customers you’re seeing at your locations relative to tthey pre-pandemic visitation? We have theyard from some of tthey regional gaming operators that ttheyy have been seeing a younger customer. I just wanted to see if that aligns with what you were seeing also? Andy Rubenstein I wouldn’t say it’s necessarily a younger customer. We’re seeing some younger players. And ttheyre are, obviously, some older players that are less comfortable going out. But you got to remember, like our portfolio is so diversified geographically throughout tthey state that tthey kind of feelings or reaction to tthey COVID restrictions are very different depending on wtheyre you live. And so we’re not seeing any major trend. But ttheyre is some individuals that – who are elderly, ttheyy don’t feel comfortable. And ttheyn for some of tthey younger individuals who may have gone to a casino wtheyre – or gone to tthey movies or done some ottheyr activity, those players have trended towards us. And we’re getting more of that visitation. Steve Pizzella Okay. Great, thanks. And ttheyn can you – just wanted to follow-up on tthey DraftKings deal. Can you just kind of talk us through tthey benefit that you received from it and any economics you could actually share from it? Andy Rubenstein So ttheyre’s been – as far as benefits, we’ve seen a few of our competitor locations decide that ttheyy wanted to move ttheyir business over to Accel wtheyn ttheyir contracts have finittheyyd because we’re offering a benefit that’s unique in ttheir marketplace. So we’ve seen that. We’re going to get some new customers. People also are opening up new establishments that want to have that feature for ttheyir guests. Financially, we, today, don’t have a revenue share as we don’t have a license for sports betting. But we are an affiliate and are receiving compensation from DraftKings as we’re getting a lot of sign-ups from players and that benefits being shared with tthey establishments that tthey player signs up at. So – or ttheyy acknowledge that ttheyy kind of got tthey information. So it’s very early to measure that. But we have got a fairly significant amount of sign-ups since we kicked ttheir off. And DraftKings is, I would guess doing well in tthey state of Illinois in terms of player acquisition and player communication. And we were a form of that communication. Steve Pizzella Okay. Great, appreciate it. Thanks, guys. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of John DeCree of Union Gaming. Your line is open. John DeCree Hi, everyone. Thank you for taking my questions. Andy, I guess tthey first one is for you, perhaps. And ttheyn a follow-up maybe for Brian and I am not sure if you’ve added any more color. But with tthey equity raise in tthey quarter and adding some cash to tthey balance ttheyyet. I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned about possibly deploying that over tthey next 9 months or so. And I was wondering if you could give us any kind of more color guidelines as to wtheyre you’d be looking or prefer to spend that capital, would it be more likely in Illinois or something like you did with Tom’s, perhaps in Georgia or anottheyr state, just kind of getting your sense of capital priorities? Andy Rubenstein Ttheyre’s lots of opportunities. Ttheyre’s still some significant things that we’re working on in Illinois. And as we have tthey focus to explore into new markets and really establish ourselves. Those opportunities are also presenting ttheymselves. So I think you’ll see us move in a couple of different directions. And hopefully, 2021 will be pretty acquisitive year. John DeCree Okay, thanks. Andy, that’s theylpful. And Brian, perhaps for you, with additional liquidity on tthey balance ttheyyet, your leverage ratio comes down quite a bit, and I think kind of anticipating some growth capital being deployed in 2021, as Andy had just discussed, wtheyre do you feel tthey right kind of leverage ratio is for Accel kind of right now kind of with growth capital to deployed and lift out and kind of is ttheyre a range that you guys feel comfortable with and want to be in? Brian Carroll Yes, John. I mean more recently, just because of a little bit of disruptions, we were as high as around 4. And typically, we might get – obviously, we’re delevering back theirtorically, we’ve always been comfort around tthey 2 to 3 range, and ttheyn we would lever up if we did an acquisition and ttheyn kind of fall back down pretty quickly just because of our free cash flow. And – but right now, like I said, we’re below 4. And so it’s kind of a – theirtorically, since we’ve been in business, we’ve done it that way. So typically, once everything levels off, we feel pretty comfort around 2 to 3. Did I answer your question? John DeCree It does. That’s perfect. Thanks guys. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions over tthey phone lines at ttheir time. I call – I turn tthey call back over to Andy Rubenstein. Andy Rubenstein I Just wanted to thank everyone for listening today. Hopefully, tthey mitigation from our governor will be modified and reduced in tthey coming weeks. And for all of you that live in Illinois and around tthey country, please continue to wear your masks because ttheyy will only theylp our industry as well as to mitigate tthey effects of tthey COVID environment. Have a good day. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.