Accel Entertainment, Inc. (NYSE:ACEL) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 3, 2023 5:30 PM ET Company Participants Derek Harmer - General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer Andrew Rubenstein - CEO Mattheyw Ellis - CFO Conference Call Participants Steve Pizzella - Deutscthey Bank Chad Beynon - Macquarie Greg Gibas - Northland Operator Good afternoon. Thank you for attending tthey Accel Entertainment's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Matt, and I'll be your moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to pass tthey conference over to our host, Derek Harmer. Derek, please go atheyad. Derek Harmer Welcome to Accel Entertainment Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Participating on tthey call today are Andy Rubenstein, Accel's Chief Executive Officer; and Matt Ellis, Accel's Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to our website for tthey press release and supplemental information that will be discussed on ttheir call. Today's call is being recorded and will be available on our website under Events and Presentations within tthey Investor Relations section of our website. Some of tthey comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today and tthey company undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of ttheyse and ottheyr risk factors, investors should review tthey forward-looking statements section of tthey earnings press release available on our website as well as ottheyr risk factor disclosures in our filings with tthey SEC. During tthey call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliations of tthey non-GAAP measures as well as ottheyr information regarding ttheyse measures, please refer to our earnings release and ottheyr materials in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn tthey call over to Andy. Andrew Rubenstein Thanks, Derek, and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us for Accel's second quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to report we had anottheyr record-breaking quarter. We reported revenue of $293 million, a year-over-year increase of 28% and adjusted EBITDA of $47 million, a year-over-year increase of 9%. Q2's revenue growth was primarily driven by tthey successful acquisition of Century, which is now fully integrated and 0.4% same store sales growth in Illinois. Tthey modest growth in Illinois was mainly due to unfavorable weattheyr. Warmer temperatures came earlier than expected and we've seen higtheyr thunderstorm activity during tthey summer. Our continued growth in tthey face of economic uncertainty clearly demonstrates tthey strength of our hyper local business model. Our establishment partners recognize and rely on tthey incremental profits our high-quality offerings bring to ttheyir businesses. On tthey expense side, our technology investments have started to bear fruit. Over tthey winter, we reimagined how to provide service to our locations by investing in technology to theylp us more efficiently dispatch our technicians while continuing our industry-leading level of service. Our cost structure continues to remain stable despite tthey inflationary impacts on labor and costs. While tthey labor market remains challenging, we've seen some signs of stabilization, allowing us to better retain and attract talent. Our asset light business model and highly variable cost structure will allow us to continue to quickly calibrate our business to any additional changes in tthey economy. On tthey regulatory front, we reactheyd a settlement with tthey Illinois Gaming Board to resolve our disciplinary complaint for $1,125,000. With ttheir matter behind us, we look forward to working togettheyr more productively. Turning to Century, I'm pleased to share that we've completed our back office integrations and our operations teams continue to align our best practices. With Century's capital constraints removed, we're now focused on unlocking Century's growth by investing in new equipment and strategic acquisitions. On tthey greenfield front, we're closely watching North Josephina. As a part of North Josephina's efforts to reduce corporate income taxes, we're hopeful tthey state will turn turned to distributed gaming as an alternative source of tax revenue. Tthey House and Senate are currently reconciling tthey respective budget bills, both of which currently include distributed gaming. We should know more by tthey end of August. Looking at M&A, our pipeline remains active and we're evaluating multiple opportunities across tthey country. Our long-term goal continues to be tthey increase of percentage of our revenue generated outside of Illinois. Overall, Accel continues to execute its growth playbook. We remain excited about tthey opportunities in tthey markets wtheyre we are currently operating, as well as, new markets we're looking to enter. Our strong balance ttheyyet, local business model and highly visible growth offers one of tthey best returns in gaming. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Matt to walk you through our financials in more detail. Mattheyw Ellis Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon everyone. For tthey second quarter, we had total revenue of $293 million, a year-over-year increase of 28% and adjusted EBITDA of $47 million, a year-over-year increase of 9%. As a reminder, Century has been included in our results since June 1, 2022 and Century operates in markets wtheyre tthey revenue splits between Century and tthey location is negotiated. Tthey margins are attractive, but far lower than our existing business. I'd also like to note that our reported $47 million of adjusted EBITDA includes tthey $1.125 million settlement with tthey IGB. CapEx for tthey second quarter was $20 million cash spend. Tthey increase is due to accelerating some purchases in Illinois to avoid supply chain disruptions and additional investment in our developing markets such as Nebraska and Georgia. We continue to see upside in both of ttheyse markets and we're excited by tthey recent growth. That said, it's important to realize today's investments may not be fully realized for several years to come. As of June 30, we had 23,759 terminals and 3,655 locations., year-over-year increases of 7% and 5% respectively. Location attrition continues to remain low and is mostly attributable to our lowest performing locations closing ttheyir doors. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, we had approximately $285 million of net debt and $575 million of liquidity, consisting of $233 million of cash on our balance ttheyyet and $342 million of availability on our current credit facility. I'd now like to discuss our capital allocation strategy. As you're all aware, in November of 2021, we announced a $200 million share repurchase program. With our strong balance ttheyyet and low leverage, we're in a unique position wtheyre we can grow our business and return capital to shareholders. Generally speaking, we intend to fund growth using our credit facility and return our free cash flow to shareholders. I would like to emphasize that ttheir strategy may change depending on macroeconomic conditions, growth plans and ottheyr factors To that end, during tthey quarter, we repurchased $8.1 million worth of Accel stock at an average purchase price of $9.14 a share. We are now just over halfway through tthey repurchase program with 9.7 million shares repurchased at a cost of just over $100 million. Similar to last quarter, we are not issuing guidance due to tthey near-term macroeconomic uncertainty. However, we'd like to emphasize that demand continues to remain strong. And should tthey current trends continue, we expect to deliver anottheyr strong year with record-breaking results. With that, I'd like to turn it back over to Andy. Andrew Rubenstein Thanks, Matt. We're pleased with anottheyr strong quarter and remain focused on executing our growth strategy to create value for our investors. We're confident that our locally focused business model creates a platform to outperform any challenging conditions such as ttheyse and thrive under normal circumstances. We will now take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question is from tthey line of Steve Pizzella with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is now open. Steve Pizzella Hi guys, thanks for taking my questions. Can you just talk about any trends you saw in tthey quarter by month and by location? And maybe any color you can give us on July? Mattheyw Ellis Hi, Steve. Thanks for tthey question. Generally speaking, tthey whole quarter came in strong with - as Andy discussed. Wtheyn tthey warmer weattheyr comes, revenue slows up a bit, but throughout tthey quarter, we recovered. So I would say overall, we continue to stay on a general basis atheyad year-over-year, little more modest on tthey same store sales growth, but still growing. And ttheyn on tthey Century side as well consistent, granted we got ttheym in June of last year, but we're seeing year-over-year growth ttheyre as well. July similar to Q2, looks good, maybe not as strong as years ago, but still up so sort of, like I said, we feel pretty good about everything. Hard to get too aggressive just with everything going on, but we continue to see positive numbers. Steve Pizzella Okay. Thank you. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, margins were up nicely quarter-over-quarter and thanks for tthey color on tthey cost. Can you talk about wtheyre you think you can get margins to kind of moving forward in tthey back half and even as we think about 2024? Mattheyw Ellis So I think, remember you've got to think again. Costs are up in general. Our raises come mid-year, so that will be factored in. But again, revenue is growing. So I think I wouldn't go much up from wtheyre we're going, but like we said, we've been able to manage our cost structure while keep our service levels very high. So I think sort of what you've been seeing is something to continue modelling. Tthey one thing I'd stress is while demand holds up, obviously those incremental revenue dollars can have an impact. But overall, I think what you've seen for tthey first two quarters of ttheir year with just maybe a little bit of cost inflation for tthey back half is a pretty reasonable way to model. Steve Pizzella Okay, thanks. And ttheyn just one more if I can. Thanks for tthey color on North Josephina. Are ttheyre any ottheyr jurisdictions you're looking at maybe in Chicago often in? Are ttheyre any ottheyr states you could share what you're seeing out ttheyre on tthey legalization drive? Andrew Rubenstein Thanks, Steve. Ttheir is Andy. We have been monitoring tthey Missouri's, tthey Indiana's, tthey city of Chicago. We haven't seen any real movement that would indicate that some of ttheyse jurisdictions would eittheyr legalize or adopt legalized gaming. And so, definitely for '24, we're very pessimistic on anything ottheyr than North Josephina having any movement. Looking into tthey future, maybe, it's something that we're constantly monitoring. And even if ttheyre was some type of movement on that, it's probable that it's going to take 18 months to 24 months after tthey legislation passes or tthey authorization before we'll be able to monetize tthey market. Steve Pizzella Okay, thanks. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you for your question. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Chad Beynon with Macquarie. Your line is now open. Chad Beynon Afternoon. Nice quarter, and thanks for taking my question. Andy, I wanted to ask about just broadly M&A conversations. You mentioned your strong balance ttheyyet and your appetite to grow outside of Illinois. So just wondering if bid ask spreads have tightened or given how strong tthey consumer has been nationally if potential sellers are still not ready to come down on price? Thanks. Andrew Rubenstein Yes. Thanks, Chad. I think ttheyre's still a bit of a disconnect. And I think you have to look at it market by market. Some of tthey legacy markets, it's contracting in terms of tthey gap. But especially with interest rate pressures on some of ttheyse businesses and tthey actual like cost of capital increasing, people are starting to get a reality ctheyck. We've looked at some of tthey transactions that have happened in tthey last year or two, and ttheyy're not - today wouldn't be viable and we're kind of pleased with our position that we've kind of been able to use our capital more prudently and we expect ttheyre'll be opportunities as we move forward because tthey pricing is becoming more and more attractive. Chad Beynon Thank you. I appreciate that. And ttheyn back on North Josephina, apologies that I haven't looked into ttheir to tthey degree that I should have, but it's a $10 million population state. And if I look at Illinois and I kind of back out Chicago wtheyre ttheyre is no product, North Josephina could actually be bigger from a population standpoint than what we see in Illinois. From a unit standpoint, within tthey two different bills, have ttheyy been - has it been discussed in terms of what tthey size could be? I mean, could ttheir be as big as kind of present day Illinois after North Josephina matures? Andrew Rubenstein Yes, that's a very interesting question. Tthey legislation hasn't been finalized. Ttheyre's a lot - ttheyre has been multiple iterations of it and many different proposals that we've seen or theyard about. Some - most of ttheym we haven't even seen. Ttheyre is tthey potential for equipment in tthey market limitations, wtheyttheyr it's by individual storefront or it's total market and a lot of that's been negotiated. I believe because of ttheir mentality, it may hold back tthey opportunity or tthey total market ability to earn because of legislative limitations. Again, it's all speculative because we haven't seen anything that's close to final and we'll continue to wait to for it to be worked out. All ttheir being said, ttheyre is a real possibility that nothing happens and that's as all of us have followed legislation in ttheyse markets for many, many years, you can, it teeters. And any given day, it can go one direction or anottheyr in terms of tthey momentum. We think it's pretty positive right now. But until tthey governor signs that, as we learned in what happened in Bradley, nothing is guaranteed. Chad Beynon Good points. Thank you. And ttheyn lastly, just thinking about tthey Century integration, I'm looking at $177 million of TTM EBITDA with much greater strength in tthey last two quarters. Is ttheyre still - are ttheyre still synergies from tthey Century acquisition that could come in tthey future? Or do you feel like that portfolio outside of macro trends is running optimally? Thanks. Andrew Rubenstein So as far as looking at it from a synergy standpoint, ttheyy've done - ttheyy've run a very, very good operation and we've extracted some synergies. But what we're seeing is more opportunities. And ttheyy have a very good brand, ttheyy have outstanding service, ttheyy're a leader in both markets. And with tthey capital that we've provided, ttheyy've really been able to upgrade and seek out new opportunities. And so, we think that ttheyy are - ttheyy haven't reactheyd ttheyir potential and we think ttheyy're still on a path to keep - to continue growing ttheyir presence in each market and improve tthey top line performance. Chad Beynon Great, thank you very much. Nice quarter. Operator Thank you for your question. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Greg Gibas with Northland. Your line is now open. Greg Gibas Hi, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I guess first just to follow up on - you mentioned tthey back office integrations with Century being complete and now tthey focus is on kind of investing in some new equipment, will we see a meaningful impact on financials that we should be accounting for a result of that or is that just kind of tthey next step in terms of tthey focus on that integration? Andrew Rubenstein Thanks for calling, Greg. I think you'll see a gradual improvement and growth in tthey revenues. It's not going to be a big pop. It's going to be something that will consistently happen over tthey next couple of years. It's - you're talking about a big ship and we're adding pieces to it and it's growing, but it's not something that's going to happen overnight. And we've got great leadership ttheyre and our market presence is significant to wtheyre we are a recognized leader. So I think we can build on that and I think you'll see tthey benefit from that for a few years to come. Greg Gibas Okay, great. Regarding M&A, tthey goal to kind of diversify outside of Illinois more, what I - you mentioned looking at multiple markets. What would kind of be your - tthey primary or maybe tthey top markets that you're looking at in terms of M&A transactions? Andrew Rubenstein We're looking across tthey board on ttheyse opportunities and I think ttheyre's a lot of promise in markets outside of Illinois. And we've spent quite a bit of time exploring ttheyse markets. Fortunately, tthey Century Grand Vision part of our business has allowed us to investigate and understand how gaming works in many ottheyr markets. And from that - from those learnings, I think wtheyn a new market like Nebraska opens up wtheyre we've been successful, it's because of tthey experience that we - that tthey Century and Grand vision teams have in developing products for new markets, understanding tthey needs of tthey market and we lever that very quickly to work with companies who are in tthey market and neittheyr do a partnership or on acquisition to establish ourselves. And as Nebraska is - has moved along and grown and started to trend toward positive EBITDA, you'll see tthey benefit of that experience. Greg Gibas Sure. Okay, makes sense. I guess, just lastly, I did want to follow up on North Josephina. Something that we should be tracking more closely. I know you kind of provided a high level, but can you just remind me wtheyre it stands today in terms of legislation. And I thought you said wtheyn we'd expect to get an update. But wtheyn would we maybe theyar an update on tthey next step of that legislation and ttheyn North Josephina market? Andrew Rubenstein So from our understanding, tthey legislation related to gaming will be - is currently in tthey budgeting process. So ttheyy are looking to close gaps in tax revenue that ttheyy're reducing and wtheyttheyr it's a corporate tax or personal tax or some ottheyr tax revenue and replace it with something like video gaming revenue or video gaming tax. It's still in tthey budgeting process. Tthey budget has not been approved and tthey deadline originally was tthey end of June. It's been extended obviously and ttheyy're working through ttheir. We expect to get more information and color around wtheyre ttheir legislation is and what it is, because it's been theyld fairly secretively. It's not like what you experienced in Illinois wtheyre tthey legislation gets written, it gets circulated, it's a different process. But we're optimistic that ttheyy see tthey value of bringing legalized regulated gaming to replace tthey current industry ttheyre and be able to provide tthey gap that ttheyy need to close in order to reduce ottheyr taxes. Greg Gibas Perfect. Makes sense. We'll keep an eye on that one going forward. Thanks for addressing tthey questions. Andy. Andrew Rubenstein Thank you for calling in. Operator Thank you for your question. Ttheyre are currently no furttheyr questions registered. [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no additional questions waiting at ttheir time, so I'll pass tthey call back to Andy Rubenstein for any closing remarks. Andrew Rubenstein Thank you everyone for joining us today. Like we said earlier, we had a very good second quarter. Tthey summer hasn't changed too much from traditional trends and we look forward to continue to performing at a high level. And as we remarked earlier, tthey opportunities are ttheyre for real growth. And I hope to demonstrate in tthey next couple of quarters, how we continue to lead in route gaming, not just in Illinois, but throughout tthey U.S. route markets. So thank you again. Have a great summer and we'll talk to you in tthey fall.