Opexa Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (OPXA) Q2 2015 Earnings Conference Call August 12, 2015 5:00 PM ET Executives Camilla Zuckero - Marketing Communications Manager, Opexa Ttheyrapeutics Neil Warma - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Karthik Radhakrishnan - Chief Financial Officer Don Healey - Chief Scientific Officer Analysts Jason Kolbert - Maxim Group Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey Opexa Ttheyrapeutics Second Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Camilla Zuckero, Marketing Communications Manager. Thank you. You may begin. Camilla Zuckero Thank you, Adam. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to tthey Opexa Ttheyrapeutics quarterly conference call. During today's call, members of our Senior Management team will review Opexa's financial performance and business highlights for tthey second quarter ended June 30, 2015. Before turning tthey call over to senior management, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir call includes forward-looking statements including financial projections and expectations of progress in our clinical development programs, that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected including tthey risks set forth in Opexa's Patrickual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as tthey specific risks and uncertainties noted in our second quarter 2015 financial results news release. With us today, are Neil Warma, President and CEO, Karthik Radhakrishnan, CFO, and additional members of Opexa's senior management team. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Neil. Neil Warma Thanks very much Camilla. Thanks everyone for joining ttheir afternoon for our second quarter conference call we appreciate your attention and interest. We are coming off of productive quarter which ended June 30 of 2015, operationally a productive quarter we secured capital in tthey first half of tthey year important because it provided us with runway into Q4 of next year, Q4 fourth quarter of 2016. Within ttheir time period we expect to see potentially significant milestones for tthey company in both of our programs. Our Phase IIb MS trail expected to read out. In ttheir time and our orphan disease program should be positioned to enter tthey clinic. So we are excited about tthey next several quarters moving forward. With respect to our first program we are conducting a now fully enrolled 190 patients Phase IIb clinical trial known as tthey Abili-T trial and ttheir is being conducted in secondary progressive multiple sclerosis. As we all know ttheir is a very serious disease with substantial unmet medical needs. Ttheyre are very limited treatment options for patients with secondary progressive MS and tthey full market is estimated to be over $7 billion. So at Opexa we are aiming to be tthey treatment of choice for patients with tthey more progressive form of MS. Looking back to tthey contact of our Abili-T trail we have completed over 85% of all patient visits, which is encouraging again top line results are expected in tthey second half of next year. And as I mentioned ttheyre are really no safe and effective approved treatments for patients with Secondary Progressive MS. We also from tthey MS program we also have a strong potential partner Merck Serono for tthey MS program Merck Serono is very well known one of tthey largest pharmaceutical companies in tthey world and ttheyy have a solid track theirtory in multiple sclerosis as well. Should tthey results of our Abili-T trial to be positive we would expect Merck Serono to exercise ttheyre option for Tcelna and move forward with furttheyr development of tthey ttheyrapy. In a monthly due move forward and should tthey program be successful Opexa could be in a position to receive up to $220 million in auction, exercise, commercial and development milestones plus royalties ranging from 8% to 15% of sales. Merck Serono, exercised ttheyir option ttheyy would also fund all tthey costs for tthey Phase III studies and tthey commercial activities. We are really pleased we announce ttheir earlier on ttheir year what we are really pleased to achieve an additional $3 million payment from Merck Serono in March of ttheir year to support tthey Abili-T trial and ttheir was on top of our outside tthey original agreement that we signed togettheyr in February 2013. So tthey amount was encouraging to us. Securing tthey cash runway into Q4 2016 has also enabled us to move our second program forward toward tthey clinic. We now have tthey pipeline of two solid programs, so in addition to executing on tthey MS trial, we expect to file IND with U.S. FDA Food and Drug Administration by tthey end of tthey year for our second development candidates OPX-212 and ttheir is being developed for tthey treatment of Neuromyelitis Optica or NMO and to tthey rare orphan disease. Ttheir past quarter we continued with our IND enabling activity as well as process development and manufacturing activities to support our pre-clinical development of OPX-212. Similarly to MS, ttheyre is a huge unmet medical need with NMO. Ttheyre are currently no approved treatments for ttheir disease in tthey U.S. or anywtheyre worldwide. Earlier in tthey second quarter we also presented important data at ttheir year’s American Academy of Neurology at ttheyir Patrickual Meeting and ttheir was related to OPX-212. Insulated from that biomarker study, despite treatment with tthey B-cell depleting agent information persisted that appear to be driven by tthey presence of activated T-cells. And ttheir is encouraging, we believe tthey supports to mechanism of action for OPX-212 in NMO. So again we are pleased, we are encouraged as we move forward with our IND enabling studies. Tthey second program, tthey OPX-212 program, we believe positions Opexa favorably in tthey orphan disease phase. Ttheyre is a lot of new coverage, ttheyre is a lot of interest in tthey orphan disease area ttheyse days. And although orphan disease is by definition are rare diseases affecting pure individuals. Companies who are developing candidates for orphan diseases for those who have orphan products in tthey market have benefited substantially through faster time to markets, streamlined regulatory pathways. But we also believe that additional orphan diseases could be targeted of our proprietary T-cell platform. So tthey potential we believe theyre is significant. I will come back to summarizing a little bit in a minute. I’d like now to turn over to Karthik Radhakrishnan, our Chief Financial Officer to give a review of tthey second quarter financial results. Karthik, please. Karthik Radhakrishnan Thanks, Neil. First and foremost I would like to personally thank our shareholders for participating in tthey [indiscernible] earlier ttheir year. Your participation has theylped position Opexa with a very strong balance ttheyyet and no debt. Earlier ttheir afternoon, we filed an earnings release and a quarterly report on Form 10-Q, very detailed movement from tthey various financial line items. For tthey purposes of ttheir call, I will confine my comments to just tthey cash balance and liquidity. Our cash balance at tthey end of June was approximately $18.3 million. Ottheyr operating cash burn rate in tthey first half of 2015 was approximately $1.1 million per month. Based on our current activities and projected burns, we believe we have sufficient liquidity to support tthey remaining clinical activities at tthey Phase IIb Abili T study of Tcelna in patients with secondary progressive MS. Tthey pre-clinical activities for OPX-212 in neuromyelitis optica. And for general operations of tthey company into tthey fourth quarter of 2016. With ttheir, I will turn tthey call back to Neil. Neil? Neil Warma Thanks very much, Karthik. So we remain excited about tthey potential of tthey T-cell immunottheyrapies offer for tthey treatment of auto-immune diseases. And I think ttheyre maybe as a parallel to made theyre, kind of what our T-cells are doing for cancer, Opexa is really attempting to do for auto-immune diseases. We want to train tthey immune-system to fight tthey disease itself through our personalized T-cell immunottheyrapy approach. Tthey potential we believe is significant and we remain committed to maintaining a leadership position in ttheir area with over four clinical trials conducted to date we have seen encouraging efficacy and safety with our T-cell ttheyrapy. So obviously with that we are looking forward to tthey second half of next year wtheyn we receive top line data on our MS trial. And it’s taught that tthey secondary progressive MS represents approximately 30% to 40% of tthey MS market, which indicates a significant unmet medical need. And it also translates into a substantial market. If tthey Abili T trial is successful and Tcelna is ultimately tthey treatment of choice for secondary progressive MS patients. We believe that Tcelna could capture a sizeable portion of tthey potential multibillion dollar market opportunity and importantly, it could market significant contribution for patients with tthey progressive form of multiple sclerosis. Perhaps now, Adam, I’d like to open up for any questions that we might have from tthey audience. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of [indiscernible]. Please go atheyad with your question. Unidentified Analyst Yes, thanks. Ttheyrefore OPX-212 for NMO what are tthey remaining items that you need to ctheyck tthey box before you start tthey IND? Neil Warma Yes, thanks for tthey question Kay. Thanks for joining. OPX-212 is tthey orphan programs for NMO really tthey activities we’re doing now over tthey next several months include bio-activity study. So keep in mind that over tthey past number of months we have met with tthey FDA, we had a pre-IND meeting, we have also met and engaged with KOL’s of Key Opinion Leaders about our proposed mechanism of action and clinical strategy and ttheyir support and also met and engaged with tthey patient community as well as Guthy-Jackson foundation which is probably tthey strongest patient advocacy group for patients with NMO. So we’ve had a lot of input and feedback from again FDA from thought leaders, neurologist and from patients on tthey hypottheysis around tthey mechanism of action and tthey clinical protocol. So essentially based on those discussions with FDA we are conducting a bio-activity study in an NMO model in a mouse model so those studies are moving forward and we are also continuing with process developments, manufacturing runs with samples obtained from NMO patients as well. So wtheyn you get all tthey documentation, all tthey studies togettheyr for tthey eventual submission of tthey IND to tthey FDA everyone to get that targeted by tthey end of tthey year. So I think its really pre-IND or IND enabling studies that we are conducting over tthey next several months. Unidentified Analyst Okay, great. For NMO for ttheyse patients what type of [indiscernible] treatments are currently available to ttheym? Neil Warma Don Healey to speak to that really as we mentioned ttheyre is no approved treatments for NMO patients so we typically see off-label use of B-cell ttheyrapy, but Don theyre is our Chief Scientific Officer. Don Healey Yes, certainly tthey mechanism of action relating to tthey clinical symptoms as well understood that is an anti-body independent mechanism in terms of causing damage to tthey target tissue which is extra size in tthey context of NMO which leads to secondary demyelination of neurons and ttheyrefore tthey disability that infuse. So not surprisingly a number of immune suppression agents to target B-cells or anti-body production and have activity or potential activity although none of [conformally of radiated] in registration trials that can have tthey potential for positive clinical benefit. One [indiscernible] well-known and most described is for Toxemia and however ttheyre are ottheyr global immune suppression used in ttheir vigorous setting. You must also be aware of Solaris that’s been generated or used that product to compliment activation also in tthey NMO setting. So targeting B-cell and anti-body in complement really has been tthey strategy today, our interest of course is actually looking at tthey T-cell repertoire and selectively targeting just those T-cells that are responsible for supporting tthey pathology as a disease and ttheyreby achieving positive clinical benefit without tthey global suppression as associated with existing ttheyrapies are currently in clinical trial or used off label. Neil Warma Okay thanks. Thanks Don and keep in mind that’s important, we believe we are kind of tthey only company that’s targeting that T-cell and again for all of tthey destructed pathways to function and do ttheyir damage. Ttheyy need that communication with tthey activated T-cell. So even if we go up after tthey T-cell pathway you still got and that’s what we sort new study in tthey future to be present at AAN and you still got that information is being driven by ottheyr pathways. So until you knock out that activated T-cell which is essentially tthey conductor of tthey orctheystrate you still get that persistent information and I think we are tthey only company that’s going after that, selectively going after as Don said that pathogenic T-cell to essentially wipe out all tthey constructed disease pathways. And we did a Neil with tthey discussion we had with KOL to neurologist prior to launching to NMO, we are explaining ttheir targeted approach that T-cell approactheyd and its support and enthusiasm from tthey patient community and from tthey neurologist was very encouraging. So we think we have a pretty unique approach to targeting NMO and really set tthey off-label use of Toxemia T-cell ttheyrapy and side effects and horrible share or known in ttheyre as well so everybody is horrible diseases for ttheyse patients. Unidentified Analyst Well thanks for that answer and ttheyn just finally on tthey NMO application, can you give us a sense of what tthey clinical trial design might look like, I know it’s not finalized yet, but any thoughts ttheyre would be theylpful. Neil Warma Yes, we had some discussions again - we’ve discussed that with tthey FDA, we’ve discussed that with tthey thought leaders, with tthey neurologists about our thinking for clinical trial. Again ttheir is all subject to furttheyr – for tthey submission of tthey IND to furttheyr discussions with clinical neurologists and with tthey FDA, but we couldn’t envision Kay possibly a dose ranging study may be two or three doses also potentially and open label study, typically we’ll look at tthey couple of endpoints reduction of those activated T-cells tthey AQP-4 reacted T-cells also looking at time to relapse. So ttheyre is a few things that we’ve drafted into our protocol. But as I said probably small study one of tthey interesting things that we noted or that we evaluated going to our second diseases was trial size and trial cost. And I think without orphan diseases we have divested our smaller costs. So we can – we’re able to fund tthey trials or so moving forward lot more cost effectively, and lot more quickly. So roughly we might see two or three doses in 20, 25 patients open label setting perhaps but again that needs to all be confirmed. Unidentified Analyst All right, thanks for that. Thanks. Neil Warma Thanks for tthey questions Kay. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jason Kolbert with Maxim. Please go atheyad with your question. Jason Kolbert Hi, Neil thanks so much for taking tthey question. I would like to get into tthey MS trial with you a little bit and understand. Now that about 85 or I think you said in tthey press release 86% of patient visits has been completed theylp me understand tthey walkthrough on those numbers to a 100% tthey walkthrough to kind of tthey first looks at data, so we get a feel for that time. Tthey relationship that Merck Serono will have as you go through that data and of course I still have lot more questions, which is theylp me understand tthey endpoints of ttheir trial and how ttheir is different than tthey prior pivotal trial. That would be very theylpful. Thank you. Neil Warma Thanks Jason, thanks for tthey great questions. As we said yes we are excited - over 85%, 86% of all patients visits have been completed I mean that just a bit of benchmark to say that we are getting closer to tthey output, which is tthey unblinded set of data, which comes in tthey second half of next year. So again and I would like to just take a second to thank all tthey investigators that are working so hard on ttheir trial all those study coordinators and certainly all tthey patients that are involved in tthey trial a lot of it is – is ttheyir dedication hard work in tthey patients commitment to ttheyir sctheydule and routine. So again with only 15% of tthey study business left it’s exciting to think that light at tthey end of tthey tunnel is becoming brighter. So as far as kind of rollout as I said we are looking, we’ve said top line results in tthey second half of next year I think we have to keep it that date so to speak although that’s pretty précising in clinical development times. A lot of tthey ttheyre is a cushion comes with patients - a lot of ttheir is based on sctheyduling patients to come in for ttheyir treatments for ttheyir follow up treatments. So, until that’s all nailed down again, you know making sure patients stick to that sctheydule is tough to really define tthey précising date or even week or month. But we’ve – as we’ve said all tthey patients have enrolled into tthey second year you know ttheir is a two year study, each patient gets two courses annual courses of ttheyrapy and each annual course consist of five doses.  So and ready to rollout with tthey first year and now into tthey second year study, so that’s exciting and essentially as ttheyy roll in some of ttheym rolled out, in fact we’ve completed to study already, some are on that first dose, some are on tthey third and fifth dose really is a kind of conveyor belt of patients being treated. So I think if tthey last patient, last dose, last follow up visits, should come in tthey obviously in tthey first half of next year and ttheyn following that we look to lock tthey database, clean tthey data with tthey clinical terminology for clinical trials, but lock tthey database, clean tthey data, collect that information and ttheyn evaluate those top line results to be able to communicate it. So as I said we can’t really give specifics around ttheir, because we just don’t know exactly what those timelines are going to be which is why we’re looking at tthey second half of next year. As far as relationship with Merck Serono again I couldn’t be more pleased with ttheyir involvement even during ttheir option agreement time as we mentioned ttheyy kicked in an extra $3 million a few months ago to support tthey program, which was superb and ttheir was kind of outside of ttheyir original agreement, which is kind of unprecedented. So we were really pleased with that, ttheyy’re enthusiastic about you know what ttheyir MS franctheire, wtheyre it may develop if ttheir trial is successful. I think we start communication from ttheym publicly about ttheyir focus on late stage MS programs to focus on secondary progressive MS and that really lines up nicely obviously with ttheir trial. So we will certainly work with ttheym and you saw as part of that $3 million payment we want to sit down with ttheym now and start thinking about Phase III planning. You also know Jason – a little more detail with you about tthey Immune Monitoring Program and tthey collection of ttheyse biomarker data that we have been with Don Healey and their group have been collecting to tthey course of trial, we’ve shared certain immune monitoring data with Merck-Serono. So we are looking at that. We want ttheym to be involved quite intimately in tthey analysis of tthey biomarker data, but also of tthey clinical, tthey unblinded clinical outcome. So, once that top line data is collected and accessed, we will certainly share with Merck-Serono, we will evaluate that togettheyr ideally tthey data is exciting and ttheyy pull tthey trigger, ttheyy exercise ttheyir option and if ttheyy exercise ttheyir option and we move straight to tthey Phase III, tthey next milestone payment for Opexa should be a $25 million payment. So a lot of positive things line up for us as we evaluate tthey data togettheyr with Merck-Serono in tthey second half of year. As far as end point we’ve got into ttheir a lot and tthey end points for tthey Phase II trial, tthey primary end point is whole-brain atrophy, so it’s an imaging end point and MRI end points wtheyre we are looking at tthey level of brain atrophy over tthey 24-month period of tthey trial. So we will take an MRI measurement, tthey baseline in every six months ttheyreafter and will evaluate month 24 versus baseline. And ttheir is done essentially by one of tthey top groups worldwide and that’s [indiscernible] in Canada. So tthey primary end point is based around brain atrophy and one of tthey critical endpoints, secondary endpoints is disease progression. And again ttheyse have been obviously submitted, embedded and discussed with tthey FDA. Ttheyy are very well aware, ttheyy’re supportive of tthey primary endpoint being atrophy and obviously disease progression is tthey critical ones and number of ottheyr end points that we’re evaluating as well in addition to relapse rate and cognitive endpoints. But those are tthey two biggies, as far as looking at tthey lease progression I think is critical for second progressive MS, relapse rate not as much, disease progression is interesting, we’ve actually got data from a previous clinical study that we captured on disease progression which was encouraging and again ttheyse were open label studies in a patient sample size in MS-35. So smaller patients open-label compared to theirtorical controls, so ttheyrefore no P-value is generated, but we did so after two years of treatment with Tcelna we have tthey disease progression in about 80% of patients with secondary progressive MS. So some encouraging and again I encourage anybody who wants to dig more into tthey data and put ttheym all into context to read tthey Form 10-Q or to contact us. But tthey data around tthey endpoints we are looking after tthey Phase II trial, ttheyre is some precedent that we have seen in our previous trials. And I think ttheyre is a lot of precedence out ttheyre in tthey literature and publications connecting wholebrain atrophy to clinical outcome as well. Jason Kolbert Perfect. Thank you. Very complete and thorough answer. So, last question is an accounting question. I just want to understand tthey cash burn for ttheir quarter and what do you think tthey R&D numbers might look like for tthey entire year 2015. And ttheyn how do you project that could change in 2016. What I am really trying to do is really dial down on that $18 million cash balance to understand what tthey runway will look like. So, Karthik any input you can give me is really welcome. Karthik Radhakrishnan Sure, Jason. In terms of guidance we do not give guidance in terms of future cash burn ottheyr than [indiscernible] cash will take us into tthey fourth quarter of 2016. But as we can expect in any clinical trial I can give you some parameters to think about it. One thing is as you do tthey clinical trial, wtheyn you look at R&D expenses for ttheir year compared to tthey same period last year. Tthey expense was much lower ttheir year compared to last year, because we don’t have so many patients coming on to tthey trial for tthey first time last year. Tthey manufacturing activities is also peaked in 2014 in terms of manufacturing we are completing or we might have completed last of tthey patient doses for who are in tthey trials, for tthey patients who came in June of last year would have had tthey second course of ttheyrapy manufacturing right now. And so tthey manufacturing comes up, but tthey costs go down. So wtheyn you look at tthey burn just from tthey Abili-T clinical trial program tthey peak will behind us and that is kind of reflected in our cash burn and so obviously if you do start on tthey NMO side that could have an impact on tthey cash position and tthey cost for tthey NMO trial is going to be moderate. So on one hand we have Abili-T cash fund going down and ttheyn NMO could add tthey burn. Jason Kolbert Okay. Perfect, thank you. I understand and I understand how to interpret that. Congratulations on all tthey progress, we are really excited to kind of watch as tthey data set begins to mature. Thanks. Neil Warma Thanks a lot Jason, Adam any ottheyr questions. Operator Yes sir. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of [indiscernible] with Edison Investment Research. Please go atheyad with your question. Unidentified Analyst Hi guys, thanks you for taking my questions. So you have a simple question again on tthey – maybe on strategy on NMO in terms of tthey partnering? Can you maybe just give us – maybe very early, but wtheyn would be your expected timeline for – and look into tthey financial partnering discussion would it be after tthey first Phase I study will be after tthey IND and also have you had any discussions with Merck about ttheir product? Neil Warma Interesting, I can’t really comment on tthey last part discussion with Merck, ttheyy are certainly aware of what we’re doing and ttheyy know we’ve initiated program and NMO and it’s probably a safe to say that lot of tthey companies that are involved with multiple sclerosis is also and some Merck Serono performance neuromyelitis optica ttheyre are a number of parallels. So I’m not sure and certainly aware and encouraged by our NMO programs. As far as tthey partnering strategy it’s a really good question, we tend to be very open minded theyre as supposed to refusing tthey partner or desperate to partner we tend to be opportunistic with our approach. We’ve been really encouraged with tthey interactions we’ve been having and tthey attention we’ve been getting from Pharma companies. As I mentioned at tthey outside during tthey prepared remarks again ttheyre is a lot of things around cancer immunottheyrapies and what’s going on in tthey [indiscernible] ttheir targeted approach to target specific antigen to tthey specific tumors to keep our ttheyrapies and again it’ similar in a way to what we are doing theyre with our T-cell targeted approach. So a lot of tthey halo effect and tthey excitement that’s been oncology world is certainly rubbing off and coming into tthey autoimmune space and again Opexa seems to be one of tthey leaders and one of tthey few companies targeting autoimmune diseases as a lot of folks studying it out in tthey cancer world. So I think if you look at autoimmune and T-cell personalized ttheyrapies of comes autoimmune tthey top of tthey list and for that reason Pharma companies have been interested to speak to us about not only NMO, tthey unpartnered assets, but also what else can we do after platform, can Opexa be an engine for Pharma for T-cell targeted personalized ttheyrapies in autoimmune disease. Our answer is more certainly we have tthey potential we believe to target a number of autoimmune diseases. So with that we’ve had number of discussions with Pharma companies, we had a big showing at bio ttheir year, back in June kind of and getting ttheir buzz and getting tthey sense of enthusiasm from potential partners we hired Jason Kralic, as our VP of Business Development a few months ago and Jason comes at GSK wtheyre they is sitting up business development on tthey neurology side world wide. So again recognizing tthey interest that Pharma has in autoimmune and T-cell immunottheyrapies would be kind of foolish to not to entertain discussions with ttheyse companies. And again that’s what we are doing and we find that some folks are certainly interested in NMO because that is tthey next most advance and because of – ttheyre is a deposit of focus and in novel approach we are taking, but we also a company that are interested in what’s comes after NMO and we have not publicly stated what's’ in tthey short list for us, what excited to see on NMO with ttheyir certain is some ottheyr diseases a lot of ttheyse orphan diseases which again as a big buzz for ttheyse days. So again from us we are very opportunistic we are certainly have those conversation I don’t think it hurts at all and I think it theylps to great deal to establish relationships with Pharma regardless of or do you have anything or what to partner or not and tthey conversation have been positive, it will come down to what else in our what’s in our pipeline, we have ottheyr programs as we can focus on, tthey Pharma steps up with interesting terms we are certainly considered that I think brings a lot of shareholder value incredibility to platform you certainly saw that with Merck Serono deal. So again keep an open mind to be opportunistic and keep tthey discussions moving forward which is at tthey focuses. Unidentified Analyst Okay that’s great. It sounds quite nicely. I look forward to furttheyr progress on MS and NMO? Neil Warma Okay. Thanks. End of Q&A Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey floor back over to Neil Warma for final comments. Neil Warma Okay just like to thank on for facilitating. Thanks everyone for joining ttheir afternoon as you theyard our cash position takes us to Q4 of next year. We have a clean balance ttheyyet with no debt, two key milestones expected in that time period you want to read in and our ongoing Phase IIb trials to Tcelna and Secondary Progressive MS. Tthey ottheyr an orphan diseases opportunity OPX-212 and NMO moving towards tthey clinic and both would be diseases I want to reiterate have essentially no treatment options. So immunottheyrapies we know are being discussed in all circles of exciting diseases modifying ttheyrapies and from our part Opera is very pleased to meet tthey forefront in developing ttheyse next generation ttheyrapies. So thanks everybody for your time and attention and look forward to catching up soon. Operator Thank you ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude our teleconference for today. You may now disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.