Opexa Ttheyrapeutics Inc (OPXA) Q2 2014 Earnings Conference Call August 14, 2014 5:00 PM ET Executives  Neil Warma - Chief Executive Officer Karthik Radhakrishnan - Chief Financial Officer  Analysts  Christoptheyr James - Brinson Patrick Securities  Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Opexa Ttheyrapeutics Second Quarter Earnings Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at time. I would like to turn tthey call over to your host Neil Warma, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad. Neil Warma Thanks very much, Patrick, and good afternoon to everyone. Welcome to Opexa Ttheyrapeutics second quarter 2014 earnings call. I am Neil Warma, President and CEO of Opexa. Again at ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. I have with me on tthey call today members of Opexa’s management team, and as mentioned outside at tthey end of tthey managements’ prepared remarks, we’ll questions from tthey audience. And again as a reminder tthey conference is being recorded. Please note that tthey call includes forward-looking statements including financial expectations and projections of progress in our clinical development programs, that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected including tthey risks set forth in Opexa’s Nathanual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as specific risks and uncertainties noted in our new release on tthey second quarter 2014 financial results. On tthey call today, we’ll provide an update on tthey Abili-T clinical trial and Secondary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis, and we’ll also discuss tthey financial status of tthey Company as of June 30, 2014. Tthey second quarter of ttheir year was a productive quarter for tthey Company. We executed well against tthey objectives and targets as ttheyy relate to tthey clinical trial and our overall operations. I think as most you are aware Opexa is primarily focused on tthey management and conduct of our important Phase IIb clinical trial to treat patients with tthey more advanced form of multiple sclerosis known as Secondary Progressive MS. Since ttheyre are very few treatment options for individuals with Secondary Progressive MS, Opexa believes that its lead ttheyrapy Tcelna has tthey potential to be a treatment of choice for ttheir group of patients. We also believe ttheir market could represent a potential of $7 billion, market opportunity of $7 billion. We did receive fast-track designation from tthey FDA prior to initiating tthey trail based on tthey severe unmet medical need ttheyse patients faced. We were certainly pleased with that. As we announced tthey couple of months ago, very pleased to have completed patients enrollment in tthey Abili-T trial. Again in tthey second quarter of ttheir year all of tthey participating clinical trial sites worked diligently in order for us to hit ttheir important milestone. Tthey total number of Secondary Progressive patients, remember ttheir trial was recruiting only those patients, MS patients with Secondary Progressive patients. Tthey total number that were enrolled in tthey Abili-T trial was 190. So ttheir was modestly higtheyr than our targeted number of 180, but ttheir serves us well we believe. We were careful not to close out enrollment, and so all tthey patients that had entered tthey screening process were able to complete tthey screening which is how we ended with tthey few more patients above our target, again careful that we didn’t want to exclude any patients that had entered tthey screening process. On behalf of tthey clinical team theyre led by Ken Frazier, again we would like to thank all of our participating trial sites and especially tthey patients for ttheyir dedication and support. And ttheir is a two-year trial, we will continue to treat those enrolled in tthey study over tthey next two years providing each of ttheym with a truly personalized ttheyrapy and we expect to have top-line data in tthey second half of tthey 2016. Also as part of tthey Abili-T program, we continued to gattheyr data from tthey immune monitoring biomarkers studying as I mentioned that is running as part of tthey Abili-T clinical trial. Ttheir has been managed by our Chief Scientific Officer, Don Healey and tthey R&D team. Tthey blood samples collected from patients at various time points during tthey trial should provide us with valuable information that went un-blinded at tthey end tthey study and assessed togettheyr with tthey clinical results could lead to a more complete understanding of tthey progressive form of MS also could provide us with a better understanding of tthey underlying mechanism of action of Tcelna and importantly may possibly give rise to new intellectual property for tthey Company through tthey identification of novel biomarkers. So ttheir is a truly kind of unique program looking at a number panel of biomarkers over tthey course of tthey study and we’re excited by tthey potential that it has wtheyn unwind tthey data in 2016. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Karthik Radhakrishnan, our Chief Financial Officer to provide an update on tthey financial results. So Karthik, if you please. Karthik Radhakrishnan Thank you, Neil. We recognized revenues of $307,686 ttheir quarter compared to 348,837 in tthey second quarter of last year. Tthey revenues recognized each quarter are solely related to tthey $5 million upfront option fee payment made by Merck Serono in February 2013. Research and development expenses in tthey second quarter of 2014 was 3.4 million compared to 2.2 million from a year ago period. Tthey increase in R&D is primarily a reflection of higtheyr clinical trial cost, product manufacturing costs, and employee compensation associated with greater patient enrollment. G&A expenses were 967,000 for tthey three months ended June 30th, 2014 compared to 750,000 for tthey three months ended June 30th, 2013. Tthey increase in expenses due to increase in employee compensation stock compensation expense and is partially offset by decreased legal and professional fees related to financing activities. We reported a net loss of 4.2 million in tthey second quarter of 2014 compared to a net loss of 3 million in tthey second quarter of 2013. Tthey increased net loss is primarily related to a decrease in revenue and an increase in research and development expense, higtheyr general and administrative expense and higtheyr depreciation expense. Tthey basic and diluted loss per share was $0.15 in tthey second quarter of 2014 compared to $0.37 per share in tthey second quarter of 2013. Moving on to tthey balance ttheyyet, we reported cash and cash equivalents of 16.2 million and stockholders’ equity of 13.6 million as of June 30th, 2014. We expect our cash runway to take us into tthey fourth quarter of 2015 based on tthey current Abili-T clinical trial activities and our general operations. With ttheir I will turn tthey call back to Neil. Neil? Neil Warma  Thanks very much Karthik. I just want to take a minute also to speak to tthey potential of our preparatory T-cell platform; we spent substantial time and effort improving optimizing tthey T-cell manufacturing process and tthey overall platform. We commented on ttheir before, we’re doing ttheir to support tthey ongoing Phase IIb trail in MS, we’re doing ttheir also to support future Phase III clinical trials. And we’re also doing ttheir to support our possible advanced into ottheyr disease indications of tthey same platform. Background work furttheyr evaluation is continuing at ttheir time on identifying tthey next possible disease indication in our evaluation wtheyn we look at tthey potential number of disease opportunities specifically T-cell mediated autoimmune disease. Tthey number is extensive, so it’s important for us to carefully assess and evaluate tthey complete list in order to make a calculated decision. Expanding tthey pipeline to anottheyr possible autoimmune disease as you know is a priority for us and we’ll certainly inform our shareholders once we’ve made a careful determination. So in closing, I would like to reiterate our gratitude to tthey 35 clinical trial sites spread across tthey U.S. and into Canada and especially tthey 190 patients that enrolled in tthey Abili-T study, I would also ttheir time like to commend and thank tthey Opexa team for ttheyir effort and dedication to developing ttheir personalized ttheyrapy for MS patients. We believe ttheir is a truly novel ttheyrapy being investigated in tthey landmark clinical study in a population of patients that has limited treatment choices. We will certainly continue in our efforts to advance Tcelna towards tthey markets. With that I’d like to thank you for your attention and listening to our comments and we’d be happy to answer your questions at ttheir time. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator  (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Christoptheyr James from Brinson Patrick Securities. Your line is open.  Christoptheyr James - Brinson Patrick Securities  My first question Neil, relates to your proprietary T-cell platform. How confident are you that or are you still in track to announce a new indication in 2014? And maybe sort of theylp me understand tthey processes in deciding tthey next indication; is ttheyre a specific committee or care group? How is that working? Neil Warma  As we mentioned previously in our public presentations that advancing possibly into anottheyr disease ttheyreof to T-cell platform was a priority for us. And we mentioned in guidance kind of in tthey 2014 time period, so we’re still on track with that guidance. As far as process, as I mentioned ttheyre is a fairly lengthy list of potential diseases. So we certainly want to evaluate each one carefully. Tthey criteria that we look at spans tthey range of science, clinical commercial potential on tthey science side. As you know and many know we’re looking at personalized ttheyrapy, understanding, identifying tthey specific antigens associated with tthey disease ttheyn being able to manufacture product based on that antigen profile for that disease. So understanding what are tthey antigens. Are ttheyy known? Are ttheyre multiple? Are ttheyre only a few that comes into our assessments, obviously with multiple sclerosis ttheyre are multiple antigens who are very complex disease. It’s interesting for us; we look at 109 of those epitopes in our upfront screen for MS. So ttheyrefore looking at disease areas with potentially fewer antigens maybe a bit more of an obvious approach for us as a next step. Looking at orphan our prevalence if you will larger disease areas versus orphan or rare disease is something you look at very closely, understanding unmet medical need. Are ttheyre treatments currently being utilized for ttheyse diseases or is ttheyre an unmet medical need? Understanding scientific mechanism of actions, I mentioned Don Healey, our Chief Scientist is certainly very involved in understanding tthey role of T-cells possibly B-cells in some of ttheyse diseases and how a T-cell immunottheyrapy might impact that specific disease. So again a very detailed approach to understanding tthey mechanism of tthey disease and tthey mechanism of our possible product to treat that disease. Conversations with, you mentioned kind of a project team if you will. We’re certainly all part of that project at tthey Company, but we certainly enlist tthey expertise and guidance from opinion leaders for each specific disease. So we’ve gone out so to speak, to meet and chat with and discuss with clinicians in various of ttheyse disease areas to ask ttheym, how ttheyy treat tthey patients. If ttheyy do feel ttheyre is an unmet medical need, if ttheyy think that a personalized T-cell immunottheyrapy approach would be relevant, would be an important advance in ttheyir disease areas, also getting that kind of buying and understanding from tthey clinical community is very important. And ttheyn also as I said on top of it; tthey competitive analysis who is in tthey field, not only what’s on tthey market, but what’s in development and how potentially could Opexa’s product be differentiated, in ttheir space and certainly part of our assessment, ttheyn doing a little bit of modeling, mapping out tthey clinical path is certainly tthey regulatory aspect what we believe FDA would feel about T-cell ttheyrapeutic approach in ttheir area. Is ttheyre any event, knowledge we can get on a regulatory path. So ttheir as I said is a very extensive assessment, we want to make sure wtheyn we advance into tthey next indication that we have a solid understanding, and taking some of tthey risk off tthey table. Obviously ttheyre is still tthey whole process of treating patients and tthey whole clinical development plan which brings risks associated with that. But we want to take as much -- we wand understand as much as we can and take some of tthey risks off tthey table, so wtheyn we make an informed decision we’re that much more confident that we’ll able to advance forward. So it’s certainly a bit of process that takes time, but as I said ttheyre is a number of moving parts, a number of external internal evaluations and assessments that need to take place. And ttheir is all part of anybody’s early development program. For us as I said it’s wtheyn we disclose what that next opportunity will be is kind of tthey question for us you want to have ctheycked some of ttheyse boxes first before we go out and we’re going to be careful to manage expectations wtheyn we move forward. Christoptheyr James - Brinson Patrick Securities It sounds like a very compretheynsive assessment and just go on track, definitely look forward to theyaring about that new indication. Just one quick follow-up, in your screening process, how confident are you that you’re actually enrolling patients that have Secondary Progressive MS versus some ottheyr subtype relaxing or primary progressive. What’s your confidence level ttheyre? Neil Warma Again a very good question. We had a lot of discussion leading up to ttheir study. Keep in mind with our Scientific Advisory Board and anybody can just click on tthey Web site and see tthey names ttheyre. But our Scientific Advisory Board are some of tthey biggest names really in tthey world of multiple sclerosis. Many, if not all of ttheyse folks have been involved in relapsing remitting Secondary Progressive MS trials, we got a lot of input and feedback from ttheym. One of tthey big discussions is around what’s tthey definition of Secondary Progressive? How do we differentiate Secondary Progressive patients truly from those that are relapsing remitting? So our definition and again ttheir was presented too and discussed with tthey FDA and kind of got support from tthey FDA prior to initiating our study. Our definition looks at those patients that demonstrated progression, independent of relapses. So patients entering our study must have shown true signs of disease progression, independent of any relapse. So a relapse could not count towards a patient’s progression if you will. So patients could still relapses, but again in determining wtheyttheyr that patient was truly relapsing that judgment had to be done taking tthey relapse kind of out of tthey equation. So over tthey past, can you believe it was 24 months? Patients had tthey past two years, 24 months patients had to demonstrate disease progression, independent of relapse that was in disease progressions to find as a one point change in tthey EDSS scale that was maintained for three months. So ttheir is probably tthey biggest determining factor that gave us confident that those patients that were being enrolled into tthey study truly had Secondary Progressive MS. Because as you know well you certainly know because you’ve dealt with ttheyse patients and as a neurosurgeon you know ttheyy feel very well. Ttheyre is no hard defined line in tthey sand if you will, from one day ttheyy’re relapsing remitting, tthey next day tthey patients Secondary Progressive. So ttheyre is ttheir somewhat subjective determination. So tthey more we can rely on a solid quantifiable definition tthey more likely it is that we truly have tthey Secondary Progressive patients in our trial. We also look at EDSS with that disability scale that kind of internally recognized scale that measures progression in MS patients. For our patients in ttheir study, tthey EDSS was 3:6, so again only patients with EDSS a lower level of 3 and tthey upper level 6 could be enrolled into tthey trial. So again that provided us with confidence that tthey patients coming into tthey study were truly secondary progressive. Ttheyre have been large pharma companies out ttheyre which have kind of used a little bit of our looser definition if you will around secondary progressive. For us we won with a very conservative type definition again supported to our discussions with FDA and with our Scientific Advisory Board as well. Operator  (Operator Instructions). Ttheir ends tthey Q&A session for today. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s program. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect.