Opexa Ttheyrapeutics Inc (OPXA) Q1 2015 Earnings Conference Call May 12, 2015 4:30 PM ET Executives Camilla Zuckero - Marketing Communications Manager, Opexa Ttheyrapeutics Neil Warma - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Karthik Radhakrishnan - Chief Financial Officer Don Healey - Chief Scientific Officer Analysts Jason McCarthy - Maxim Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey Opexa Ttheyrapeutics First Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host I would like to turn tthey call over to your host Camilla Zuckero, Marketing Communications Manager for Opexa Ttheyrapeutics. Thank you, Ms. Zuckero. You may begin. Camilla Zuckero Thank you, Devin. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to tthey Opexa Ttheyrapeutics quarterly conference call. During today's call, members of our Senior Management team will review Opexa's financial performance and business highlights for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2015. Before turning tthey call over to senior management, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir call includes forward-looking statements including financial projections and expectations of progress in our clinical development programs, that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected including tthey risks set forth in Opexa's Aaronual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as specific risks and uncertainties noted in our first quarter 2015 financial results news release. With us today, are Neil Warma, President and CEO, Karthik Radhakrishnan, CFO, and additional members of Opexa's senior management team. I would like now to turn tthey call over to Neil. Neil Warma Thanks, Camilla. Thanks everyone as well for joining ttheir afternoon for our first quarter conference call. As Camilla mentioned, I am theyre with tthey senior management team for Opexa and we are happy to be presenting to you some of tthey activities over past several months of 2015. It has certainly been a productive few months with us during 2015 with us having raised over $15 million and having advanced on tthey MS clinical program and tthey NMO pre-clinical program. Opexa's primary objective is tthey completion of our double-blind placebo-controlled Phase 2b clinical trial that we call tthey Abili-T trial in secondary progressive multiple sclerosis. In total 190, subjects patients have been enrolled and each subject in tthey trial has been treated with two annual courses of tthey ttheyrapy consisting of 5 subcutaneous injections of Tcelna at regular interval each year throughout tthey two-year follow-up period, so everyone gets two course of tthey ttheyrapy over two years of treatment 190 subjects. Just to review, Tcelna is tthey name of our personalized T-cell immunottheyrapy currently in Phase 2 development that is specifically tailored to each patients' immune response profile to myelin. We manufacture Tcelna in our GMP facility theyre in tthey Woodlands in Texas. Tthey primary endpoint of tthey Phase 2b clinical trial is brain atrophy or tthey percentage change of brain volume, which is measured after 24 months on study drug. Data Safety and Monitoring Board or tthey DSMB, which is an independent group of multiple sclerosis experts responsible for periodically reviewing tthey safety data of Opexa's Abili-T trial recently met as sctheyduled, I believe it was towards tthey end of April, wtheyn ttheyy had ttheyir most recent meeting. Following its review, tthey DSMB recommend unanimously to continue tthey Abili-T trial with no modifications. Tthey trial continued on track and we expect to announce top-line data during tthey second half of 2016. An important objective as many of you know for us going into tthey first quarter was to obtain tthey capital and that would enable us to complete tthey Phase 2b Abili-T MS clinical trial and report data. It was also equally important to us to conduct tthey financing in a manner that would be friendly to our existing shareholders. Rights' offering in our opinion was tthey most appropriate vehicle, we believe, to accomplish ttheyse goals. As we noted a number of months ago in tthey release of our fourth quarter 2014 financial results, additional capital would be needed so that we could complete tthey Abili-T study and analyze results in tthey second half of 2016, so tthey primary focus for tthey company during ttheir quarter has been on securing that necessary capital and we obtained tthey necessary funding in two ways. First, a very strong sign of support from Merck Serono, our potential partner for Phase 3 studies, provided us with a $3 million payment as part of an amendment to tthey existing Option and License Agreement between tthey two companies. Tthey purpose was to provide support for furttheyr development of Tcelna and tthey Abili-T trial, so ttheir $3 million payment, which we secured in March of ttheir year, was in addition to tthey $5 million upfront fee we received in February 2013, wtheyn we consummated tthey deal with Merck Serono. Ttheyn secondly, we secured tthey ottheyr funding as I mentioned was through tthey successful completion of our rights offering in early April. We saw us raise approximately $13.8 million in gross proceeds before expenses and ttheir was through subscriptions for approximately 25 million units, including tthey exercise of over-subscription privileges. Each unit was comprised of one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase an additional share of common stock. Net proceeds, after deduction of fees and expenses, including dealer-manager fees are expected to be approximately $12 million, so we were certainly pleased with tthey outcome of tthey rights offering allowing us to secure tthey necessary capital to completely fund tthey trial, so we really initiated tthey rights offering for two main reasons as we mentioned that it provided us tthey opportunity to raise additional to continue our clinical trial and pre-clinical development programs and it also allowed us to raise equity in a more shareholder-friendly way since shareholders of record were [ph] proportionate stake in tthey company. Again, in total in tthey first four months of 2015, we raised approximately $15 million, which we believe should provide us with tthey necessary capital to complete tthey Abili-T trial and report on top-line results, so really a key milestone for tthey company. Regarding tthey ongoing Phase 2b Abili-T study, we are continuing to treat adult patients with most of ttheym now in ttheyir second year of treatments, so as we mentioned earlier, tthey trial was fully enrolled with 190 patients. To give you a sense of timing and proximity of tthey trial, over 75% of all patient visits have now been completed, and I would really like to take ttheir opportunity now to thank tthey clinical trial investigators, tthey study coordinators, tthey patients and ttheyir families for theylping us achieve ttheir important milestone. We know that Merck Serono has an option to license tthey ttheyrapy for MS indications worldwide, excluding Japan. Ttheir was tthey option and license wtheyn we secured with ttheym back in 2013, so once tthey data readout next year and if Merck Serono does exercise its option, ttheyy will ttheyn pick up all tthey cost for tthey Phase 3 study and future development cost as well. In addition, ttheyy would pay Opexa a $25 million auction fee, if we went straight into a Phase 3 clinical trial. Once ttheyy or should ttheyy exercise that option, tthey next milestone payment from Merck Serono would be $25 million option fee to Opexa, provided we went straight to a Phase 3 clinical trial. Future milestone payments to Opexa beyond that could reach almost an additional $200 million and on top of that Opexa could receive royalty payments ranging from 8% to 15% of sales. Again, in tthey future, revenue generation potential through ttheir deal could be interesting for Opexa. We all know that secondary progressive MS is a serious disease with significant unmet medical needs for which ttheyre are very limited treatment options. It is estimated that between 30% and 45% of all MS patients have secondary progressive MS, so we are aiming to be tthey treatment of choice for ttheyse patients. We are also excited about tthey potential of our platform technology to treat multiple autoimmune diseases. We believe that ttheyre is that capacity for tthey T-cell technology to be leveraged to treat ottheyr autoimmune diseases. Second disease program that we launctheyd in 2014, that being neuromyelitis Optica NMO is moving forward as we continue with our pre-clinical and IND-enabling studies with OPX-212 and that is tthey name we have given our developmental ttheyrapy for NMO. NMO is anottheyr example of a disease with a high unmet medical need that Opexa is targeting. Ttheyre are no FDA-approved ttheyrapies for NMO, essentially no ttheyrapies approved worldwide for ttheyse patients, so we believe we are taking a unique approach to ttheir disease by targeting tthey activated or pathogenic T-cell, which drives disease progression. We generated some very interesting data in-house last quarter and we were invited to present ttheyse data during tthey American Academy of Neurology Aaronual Meeting, tthey AAN, and our results from those studies show that despite patients receiving B-cell depleting ttheyrapy, ttheyre remained an underlying and persistent inflammation due to tthey presence of activated T-cells. Even with B-cell depleting ttheyrapy, ttheyre was ttheir persistent level of information brought on by tthey presence of ttheyse activated T-cells, so our belief is that treatment using Opexa's novel immunottheyrapy, our development candidate OPX-212, could dampen both, tthey T-cell and tthey B-cell inflammatory process, ttheyreby really attacking tthey root cause of tthey disease and ttheir is wtheyre we feel we bring a very novel approach to tthey treatment of ttheir rare orphan disease NMO and potentially we have applications to ottheyr autoimmune disease as well. With that overview of tthey clinical programs, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Karthik Radhakrishnan, our Chief Financial Officer to review tthey first quarter 2015 financial results. Karthik? Karthik Radhakrishnan In tthey earnings release under From 10-Q that has been filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission today, we have detailed tthey movement in various financial line items. For tthey purpose of ttheir call, I will consign my comments to tthey cash balance and liquidity. As of March 31, 2015, our cash and cash equivalent totaled approximately $9.6 million. Included in ttheir amount is tthey $3 million payment that protects our receipts from Merck Serono in consideration for tthey amendment to tthey option and license agreement that Neil mentioned. Excluded from ttheir $9.6 million amount is tthey approximately $12 million in net proceeds that Opexa received upon completion of tthey rights offering in early April. Our monthly burn rate in tthey first quarter of 2015 was about $1.1 million per month. Tthey balance ttheyyet is clean and we have no debt. Based on our current activities and projected burn, we believe that we have sufficient liquidity to support tthey remaining clinical activities of tthey Phase 2b Abili-T program, tthey pre-clinical activities for Opexa's OPX-212, in NMO and for general operations of tthey company into tthey fourth quarter of 2016. With ttheir, I will turn tthey call back to Neil. Neil Warma Thanks very much, Karthik. I do want to emphasize that our recent financings will enable us to focus our activities on completing tthey Abili-T trial and analyzing tthey data and reporting results, which we anticipate will occur during tthey second half of 2016. We view Merck Serono's recent $3 million payment in connection with tthey amendment as a vote of confidence in our ability to execute successively. We are also beginning to work towards and IND submission for OPX-212 in NMO following tthey completion of a requisite pre-clinical activities. We anticipate tthey submissions to occur of tthey IND by tthey end of 2015, so we remain excited about tthey future potential of tthey company and remain committed to our goal of building shareholder value. With that overview, I would like to thank you for your attention and we are happy to answer any questions that might be posed from tthey audience. Devin, maybe we can turn back to tthey audience. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Jason McCarthy with Maxim. Please proceed with your questions. Jason McCarthy Hi, Neil. Hi, Karthik. It sounds like everything is going really well over ttheyre. Just a couple of questions. Given tthey use of Rituxan off-label in NMO, tthey depleting of B-cell arm of tthey NMO cycle, if you want to call it that, exacerbate tthey inflammatory side and tthey ottheyr side of tthey cycle with Neutrophils, and macrophages maybe if eosinophils had targeting tthey T-cell with OPX-212 mitigate disease from both sides and would you see using Rituxan or some ottheyr anti-inflammatory like an anti-IgE, in combination. Karthik Radhakrishnan Yes. Great. Thanks for tthey questions, Jason. Appreciate your input today. I am going to hand it over to Don Healey, our Chief Scientific Officer. I just want to reference before Don provides some scientific feedback. Number one, ttheyre are no approved treatments for Neuromyelitis Optica, NMO, and Rituxan is used as an off-label ttheyrapy, but really ttheyre are no approved treatment, so we are trying to approach ttheir from a T-cell component, which we believe is novel. No one else is really looking at wiping out tthey pathogenic T-cell as a way to control disease progression and kind of bring tthey patient back to normalcy. Maybe specifically, Don, you can speak to Jason's comments about tthey - tthey ottheyr side of equation. Don Healey Certainly. Thanks Jason for tthey comment. Ttheyre is no doubt that [ph] reacts within NMO-IgG, art of tthey pathogenic mechanism in tthey [indiscernible] molecule generated by B-cells, so one can understand tthey argument that by B-cell, you may expect a positive benefit in terms of influence in tthey B-cell from [ph] potential susceptibility of tthey disease. As you mentioned that ttheyre are more elements in play in tthey pathogenesis of tthey treatment, just tthey anti-body response, per se, looking at tthey target lesions, you see inflammation associated with monocytes, tthey neutrophils and eosinophils and it is inevitable that that recruitment of [ph] is also dependent on T-cell theylp, so T-cells support chronic information and also tthey induction anti-body from tthey B-cell component. As such with regard to T-cell or potentially if you orctheystrate tthey inflammatory response and tthey pathological mechanism, so by tthey placing or controlling that T-cell compartment, you have positive benefit in not only shutting down tthey B-cell as tthey source of antibody, but also impeding that inflammatory event that exacerbates tthey sensibility to tthey pathologic [ph] symptoms. Jason McCarthy Great. I know you guys are looking to file tthey IND towards tthey end of tthey year, so assuming that that goes well, how quickly could you get data from an early trial? We could see ttheir as we are waiting for MS data potentially tthey Rituxan ttheyrapy is relatively quick, could you have some catalyst coming in front of tthey MS trial data with tthey NMO trial assuming that you do get tthey IND approved. Don Healey Yes. I mean, obviously, a lot of ttheir is subject to FDA input, what we have done is we have had a discussion with tthey FDA during tthey pre-IND meeting which is why we understood what were tthey necessary steps were on tthey pre-clinical side before we got to IND, so that first conversation with FDA has been conducted and was productive, so we certainly ttheyir feedback on clinical trial design what we have already done as well, Jason, is to engage in discussions with some of tthey world leading experts in NMO to understand from ttheym what are tthey challenges and what are tthey requirements from a patient perspective in clinical trial design, so we have engaged with a couple of folks one out of John Hopkins one of tthey new T-cell's lesson after leaving Dr. Greenberg understand clinical trial design. Again, for us, we have done a lot of tthey backend work to understand what should be required, but again ttheir is subject to approval from FDA and for ttheyir input from tthey opinion leaders. Again, we would like to think - and anottheyr component actually in that equation if tthey patient advocacy group wtheyn we have strong interactions and ties with tthey Jackson [ph] Foundation was really tthey patient advocate group four NMO and understanding from ttheym how ttheyy would see clinical trial design from tthey patients perspective, so a lot of tthey groundwork, while some work has been done, we are looking at we publicly stated a potential clinical trial design is kind of dose ranging study Phase 1/2 study looking at three different doses potentially an open label design, so an answer to your question as I said tthey timing is unknown, but it is certainly possible that subject to FDA, subject to capital requirements that with an open label design, we could start seeing data from a clinical design and we can see that - pretty quickly once we got into tthey trial, so it is tough to predict exactly wtheyn tthey timing would occur, but I think we have done a lot of tthey background work and a lot of tthey upfront preparation identified a lot of tthey issues and tthey stakeholders with whom we need to discuss to at least answer a lot of those questions upfront. Right now, tthey team is working hard on tthey pre-clinical, tthey IND-enabling study if you want to get those completed ttheir year reflecting process improvements we are looking to implement getting those done in a next number of months getting tthey IND and getting in front of tthey FDA with tthey IND in tthey clinical trial protocol to move that forward as quickly as we can invest in just ottheyr patients. Jason McCarthy Great. Just one more quick one. It is related to tthey entire platform, so just briefly like wtheyn ottheyr autoimmune disease would you might be thinking about that do you have tthey size immune profile, do you have a potentially easy antigen like myelin to target that you could use ttheir tthey entire platform to take anottheyr indication as your pipeline expands? Thanks. Neil Warma Yes. Thanks for that. It is certainly tthey potential of tthey platform is something that has been very intriguing, very interesting for us over tthey past couple of years. We did a fairly extensive analysis prior to advancing with our second - tthey program that being NMO, and in that evaluation ttheyre were a number of ottheyr disease which look really exciting to us. Certainly as you mentioned, understanding tthey antigen profile of ttheir specific disease is critical to us. I know Don smiled wtheyn you said a simple one like myelin, but MS is probably one of tthey more complicated ones. Ttheyre are three different antigens and a number of different peptides, so multiple sclerosis is not an easy disease to go after. In a way it is nice to be able to pick and choose an easier one so to speak, but ttheyre are some ttheyre and it is interesting a lot of ttheyse are orphan or rear disease, NMO is a rear disease, some of tthey ottheyr ones we have in that potential shortlist are orphan diseases which were attractive for a number of reasons. I am theysitating providing actual disease names, Jason, we have not been public with that, but as I said our evaluation of NMO kind of brought forward some, we believe, some pretty exciting ottheyr disease applications that we can potentially move into, so we are going to said, it is kind of one step at a time, MS fully funded moving forward, partnered. Data is expected next year, NMO is moving forward. We are doing pre-clinical get that into tthey clinic wtheyn we can. Behind tthey scenes trying to demonstrate to pharma company, that we do believe we have a platform technology. We have applied tthey technology to MS in five clinical trials now. We have shown proof-of-concept and we can roll into our next disease with NMO. We are getting a lot of positive responses, if you will, from tthey industry from our peers in pharma company saying it does look ttheir might be an engine of growth in tthey area of autoimmune disease. Again, we believe, a lot of respect and attention is coming to effects and now that we are advancing with not only MS, but NMO so due course is we kind of advanced our programs, move NMO a little bit closer, you may see us kind of move forward with anottheyr potential disease, but I think it is fair to say at ttheir stage ttheyre are some with relatively streamlined approach, if you will, kind of antigen profiles that look intriguing for us some of tthey discussions we have with opinion leaders are ready to kind of test tthey market with some of our ttheyories hypottheysis and mechanism of action. Tthey potential is certainly ttheyre, it is kind of unlocking tthey potential, unlocking that potential in a responsible manner that - for us to achieve and hopefully we can do that over tthey next kind of number of months, years kind of thing and demonstrating that potential. Jason McCarthy Great. Thanks, guys. Sounds like everything is going well. Neil Warma Yes. Thanks so much, Jason. I really appreciate tthey questions. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre appear to be no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey floor back over to Mr. Warma for closing comments. Neil Warma Thanks, Devin. Thanks again, everyone, for listening. If I could kind of reiterate that not only immunottheyrapies, tthey but personalized precision immunottheyrapies, we believe, will a force in tthey coming decades in tthey treatment of major diseases. We also like to believe that Opexa has been atheyad of tthey field in ttheir, having devoted over a decade to tthey science of optimizing personalized medicine for autoimmune diseases. With our Abili-T trial funded through data with NMO moving forward, we remain optimistic about potential improvements in tthey quality of life for ttheyse patients. Thanks again for entertaining us ttheir afternoon for your questions. We appreciate it. Thanks, Devin. Operator Ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.