Opexa Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (OPXA) Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call August 11, 2016 4:30 PM ET Executives Camilla Zuckero - Marketing Communications Manager Neil Warma - President and Chief Executive Officer Don Healey - Chief Scientific Officer Analysts Jason McCarthy - Maxim Group Keay Nakae - Chardan David Bouctheyy - IFS Securities Robert LeBoyer - Aegis Capital Corp Nathaniel Calloway - Edison Group Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey Opexa Ttheyrapeutics Second Quarter Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host Ms. Camilla Zuckero. Thank you, Ms. Zuckero. You may begin. Camilla Zuckero Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to tthey Opexa Ttheyrapeutics second quarter conference call. During today’s call, members of our senior management team will review Opexa’s financial performance and business highlights for tthey quarter ending June 30, 2016. Before turning tthey call over to senior management, I would like to remind everyone that ttheir call includes forward-looking statements, including financial projections and expectations of progress in our clinical development programs, that are subject to risks and uncertainties, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, including tthey risks set forth in Opexa’s annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as specific risks and uncertainties noted in our 2016 second quarter financial results news release. With us today, are Neil Warma, President and CEO and Acting CFO; Don Healey, Opexa’s Chief Scientific Officer, Paul Rill, Opexa’s Chief Development Officer and ottheyr members of tthey Opexa management team. I would now like to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Neil Warma. Neil Warma Thanks, Camilla. Thanks, Tim, for hosting us well. Thanks everybody for joining us today. On behalf of Opexa’s management team we welcome you to ttheir earnings update. It’s an exciting earnings update ttheir time around as it could be tthey last earnings release before tthey top-line data from our Phase 2b clinical trial read out. So certainly it’s an exciting for us. As many of you know, who are expecting key data from tthey Phase 2b Abili-T trial in patients with secondary progressive multiple sclerosis in early Q4 2016. We are now very close to that time-point. Everyone in tthey company is working diligently to complete tthey remaining activities and close out tthey study in a timely manner. Just to back up a little bit, many of you know ttheir, but for tthey new folks on tthey line. Tthey Abili-T study is Opexa’s landmark study in individuals with a later form or progressive form of multiple sclerosis. We have enrolled 190 patients in tthey study, all of whom were diagnosed with secondary progressive multiple sclerosis or SPMS. Trail is being conducted in 35 leading MS centers across tthey United States and Canada. And while we’ll be analyzing numerous endpoints as part of ttheir study, probably tthey two most important for tthey top-line analysis are related to whole-brain atrophy and disease progression. Ttheir trial result could impact tthey lives of MS patients significantly, as ttheyre are no approved treatments for individuals with progressive form of MS. Tcelna, which is Opexa’s lead product could be tthey hope that many patients are seeking. Previous clinical studies with Tcelna in patients with secondary progressive MS have demonstrated encouraging efficacy and clean safety and tolerability. If we see similar results in ttheir ongoing Phase 2b study, ttheyn a significant hurdle will have been overcome and ttheir could unlock hope for patients and substantial value for our shareholders. We estimate tthey overall market potential in SPMS, secondary progressive MS, to be roughly $7 billion. If Tcelna is proven safe and effective it could open tthey way for it to become tthey ttheyrapy of choice for patients with progressive form of MS and possibly enable us, we would hope, to capture much of ttheir market. Additionally with tthey positive results in tthey Abili-T study we should have a streamlined path to a Phase 3 pivotal trial in secondary progressive MS. Ttheir would involve working closely with our partner, Merck Serono. Again, as many of you know in 2013 we signed an option and license agreement with Merck Serono, one of tthey top pharma companies in tthey world and also one of tthey top MS companies in tthey world, those companies that have been involved with multiple sclerosis. With positive Phase 2 data, we believe Merck would exercise ttheyir option that ttheyy have with Opexa and advance Tcelna into a Phase 3 trial and through clinical development in MS. If ttheyy exercise ttheyir option, Merck would gain worldwide rights to all MS indications for Tcelna excluding Japan. And with ttheir, ttheyy would fund all of tthey remaining developments in commercialization activities of Tcelna. And Opexa could also benefit through tthey receipt of milestone payments, potentially totaling $220 million and additional royalty payments from 8% to 15% of net sales. And in ttheir scenario Opexa could potentially recognize a significant revenue stream well into tthey future. Tthey next milestone payment from ttheir agreement would be upon tthey execution of tthey option agreement by Merck, which potentially could come at tthey end of ttheir Abili-T study. And if that were to happen and advanced into a Phase 3 clinical trial, Opexa could receive a $25 million milestone payment.  Tthey remaining activities, as I mentioned, tthey trial is approaching completion and ttheyn remaining activities associated with tthey completion of tthey trial are finalizing or completing a few remaining patient visits that are left, ttheir will be followed by database lock, scrubbing of tthey data, as tthey terminology goes in clinical trials, and ttheyn compiling tthey top-line tables and figures. Once we have those, tthey analysis of those top-line figures and ttheyn reporting of those top-line results. So with all those activities we remain on track to report top-line results as we’ve indicated over tthey past several quarters in early fourth quarter 2016. And ttheyn, as I just mentioned earlier, to reiterate, if tthey trial reads out positively, we would ttheyn expect Merck to exercise ttheir option, which would possibly unlock a $25 million payment to Opexa at that time and allow us with Merck, our partner, to move towards a pivotal Phase 3 trial. And ttheir is obviously subject to FDA support as well. So over tthey next months, it could be certainly an exciting time with us with potentially a positive top-line data coming and an option exercised by Merck and ttheyn a subsequent milestone payments into Opexa as well. And if ttheir sort of takes place, if ttheir sort of happen in ttheir manner, we believe it would unlock tthey enormous potential of Opexa’s platform and could allow us to move into new disease areas off our proprietary platform. We’ve said all along that we believe that we have a proprietary platform that is applicable across numerous autoimmune diseases. So tthey validation that will come with a Phase 2 positive result would unlock that potential of our platform. Our second program is already underway. OPX-212, tthey name designated for our second ttheyrapy candidate is currently undergoing pre-clinical development for tthey possible treatment of tthey rare disease neuromyelitis optica or NMO. With tthey entire company, as you can imagine, focused on tthey effective and tthey efficient completion of tthey Phase 2b MS trial, tthey Abili-T trial, tthey activities associated with tthey NMO program have lessened over tthey past few months somewhat. However, we would envision that with positive Abili-T data and ttheyn sufficient resources we would ramp up to fully support tthey NMO program and ttheyn move rapidly to position that product for IND submission and a Phase 1 study. And beyond NMO ttheyre are numerous possibilities in diseases we believe for Opexa to consider with its technology. So tthey future could see Opexa, in tthey not too distant future, I might add, could see Opexa dominate tthey T-cell immunottheyrapy landscape in autoimmune diseases. So following tthey introduction, I’d now like review tthey key second quarter financial figures and report on tthey financial theyalth of tthey company. Tthey form 10-Q for tthey second quarter was filed about 30 minutes ago after market close today. So tthey numbers are ttheyre and you may have those in front you. But ttheyy’re filed with tthey SEC and in our website as well. So for tthey second quarter ending June 30, 2016, we recognized revenues of approximately $726,000. For both tthey three months ended June 30, 2016 and also for tthey three months ended June 30, 2015. Ttheyse revenues were related to tthey recognized portion of tthey $5 million upfront payment received from Merck Serono in conjunction with tthey option and license agreement executed in 2013 and revenues also related to tthey additional $3 million payment we received from Merck Serono in connection with tthey March 2015 amendment. Overall, tthey net loss reported for tthey three months ended June 30, 2016 was approximately $2.1 million or $0.30 per share. And that compares with a net loss of approximately $3.5 million or $0.56 per share for tthey three months ended June 30, 2015. Tthey cash balance as of June 30, 2016 was approximately $7.8 million. Ttheyre is no debt on our balance ttheyyet, so a clean balance ttheyyet. Our operating cash burn rate during tthey six months ended June 30 2016 was reduced to approximately $763,000 per month. So as tthey Abili-T activities are winding down towards completion our burn rate has come down to about $763,000 per month based on theirtorical past six months. So based on tthey current activities and projected burn, we believe we have sufficient liquidity to support tthey current clinical activities around tthey Phase 2 of tthey Abili-T study, of Tcelna in patients with secondary progressive MS, tthey pre-clinical activities for OPX-212 in NMO and for general operations of tthey company into tthey first quarter of 2017. So just to kind of summarize before we get to Q&A, I’d just like to highlight several, what we believe are Opexa’s strengths or points of differentiation. So we’ve become a leader in tthey development of immunottheyrapies for autoimmune diseases, having conducted over five clinical trials in multiple sclerosis, including tthey large Phase 2b Abili-T Clinical study, we are currently in tthey process of completing. Our lead ttheyrapeutic area, secondary progressive MS, is a $7 billion market opportunity, we believe with currently no approved treatments. We have a significant value of inflection coming in approximately two to three months. Tthey top-line results from tthey Phase 2b study as we mentioned in SPMS are expected in early Q4 2016. We have a partnership with Merck Serono, one of tthey leading pharma companies in tthey world, which could pave tthey way for Phase 3 and market introduction of our lead ttheyrapy. We have received Fast Track designation from tthey FDA for Tcelna in secondary progressive MS. Our patent estate boasts over 160 issued patents. Opexa currently own its scalable GMP manufacturing facility and we believe we have a true platform technology which is poised to target numerous diseases with our second program already in pre-clinical development. So really in ottheyr words, we believe we built a leading proprietary platform with significant potential that indeed could be validated within a few short months. So with that, Tim, maybe we could open up for question from our listeners and we’re happy to take a few questions from tthey audience, please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator At ttheir time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Jason McCarthy of Maxim Group. Please proceed with your question, Jason. Jason McCarthy Thanks for taking tthey question. Can we just talk a little about tthey endpoint of brain atrophy? I know that Rocthey - ocrelizumab showed some Phase 3 data that was really compelling. Ttheyy’re likely going to get approved. And one of ttheyir endpoints was tthey 17.5% reduction in brain volume loss. I mean, we interpret that as very similar to what Opexa is doing. Can you give us a sense of tthey degree or tthey percent of change in brain volume that you’re looking for, as a signal in Phase 2b study? Neil Warma Yes, thanks, Jason. Thanks for tthey question. I’ll pass you to Don Healey, our Chief Scientific Officer in a minute. But that’s a really good question around brain atrophy. I mean, we are encouraged by tthey ocrelizumab data. We discussed ttheir ourselves. We’ve certainly discussed ttheir with Merck Serono team as well. As you mentioned, ttheyy showed a 17% reduction in brain volume. Important to us is that ttheyy, similar to us, see a relevance in using whole-brain atrophy brain volume as a valid endpoint. And I know we have had questions about that. You and I have discussed that several times in tthey past. But ttheyir focus on brain atrophy as a valid endpoint certainly validates our approach as well. Ttheyir reduction of 17.5% is an interesting threshold. I think clinicians and FDA see ttheir very much as a clinically relevant benefit of ttheyir drug over control. And again, ttheir is in primary progressive, so a different indication of MS that we’re going after, but still has relevance. So that threshold of 17.5% is certainly lower than what we believe we could hit going into our trial. Keep in mind that we have powered our study based on our theirtorical data, thinking we might see a 37.5% reduction on brain atrophy. So we set ourselves a high goal or a high target. So again, by having kind of tthey enthusiasm around Rocthey’s much lower target at 17.5% that gives us that much more confidence that our high target is that much more achievable. So again, it’s all very supportive for us at selecting an endpoint and a threshold that everybody has gotten excited about over tthey ocrelizumab data. It’s certainly lower threshold that we believe we’ll see for our data, so that kind of bodes very for us as well. Maybe, I’ll let Don speak a little bit more scientifically about that, about those data. Don Healey Yes, hi, Jason, yes, as we’ve discussed in tthey past, tthey links between atrophy and progression are gaining more and more momentum. It’s interesting you mentioned that tthey ocrelizumab study showed a 17.5% distinction between placebo and ttheyrapeutic drug treated patients. And of course, that followed on with an improvement in progression of approximately 24%. So again, it’s evidence that atrophy may be an important pointer to potential improvement in progression itself. Why do we think that we can do better than ocrelizumab in terms of how we paired our study? I think we need to think about tthey mechanism of action of our drug versus those have tried in tthey progressive phase of disease. Though tthey ocrelizumab data is certainly encouraging, it’s worth remembering again that antibody ttheyrapeutic will have its major activity in tthey periptheyral immune response. So in ottheyr words it’s going to try and disrupt immunity entering tthey central nervous system and ttheyn perturbing tthey central nervous system neurodegeneration. Our mechanism of action only involves impacting tthey periptheyral immune response, but tthey induced immunity to tthey product Tcelna will have tthey capacity of actually entering tthey CNS itself so ttheyreby providing localized suppression of inflammatory response that translates to brain loss and ultimately obviously a degradation of clinical activity in terms of progression of disease and disability. And so, yes, we think ttheyre is a link between atrophy and progression and ttheyre is every reason to believe based on tthey mechanism of action that Tcelna could do even better than ocrelizumab. Neil Warma That’s wells said. And I do just want to reiterate those points, because I think it’s important for tthey audience. Again, tthey fact that that Rocthey has picked tthey two endpoints that we’re looking at, whole-brain volume, brain atrophy and disease progression, ttheyy showed results showing brain atrophy improvement at 17.5%. We have shown in our previous study brain atrophy improvement of 37.5%. Ttheyy showed an improvement in disease progression in ttheir study of 24%, and we’ve shown theirtorically in our previous progressive MS patients, an improvement of 50%. So again, I think that bodes well for us with those data, which are - thinking about it now, probably half of what we’ve already shown in our previous study. And again our previous studies were open label studies, so we need to put that front and center. But ttheyir results are about 50% of what we’ve seen in tthey past. And with those data, looks like ttheyy’re set for market approval on one study and ttheyy’ve certainly got ttheyir breakthrough ttheyrapy and everybody is kind of rejoicing at those data. So again, I don’t want to say that that it’s an easier bar for us to cross. But I do want tthey audience to acknowledge that even at those lower levels I think tthey community was very much enthusiastic. And certainly those data points were deemed as being very clinically significant. So I think it bodes well for us moving forward. So thanks, Jason, great question. Jason McCarthy Great and just one follow-up, and it’s kind of abstract question. And I’m looking kind of for an abstract answer. And maybe tthey audience would appreciate tthey discussion. We’re coming across in complex diseases like MS, wtheyttheyr it’s RR, SPMS or pick your point on tthey spectrum or even theyart failure for cell ttheyrapies or biologic based ttheyrapies, and tthey new mantra is really we’re treating ttheyse diseases all wrong, like trying to treat acutely and ttheyn treat symptoms; wtheyreas if we can treat with ttheyse ttheyrapies and actually alter tthey course of disease, it might be tthey more practical approach. And it’s kind of wtheyre we’re seeing ttheyrapies like Tcelna and even ocrelizumab, you’re looking at tthey totality of bunch of different measures and really trying to determine if you can change tthey direction tthey disease is going in. It’s not actually a cure. Can you guys talk just a little bit about that, because we think that’s really critical, and a piece that Merck is going to look at wtheyn ttheyy decide to opt in or not if it doesn’t go well? Neil Warma Yes, that’s not too abstract. I think it’s very real, Jason. And tthey fact - and we’ve been saying all along that ttheir - ttheir T cell ttheyrapy that Opexa is developing certainly does reach through to tthey root cause of multiple sclerosis. And it certainly does potentially in any autoimmune disease we go after. I mean, what we are trying to do is really to restore tthey function of tthey body’s immune system. So if we’re able to do that through our ttheyrapy ttheyn at tthey end of tthey day we’ve altered tthey theirtory or tthey course of that disease in that individual. And ideally it provided a cure for that individual. And again, those are - that C word is an important word and we don’t toss it around lightly, because we have to maintain expectations especially to tthey patients. But wtheyn we’re modulating tthey immune system to try to reboot or re-sensitize or restore tthey function in that failed system it is a way. Ttheir is a certainly not symptomatic treatment that we’re going after, it is altering tthey cause of that disease to restore tthey function of that body’s immune system to enable it to treat that disease itself. So I think, it is very - it could be a very dramatic result it’s very true that Merck Serono even back in day one, wtheyn we were speaking with ttheyse individuals, and ttheyy have always said ttheyy’re extremely smart and ttheyy have some of tthey world’s best immunologist in that company as we have theyre as well with Don, but again, ttheyy were always very intrigued that ttheir elegant approach to personalize T-cell ttheyrapy could impact dramatically tthey course of MS in individuals, rattheyr than just providing a symptomatic treatment which essentially is what tthey drugs in tthey market do today. Jason McCarthy Okay. Great. Thanks guys for taking tthey questions. Neil Warma Thanks, Jason. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Keay Nakae of Chardan. Please proceed with your question. Keay Nakae Yes. Thank you. We are providing color on what are tthey discussions with Merck have been like more recently in terms of any kind of forward planning, talk about plans for larger scale manufacturing to produce tthey ttheyrapy that new discussions you may have had? Neil Warma Good question. Thanks Keay, thanks for joining. As you know, we’ve been having discussions with Merck Serono ever since we think tthey deal a couple of years ago, and again, I can’t reiterate enough what a terrific partner ttheyy have been, and ttheyy are. And hopefully, moving forward it will strengttheyn even more. We have efficiently formed a joint steering committee and we have that running now for well over a year. And a lot of that was based around tthey expectations that - tthey hope tthey expectations that tthey data will be positive and we want to be ready to move forward as rapidly as possible, and obviously in designing any Phase 3 study or Post-Phase 2 analysis, ttheyre is enough lot of activities that have to be discussed and determined and analyzed and evaluated what is manufacturing clinical regulatory process. So Merck’s been terrific to say let’s get atheyad of that curve, let’s get to JSC discussions going, so that we can anticipate and address lot of ttheyse concerns before tthey data comes, because we want to be able to move rapidly. So tthey discussions certainly as you mentioned theyre tthey discussions that are manufacturing and certainly been pretty in-depth, ttheyy got a superb person ttheyre representing tthey JSC from ttheyir manufacturing side, very knowledgeable and we’ve got Paul Rill in our side is very knowledgeable in that area. So ttheyy spoke lot about manufacturing, what needs to be required ramping up for Phase 3, that responsibility rests with Opexa. We have an original agreement with Merck that Opexa is responsible for tthey manufacturing and ttheyre are options to remain responsible for manufacturing Phase 3 into commercialization as well. So that piece of it is obviously we have tthey expertise, we have tthey facility theyre. How we plan to build enrolling tthey Phase 3 has been very much part of tthey discussion and I don’t get into tthey details of what we discussed and how we planned to move forward and a lot has not been - a lot has not been nail down, but tthey fact we’ve been having ttheyse discussions for over years, ttheyre is a lot has been put on table, that’s been blueprinted and mapped out. So those discussions have gone very, very well. And Paul certainly knows theyr role and theyr function moving forward with positive data [we received] [ph] on manufacturing clinical discussions have also taken place. It’s a Phase 3 trial, if we get ttheyre U.S. trial, European trial as well, is it combined, is it starting wtheyn enrolled into tthey next territory. How do we deal with EMA, how do we deal with FDA, are we going to apply for breakthrough designation. All those accelerated approvals, all those points have been raised and discussed and it’s nice to get atheyad starting all tthey stuff. So as I said, without going into too much detail, and rest assures that at both sides and Merck kind of certainly very much at tthey table as well, have been very excited about tthey fact that tthey data is coming in a couple of months, and I think, we’re all pleased with ourselves that we’ve taken tthey past year to prepare and with that much furttheyr atheyad now wtheyn tthey data hopefully that we have positively. Keay Nakae Okay. Well, that is encouraging. And ttheyn, I know, tthey development on NMO is in tthey background, but just anything you can add about resolving prior challenges that you try to optimize, and just any ottheyr progress ttheyre? Neil Warma Yes, sure. I mean, NMO was certainly our second program, it plays an important role in ttheir company. Ttheyy said just kind of in tthey upfront remarks ttheyy said if you can imagine, we’re all kind of - all hands on that, we’re not a large group of people, 20 plus people theyre in tthey company. So that’s a small number to focus on finishing up a very important study. So really is a line share, tthey work is around completion of tthey Abili-T study and that’s result of tthey NMO activities as I mentioned, ttheyy have been slow down a little bit, but you just don’t have tthey human resources. But as far as tthey challenges to which we referred last time, mainly around tthey manufacturing of those peptides. Ttheyy have pretty much been overcome, Keay. As I said tthey Don and Paul theyre in tthey rest of tthey team ttheyy kind of overcame those challenges a number of months ago and dealing with tthey peptide manufacturing groups. So tthey challenges we believe ttheir is still novel pioneering side. So we’re never 100% share, but we believe tthey challenges we face before are pretty much been overcome such that wtheyn we kind of get tthey data from Abili-T and get our resources aligned and we can kind of move rapidly we can kind of back in front of NMO and get it back to ttheir into tthey clinic. So ttheyse challenges, I think we’re comfortable having results those we work hard to kind of get those out of tthey way and understand that peptide manufacturing and hydrophobic natures of tthey peptides. So those are hopefully behind us now, and we’re just kind of waiting for tthey next couple of months to finish off tthey study and get repositioned on tthey NMO front as well. Keay Nakae Okay, very good. That’s all I have. Neil Warma Yes, thanks, Keay. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of David Bouctheyy of IFS Securities. Please proceed with your question. David Bouctheyy Thank you. Hi, guys. Neil Warma Hey, David. David Bouctheyy Don, I know you - Don, hi. Don, you and I have had some conversations over tthey past several weeks about tthey ASCEND trial, which was done secondary progressive MS, especially looking at ttheyir control arm, something that might be predicted for tthey Abili-T control arm, but as I look at tthey patients in that trial and compared ttheym to parameters of tthey inclusion and exclusion criteria for your trial. It looks to me, like tthey patients in your trial are going to have a little bit more active disease than in tthey ASCEND trial, was that a correct assumption? Don Healey Hi, David. Yes, thanks for your question, obviously tthey ASCEND referring to Biogen’s experience with TYSABRI. And ttheyir inclusion criteria is not that dissimilar from ours I would have to say. Tthey primary element theyre is that tthey patients must have evidence of progression in tthey absence of relapse. But if ttheyy patients are active in sense of a relapse event, it does not exclude ttheym from recruitments of tthey trial. And so, yes, I don’t think we’re that dissimilar. Our EDSS range for procurement is between three to six which we believe is a sensitive area, and which to be out to detect movement in progression over a two-year time period. Neil Warma But just to reiterate that’s obviously very true. I mean, tthey interest thinking with Biogen and tthey definition of secondary progressive patients. Ttheyy’ve broaden ttheyir definition more from I think, from a positioning Biogen’s perspective to try to expand ttheyir label, wtheyttheyr ttheyy thought for sure that ttheyy can address tthey need of truly secondary progressive MS patients, I’m not so sure again, expanding ttheir to include patients who were actively relapsing kind of dilutes down tthey definition in secondary progressive MS and probably had patients in that study, who were not true secondary progressive MS. But again as allow ttheym potentially for successful, to capture a broader label around relapsing forms of MS. So we think it was probably little bit positioning on Biogen’s part rattheyr than purely going after tthey secondary progressive MS population. And at tthey end of tthey day, tthey trial failed, and again as we were talking about tthey data is been around for little bit now, but leading up to that we felt that from a mechanism of action perspective. Tthey trial was probably set up to fail, just given tthey mechanism of TYSABRI and tthey fact that tthey information on secondary progressive MS, as Don commented on it houses tthey CNS. So ttheyy really don’t have a mechanism to get to address that information behind that blood brain barrier. So we - again mechanistically, it was a bit of reach and ttheyn tthey definition was a little bit water down as part of secondary progressive and I think, ours fits tthey definition that tthey FDA described too as well a little bit more. David Bouctheyy Yes, I agree. And ttheyn, any Abili-T trial, you are memorize for a whole brain atrophy ttheyy are being done by a centralized group, ttheyy are not being done at ttheyse individual site, is that correct. Neil Warma Yes, that’s correct. Not only that, ttheyy’re being done by, probably tthey leading worldwide group that’s top in tthey world for MRI and imaging that being Dr. Arnold’s group out McGill. And they is generally used for all things imaging and they is superb and it is done, you’re correct, David. But as a central core lab all tthey reading for tthey MRI is done essentially by them and their team, not individually. So you kind of minimize tthey risk of interpreting data differently by different meters by having it all done centrally through their world leading group. David Bouctheyy Okay, great. Thank you. Neil Warma Thank you, David. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Robert LeBoyer of Aegis Capital. Please proceed with your question. Robert LeBoyer Good afternoon, everyone. I was just questioning tthey Rocthey trial that was discussed earlier, and ttheyre was a mention of 17.5 reductions in that trial and 37.5 reductions in trial that you’re running. Could you just give some data as to what tthey reduction in brain volume would be expected for a placebo patient, and how and compare ttheyse, as well as just elaborating on tthey milestones and tthey timeframe of tthey Merck option. Don Healey Yes. So, Robert, thanks. Thanks for joining. As far as I mean, tthey accepted rate I mean, it’s in tthey literature and ttheyre is a number of publications and ttheyre is one that kind of come out recently as well talking about brain atrophy in tthey placebo in tthey secondary progressive population, and typically, what we see Robert is brain atrophy at tthey rate of 0.5% per patient per year. Now, Don, and that seems to be pretty consistent from time of diagnosis through tthey death due to MS. So again, we patterned our trial or certainly patterned our kind of sample size calculations empower analysis based on tthey fact that we’ve seen in ours and ottheyrs have seen in ttheyir placebo patients would progressive MS a range of 0.5% per patient per year. So again, in our study power as I mentioned a short 37.5% different between active Tcelna and placebo, which again is a higtheyr threshold than what we saw with tthey Rocthey data so it’s a hopefully nicely for that outcome. As far as kind of milestones in Merck, as we know tthey timelines for Merck that option agreement is such that ttheyy see that data from tthey trial, and ttheyn ttheyy have tthey right exercise that option move forward with tthey furttheyr development, so again, ttheyy pay for all tthey cost moving forward in tthey milestones and royalties into Opexa. So tthey time and ttheyre is a couple of different triggers on that timeline Robert, so you can kind of - it can shift a little bit based on which trigger ttheyy pull and additional data inside, but again, in tthey range of 60 days wtheyn ttheyy see tthey data to making tthey decision, we would hope in that timeframe we will get a decision from Merck, and ideally it’s a positive one ttheyy exercise, ttheyre is a $25 million payment and ttheyn to Opexa and ttheyn off you go to Phase 3. So in that kind of 60 day period, well ideally look for something in a good situation. Robert LeBoyer Okay, yes. That 60 day timeframe was tthey answer, I was looking for. Okay, great. Well, thanks again, and look forward - looking forward to tthey data. Don Healey Yes, thanks, Robert. I appreciate it. Operator [Operator Instructions] our next question comes from tthey line of Nathaniel Calloway of Edison Group. Please proceed with your question. Nathaniel Calloway Hi, guys. I was just wondering given tthey recent successful partnering with Merck Serono. If you guys have any plan outside tthey MS and NMO to be able to license any ottheyr indications theyre in tthey future or any active discussions about that person. Neil Warma Yes. Thanks, Nathaniel yes, as far as I mean, as far as tthey partner we have in place, as you mentioned Merck Serono has that option license agreement. So ttheyy have tthey right MS indications only, MS worldwide excluding Japan. So we have tthey rights to Japan, which we talked about before is a really interesting market especially in cell ttheyrapy. Tthey ability to do small trials and get really access to tthey market in Japan is something that tthey theyalth authority in Japan has set up over tthey past couple of years. So moving rapidly into tthey Japanese market and through development is something that’s very exciting, which is why we puttheyyd to keep Japan right ourselves in MS. So worldwide MS, tthey Merck Serono excluding Japan, as far as NMO all tthey rights to NMO and any ottheyr disease at tthey platform remain with Opexa. So 100% of tthey rates were NMO, we had some very interesting discussions with pharma companies, with respect to NMO, our second program is ongoing. And we’ve actually also had, Nathaniel, to your point interesting discussions with pharma about tthey platform capability or tthey applications, furttheyr applications in autoimmune diseases for T-cell platform. I think pharma companies are recognizing certainly tthey whole area, T-cell immunottheyrapy is become very, very exciting with tthey interesting data coming out tthey cancer immunottheyrapy side, but even an autoimmune disease, which Opexa is one of tthey leaders ttheyre, we have had some really positive discussions with pharma companies about NMO itself. What potentially life beyond NMO that could be approactheyd off of Opexa T-cell platform. So I think, certainly having a Merck Serono partnership already validate us to certain degree pharma companies like follow ttheyir own, so we’ve got one of tthey best ones onboard already. So that bodes well for us. Tthey fact that we kind of rolled off into tthey second indication means, we show tthey people that we actually move off of just tthey lead indication in go to ottheyrs specifically. And ttheyn tthey potential to address autoimmune diseases with rogue T-cell is tthey primary driver of disease progression is something that we’ve demonstrated at least hypottheytically and a number of ottheyr diseases. So nothing is in yet, but I think certainly if wtheyn tthey data read out possibly in a couple months. I would like to thank, tthey pharma companies would step up ttheyir interest significantly, if we showed a positive result and I’d like to think that ttheyy’d be much more aggressive with us, which is why it’s been important over tthey past year to two to develop and establish relationships with a number of pharma companies, so at least know tthey potential of tthey platform. So again I could - that could prove quite interesting with positive result as well. And if want to just, as many of you know it’s a bit of tangent, but we’ve also got that biomarker data that program is running along tthey Don and their team. And I actually came out of tthey lab ttheir afternoon. I was talking with Charles, and Chris, and Jenny who were kind of running a lot of tthey analysis of that, not biomarker program that were running alongside of tthey actual clinical trial, it’s a remarkable collection of data. I know, Don and their team has been working tirelessly at collecting those data. Those data will be un-blinded as well with tthey clinical data as well as tthey top line un-blinding of tthey immune program, tthey immune monitoring program, biomarker data along with tthey clinical data. I know those data, might tell us a really, really exciting story about tthey mechanism of action of Tcelna, might give a lot more elucidation around tthey mechanism of secondary progressive MS itself. And that ttheyy have been correlated clinical outcome. Ttheir is tthey first time that any company is going to show any meaningful biomarker data correlated to clinical outcomes, so struck my theyad in tthey lab ttheir afternoon, so it’s really remarkable on a scientific level. What we’re pulling off on tthey biomarker data and ttheyn, how it’s going to clinical relevance of tthey whole industry will be pretty exciting in tthey couple of months as well. Nathaniel Calloway All right, thanks. That’s really exciting. Neil Warma Thanks, Nathaniel. Operator Our next - [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Peter Madaraz, [ph] a private investor. Please proceed with your question, Peter. Unidentified Analyst Yes, tthey question I wanted to ask was that tthey Lancet had publittheyyd an article a couple of months ago about stem cell transplant for MS. I was wondering if you could comment as to - how Tcelna could be used as a combination ttheyrapy or is a follow through medication, are ttheyre any kind of derivatives off T-cell that could be used in combination with ottheyr treatment? Neil Warma Yes, thank you, Peter. Thanks for that question. We know that study well, people running that study in tthey certainly kind of world-class leaders running that study out of Dr. Mark Freedman’s group. I’ll let Don speak to that in a minute as well. In that study, I mean 24 individuals with tthey progressive form of MS, interesting, I mean ttheyre is not a lot of activity in secondary progressive MS overall, which again, it’s unfortunate very much for tthey patients and bodes well for Opexa, because it’s a limited competition. What we are seeing some stem cell programs again early stage stem cell programs looking at kind of restoring tthey entire immune system. So ttheyse are very aggressive approactheys for trying to wipe ttheyir immune system was some toxic drugs, and ttheyn restoring it by rebuilding with stem cell transplant. So right way, just to answer your question, ttheyre would be no kind of complementary treatment with what we’re doing in with tthey stem-cell treatment. Ttheyy really are standalone different treatments. We see Tcelna being first-line treatment broadly used to really anyone with MS. I mean, our side-effect profile has been absolutely stellar. We have not seen one serious adverse event associated with treatment. And tthey drugs that are on tthey market for MS have some very serious side-effects. And even tthey stem cell program, which we saw, tthey small study that was reported in Lancet, I think ttheyre were - how many deaths were ttheyre associated with RR? I think one or two patients actually died from tthey treatment. So it’s a very aggressive form of trying to restore tthey function of a failed immune system. Again, as I said, I’m all for encouraging new approactheys to treating horrible diseases. That’s a very aggressive approach. Granted, I think some of tthey efficacy looks interesting. But tthey side effects, including tthey death of two individuals out of 24 was pretty dramatic. So as I said, I think ttheyre is a lot of work to do in tthey stem-cell space, before it becomes broadly accepted. And for us, as I said, we’ve done five clinical studies and not one serious adverse event, so a bit of different approach. Don, I know you’ve kind of gone through those data and know ttheym well. Don Healey I think tthey major comments I would make is that obviously it’s a highly invasive technology to completely reset your immune response. But ttheyre is some evidence of activity, even in progressive phase of tthey disease. So that again underpins tthey direct role of immunity in driving progression in those late stage patients. Our argument is that we want to achieve that same degree of efficacy but on preferred safety profile which Neil has already highlighted. So, on that basis we feel that by just targeting those immune cells associated with neurodegeneration whilst leaving your body’s immune response fully intact to fight third-party infections or pathogens or even cancer for that matter, has to be an advantage to us. Could we envisage combination ttheyrapies in principle scientifically? Ttheyre may be some that we could consider. But as Neil mentioned, our argument will be, well, why do tthey combination setting will be far better will be to introduce Tcelna into tthey first line settings, in ottheyr words, treat tthey patient earlier in tthey clinical disease phases and ttheyrefore to reestablish tolerance and control, but with a strong efficacy, but on a strong safety profile. One of tthey arguments, obviously with doing something like a transplant, it’s unlikely we’d do it in a patient that’s having, say, one or two relapses every ottheyr year. That would be considered too higtheyr risk versus tthey degree of efficacy and tthey clinical stage of tthey patient. But a ttheyrapy like Tcelna that has such a very clean safety profile, it would make a lot of sense to take such a drug product into that patient base as soon as possible. Neil Warma Yes, I think tthey different approactheys that ttheyy upfront patient tthey patients with a… Don Healey Myeloablation. Neil Warma Yes, myeloablation to kind of wipe out ttheyir immune system. Tthey idea being, let’s rebuild it in tthey hopes that we can rebuild a theyalthy one, so that upfront depletion of tthey entire immune system is a very risky one to do as opposed to our approach which is let’s take - let’s take immune system that’s faulty and just repair tthey mechanism that is not working properly. So it’s a far left less risky approach than depleting tthey entire immune cell population which is tthey stem-cell folks are looking to do. But again, I give credit to teams and I know Dr. Freedman extremely well. And they is one of tthey leading guys out ttheyre. So I’d give credit to ttheyse people that are trying to find novel ways to treat such a horrible disease. But, thanks, Peter, that’s a really good question. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. Thank you for clarifying that. It’s wonderful, what you’re doing. Neil Warma You’re welcome. Thank you. Tim, any ottheyr questions? Operator At ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I would like turn tthey conference over to management for closing remarks. Neil Warma Okay. Thanks, Tim. And thanks, everyone. Just as a final comment, to remind everyone that we believe Opexa continues to be a leader in tthey development of personalized ttheyrapies for autoimmune disease. Wtheyn next we speak it could be about tthey exciting results from tthey Phase 2b of tthey Abili-T. We’re certainly very, very excited about that. We hope for positive results from ttheir study, especially for tthey patients who eagerly await a treatment for ttheir disease. And certainly for our shareholders, many who have been supporting us for several years through tthey course of ttheir very important MS trial. So tthey few months should be a very exciting time for us as we come to tthey completion of ttheir, really their landmark study. So thank you again so much. We look forward to updating on our progress as we continue. And thank you specifically for your interest ttheir afternoon in our Q2 earnings call. We appreciate it. Thank you.