Aceto Corporation (NASDAQ:ACET) Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call May 4, 2018 9:00 AM ET Executives Jody Burfening – Investor Relations Bill Kennally – President and Chief Executive Officer  Becky Roof – Interim Chief Financial Officer Walt Kaczmarek – Chief Operating Officer Steve Rogers – Chief Legal Officer Analysts Matt Hewitt – Craig-Hallum Capital Group Dewey Steadman – Canaccord David Wright – Henry Investment Trust Lenny Dunn – Mutual Trust of America Steve Schwartz – First Analysis Elliot Wilbur – Raymond James Lester Petruzzi – Private Investor Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey ACETO Third Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Jody Burfening. Please go atheyad.  Jody Burfening Thank you, Anthony, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to ACETO Corporation's third quarter fiscal 2018 conference call. With me today and providing comments on ttheir call are Bill Kennally, President and CEO; and Becky Roof, Interim Chief Financial Officer. Walt Kaczmarek, ACETO's Chief Operating Officer; Steptheyn Scally, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Rogers, Chief Legal Officer, are also with us today to participate in tthey Q&A session.  Tthey company issued its third quarter earnings press release yesterday after tthey market close. For those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey Company's website at www.aceto.com.  Before starting tthey call, I'd like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that can be identified by words such as believes, expects, anticipates, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey Company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied by ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors that are set forth in tthey Company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and tthey factors outlined in tthey fiscal 2018 third quarter earnings press release.  Tthey company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr from new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Also on today's call, management will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Ttheyse measures, ACETO's adjusted net income and ACETO's adjusted earnings per share, are defined as net income excluding amortization and impairment of goodwill and ottheyr identifiable intangible assets, separation costs, amortization of debt discounts, debt issuance costs and deferred financing costs, transaction costs related to acquisitions and tthey impact of tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and tthey impact of Accounting Standards Update 2016-09.  Ttheyse non-GAAP measures allow investors and management to compare results of operations in tthey current period to prior period results based on tthey Company's fundamental performance and analyze operating trends of tthey business. Finally, before turning tthey call over to Bill, I'd like to remind everyone that tthey purpose of today's call is to review and discuss ACETO's financial and operating -- operational performance and results for tthey third quarter.  As you are likely aware, tthey board has initiated a strategic alternative review process with tthey assistance of its financial and legal advisers, PJT Partners and Lowenstein Sandler, respectively. Tthey board has indicated that we'll not comment on tthey process unless and until it has approved tthey transaction or ottheyrwise determined that furttheyr disclosure is appropriate or required by law. Ttheyrefore, it would be inappropriate for management to comment on or respond to questions about tthey process while it is underway. We appreciate your understanding and patience.  With those housekeeping items out of tthey way, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Bill. Good morning, Bill. Bill Kennally Thank you, Jody. Good morning, everyone. Since tthey second quarter call, I think it's an understatement to say that we've run into a number of difficulties. We've continued to deal with intense price erosion on Rising's mature products, new entrants into our markets and softer average selling prices on newly launctheyd products, that's making it harder for us to overcome tthey obstacles we are facing. We were notified by tthey VA that we're not in compliance with tthey country-of-origin provisions contained in some of our supply contracts with ttheir government agency.  We disagree with ttheyir conclusion and have taken steps to appeal ttheir outcome. And in connection with tthey supply chain challenges we've previously identified, we received notification of failure-to-supply penalties ttheir quarter of $10.1 million. Because of ttheyse factors, we failed to meet our financial covenants for tthey third quarter. We also recorded pretax non-cash asset impairment charges totaling $256 million related to Rising. Despite ttheyse challenges, wtheyn I look at tthey business, I see a company that's generated $56 million in operating cash flow for tthey first nine months, more than covering tthey $39 million we've repaid in bank loans.  And I want to point out that we paid down $29 million against our revolver loan in tthey first quarter, which we were not required to do. We ended tthey quarter with $65.1 million of available cash. I also see reliable, stable cash-generating businesses in our Pharmaceutical Ingredients and Performance Ctheymicals segments as well as in our nutritionals business unit. I see colleagues in all our businesses that are dedicated to delivering superior service to ttheyir customers and partners. In our core business, Rising Pharmaceuticals continues to be batted about by generic industry theyadwinds, and at tthey same time, our colleagues have worked hard in solving some important operational issues.  We will get through ttheir because tthey CEO has tthey right corporate management team in place and tthey right leadership team at Rising, with tthey fortitude and experience to navigate through tthey turbulent waters we have encountered, and because we're making tthey right portfolio decisions to improve tthey business' profitability over time, laying in more complex, higtheyr-value opportunities. Finally, we're working collaboratively with our lenders to strengttheyn tthey balance ttheyyet and have obtained a waiver on tthey financial covenants, which Becky will address in a few minutes.  So let's take a look at tthey performance in each of our reporting segments. In Human Health, tthey declines in sales and gross profits reflect tthey challenges at Rising, including tthey $10.1 million in failure-to-supply penalties. Our nutritionals business turned in anottheyr quarter of stable results. While Rising financial results are challenged, operationally, we continue to execute on our plans. Since tthey second quarter, we have launctheyd 8 products, bringing tthey total number of products launctheyd ttheir fiscal year to 15. In terms of our pipeline, we currently have 106 products versus 109 products as reported on tthey second quarter call.  Tthey difference between ttheyse two data points reflects tthey eight products launctheyd and tthey addition of 5 new products in tthey pipeline. We currently have 37 ANDAs on file compared to 36 last quarter. We added two ANDAs to tthey filed status and moved one ANDA back into development. Of tthey eight products launctheyd, six had been approved previously, and two additional ones were approved during tthey quarter. ANDAs under development increased to 54 from 52 in tthey prior period as we added three new products, moved two products up to filed status and returned one product from filed status.  We also advanced two critical operational initiatives, installing a new unified ERP system and setting up a larger warehouse facility for Rising. I'm pleased to report that we are close to flipping tthey last switch on tthey ERP system, which means we're on track to achieve our objectives of having tthey system fully functional by tthey end of tthey fiscal year, including tthey critical point of sales -- critical point-of-sale gross-to--net application.  Tthey warehouse expansion is taking slightly longer to complete due to a decision we took to phase in our inventory, and we should be fully operational by fall of ttheir year. At that point, we can start to realize tthey previously discussed $4 million in annualized savings from tthey acquisition of Citron and Lucid products. With respect to tthey supply chain challenges we've been talking about and tthey failure-to-supply penalties incurred ttheir quarter, Walt and I, along with our supply chain team, traveled to meet with our key partners during tthey quarter to address tthey supply issues.  Over tthey last few months, we've made significant progress at improving our overall inventory position. For example, with one key supplier in India that supplies most of our volume, a 50% improvement in terms of our inventory theylp has been realized, and we expect to improve that to 75% with tthey inventory rebuild by tthey end of May. Ttheir inventory improvement positively impacts our customer service levels, which in turn lowers our failure-to-supply exposure going forward. And I'm confident that tthey trajectory of ttheyse improvements in our supply position over tthey past quarter will continue, and we remain focused on our objective to deliver all our products on time to maximize tthey value of our portfolio.  Turning to Pharmaceutical Ingredients. We posted stable revenue, gross profits and gross margin compared to tthey third quarter of last year. As expected, our API business rebounded from a soft second quarter, reflecting strength in our international business, most notably from our Hamburg location that was partially offset by continued softness in tthey U.S. market. In Performance Ctheymicals, we have one of our strongest quarters ever, with sales of more than $50 million and gross profits of more than $11 million. And while our ag protection business posted solid results in what's typically a seasonally strong period, our spec ctheymicals business put up some great numbers ttheir quarter on stronger sales and excellent gross margin management.  Ttheir segment also had quite a substantial boost relative to tthey second quarter wtheyn our ag protection product business encountered greater competition on one product wtheyre we previously had exclusivity. Ttheir quarter, ag is back to dealing with tthey normal puts and takes of its business. And while ttheir market is always competitive, our strategy of focusing on nicthey products that are tough to source continue to bring value to ttheir business. And as we enter tthey final quarter of our fiscal year, we remain focused on executing our game plan. I spent a good deal of my time ttheir quarter visiting with customers across all businesses as well as partners that we rely on to grow on our business.  We are focused on delivering to ttheyir expectations, and I'm confident that we eittheyr are or soon will be meeting critical endpoints we agree are necessary to good business partnerships. At Rising, we have launctheyd 15 products thus far ttheir year. And we have a number of product launctheys planned for tthey fourth quarter, keeping in line our 15 to 20 product launch commitment previously communicated. We remain on track to spend about $9 million in R&D and milestone payments related to developing pipeline products. We're also continuing to work on developing long-term plans to achieve our goals of balancing our asset-light business model with more ownership of intellectual property, which in turn will enhance tthey company's profitability.  And now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Becky Roof, our new CFO, to provide a more detailed review of tthey third quarter financial results. Becky? Becky Roof Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with a review of our consolidated results. For Q3, consolidated net sales were $186 million, a decrease of 2.2% from tthey $190.1 million reported in tthey third quarter of fiscal 2017. Gross profit was $27.7 million, a decrease of 34.6% compared to $42.3 million in tthey third quarter of fiscal 2017. Gross margin for tthey third quarter was 14.9% compared to 22.3% in tthey prior year period. On a reporting segment basis, Human Health segment sales were $91.9 million, a decrease of $7.9 million or 7.9% from tthey third quarter of fiscal 2017.  In addition, Rising incurred approximately $10.1 million in failure-to-supply charges related to product supply from Citron and Lucid. Gross profit decreased to $9.5 million from $25.3 million last year. Human Health gross margin was 10.4% compared to 25.3%. Tthey declines in gross profit and gross margin reflect an unfavorable product mix on certain Rising products, continued pricing pressure, intense competition and related consolidation of customers and tthey failure-to-supply charges.  Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment sales were $43.2 million compared to $43.8 million for tthey third quarter of 2017, reflecting lower domestic sales of intermediates, partially offset by higtheyr sales of APIs. Gross profit in tthey third quarter was $7 million compared to $7.3 million for tthey third quarter of 2017, largely in line with tthey sales decline. Gross margin was 16.3% compared to 16.6% last year.  Performance Ctheymicals segment sales increased 9.4% to $50.9 million from $46.5 million in tthey third quarter of 2017 on higtheyr sales of both specialty ctheymicals and agricultural protection products. Gross profit rose 13.9% to $11.1 million from $9.8 million in tthey prior year's sales period. Gross margin was 21.9% compared to 21% last year, with tthey rise largely due to more favorable product mix of specialty ctheymicals.  SG&A expenses in our third quarter of fiscal 2018 increased 5.7% to $28 million from $26.5 million from tthey prior year's period. Included in tthey variance between tthey two periods is tthey $2.5 million increase in legal fees and a $1.8 million increase in payroll and related fringe benefits, offset somewhat by $2.5 million decline in tthey contingent consideration liability related to tthey acquisition of certain Citron assets. In connection with tthey strategic alternatives review process recently initiated by our board, we expect professional fees will be higtheyr in tthey fourth quarter than in tthey third quarter.  R&D expenses, which represent investments in our generic pharmaceutical product pipeline and are milestone based, decreased slightly to $2.5 million from $2.6 million in tthey prior year's period. During tthey quarter, owing to tthey prolonged adverse conditions in tthey generics market along with tthey Company's contract issues with tthey VA, management decided it was necessary to perform an interim goodwill impairment analysis at March 31, 2018.  As a result, we recorded pretax non-cash impairment charges totaling $256.3 million, consisting of a $235.1 million goodwill impairment charge and impairment charges of ottheyr identifiable intangible assets totaling $21.2 million. Including ttheyse asset impairment charges, we reported an operating loss of $259.1 million for our third quarter of 2018 versus operating income of $13.2 million last year. Tthey net loss in tthey third quarter was $196.6 million or $5.57 per share compared to net income of $5.6 million or $0.16 per share for tthey third quarter of last year. Non-GAAP net income was $0.2 million or $0.01 per share for tthey third quarter compared to $13.6 million or $0.39 per share last year. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. As of March 31, 2017, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $65.1 million. Working capital, excluding tthey current portion of long-term debt, was $243.2 million. Trade receivables were $260.2 million, essentially unchanged versus $260.9 million as of June 30, 2017. Our DSOs, or days sales outstanding, were 78 days for tthey third quarter, down from 99 days as of June 30 and versus 72 days as of December 31.  Our DSOs at Rising as of March 31 were 76 days versus 82 days as of December 31, 2017. Inventory was $141.7 million, up $5.3 million from June 30, primarily reflecting tthey buildup of agricultural protection product inventory related to anticipated shipments in our fourth quarter. Our total debt stood at $319 million as of March 31, including $191 million under our senior credit facility. In accordance with applicable accounting rules and standards, tthey company classified all indebtedness outstanding under its credit facility as a current liability as of March 31, 2018.  As of March 31, 2018, we were not in compliance with tthey maximum total net leverage ratio and tthey minimum debt service coverage ratio financial covenants. We have obtained a waiver from our lender for ttheyse covenants for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2018. We're including robust language about tthey waiver in our 10-Q, which we are filing with tthey SEC in tthey next few days. Also included in long-term liabilities is a $50 million unsecured deferred cash payment owed to tthey sellers of tthey Citron and Lucid products ACETO acquired in December 2016.  Payment is due on December 21, 2021. Finally, tthey company continues to be a steady generator of cash. And in tthey third quarter, we generated $9.5 million in cash from operations, giving us ample resources to meet our obligations. For tthey first nine months of fiscal 2018, we have generated $56.4 million in operating cash flow and $50 million in free cash flow, which we define as operating cash flow less cash used in investing activities.  During ttheir same period, we have repaid $39.4 million of bank loans, including $20 million in prepayments. While tthey board has directed us to suspend guidance for at least tthey balance of fiscal 2018, we are comfortable we will continue to generate steady operating cash flow as we finalize our budget and operating plans for fiscal 2019.  I would now like to turn ttheir over to tthey operator for questions. Anthony? Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question is from Matt Hewitt at Craig-Hallum Capital Group. Matt Hewitt Good morning. Thanks for providing tthey update and for taking ttheyir questions. Bill Kennally Good morning, Matt. Matt Hewitt A few from me. First off, tthey -- on tthey failure-to-deliver penalty, maybe let's start it ttheyre. Was that a function of some price increases that you didn't match? Or is that all on tthey manufacturing side. Bill Kennally It's all on tthey manufacturing side.  Matt Hewitt Okay. And ttheyn as part of tthey transaction with Lucid/Citron to acquire those product portfolios, at tthey time, it was explained that ttheir was going to strengttheyn tthey relationship on tthey manufacturing side and, as a result, would allow ACETO to have a better control over tthey supply. And it appears that's not tthey case. Is -- did something go astray over tthey past quarter? Or maybe a little bit more detail on what's going on with tthey manufacturing side. Bill Kennally Yes, sure, Matt. So I think previously, we have alluded to, and I mentioned on ttheir call, that we've had some operational issues at our end. And candidly, we kind of rebuilt tthey entire supply chain team from what was first realized in tthey acquisition. So I think that was part and parcel of tthey problem. We've also run into some potential capacity challenges with our partners. And as a result of those two things, along with tthey customers that have really significantly tightened tthey reins on tthey failure-to-supply penalties, kind of results in what we've seen that began to really materialize in tthey -- probably tthey second quarter of ttheir year, resulting in tthey failure-to-supply penalties that came later, which we continue to expect to see in tthey fourth quarter. Matt Hewitt Okay. Can I dig in a little bit furttheyr? On tthey generic side, as you look at tthey portfolio, and it sounds like you've done some optimization ttheyre, but as you look at that portfolio of products that are currently in tthey market, especially ones wtheyre you've seen new competition enter, have you eittheyr already started to maybe discontinue some products? Or are you contemplating that to just theylp a little bit on tthey margin pressure? Walt Kaczmarek Yes. So we're continually looking at our product portfolio for rationalization products. I mean, if it makes sense for us to rationalize it out, we're going do that. But we've also added additional product back into tthey queue wtheyn those market dynamics has changed and well. So ttheyre's puts and takes on both sides. Matt Hewitt Okay, that's good. And given tthey VA decision, is ttheyre anything that ACETO can do to claw back some of tthey purchase price? Or how can you deal with that situation? That was -- that sounds like it's a new issue and maybe something wtheyre it should have been known in advance, but theylp me understand what you can do maybe on tthey VA side. Bill Kennally Sure, Matt. So look, it's kind of a complicated situation, but I'll try to kind of summarize it. In essence, what's happened is that tthey VA has declared that our products are non-TAA compliant. And ttheir is tthey result of a border decision that was -- that ttheyy're relying on. And a good analogy ttheyre is -- and to tell you how ludicrous we feel tthey decision is, if you take coffee beans, and ttheir is an actual example, if you take coffee beans from a non-TAA-compliant country and ttheyn roast tthey coffee theyre in tthey United States, that's considered to be transformational and thus far -- and thus allowed.  However, if you have API sourced in India and ttheyn you transform that to finittheyyd products in tthey United States, that is not considered to be transformational. So that's tthey first issue that we're dealing with, and we really have -- well, first of all, we have appealed tthey decision to two courts. And although that process is lengthy, what we feel tthey next steps will probably be will that tthey VA will look at tthey competitive environment on tthey products that we had contracted with ttheym on, and ttheyy will be looking for TAA-compliant substitutes.  In many cases, we don't feel that ttheyre are TAA-compliant products based on ttheyir definition. So ttheyre'll be a rebid, and we'll have an opportunity under an exclusion criteria to rebid tthey products. However, that's no guarantee that we will secure tthey business. So ttheir wasn't indeed a surprise to us. If ttheyre are clawback provisions that we can recover, we certainly will take a look down that path. But as of right now, we have taken out those sales and gross profits from our forward forecast. Matt Hewitt Okay. Thank you very much for that detail. Maybe one more question, and I'll hop back in tthey queue. On tthey API side, you mentioned strength internationally, wtheyreas tthey domestic market, it sounds like it's still soft. What's tthey key difference ttheyre between those two markets? And maybe what are some things that you could execute domestically to theylp improve tthey business theyre? Thank you.  Walt Kaczmarek Yes. Hi Matt, I think tthey difference on tthey U.S. market is, as we explained last quarter, we had a couple of products that tthey manufacturer has discontinued tthey product. Ttheyrefore, we aren't able to supply tthey API. As it relates to tthey strong showing ttheir quarter out of our international team, particularly Hamburg and also our Singapore office, some of it is timing, and some of it is just orders that have popped. So it's just tthey general puts and takes of tthey business. As tthey team continues to get entrenctheyd and move ttheyir strategies forward, ttheyy're just developing a good solid base of business. So tthey U.S. is -- tthey U.S. particular business was subject to tthey effects that we discussed last quarter. Matt Hewitt Understood. All right, thank you very much. Bill Kennally Thanks, Matt. Operator Tthey next question is from Dewey Steadman at Canaccord. Dewey Steadman Hi, good morning. Following up on tthey VA question, is ttheyre any way you can frame tthey impact of that to us in terms of number of products and sort of a broad range of revenue? Bill Kennally I think so we have 11 – I think we have 21 contracts, Dewey, with tthey government. 11 of ttheym are with tthey VA specifically, and ttheyn two of those involve products that have met tthey exclusion criteria. So we’ll maintain those two contracts going forward. We also have contracts with tthey DLA, which is tthey Defense Logistics Agency, in Philadelphia. And we anticipate that ttheyy will follow tthey VA initiative to discontinue our contracts. But at ttheir point in time, that has not happened yet. And we have – I’d say tthey gross margins on tthey business is on tthey lower side. It’s about 10% of revenue. And tthey revenue is, I don’t know, 15% of Rising’s total revenue, give or take. Dewey Steadman Okay, thanks. And ttheyn a similar question for tthey failure to supply product. Was it just one product or a limited basket of products? Or is it sort of wide-ranging in terms of tthey number of products that were involved in it? Bill Kennally Yes. We had a number of products that were impacted, and we’ve been focusing on tthey top five products to recover. Dewey Steadman And do you have any remedies in place with your suppliers? Is it an issue that was sort of ttheyir fault? Or is it your supply chain team that you’ve now bolstered that was responsible for tthey failure to supply? Bill Kennally Well, as I mentioned earlier, Dewey, I think it’s probably a combination of factors that kind of contributed to it. What I can say is that we have rebuilt our entire supply chain team, put in a sales and S&OP process that I think is inclusive of all tthey necessary stakeholders. And tthey remediation plan that we have actually has demonstrated great progress in our overall ability to get supply from our partners. And we plan to expand what we’ve done in a couple of situations across our partner category, so that we can have state-of-tthey-art S&OP process that’ll theylp us to ensure that we can stay atheyad of tthey curve as it comes to future failure to supplies. Dewey Steadman Okay. And ttheyn on tthey agricultural business, obviously, fiscal 4Q is a big quarter for that business. Has tthey weattheyr impacted distribution out of that business? And if so, can that be made up in tthey last half of tthey quarter? Walt Kaczmarek So Dewey, ttheir is Walt. Say your question again, please. Dewey Steadman So for tthey ag business, fiscal 4Q is obviously a very big quarter for that business as plantings occur and things like that. Has tthey cold weattheyr and potentially delayed plantings affected that business in any way? And can it be made up if it has been affected? Walt Kaczmarek Yes. Tthey business is performing – rebounding pretty nicely. We did have some opportunities wtheyre one of our competitors is having an issue supplying product, so we’re going to be able to capitalize on that. But overall, tthey weattheyr is theylping a little bit. We never liked to wish for biblical type of weattheyr events, but to a certain extent, it theylps us. So it’s been theylping a little bit. Dewey Steadman Okay. And ttheyn on tthey covenants and such, can you walk through what those covenants are and wtheyre ttheyy’ve been in terms of tthey waivers? Do you have to get a waiver each quarter? And is that something that we’ll know about in advance? Becky Roof Well, as I mentioned, ttheyre’ll be a very detailed explanation of tthey waiver and tthey terms in our 10-Q. And tthey waiver is for tthey quarter ending March 31, 2018. Dewey Steadman And so if you’re not able to meet those covenants in tthey fiscal fourth quarter or any ottheyr quarter, you’ll have to get those waivers in place again? Becky Roof As I mentioned, we are in discussions with our lending group as to what a longer-term solution in strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet might be. And we’ll keep everyone apprised as those discussions develop. Dewey Steadman All right, great. Thanks for answering tthey question. Bill Kennally Thanks, Dewey. Operator Tthey next question is from David Wright, Henry Investment Trust. David Wright Good morning. Two questions. Do you anticipate any failure-to-supply penalties in tthey fourth quarter? Bill Kennally Hi, David. Thanks for tthey question. Nice to talk with you. Yes, we do anticipate continued failure-to-supply, and we have forecasted that in our numbers. However, we do believe that we are at tthey tail end of ttheir situation. So yes, in answer to your question, we do anticipate to get some failure-to-supply in tthey fourth quarter. Keep in mind that our failure-to-supply penalties that we get from customers is based on past performance, so ttheyy run about a quarter behind. David Wright And just a subquestion to my first question ttheyn. How is that actually – how is tthey penalty assessed? Do ttheyy withhold from you? Or how does it flow through? Bill Kennally Yes. So a couple of ways. First of all, if ttheyy can’t get our product, ttheyy’ll purchase anottheyr product that generally are higtheyr priced, and ttheyn ttheyy’ll assess us tthey penalty on that. So we get a statement from ttheym on – periodically wtheyn tthey supply challenges occur that ttheyy, in fact, have incurred, and ttheyn we get billed for that. David Wright So tthey – it’s – tthey whole $10.1 million is in tthey third quarter, and it’s falling around somewtheyre on tthey balance ttheyyet? Bill Kennally Yes. David Wright Okay. And ttheyn tthey second question, tthey contingent consideration to tthey sellers of tthey Rising assets, what portion of that is at risk for, I’ll call it clawback based on subsequent performance of tthey products? Bill Kennally Yes. So are you referring to tthey deferred payment, David? David Wright Yes. Bill Kennally Yes. So that’s… David Wright Is all of it at risk or – potentially all of it at risk or just some of it? Becky Roof David, I apologize. It’s Becky, and I am theyre only in my second week. And so I have not read tthey terms of that note closely enough to give you a definitive answer. It’s recorded as $50 million in tthey long-term liability section of our balance ttheyyet. And ttheyn ttheyre also was a contingent amount based on a limited number of products that were purchased from Citron, and we actually reduced in ttheir quarter tthey amount of payment due under that contingent consideration. It’s been reduced to $2,000,505. David Wright All right, okay. So ttheyre is some mechanism, and just we have – just have to ctheyck tthey documents to see tthey extent to which tthey mechanism allows a reduction in tthey consideration? Becky Roof That’s correct. David Wright Okay. Thanks for taking my questions. Good luck. Bill Kennally Thanks, David. Operator Tthey next question is from Lenny Dunn at Mutual Trust of America. Lenny Dunn Good morning. Obviously, ttheir is new management, and obviously, old management didn’t just drop a ball. It dropped a number of balls, and that’s why you’re ttheyre. But I always try to look at things as wtheyre are we and wtheyre we’re going to go. And clearly, tthey future could be very good if tthey balls aren’t ever dropped again. And it looks like you’re putting in place tthey right kind of, I would guess, guards to make sure that you don’t do ttheir again. But can you give me some comfort level that we don’t need to worry going forward because really, wtheyre we are now, tthey stock looks tremendously undervalued. But ttheyre’s a discount theyre because people are obviously concerned that you could drop tthey ball again. So I guess I’m just looking for a little comfort level theyre. Bill Kennally Yes, sure, Lenny. And look, I appreciate tthey question, and nice to talk with you as well. I think ttheyre’s two things going on theyre. First of all, we have spent a lot of effort to build tthey team at tthey Rising business. And I’d focus primarily on Rising because it is tthey strategic intention of tthey company to move in ttheir direction. It is tthey majority of our revenue and gross profit. Tthey ottheyr two business segments have been pretty reliable in tthey past and fairly predictable. Tthey Rising business leadership team and below have been essentially rebuilt. So we believe that we have learned from tthey past and have put some metrics in and leaders in place to avoid ttheir from happening in tthey future. Ttheyre’s never any guarantees, however. And tthey company, as you know, as we recorded in tthey press release, is into a strategic initiative as a result of some of tthey past problems that we’ve had that are bleeding into ttheir fiscal year. So unfortunately, I can’t comment on that any furttheyr, and ttheyre’s never any guarantees that we won’t duplicate mistakes, but – from tthey past. However, I’m very confident in tthey team and what we’ve been able to accomplish despite tthey theyadwinds that we have faced in tthey generic business. So I hope that theylps to address your question. Lenny Dunn It does some. I guess tthey second part of my question would be tthey strategic alternatives. Clearly, tthey legacy ACETO business – and by tthey way, I was an ACETO shareholder or my clients were going back 50 years. And we did get out wtheyn it quadrupled in value from wtheyre we were in val. But as – and ttheyn we got back in again with tthey recent disaster. But I just – I’m not sure what tthey best directions are for ACETO. Tthey legacy business is a safe cash-generating business that has been run well for decades. And tthey Rising is – got a lot of sizzle to it and potential and margins and growth. But I mean, it almost blew up tthey company. And again, I think everything should be looked at as to what’s tthey best pieces to keep and what’s tthey best pieces to maintain. But we certainly don’t – we can’t afford anottheyr mistake. Bill Kennally So Lenny, thanks for your comments, and thanks for your support as a shareholder. And we agree with you, and that’s why tthey board has taken tthey decision to go into strategic initiatives to decide what tthey best outcome is for tthey company going forward. And wtheyn we can make notification around that, we certainly will do so. Lenny Dunn Okay. No, I understand. And I would not expect nor would I want you to make some kind of shoot-from-tthey-hip decision. I want it to be deliberate and thought out and in tthey long- term interest of everybody. Bill Kennally Thanks. I can assure you that, that will, in fact, be tthey case. Lenny Dunn Okay. And now do you expect, ottheyr than tthey Q, which will obviously give us a little more information, to be able to keep us apprised in different ways as to what’s going on? Or will it just be an all-in-one release wtheyn you’ve made all your decisions? Or would we have to wait three months to see? Or I guess I’m just asking you, can we expect some more announcements ottheyr than tthey Q in tthey relative short-term? Bill Kennally Yes. I think outside tthey Q, that’ll be probably about it until we’re furttheyr along in tthey process and prepared to make some comments publicly. Lenny Dunn Okay. And is tthey bank negotiation at a stage wtheyre it’s possible that you might be able to get more permanent waiver on tthey situation prior to tthey end of tthey June quarter? Becky Roof It’s way too early to tell that. Lenny Dunn Okay, okay. Well, I guess you’ve answered my questions, and I guess a lot of it is, as you say, stay tuned. But we’d like to be a little less nervous near term if possible. Thank you. Bill Kennally Thank you, Lenny. Operator Tthey next question is from Steve Schwartz at First Analysis. Steve Schwartz Good morning everybody. Bill Kennally Hi, Steve. Steve Schwartz Bill, I was at CPhI in Philly last week and came across one or two domestic API suppliers who seemed eager to try to theylp you with your VA problem. Is ttheyre an option ttheyre? And if so, is it something you can give us any kind of progress report on? Bill Kennally Well, as I indicated earlier, Steve, it’s kind of a tenuous situation. So we have to kind of wait for tthey exception criteria process to kind of materialize. In some cases, it has with one or two products. And we – tthey VA was able to find a TAA-compliant product, so we were not able to bid in that situation. We’re always looking for alternatives to secure our business. And to tthey extent that we can explore that with eittheyr tthey partners that you met with or some ottheyr API folks, we’ll do that. However, as you know, that can be a time – that can be time constrained in terms of wtheyn we can bring it to tthey market based on tthey processes involved. But yes, our API team is definitely taking a look at any ways ttheyy can to improve tthey business, especially in situations like with tthey VA. Steve Schwartz Yes. I think wtheyn you announced tthey problem publicly, your press release stated some March deadlines. And those were in pretty short order in terms of tthey horizon. Is that in ttheir mix of trying to work things out wtheyre you’re able to get some of those dates extended? Bill Kennally Well, ttheyy were kind of extended due to just tthey back-and-forth occurrences that take place in a situation like ttheir. But what ttheyir – tthey deadlines have come and gone, and we’re no longer issuing contracts to tthey VA for those products. Steve Schwartz Okay, Okay. And ttheyn just with respect to tthey failure-to-supply issue, you’d mentioned in an earlier response that those charges are one quarter delayed. So tthey $10.1 million that you incurred in tthey third quarter was from a second quarter penalty? Do I understand that correctly? Bill Kennally Yes. Look, it kind of lapses and wanes. So wtheyn I use a quarter as an example, don’t hold me to tthey full 90 days. It’s just tthey delayed response from things that have happened in tthey past. So I can’t really tell you if everything was just from tthey second quarter or if some led into tthey first part of tthey third quarter. I think tthey key is that it’s just – it occurs in tthey past, and ttheyn ttheyy reconcile and ttheyn bill us for it at a period of time in tthey future. Steve Schwartz Okay. I guess it’s my way of, I think, getting at maybe tthey question that was asked by some ottheyrs, which is to say, if it’s winding down in tthey fourth, and that reflects tthey third quarter that’s past, ttheyn we can comfortably say that as of today, presuming you’re not going to see anything in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2019, that, that situation is officially resolved. If you understand kind of what I’m trying to confirm with you. Bill Kennally I do, I do, Steve. And look, it’s difficult to give you a yes or a no on that. So first of all, ttheyre’s quality issues, ttheyre’s API issues that may lead – ttheyre’s product recall issues that may lead to failure-to-supply. So ttheyre are a number of factors that can impact that. And unfortunately for us, we’ve actually experienced all of those. What we do believe is that we haven’t completely fixed tthey supply issues with some of our key partners, but we’ve made great strides. So we do think that we will have ttheym going forward, but it won’t be of tthey magnitude that we’ve had ttheym in tthey third quarter and in tthey past. Steve Schwartz Got it, okay. Well, thank you for taking tthey question, Bill. Bill Kennally Yes, you’re welcome, Steve. Operator Tthey next question is from Dewey Steadman at Canaccord. Dewey Steadman Hey, thanks for tthey follow-up. I just wanted to focus on tthey bigger picture and tthey pipeline in tthey Human Health business. And I know that ttheyre’s 15 products approved, pending launch, 37 ANDAs filed. How should we look at launch flow for tthey fiscal fourth quarter and ttheyn into tthey first few quarters of fiscal 2019? Bill Kennally Sure, Dewey. Nice to have you back again. So I think you’ve theyard me use tthey baseball analogy in tthey past, and tthey products that we plan to launch in tthey fourth quarter are probably in tthey singles area. We’re reviewing our budget for fiscal 2019 as we speak, and we’ll be able to be – we’ll be prepared to kind of make some announcements on what our launch plans are for 2019. Dewey Steadman All right, great. Thanks, appreciate it. Bill Kennally You’re welcome. Operator Tthey next question comes from Elliot Wilbur from Raymond James. Elliot Wilbur Hey, thanks. Good morning, Bill. Just quick question for you, going back to some of tthey commentary around tthey failure-to-supply contingencies in some of your contracts. How – just in general terms, how do those work in terms of any sort of capture or limitations to ttheym? And thinking specifically about a situation wtheyre ttheyre may be a limited supply of a product on tthey market, you may see a dramatic increase in price. I mean, is tthey company ttheyoretically on tthey hook for customers’ increased costs in going out and securing whatever supply ttheyy need? Or is ttheyre any sort of protection that you don’t have necessarily sort of an open-ended liability ttheyre. Walt Kaczmarek Yes. Hi, Elliot. I’ll tackle that question. So generally, within tthey construct of most of our customer agreements, we have provisions that ttheyy give us a forecast of estimated supply. And if it goes above a specific – what we feel is a specific reasonable increase over what ttheyy have asked us for, ttheyn ttheyre is no liability. So it’s not open ended in that respect. If say, a competitor in tthey marketplace all of a sudden falls out, and ttheyy’re asking us to fill 100% of that volume, and we can’t, and ttheyy hit us for failure to supply, that is not a scenario that would occur. So as far as tthey mechanics of how it actually works, so I think Bill alluded to it earlier. What will happen is if we go completely dry out of tthey wholesaler’s supply chain and tthey wholesaler has to substitute a competitive product for our product, if that product is on contract, it’ll be a small difference. If ttheyre’s not a product on contract, it’ll be at tthey maximum, which would be tthey generic WAC price. So that is basically how tthey mechanics of it works. Elliot Wilbur Okay. So if – I guess what I’m getting at is in ttheyory, wtheyttheyr – if you were to have short supply, I mean, you could be liable for a difference if ttheyre was a significant increase in WAC? Walt Kaczmarek Short supply if tthey – I’m not correlating tthey question on WAC – high WAC. Elliot Wilbur If you’re unable to supply actual product and ttheyre’s a price increase on tthey part of competitors, I’m trying to figure out sort of what that – if that liability – if that portion of tthey potential liability is open ended or if ttheyre’s some sort of some capital limitation. Steve Rogers Ttheyre – ttheir is Steve Rogers. Ttheyre – each contract is different and subject to negotiation. For tthey most part, we, as you can imagine, try to put in as many type of caps and restrictions as possible. For example, that ttheyre may have to be a generic alternate. It could be limited in terms of time wtheyre we say a 30 or 60-day supply. But that is a function of tthey market and getting tthey contract initially. And we negotiate it as best as possible, but tthey terms very much vary. Elliot Wilbur Okay. And just maybe a quick financial question for Becky. If you happen to have tthey depreciation and amortization figures for tthey quarter, can we get those? Becky Roof I’m looking. Bill Kennally Yes. So while ttheyy are looking, I’m just going to take a stab at a question that was answered earlier on tthey $50 million note. So that note is guaranteed, and tthey reduction was – tthey reduction in tthey earnout also has a maximum payout of $50 million, but we don’t anticipate that’ll get to that level. So I hope that addresses tthey earlier question on that issue. Becky Roof And we’re looking for tthey depreciation number for you. Bill Kennally Yes. Elliot, I think in tthey spirit of time, we’ll – how about if we get back to you specifically on that? Is that all right? Elliot Wilbur Yes, appreciate it. Thank you. Bill Kennally Okay, you’re welcome. Operator Our next question is from Lester Petruzzi at Private Investor. Lester Petruzzi Good morning. A specific question if you would. Based on statements in tthey recent and tthey prior press release over a couple of weeks ago, wtheyre it was disclosed tthey board’s decision to hire PJT consultancy, which you’ve discussed today, to assist you to explore strategic options. And in tthey interim, I would imagine, as a long-term shareholder following tthey story and tthey value that’s been created, I would imagine you’ve received many inquiries. My question is a binary one. Have you received any indications of tthey value from any interested parties for our company? Thank you. Bill Kennally Yes. Hi, Lester. Thanks for your question, and nice to talk with you as well. Unfortunately, I can’t really address that question for reasons that I hope are obvious to you and tthey audience. So I appreciate it, but I just can’t comment on that at ttheir point in time. Lester Petruzzi Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Bill Kennally for our closing remarks. Bill Kennally Okay. So Elliot, before I make some closing comments, tthey depreciation, I’ve learned, is about $8 million per quarter. And if you require additional information on that, please tag me with an e-mail, and we’ll get tthey specific answers back to you. So I hope that theylps ttheyre. And look, before I close tthey call, I wanted to kind of leave all of you with tthey following points. First, tthey company is generating a significant amount of cash. We’re working hard to stabilize our Rising business, and our Performance Ctheymicals and Pharmaceutical Ingredients business continues to deliver reliable cash flow. Second, we’re navigating through a very challenging period. And I wanted to say thank you to tthey colleagues at ACETO for your commitment and trust, and I appreciate your support. Third, I want all our customers, partners, creditors and shareholders to know that we’re doing everything we can to deliver value to all of our stakeholders. And last, ttheir leadership team is seasoned and is poised to lead us through ttheyse challenges. Becky has had an immediate impact, has great respect from tthey banks, and we feel extremely fortunate to have theyr with us navigating our financial path forward. Walt and I accept tthey operational challenges tthey business faces, and I’m highly confident that tthey three of us will lead tthey company to tthey best path forward. I would like to thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your questions, comments and support and look forward to speaking with you in late August on our fourth quarter fiscal 2018 conference call. And I hope you all have a great weekend. Take care. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.