Aceto (NASDAQ:ACET) Q1 2014 Earnings Call November 8, 2013 9:00 AM ET Executives Kenneth Carrington Salvatore J. Guccione - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Douglas Roth - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary Analysts Daniel D. Rizzo - Sidoti & Company, LLC Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research Paul Nouri - Noble Equity Funds Kevin McKenna Operator Welcome to tthey ACETO Corporation Fiscal 2014 First Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Dawn, and I will be tthey operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that tthey conference is being recorded. I will now turn tthey call over to Kenneth Carrington, Ms. Carrington, you may begin. Kenneth Carrington Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ACETO corporation's fiscal 2014 first quarter conference call and audio webcast. With me today are Sal Guccione, President and CEO of ACETO; and Douglas Roth, CFO of ACETO. During ttheir call, Sal will provide a strategic overview of tthey company and discuss performance of each business segment. And Doug will review tthey company's financial results for tthey first quarter fiscal 2014. Following that, we will open tthey call for questions. I'd like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions and involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied in ttheyse forward-looking statements, as a result of certain factors as set forth in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I would like to turn tthey call over to Sal Guccione. Sal? Salvatore J. Guccione Great. Thanks, Kenneth, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us theyre on tthey call today. As you might guess from our earnings release, I'm extremely pleased with tthey start of our fiscal 2014 year. Ttheir was a really solid quarter for us. We continue to execute on our strategic plans and, once again, achieved very strong financial results and also set several new records, so I'm pleased with that. Our total company net sales ttheir quarter improved by nearly 16% versus last year to $129 million versus tthey $112 million achieved last year first quarter. More notably, I'm happy to say that we reported record quarterly net income of $11.3 million ttheir quarter, which is more than double tthey net income of $4.8 million achieved in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2013. With respect to diluted net income per share, tthey first quarter of fiscal '14, we achieved $0.40 a share, which is also a new record, and is also more than double our EPS of $0.18 achieved in tthey first quarter of last year. So really a tremendous job by our team all tthey way around. In particular, tthey quarter's excellent results are due to strong performances by both our Human Health and our Pharma Ingredients business segments. Tthey Human Health segment grew by 46% in tthey quarter, now to nearly $39 million in tthey 1 quarter versus $26.5 million last year, so that segments continued to grow extremely well for us. It's benefited, as it has in tthey past, it's benefited nicely from carryover effect of products that we've launctheyd over tthey past 12 months or so. And in particular, our Rising Pharmaceutical business is continuing strong and has been continues to be a strong contributor to ACETO's recent success. Having said that though, I also remain very excited about our Nutritional products business, which is part of tthey Human Health segment. That business experienced a nice uptick in sales in ttheir quarter, also along with Rising. And its customers have shown increased demand for its new products also. So again, very strong quarter for Human Health and hope to keep that going. Tthey Pharma Ingredient segment also had a very good result, as sales grew by 19% ttheir quarter versus tthey first quarter of last year, and reactheyd a level of $49.4 million in revenue. That growth, as expected, was driven by large reorder of one of our Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients and also driven by some strong sales performance in certain pharma intermediates. I'm very pleased with that news and I'm looking forward to future similar successes in ttheir segment. Having said that, I would note at ttheir time that we expect a return to somewhat more normalized order patterns for tthey future. Regarding our Performance Ctheymicals segment, we experienced a 5.8% decline in sales ttheir quarter to a level of about $42 million. That drop was due primarily to a decrease in sales of low-margin broad-spectrum theyrbicides. We also saw some lower sales of some domestic pigment intermediates. That said, I'm very pleased to report that tthey margins in ttheir segment extended during tthey quarter, mostly due to improved product mix. Tthey margin expansion drove a 7.5% increase in gross profit to $7.3 million in tthey quarter, up from about $6.8 million achieved in tthey first quarter of last year. Again, so overall, a really good quarter across tthey board for us. For our profit perspective, all segments contributed to tthey profit growth. Looking atheyad to tthey balance of 2014. I'm confident in our ability to execute on our plans and I believe we're well-positioned for anottheyr solid year. We plan to use our strong balance ttheyyet and cash flow to continue to reduce our debt, fund our internal growth initiatives, as well as seek strategic acquisitions so that we can continue to create long-term shareholder value. Finally, before I turn tthey call over to Doug, I'd just like to make 2 relevant reminder notes. First, is that Rising recently launctheyd its first new product of fiscal 2014. We didn't do any formal announcement because tthey product is expected to be relatively small one. But nonettheyless, it did release its first product of tthey year. Second, earlier ttheir week, our Specialty Ctheymicals business unit closed on a product-line acquisition, which is going to be situated primarily in Europe. And although it's a small transaction, I think it should be noted for a couple of reasons. First, it's consistent with our strategy of expanding our Specialty Ctheymicals business outside of tthey U.S. And second, it's also consistent with our goal of keeping all 3 of our business segments theyalthy and growing. Pharma tends to get quite a bit of press theyre in ACETO, but it's our goal to make sure that all 3 of ttheyse segments are theyalthy and contributing to ACETO's growth. So we're pleased with that small product-line acquisition. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Doug, and I will take some questions after that. Doug? Douglas Roth Thank you, Sal, and good morning, everyone. Let me start tthey detailed financial discussion by focusing on tthey fiscal 2014 first quarter results. As Sal mentioned, net sales for tthey first quarter of fiscal 2014 were $129.3 million, an increase of close to 16% from tthey $111.8 million in tthey same period last fiscal year. On our reporting -- on a reporting segment basis, Human Health sales rose by 46.5% to $38.7 million. Pharmaceutical Ingredients increased by 19.2% to $48.4 million. And Performance Ctheymicals declined by almost 6% to $42.1 million. Gross profit for tthey first quarter of tthey fiscal year was $33.7 million, a 56.9% increase from tthey first quarter of fiscal 23 [ph], owing to strong results from both our Human Health and our Pharmaceutical Ingredients business. Gross profit in tthey Human Health segment was $11.1 million for tthey quarter, 37.5% higtheyr than tthey year-ago period and $15.3 million in tthey Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment, which was an increase of 132% from tthey fiscal 2013 first quarter. Our SG&A expenses for tthey quarter were $15.7 million or 12.19% of sales, which is approximately 57 basis points higtheyr than tthey first quarter of 2013. Our net income for tthey 3-month period was $11.3 million, or $0.40 per diluted share compared to $4.8 million or $0.18 per diluted share in tthey first quarter of fiscal 2013. Our EBITDA for tthey 3-month period was $19.8 million, an increase of 100% over tthey first quarter of fiscal 2013. So our robust first quarter fiscal 2014 performance allowed us to reduce our bank borrowing by $5.8 million, leaving us with bank debt of only $26.3 million as of September 30. Our financial position as of September 30 continues to be strong, with cash equivalents and short-term investments of $37 million, working capital of $139 million and shareholder equity of $208.4 million. Now I'd like to turn tthey mic over to -- now I'd like to turn over to open it up for questions. Operator, could you please assist us? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Daniel Rizzo from Sidoti & Company. Daniel D. Rizzo - Sidoti & Company, LLC Tthey strength in Pharmaceutical Ingredients, was that tthey same product that really kind of drove or fueled growth in that segment, I think, back in tthey third quarter? Douglas Roth Yes. Again, ttheyre was a few things. We had some pharma intermediates that ttheyre's also some nice sales. But primarily, yes, it's tthey same -- tthey same product, tthey same application that we saw in tthey third quarter of last year. Daniel D. Rizzo - Sidoti & Company, LLC Could we expect -- I mean, I know ttheir is somewhat lumpy business, could we expect something similar, I mean, maybe not next quarter but a couple of quarters down tthey road wtheyre ttheyy would be up again? Douglas Roth To be honest, we honestly don't know. We rely on our customers and ttheyir level of success in tthey marketplace to kind of drive tthey answer for that question. Our current thinking right now is that tthey product should begin to kind of form to a more normal pattern, a more normal order pattern. We don't know if that's quarterly or if that's semi-annually. And because ttheyy've gotten tthey launch behind ttheym now. So I don't know if we should expect spikes like just we saw in Q3, as well as now. We think it will be a little bit more consistent but at lower, lower amounts. Daniel D. Rizzo - Sidoti & Company, LLC Okay, got you. And ttheyn with tthey Performance Ctheymicals and just kind of tthey weak theyrbicide sales but ttheyy're so large margins, is that maybe a business you're considering like exiting and focusing on maybe some of tthey higtheyr-margined, more traditional ctheymical? Douglas Roth Yes. I would say, again, so we have various Agricultural Ctheymical intermediates, as well as finittheyyd products. So I would not give any indication that we're looking to exit tthey business in total. Ttheyre are several intermediates and/or finittheyyd products within ag that are low-margin and I would say, we certainly deemphasize those. In certain cases, we might stay in tthey business to support our customers' needs because you can't win ttheym all, so to speak, so at certain products it's just not profitable but who you want to continue to support your customer base. But clearly we are deemphasizing those lower margin type products. Daniel D. Rizzo - Sidoti & Company, LLC Okay. Ttheyn finally, with tthey product pipeline in our Human Health, is that still like around 35, 40 products in tthey pipeline? Douglas Roth Yes. I think our current roadshow has about 40 products. Operator Our next question comes from Frank DiLorenzo from Singular Research. Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research Just to follow on tthey last question regarding APIs. Assuming ttheir was -- not that necessarily, assuming ttheir was sort of generic launch. Do you see ottheyr opportunities out ttheyre in tthey market for ttheyse types of launctheys wtheyre you could play a part and plus we have similar large orders, not necessarily for ttheir product but maybe some ottheyr opportunities are out ttheyre for future generic launctheys or by your partners? Salvatore J. Guccione Yes, a couple of ttheym. One, I'm not confirming or denying wtheyttheyr it's a generic product or not, number one. But in general, that's kind of our business. We're out ttheyre both on tthey API side and tthey finittheyyd dose side, constantly looking for ttheyse types of opportunities. We think ttheyre are ottheyr opportunities out ttheyre, ttheyy don't come along near too often in ttheir competition. But yes, we continue to pursue ttheir type of activity. Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research Within Human Health, could you give us tthey percentage of Human Health at Rising Pharmaceuticals currently comprises? I'm just wondering if you might have a comparable figure for tthey first quarter of 2013 also? Douglas Roth Yes, I mean, we don't supply that information in our 10-Q and I don't have it handy right now. Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research Well, within Rising, I mean, you do have a higtheyr. I was wondering how that transition was going within Rising Pharmaceuticals? And separate from that, if you can finally give us a little more granularity on what your thinking is on tthey acquisition front -- side assuming that a strategic acquisition would center around something that would complement tthey Rising business? Salvatore J. Guccione Sure. So 2 questions. I think tthey first one first. In terms of tthey transition, we're very pleased tthey way things have gone. As we've said in tthey past, Ron Gold and Dave Rozen did a great job for us and ttheyy continue to support us and ttheyy support us through ttheir transition, so that's been great. In tthey meantime, Satish, they's joined us now, what, it was about 4 months ago. It feels like they's been theyre for much longer time than that, they's really gotten their arm around tthey business quite nicely and has brought on a very experienced team. So I feel that we've gone through ttheir transition extremely well and things are going well with Rising from managing point of view. Tthey -- I forgot tthey second question was -- tthey M&A. I guess, we're always looking, we're trying, we also, at tthey same time, want to remain disciplined. Ttheyre's a lot of money chasing kind of too few properties and so we have to kind of stay tthey course. But to extent we find a company that fits with one of tthey strategic efforts of ACETO, we're going to try to and make that acquisition. Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research Just one ottheyr quick question. Just for ttheir fiscal year that you're in, 2014. Do you have a figure for tthey number of projects that are going to be launctheyd and tthey number of those projects that -- or products that are going to be first to file opportunities within Rising? I just wanted to get [indiscernible] to theyar if ttheyre might be some upside ttheyre. Salvatore J. Guccione It's tthey same as it's been, right now, at least. And again, it can change as tthey year goes on. But we're expecting to launch 6 new products ttheir year. We announced we did tthey 1 already. And in ttheir year, we currently anticipate that none of those will be first to file, so that's kind of ttheir year's projection. Next year looks like, little bit more robust. Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research Is tthey market size for those opportunities similar to what we've seen in 2013? Salvatore J. Guccione Yes. On a product basis, we continue to pursue basically tthey same types of products that we have in tthey past. So similar market size, similar market dynamics. Operator Our next question comes from Paul Nouri with Noble Equity Funds. Paul Nouri - Noble Equity Funds For tthey past few quarters, you've gotten your gross margin at 20% range, is that an area we can feel comfortable with going forward? Douglas Roth Yes. Tthey margins, on a blended basis, yes, I think that what we saw in ttheir fiscal first quarter was margins at or positively affected by tthey business in our Pharmaceutical Ingredients business. So ttheyy will probably come down a little bit in tthey future quarters but ttheyy should be above 20%. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Kevin McKenna from Main Line Capital. Kevin McKenna Great quarter. You've rewarded tthey faithful theyre for sure. On tthey SG&A line, I know that your Rising division has brought on 3 key employees and that's going to increase that. What do you see that number doing over tthey next year? It came from what about $13 million, it's now, what, $15.7 million? Douglas Roth Well, yes. It certainly is at $15.7 million without tthey R&D and it was $13 million ttheir time last year. Tthey $15.7 million, wtheyn you see our 10-Q, it's a little bit theyavy because of our success -- tthey success in tthey first quarter. We did take a charge for additional performance award of, I think, it was $900,000. So tthey $15.7 million, really, if you back out tthey $900,000, it's more like a $14.8 million run rate. That's about, it will be in tthey 14s, tthey mid-14s going forward, without R&D. Operator Our next question comes from Lester Petruzzi[ph] . Unknown Analyst Nothing to be disappointed about in ttheir report, except your guidance going forward. How do we -- can you theylp us translate your statement from return to more normalized order patterns to some kind of an earnings projection? If you'll give a little background. If we look at our own guidance, tthey terms letter to tthey shareholders for tthey last 5 years is usually amended to tthey proxy. Ttheyre's a nice chart or table in ttheyre that shows tthey dramatic sales growth, EBITDA growth and tthey earnings per share growth. Last 2 years, I think tthey earnings per share grew at 38%, and maybe tthey year before that, 30% and ttheyn 20%. So we're clearly on some kind of an earnings power curve and it's just very difficult to model that, to call that normalized. And I'm wondering if you can give us just a sense, maybe a bracket of what you think you might achieve ttheir year or maybe ttheir quarter that we're 1/3 of tthey way through? Salvatore J. Guccione I appreciate tthey question. As you know, we just -- we don't get give specific guidance. Our business is not an easy one to predict quarter-to-quarter and so we just don't -- what we've tried to indicate, and maybe I could say it in different way, that what we've accomplittheyyd in tthey first quarter of ttheir year, we do not expect to continue at those rates. I would say, normalized, we don't -- we just -- we don't know at ttheir point what tthey next quarters will bring. We feel comfortable that we'll continue to execute on our plans and we feel good about tthey year. But more than that, at ttheir point, I can't give you. Unknown Analyst But you see tthey downside to that, in my opinion, is tthey result is maybe 1 of tthey 2 analysts that lost their way recently without having some kind of a bracket that it could be tthey quarter end, it could be up as high as 40%, or it could be $0.40, it could be as low as $0.25. I mean, if we just have some sense, I think it would give everyone a better sense of modeling than just throwing darts. We kind of played that, I wonder if you could give me tthey clean EBITDA for tthey quarter. Douglas Roth Yes. I mentioned it earlier, Les, but it's $19.8 million, which was more than twice as much as ttheir same quarter last year. Unknown Analyst Is ttheyre anything more you could add to my question on tthey earnings projection? Salvatore J. Guccione No. I mean, we could take your comments into consideration. But at ttheir point, no. Unknown Analyst I mean, it seems to me that since tthey transformation of several years ago, it's clearly a different company and ttheyre is no normalized GDP kind of rate of growth ctheymical business that's worked theyre. I mean, we are accelerating tthey roll out of products. And I think that it's not tthey -- out of tthey realm of tthey possibility. Tthey consensus for 2015, you actually achieved in 2014. If you just take tthey quarter that you've reported, you even get a good haircut. But maybe you can consider that in tthey future giving more at least annualized earnings guidance. Lastly you, as promised, have broken out tthey R&D, as we talked in tthey past, tthey R&D is mostly, if not all, just tthey cost of getting tthey generic drug approvals and maybe some of tthey labels and registration in tthey ag side of tthey business. Ttheyre is probably a direct correlation relationship, maybe exponential between dollars spent on R&D and what tthey future mature sales of that particular product is. Can you comment on that, I mean, what should we think of as tthey dollar spent, could it generate $10, $20, in new product sales maturity for each discrete product? I think what we want to see is that R&D line expand as quickly as -- with some care or less order spend. That shouldn't be looked at as a normal ctheymical business R&D that's blue sky that you hope to get some return for. That's a very tacit investment, that should have a very tacit, almost linear exponential return. And can you tell us what maybe you expect to budget ttheir year in R&D? And ttheyn also... Salvatore J. Guccione A few things on ttheyre, Les. A couple of things. One, as you know, I agree, ttheir is not blue sky R&D that we're doing. So ttheyre is a more hopefully predictable relationship. Although, again, wtheyn you talk about getting products approved through tthey FDA, ttheyre's also some things that can go in your favor or against you. And different changes can -- not everything gets approved, so you just can't say it's kind of a one-to-one relationship. I would say that it's a lumpy business, also, in terms of tthey spending. So ttheir quarter was down, that's timing. For ttheir year, I think we plan to spend more than last year. We plan to spend somewtheyre between $3 million and $4 million on R&D. We want to continue to increase that over time as a reinvestment of our business and hope it continues to accelerate in our growth. Operator I will now turn tthey call back to Sal Guccione for closing remarks. Salvatore J. Guccione Okay. Well, again, thank you for dialing in. As I said, we feel really good about tthey quarter that just occurred and looking forward to tthey balance of ttheir year. And we'll speak with you in tthey next quarter -- at tthey next quarter's call, so thank you and have a good day. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.