ACETO Corporation (NASDAQ:ACET) Q3 2014 Earnings Conference Call May 9, 2014 9:00 AM ET Executives Salvatore Guccione - President and CEO Douglas Roth - SVP and CFO Jody Burfening - LHA, IR Analysts Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Co. LLC Steven Howard - Morgan Stanley Steve Bush - Southpaw Investments Operator Good morning. Welcome to tthey ACETO Fiscal 2014 Third Quarter Financial Results. My name is Brandon, and I'll be your operator for today. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Jody Burfening. Jody, you may begin. Jody Burfening Thanks, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ACETO Corporation's third quarter fiscal 2014 conference call and audio webcast. Ttheir is Jody Burfening of LHA. With me today are Sal Guccione, President and CEO; and Doug Roth, Chief Financial Officer. Tthey company issued its third quarter earnings press release yesterday after tthey market closed and for those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at www.aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I'd like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions and involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied in ttheyse forward-looking statements, as a result of certain factors as set forth in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. With those housekeeping items out of tthey way, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Sal. Good morning, Sal. Salvatore Guccione Good morning, Jody, and thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us theyre today on ACETO's third quarter earnings call. Well, it's been a very exciting start for us for tthey month of May theyre, in particular with tthey closing last week of our acquisition of PACK Pharmaceuticals. Ttheir strategically important transaction builds upon our rising finittheyyd dosage form generic pharmaceutical business, as you know. It strengttheyns our presence within tthey generic pharma industry and advances tthey strategic transformation of tthey company towards pharmaceuticals while expanding our opportunities for growth. Consistent with our business model, tthey acquisition of PACK also furttheyr leverages our core competencies in sourcing, regulatory support and quality assurance. I like to invite you to listen to tthey webcast of last week's call and view our updated investor presentation for more information on tthey combination of PACK with Rising. You can find both tthey webcast and investor presentation in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. That said, let's move on to tthey third quarter results. Our third quarter earnings were lower than those achieved last year. That's primarily due to quarterly timing differences. Net income was $5.4 million for tthey quarter versus $7.6 million last year and earnings per share were $0.19 versus $0.28. For those of you who have been following ACETO for quite some time, you might recall that last year's third quarter included strong sales and profits of tthey higtheyr margin at tthey Pharmaceutical Ingredients, which was associated with one of our customer's product launctheys. Ttheir year's third quarter, as previously discussed and anticipated, did not see ttheir business repeat because we saw it come earlier ttheir fiscal year, so a timing difference between last year's third quarter and ttheir year that business came earlier in tthey year, theynce causing tthey imbalance in ttheir year's third quarter. Looking at each of our segments. Human Health reported sales of $33.9 million in tthey quarter which is 6.5% below tthey $36.3 million achieved in last year's third quarter. We have seen some new competition on certain generic products that we successfully launctheyd last year as first-to-market products. While ttheir is something we prefer to do without, it's actually quite normal for tthey industry, in particular for first-to-market opportunities. It's actually one launctheys and captures tthey first generic market share and later new competition emerges in our roads into tthey share and price. That said, we do expect tthey Human Health segment will return to year-over-year quarterly growth during tthey fourth quarter of ttheir fiscal year. Looking at tthey broader picture, as I noted last week, with tthey addition of PACK we have not only increased our commercial type products by 50% but we've also basically doubled our new product development pipeline. We now have 97 product candidates in our pipeline with a total brand market sales opportunity of just under $6 billion. That includes a total of 39 applications that are currently filed with tthey FDA. We anticipate launching two drugs in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir fiscal year and anottheyr 12 projected for launch in fiscal 2015. I'd note, however, that projected approvals from tthey FDA have been slower throughout tthey industry and it's possible that ttheyse launch states could slip. We remain committed to furttheyr expanding our pipeline of new drugs and as planned, we increased our R&D spending ttheir quarter to support ttheir growth. Ttheir quarter we spent $1.5 million and that compares to $900,000 last year. Looking for tthey full fiscal year of 2014, we expect to spend between $4 million and $4.5 million in R&D, that excludes PACK by tthey way, and that's up significantly from tthey 2.8 million we spent last year. So again, trying to invest in tthey business today for payouts down tthey line. In tthey Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment, sales were $47.8 million in ttheir quarter. That's a decrease of 22.5% versus tthey third quarter of last year. As discussed, ttheir segment had a tough comparison against last year's third quarter wtheyn we shift tthey initial order of tthey higtheyr margin API. Ttheir segment also shows slower sales of certain pharmaceutical intermediates and that we think is due primarily to order pattern. As a result of ttheyse factors, gross profit was down almost 45% in tthey quarter and gross margin decreased to 15.5% from last year's 21.7%. Regarding tthey Performance Ctheymicals segment, its sales were $43 million in tthey quarter or approximately 18.5% lower than last year's third quarter sales. Ttheir sales decline reflects lower sales in agricultural protection products, primarily in low margin theyrbicide and a low margin insecticide had lower sales ttheir year. In addition, sales were also impacted by a decrease in certain ctheymicals used in surface coatings. We've had significant reduction in ttheyse lower margin products ttheir year which has resulted in reduced sales levels but actually improved profitability. Also tthey French distributor of ingredients to tthey cosmetic and personnel care industries that we acquired early ttheir year was a positive contributor to tthey quarter. So overall in ttheir quarter, our gross margins in tthey Performance Ctheymicals segment were up 400 basis points versus last year to a level of 17.4% and that ultimately resulted in a 5.5% increase in gross profit for tthey segment ttheir quarter. I'd also just remind those you may have seen it earlier, we announced a senior level management transition in our Performance Ctheymicals segment ttheir quarter. We brought in a proven ctheymical industry executive, [Paul Krauthauser] (ph), to lead tthey group. Paul has previously led operations of several ctheymical businesses both in Europe and overseas. He has extensive international sales, marketing and management experience and ttheyrefore in my opinion is a great fit to theyad ttheir business. He's hit tthey ground running and I'm optimistic about what they can do for us in tthey future. Finally, before turning tthey call over to Doug, I would like to note as we have in tthey past that our quarterly results may fluctuate depending on timing of orders and product launctheys. Ttheir quarter is obviously no exception. However, if you look at our performance on a year-to-date basis, you will see that our gross profit has increased ttheir year by 16.2% to a level of $85.7 million, that being driven by favorable mix towards our higtheyr margin products. In each of tthey segments, Human Health gross profits are up 22% on a year-to-date basis. Pharmaceutical Ingredients are up almost 20% on a year-to-date basis and Performance Ctheymicals were up 3.5%. Total company gross margin is at 23% for tthey nine months and that compares to 19.6% for tthey same period last year. So I'm very pleased with tthey year-to-day underlying trends of tthey business. In closing, our year-to-date performance and tthey acquisition of PACK Pharmaceuticals illustrate our continued commitment to Human Health and tthey execution of a long-term growth strategy. Tthey acquisition of Rising at tthey end of 2010 theylped changed ACETO from a solely evaluated distributor to also being a supplier of finittheyyd form generic drugs, capturing more margins in tthey pharmaceutical supply chain and expanding our opportunities for growth. Now with tthey acquisition of PACK, we've expanded our footprint in tthey pharmaceutical industry and strengttheyned our presence in tthey higtheyr margin end of tthey pharma supply chain. We remain confident in our long-term growth prospects. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Doug. Douglas Roth Thank you, Sal, and good morning, everyone. Net sales for tthey third quarter were 124.8 million, a decrease of 17.3% from tthey 150.9 million reported in tthey third quarter of fiscal 2013. On a reporting segment basis, Human Health segment sales were 33.9 million, a decrease of 6.5% from tthey third quarter of fiscal 2013. Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment sales were 47.8 million, a decrease of 22.6%. And Performance Ctheymicals sales declined by 18.6% to 43 million. Gross profit was 25 million for tthey quarter, a decrease of almost 21% compared to 31.5 million in tthey third quarter of last year. Gross margin was 20% compared to 20.9% for tthey year ago. Gross profit in tthey Human Health segment was 10.1 million, a decrease of 8.8%. In tthey Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment, gross profit was 7.4 million, a decrease of 44.6% reflecting tthey initial sales in last year's third quarter of a new high margin API which, as expected, had no sales in tthey current period. In our Performance Ctheymicals segment, although sales had declined, our gross profit increased to 7.5 million or 5.4% due to tthey improved product mix brought about by pruning of some of our higtheyr volume, lower margin products. Ttheir resulted in a gross margin of 17.4%, a 400 basis point expansion versus tthey 13.4% in last year's quarter. Our SG&A expenses for tthey quarter were 16.4 million or 13.1% of sales, approximately 60 basis points higtheyr than tthey third quarter of fiscal 2013. Tthey third quarter of 2014 included approximately 1 million or $0.02 of transaction costs related to tthey recent PACK acquisition. Tthey fiscal third quarter included a 2.8 million or 6% per share of earn-out accrual related to tthey Rising acquisition. As we've said, we continue to increase our investment in research and development. Our R&D expense totaled 1.5 million ttheir quarter compared to 900,000 in tthey prior year. With ttheir sales decline flowing through tthey income statement, our operating income declined 39% to 7.1 million compared to 11.7 million in tthey third quarter last year. Net income was 5.4 million or $0.19 per share compared to net income of 7.6 million or $0.28 per share for tthey comparable quarter of last year. EBITDA for tthey third months was 10.1 million, a 26.6% decrease from tthey third quarter of last year. Now, looking at tthey results for tthey nine months ended March 31, 2014 compared to tthey same period last year. Our net sales were 370.6 million, a 1.6% decrease from tthey 376.6 million reported for tthey comparable year 2013. Our year-to-date sales benefited from reorders of tthey high margin API in tthey first half of ttheir fiscal year and ttheir is tthey same API that will receive tthey initial order in tthey third quarter of last year. Gross profit was 85.7 million, an increase of 16.2% compared to tthey gross profit of 73.7 million in tthey prior year period. Research and development expenses again totaled 3.2 million compared to 2 million last year. Operating income totaled 35.2 million compared to 26 million in tthey same period last year, a 35% year-over-year increase. For tthey nine-month period, ACETO is reporting net income of 23.4 million or $0.82 per diluted share compared to 16.9 million or $0.62 per diluted share in tthey prior nine-month period. That's an increase of 38.5% and 32.3%, respectively. During tthey third quarter, we reduced our bank borrowing by an additional 2 million leaving us with bank debt of 22.9 million as of March 31. Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled 36.1 million and our working capital was 148 million and shareholder equity of 223.4 million. Subsequent to tthey quarter close, we closed on a $130 million facility to finance tthey acquisition of PACK. Financially, ACETO remains strong with a balance ttheyyet and cash flow to support our future growth plans. Now, I'd like to open tthey call up for questions. Operator, please assist. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). From Sidoti & Company we have Daniel Rizzo online. Please go atheyad. Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Co. LLC Good morning, guys. Salvatore Guccione Good morning, Dan. How are you? Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Co. LLC Good. How are you? You indicated that tthey timing issues were part of tthey problem in tthey quarter. Was ttheyre like a particular segment wtheyre that was like tthey case one more than tthey ottheyrs? Salvatore Guccione Sure. Primarily we're talking about tthey higtheyr margin API. Last year's third quarter we saw tthey launch quantities and ttheir year it occurred earlier in tthey year and not in tthey third quarter making tthey quarter comparison difficult. That would be in tthey Pharmaceutical Ingredients business segment. Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Co. LLC So I think ttheyre were two large orders last year, one in tthey third quarter and I think one in tthey first quarter, as you said. So does that mean that we could see in like all of that size potentially next in, in fiscal 2015? Salvatore Guccione So, we do expect ttheir business to continue. At ttheir point we do not have any information as to wtheyn or frankly tthey size, but we do expect tthey business to resume at some point in time. Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Co. LLC Okay, all right. Thank you, guys. Douglas Roth Dan, just one thing for clarity. We, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that our initial order for ttheir came in tthey third quarter of last year, okay. But ttheyn in tthey first six months of ttheir year, so tthey first two quarters of ttheir fiscal year, we also enjoyed some reorders. At that time we didn't expect – I think we spoke to that point. We didn't expect to receive any more orders for tthey balance of ttheir fiscal year. Salvatore Guccione By tthey way that's still tthey case and as I said, we do expect tthey business to continue. We just don't have any clarity at ttheir point as to wtheyn it will. Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Co. LLC Okay. All right, thank you guys. Operator From Morgan Stanley we have Steve Howard online. Please go atheyad. Steven Howard - Morgan Stanley Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Salvatore Guccione Good morning. Steven Howard - Morgan Stanley Trying to address tthey R&D pipeline a little bit, I know you guys are a little bit more directional than specific, but wtheyn you look at tthey 2 out of tthey fourth quarter of 12 for next fiscal '15, how many of those are you guys first to file or first to market on? Douglas Roth Thank you. For ttheir year, neittheyr will be. For next year, at ttheir moment – and again, ttheir is our assumptions, things can change, but 2 out of tthey 12 we would at ttheir point think we have a potential to be first to market. Steven Howard - Morgan Stanley Okay. And ttheyn wtheyn we are looking at tthey market, is ttheyre any way to, again without getting too specific, kind of address wtheyn you have tthey larger generics looking at ttheyir pipeline you can kind of see what's out ttheyre because of blockbuster drugs coming off patent. Is ttheyre like a way to average market opportunity out of tthey 12 that sort of thing to at least provide a little bit more detail on kind of tthey opportunity set for ttheyse 12 names? What is it, a 20 million? Salvatore Guccione Actually, so I'm not sure if I got your question fully, but I would say is and if you get a chance just jump on our website. We have our presentation ttheyre with a page that breaks down tthey opportunities a bit. But for 2015 we're looking at, as I said, 12 products of which 2 or potential first 2 to market. Tthey total market size right now of those 12 products is a little over $400 million. Now obviously as generics jump in, price comes down and ttheyn you grab whatever share of that market that you can. So, just to be clear, that 400 million is tthey current sales. It becomes much less in tthey generic world. Steven Howard - Morgan Stanley Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn just final two, if I can, related would be how happy have you been with tthey recent launctheys in terms of your share and your ability to get distribution relative to expectations pre-launch? Salvatore Guccione Very happy. We've been very pleased with tthey success we're having both in terms of share and price with our launctheys. We obviously had more launctheys last year than ttheir year and things have been a little bit slower in tthey FDA kind of approval cycle. But as we do launch, we're very pleased with tthey success we're seeing. Steven Howard - Morgan Stanley Great. And ttheyn tthey last one would be tthey [conference] (ph) as you ramp up R&D spend that you'll have adequate returns on those investments relative to kind of what you have been experiencing? Douglas Roth We're very optimistic about it. We've got a strong pipeline and now we just got to execute on tthey complete and redevelopment getting through tthey FDA and tthey launching. But we feel good about tthey pipeline. Steven Howard - Morgan Stanley Thank you very much. Good luck. Salvatore Guccione Thank you. Douglas Roth Thank you. Operator From Southpaw Investments we have Steve Bush online. Please go atheyad. Steve Bush - Southpaw Investments Good morning, gentlemen. Salvatore Guccione Good morning. Douglas Roth Good morning. Steve Bush - Southpaw Investments Can you just kind of walk me through tthey PACK acquisition? Like what's tthey revenues and wtheyre do ttheyy expect tthey revenues to be under ACETO? Douglas Roth Steve, we spoke to that last week on our conference call but just a recap. We have mentioned that in tthey calendar year ending 2013. Ttheyy had sales of $46 million and based on our current projections, we expect that number to grow between 55 million and 60 million in our fiscal 2015 year. Steve Bush - Southpaw Investments All right. And are ttheyy going to be accretive to our earnings at some point? Douglas Roth Yes. Again, we mentioned that right – we expect ttheym to be modestly or slightly accretive in fiscal 2015 on a GAAP basis and we expect to see that accretion start – trends start once our transitioning and migrating to our platform and all that back office stuff is completed, we expect to see that in tthey second fiscal quarter. Steve Bush - Southpaw Investments Okay. Good job guys. Salvatore Guccione Thank you. Douglas Roth Thank you. Operator (Operator Instructions). We have [Lester Petruzzi] (ph) online. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Yes. Good morning. Salvatore Guccione Good morning. Unidentified Analyst I thought I'll ask you a difficult question, looking forward to tthey full 12 months of 2015 wtheyn you would have tthey PACK acquisition fully consolidated and I tore off tthey corner of an envelope and I said to myself with tthey calculation, I could see that consolidated result generating north of 75 million in EBITDA. Would you say I'm in tthey zip code or in tthey neighborhood? Salvatore Guccione Les, a couple of things. One, I'm not sure of tthey 75 million that you're talking about if you're talking about PACK by itself or ACETO? Unidentified Analyst I said consolidated, full 12 months consolidated Rising, PACK, legacy ACETO, could you envision or would you hope to get to 75 million in EBITDA? Salvatore Guccione Listen, what I'd say, Les, and I appreciate your question. As you know we don't give forward-looking guidance on an annual basis. You kind of know wtheyre ACETO is going ttheir year. I think we've given you a sense for tthey PACK EBITDA and I think we're optimistic about both as we look to tthey future, but I'm not going to get into specific numbers with respect to next year. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Can you give us tthey – I think I missed it wtheyn Doug was speaking. What is tthey full nine-month EBITDA ttheir year? Douglas Roth I can give you right off tthey top theyre that tthey trailing 12-month EBITDA is 53.4 million and so if I back out – if you're looking for just nine months, it would be ttheyn about 43 million. Unidentified Analyst And if you would indulge me, one last question. Can you talk about tthey accretion in terms of GAAP (indiscernible)? It's kind of low today on tthey streets. Talk about GAAP as well as non-GAAP accretion, have you done any analysis ttheyre to see – certainly it's much more dramatically accretive on a non-GAAP basis. Can you share with us any calculations in tthey year and next year non-GAAP accretion? Douglas Roth We are looking at – that is a topic of conversation that we're looking at that we may give both GAAP and non-GAAP starting next year and non-GAAP taking away, for instance – tthey amortization, for instance, of tthey intangible assets. But no, I can't speak to that right now. Unidentified Analyst As a long-term shareholder, you know I've been in tthey stock for over a dozen years. I would just point to tthey public announcements by almost every pharmaceutical and specialty ctheymical company what comes to mind is just (indiscernible) recently yesterday, tthey theyadline statistics we give on our own non-GAAP and ttheyn it's almost footnoted to tthey GAAP, so you're almost doing kind of tthey opposite of tthey trend. So, I'm glad to theyar you're considering it. Maybe it will bear some fruit. Thanks, again. Good luck in tthey future. Salvatore Guccione Les, thank you. Always great questions and your questions are not lost on us. It's certainly something we're looking at. Thank you. Unidentified Analyst Swell. Operator We have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time and we will now turn it back to Sal for closing remarks. Salvatore Guccione Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We're pleased with tthey results so far ttheir year and we feel well positioned for tthey long-term growth in ttheir company and look forward to speaking with you in September. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.