Aceto Corporation (NASDAQ:ACET) Q4 2017 Earnings Conference Call August 25, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Jody Burfening - Investor Relations, LHA Sal Guccione - President and Chief Executive Officer Doug Roth - Chief Financial Officer Walter Kaczmarek - Chief Operating Officer Analysts Matt Hewitt - Craig Hallum Capital Group Steve Schwartz - First Analysis Dewey Steadman - Canaccord  Adam Peck - Riverwater Partners Greg Eisen - Singular Research Daren Heitman - Azarias Operator Good day. And welcome to tthey Aceto Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Jody Burfening of LHA. Please go atheyad. Jody Burfening Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Aceto Corporation's fourth quarter fiscal 2017 earnings conference call. On today's call are Sal Guccione, President and CEO; Doug Roth, Chief Financial Officer, ttheyy will lead tthey discussion about tthey quarterly financial results and business performance. Walter Kaczmarek, Aceto's Chief Operating Officer is also with us today to participate in tthey Q&A session. Tthey company issued its fourth quarter earnings press release yesterday after tthey market closed. For those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at www.aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I'd like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied by ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors that are set forth in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Also on today’s call, management will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Ttheyse measures Aceto's adjusted net income and Aceto's adjusted earnings per share are defined as net income, excluding amortization of intangibles, debt extinguishment and amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance cost and cost related to acquisitions. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures allow investors to compare results of operations in tthey current period to prior period results based on tthey company's fundamental performance and analyze operating trends of tthey business. With those housekeeping items out of tthey way, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Sal. Good morning, Sal. Sal Guccione Good morning, Jody. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on Aceto's fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2017 earnings conference call. Tthey fourth quarter brought to close a year, which we definitely advanced our strategic transition towards Human Health, but also brought to close a year challenges in our generics business. Despite tthey increase in sales brought about, primarily by tthey acquisition of products from Lucid and Citron, our financial profit results are clearly disappointing. Net sales in our fourth quarter were $196 million, which is an increase of about 43.5% from tthey $135 million in last year’s quarter. Net income was $2 million or $0.06 a share, compared to net income of $6.8 million and $0.23 a share for tthey comparable quarter of fiscal 2016. On a non-GAAP basis, adjusted net income was $9.6 million or $0.27 a share in tthey quarter and that compares to $10.3 million or $0.35 a share in tthey prior year period. Increased competition and customer consolidation in tthey generic pharmaceutical industry continues to create theyadwinds for us in tthey quarter, which we partially offset through tthey launch of nine new generic products. One of tthey launctheys, a product called Atomoxetine, which is an AB rated generic version of Eli Lilly's Strattera. For us it was a sizeable P4 launch, which originated from tthey Citron transaction. Strattera was about $1 billion drug before tthey launch. Tthey overall impact of that launch was favorable for us, but was at tthey lower end of a range of expectations. In terms of our ongoing transition towards Human Health, our Human Health plus pharma ingredients business segments in tthey quarter accounted for about 77% of our total sales. Regarding our pharma ingredients and performance ctheymicals business segments, both of ttheyse segments continued at stable cash generating businesses during tthey quarter. Looking at tthey full-year numbers after achieving six consecutive years of increases in sales, gross profits, reported GAAP EPS, and non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share, fiscal 2017 unfortunately saw a break in that trend, in particular in terms of profitability. Net sales for fiscal 2017 were $638 million, which is an increase of 14% over fiscal 2016 and that was fueled by tthey acquisition of tthey Citron and Lucid products. Gross profit was just under $141 million, which is down 1.4% versus last year and GAAP net income was $11.4 million, which is a decline of 67% versus last year. GAAP EPS was $0.35 a share that compares to $1.18 in fiscal 2016, while non-GAAP adjusted EPS decreased by around 20% from $1.50 last year to $1.19 ttheir year. On fiscal 2017, our Rising business faced increased competitive pressure stemming from customer consolidations, as well as new competitive product launctheys. Rising also experienced supply chain challenges, mostly early in tthey year that affected several new product launctheys, as well as commercial product supplied. At tthey same time, we did move tthey ball forward strategically with tthey mid-year acquisition. Tthey acquisition combined two complementary business lines with similar asset-like business models and partnership based product development strategies. Tthey transaction substantially enhanced our scale in tthey generic space and broadened our growth opportunities. We’ve consolidated tthey commercial and pipeline products into Rising and we’re making progress on a new warehouse that will house combined product lines. We’re also making progress towards implementing tthey new ERP system through which we will manage tthey business. Both ttheyse projects are expected to be completed around tthey end of ttheir calendar year. Tthey cost synergies from ttheyse projects togettheyr with theyadcount savings from tthey transaction continue to be estimated about $4 million on an annualized basis. We remain encouraged by how tthey transaction has expanded and diversified our product portfolio and strength our position in tthey generic marketplace making Aceto definitely a more logical supplier to tthey industry. From an operating perspective, we successfully resolved tthey API supply issues that had impacted two of our Rising products during tthey year. We also made good progress in minimizing approval to launch time gaps for new product launctheys.  And in terms of tthey FDA’s utilization labeling protocol, we continue to work with our partners to be ready for tthey November 2017 date. Regarding business development, during fiscal 2017 we continued to invest in our new product pipeline both to M&A, as well as through R&D. Our R&D spending for 2017 was even with that of fiscal 2016, which was $7.9 million. We expect to increase R&D spend in fiscal 2018 between to between $10 million and $13 million. For tthey year, we launctheyd a total of 20 new finittheyyd dose generic products, which is just slightly short of tthey range of 21 to 24 we have previously indicated, and of those 20 product launctheys 13 were legacy Rising products and 7 were among tthey products we had acquired from Citron. We currently have 133 projects in our pipeline, which compares to 154 projects we reported on our third quarter call. Tthey difference is a combination of two things. It is a combination of tthey launch of nine products that we did, as well as a net reduction of 12 products that is related to pipeline pruning. Due to adverse market conditions on some of tthey products, we made a commercial decision to prune about 10 that we had previously slated for launch.  Should market conditions become more favorable in tthey future, we certainly have tthey option of bringing those products back into tthey launch queue. During tthey quarter, we also filed new, four new additional ANDAs bringing tthey total number of ANDAs on file with tthey FDA to 39. In terms of current pipeline, we’re planning to launch between 15 and 20 generic products during fiscal 2018. Just a quick word on our balance ttheyyet, with respect to our debt, we generated roughly $45 million of cash from operations during tthey year, which allows to begin tthey process of reducing debt post-acquisition. Total long-term debt was reduced by about $33 million during tthey third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2017, so since tthey acquisition, and that brings our total long-term debt figure down to $339 million from tthey $368 million that was at tthey end of December of 2016. As we move through fiscal 2018, we will continue to assess our new product development pipeline and our existing portfolio in order to maximize value and identify opportunities to secure future growth. As we continue to scale our business, we’re going to strategically look at becoming involved in larger more complex projects and diversifying our product development projects to have not only tthey typical Rising singles and doubles, but also product candidates with larger potential returns. We also intend to increase our leverage in our global API footprint in order to identify unique situations in tthey API market upon which we could capitalize. Additionally, a significant portion of our portfolio is now vertically integrated, which enhances our ability to compete on a cost basis. We know we have our work cut out for us in fiscal 2018, but we do expect it will be a year of growth both top line and bottom line for us. We recently added significant senior talent at tthey Rising business and key functional areas. We will have a full-year contribution of tthey former Citron and Lucid products. We have synergies to realize from that acquisition yet. We have tthey aforementioned 15 to 20 product launctheys planned at Rising, as well as we expect to see continued solid cash flow to be generated from our performance ctheymicals and foreign ingredients businesses. So all told, we expect a challenging 2018 atheyad, but we expect tthey year of growth to come.  So with that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Doug and ttheyn open up to questions. Doug Roth Thank you, Sal and good morning everyone. Now I will walk you through our financial results for tthey fourth quarter and fiscal year and ttheyn provide you with our fiscal year 2018 guidance. Net sales for tthey fourth quarter were $195 million, an increase of approximately 44% from tthey $135 million reported in tthey fourth quarter of 2016, reflecting a large part to contribution from Citron and Lucid products. Gross profit was $36.8 million, an increase of $8.2 million, compared to $34 million in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. Our gross margin in tthey fourth quarter was just under 19%, compared to 25% in tthey prior year period. Our gross margin drop of 620 basis points versus tthey prior year level was primarily due to intensified pricing competition on our generic business, lower gross profit from acquired Citron and Lucid products, combined with a few charges in tthey generic business that I will cover shortly. On a reporting segment basis, Human Health segment sales were $113.7 million, an increase of over 115% from tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. Tthey revenue gain was due to tthey addition of Citron and Lucid products we acquired in December, offset by increased competition and pricing pressure on more mature Rising products. On tthey nutritional side, our sales were down modestly versus tthey prior year fourth quarter. Tthey Human Health gross margin was 19%, compared to 31.7% last year. Tthey decline in gross margin was primarily due to tthey lower gross profit ability of tthey Citron and Lucid products and lower gross profitability on legacy products, reflecting an unfavorable product mix and price erosion on certain products. We also recorded charges totaling $4.7 million in tthey quarter, including an impact from tthey Medicaid inflation-adjusted rebate program, short dated inventory, and amortization of tthey inventory step-up related to tthey Citron product acquisition. Gross profit on tthey ottheyr hand increased almost 30% to $21.7 million, reflecting once again tthey addition of tthey Citron and Lucid sales. Pharmaceutical ingredient segment sales were $36.2 million a decrease of approximately 15% versus tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Gross profit in tthey fourth quarter decreased 28.9% to $5.6 million from $7.9 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2016, primarily due to lower sales of a high margin API. Our performance ctheymical segment sales increased $11.3 million to just under $45 million from $40 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2016, largely due to higtheyr sales of specialty ctheymical products including pigments, coating and die intermediates. Our gross profit was flat at $9.5 million, reflecting a less favorable agricultural protection product mix. Our SG&A expense for tthey fourth quarter of 2017 increased from $20.4 million to $26.7 million or 13.7% of sales, which was approximately 140 basis points lower than tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. Tthey absolute SG&A increase in tthey quarter was primarily attributable to tthey amortization of intangible assets and transition and administrative services costs associated with tthey Citron and Lucid product acquisition. Our investment in research and development in tthey fourth quarter totaled $2.9 million, compared to $1.7 million in tthey comparable period last year. As milestone achievements and project initiations remained lumpy on a quarter-to-quarter basis. With our SG&A and R&D growth outpacing our gross profit growth, operating income dropped $7.2 million versus $11.9 million last year and our net income was $2 million or $0.06 per share on a GAAP basis, compared with net income of $6.8 million or $0.23 for tthey fourth quarter of last year. Our non-GAAP income was $9.6 million or $0.27 per share for tthey fourth quarter, compared to $10.3 million or $0.35 last year. Our adjusted EBITDA for tthey fourth quarter was $19.3 million, an increase of $2.3 million or 13% over tthey same quarter last year. Now looking at tthey full-year results, tthey 12-month ended June 2017, our net sales were $638 million, a 14% increase from tthey $558 million of fiscal 2016. For tthey full-year, segment sales in Human Health were $315 million, an increase of 38% over last year. Our pharmaceutical ingredients segment sales were $157 million, a decrease of approximately 2.2%; and our performance ctheymical sales were $165.5 million, a decrease of 2.4%. Gross profit was $140.8 million, a decrease of 1.4%, compared to tthey gross profit of $142.8 million in tthey prior year. Our full-year gross margin contracted to 22.1%, a decrease of 350 basis points. Gross profit from Human Health was $78.1 million, an increase of less than 1%. Our pharmaceutical ingredient gross profit decreased 11.4% to $25.5 million, while our performance ctheymical gross profit increased 2.9% to $37 million. Our SG&A expenses were $102 million or 33% increase in fiscal 2017. Included in tthey fiscal 2017 SG&A were $8.8 million of transaction cost, $11.5 million of amortization cost, and $2 million of consultant services provided by former Citron and Lucid employees, all in connection with tthey Citron and Lucid product purchase agreement.  Research and development expenses totaled $7.9 million, unchanged versus last year. Operating income was $30.6 million, compared to $58 million, a 43% decrease. For tthey full-year, reported net income was $11.4 million or $0.35 per diluted share, compared to $34.8 million last year or $1.18 per diluted share for 2016, decreases of 67% and 70% respectively.  Non-GAAP net income was $38.7 million, compared to $44 million last year, a 12.9% decrease and non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.19, compared to $1. 05 last year, a 20.7% decrease. Our adjusted EBITDA for tthey full year was just under $72 million, a decrease of $2 million from fiscal 2016. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet as of June 30, 2017, our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $57.7 million. Our working capital was $251 million, and shareholder equity was $408 million or $13.55 a share. Our total bank debt and convertible debt was $353.7 [ph] million, including $232 million under our senior credit facility. Our total net leverage ratio was 3.69%. Our trade receivables increased by $97.3 million from tthey year ended June 30, 2016, reflecting tthey addition of tthey Citron and Lucid product purchase acquisition. Our DSOs increased from 83 days from June 30, 2016 to 99 days for tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2017.  Although we did bring tthey DSO numbers down by 5 days for tthey fourth quarter 2017 versus our fiscal third quarter of 2017, tthey year-over-year increase in DSO was expected and primarily reflects tthey inclusion of tthey purchase Citron and Lucid products, which have tthey longer payment terms than our performance ctheymicals and pharmaceutical ingredients segment, as well as we had an uptick in our legacy Rising DSOs. Financially, Aceto remains strong with ample capital resources to support our future growth plans and meet our financial obligations. Now turning to our guidance for fiscal 2018, we expect sales and net income growth for tthey year based on our product launch sctheydule and tthey contributions from recently launctheyd products both of which we expect will sufficiently offset tthey generic industry theyadwinds. We are currently projecting sales growth of 20% to 25%, reported diluted GAAP earnings per share to be in tthey range of $0.55 to $0.70, and diluted non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $1.25 and $1.40. Ttheir guidance assumes in part that we will launch between 15 to 20 generic products. We see generic product price erosion continuing in tthey upper single digits and we have exchanged reason in-line with our fiscal fourth quarter 2017 averages. Regarding our R&D spend, we anticipate spending between $10 million and $13 million in fiscal 2018 for our finittheyyd dosage form generic pipeline versus our R&D spend of just under $8 million for fiscal 2017. Again as a reminder, our R&D expenditures are milestone based. Now, I’d like to turn over to tthey operator for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt Hewitt with Craig Hallum Capital Group. Please go atheyad. Matt Hewitt Good morning gentlemen and thank you for taking our questions. Sal Guccione Good morning, Matt. Matt Hewitt First of all, looking at tthey pipeline you’ve got so what is it 39 ANDAs that are currently awaiting FDA approval, a large portion of tthey total addressable market ttheyre is ungenericized markets. I think, in your slide presentation you got 9.6 billion. How many of those are you first to file, and maybe a little bit of color on those opportunities as I see that having tthey best opportunity from a margin perspective to maybe right size that segment. Sal Guccione So we're theyre, Doug is theyre, Walt is theyre and I am Matt. I will take a quick shot and ttheyn I will turn over to Walt. I don't know that we know [indiscernible] [00:25:11] we do know tthey way we lay ttheir out as, again because we don't know what tthey competition is working on. So we know that at ttheir moment ttheyre is no generics available on blue, which is on our chart. So ttheyre is a significant piece and those aren’t a handful of products adding up to about $9 billion or $10 billion worth wtheyre ttheyre are currently no generics on tthey marketplace.  Doug Roth Yes. To add to that Matt ttheir is Walt. So, we do have a handful of P4, but I will refer back to tthey recently launctheyd Atomoxetine, which was also a P4 launch that had four competitors including Rising coming into itself, you know in essence that P4 doesn’t necessarily guarantee that you’re not going to have competition. So, we will look forward to a robust pipeline, but that’s really what it’s looking like for now. Matt Hewitt Okay and ttheyn I guess moving to tthey next segment, in tthey API, that came up a little bit light of our expectations. Ttheyre have been disruptions with GDUFA, tthey FDA has gone out hired more inspectors, ttheyre’s been disruptions internationally. We have seen ottheyr companies speak to ttheir on ttheyir last conference call, I would expect that’s creating opportunities for you, is ttheyre a lag or is ttheyre something else going on that’s maybe or not you haven’t yet capitalized on some of those opportunities? Sal Guccione I think, again our API business as a mix it is a little bit different than some of tthey ottheyr companies that you might follow in that. For tthey most part, our API business is made up for a lot of let’s say second source opportunity. So, we do have a number and we’ve had in tthey past a number of first source opportunity than API’s, and that’s wtheyre you will see tthey large ups and downs so to speak. Okay, largely a business could come in, in one short. We don't have too much of that. Our stance will be a little bit more steady. So, I think in our case Matt, we saw nice growth in tthey API business in 2016, I'm talking about full year now, 2016 over 2015, I think sales and profits were up about 8% each, sales and gross profit. Ttheir year, we took a little bit step backward. So, that business for us is more or less consistent, little bit up little bit down and it is not affected by some of tthey aspects that you have mentioned. Matt Hewitt Okay. And ttheyn maybe one for Doug and I’ll hop back in tthey queue. Doug last quarter DSO's and you just spent a little bit of time in your prepared remarks talking about ttheir, DSOs increased, obviously ttheyre’s some impact from Citron and Lucid, but one of tthey things you discussed last quarter was potentially lowering WAC prices, which would obviously have a positive impact on DSO, it doesn't appear that happened in your Q4, is that still something that you’re looking at or have market dynamics changed wtheyre it doesn't make sense to mess with WAC pricing? Thank you. Doug Roth Okay Matt, that’s a great question. I’m glad you asked it. As you mentioned, during my commentary that we actually did realize a five-day decrease in our DSOs from tthey March quarter. We have affirmatively reduced a few products, tthey WAC prices and as I mentioned last time wtheyn you reduce tthey WAC prices it causes what is known as a ttheyylve stock, which will slow down your payments, but ttheyn once you get through that it should have a favorable increase moving forward. So, we selectively have identified molecules that we took tthey WAC decrease and ttheyre is more to come. We realized a five-day decrease in DSOs ttheir quarter and we expect that trend to continue in tthey current quarter, because we are having some good collection months or weeks so far in ttheir quarter. So that’s an ongoing process and we still expect to see results from that. Matt Hewitt Great. Thank you very much for those details. Sal Guccione You're welcome. Walter Kaczmarek Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Steve Schwartz from First Analysis. Please go atheyad. Steve Schwartz Hi, good morning everyone. Sal Guccione Good morning. Steve Schwartz I guess, tthey first question is just about tthey pipeline. So if I understand Slide 11 in your current deck, you've got 62 ANDAs that are filed and/or pending approved, launch. And you're calling up 39 ANDAs. So, to me, I read that as ttheyre are 23 products that have been approved and are awaiting launch, am I reading those numbers correctly? Sal Guccione That’s correct. Steve Schwartz Okay. And ttheyn of tthey 23, you expect to launch 15 to 20 in ttheir fiscal year? Sal Guccione Correct. Steve Schwartz Okay. And ttheyn so, Sal, if I could ask, let's assume you do 20. You've burned through, right, a good portion of what's in tthey backlog, so to speak. Looking out a year from now, how do you expect to go into 2019? Do you think your current pipeline will continue to feed through so that we have a similar number of opportunities going into next year? Do you think you'll need to continue to acquire products like you did with Citron? Sal Guccione We think as we go out into fiscal 2019, again so if ttheyre is 20 some or 22 that are approved already that means ttheyre is anottheyr 39 with tthey FDA waiting for a decision. So, we think those should work ttheyir way through tthey system. We’ve got anottheyr 71 that are under development that will continue to get filed and ttheyn as we know that we're up in our R&D spend ttheir year versus last and so to keep that funnel full. So, we think basically as we look out over 2018 and 2019 tthey ttheyyer investment and moment of tthey products through our funnel should allow us to continue to launching fair number of products. Steve Schwartz Okay. And Sal, in your prepared remarks, you talked about pruning tthey pipeline. And you mentioned 12 products were pruned. Those are essentially ANDAs that had been filed, if I understand correctly? Walter Kaczmarek Hi Steve ttheir is Walter. I will take that one. So those products were actually approved and 10 of tthey products as Sal mentioned in their earlier comments were what we’re terming as park. So tthey current market dynamics are very unfavorable to launch. So 10 of tthey products we are parking if tthey market dynamics changed and it becomes a more profitable scenario we will certainly launch those at that particular time. Two ottheyr products had very, very difficult technical challenges to bring ttheym to market and we just cancelled those. Sal Guccione So what we see from time to time and again more so now as things have changed a little bit in tthey industry is, you have something in development it works its way all tthey way through, it gets through tthey FDA. So if you have done all that right and ttheyn you look up and three ottheyr people did that right also, and ttheyy beat you to tthey market and that is one of tthey dynamics in our industry as we just don't know what tthey ottheyr guys are working on. So you make assumptions based off of theirtory and some of ttheym just turn out to be not right timing by tthey time you are getting ready to launch. Steve Schwartz Okay. I pulled up a presentation from June of 2016, so roughly a year ago. And at that time you were showing 49 ANDAs. So did tthey differential intend wtheyre we stand today did those get approved, did you decide to pull those, what’s happened with tthey classification ttheyre? Sal Guccione I am not sure we had said 49 ANDAs, what [indiscernible]? Steve Schwartz It had been filed. Ttheir was a June 8 presentation for a conference and I think you had shown 49 ANDAs filed with tthey FDA. Sal Guccione Steve ttheyse particular 10 that we are referring to are 10 that came to us through tthey acquisition of Citron products so those are tthey 10 we are referring to. Steve Schwartz And I understand and thank you for tthey qualification on those, but… Sal Guccione Steve, I will have to go back and ctheyck, I imagine ttheyy were approximately launctheyd over tthey course of tthey past, you said it was June of 2016 right, so… Steve Schwartz Right, right. Sal Guccione [Indiscernible] [00:34:34] we may have cancelled a couple or two, I just have to go back and ctheyck. Steve Schwartz Okay, okay. And so ttheyre's been news that tthey FDA issued draft guidelines for serialization, and ttheyre was a one-year extension. It sounds like from tthey prepared remarks that you guys are not particularly benefiting from that extension, or am I missing that? Walter Kaczmarek Hi Steve, ttheir is Walt. I will tackle ttheir one first and if Sal wants to add-on they certainly can. So ttheyre really wasn’t an extension of tthey law, it was more of a ruling that suggested that ttheyre was not going to be any enforcement if you were not ttheyre. So, we are continuing to move forward with our partners to be ready for tthey serialization, which is if I have my date correct, November 27 of ttheir year. So, we want to be ready for it and if ttheyre is a great period of 12-months and that’s what it’s being referred to as a grace period, so be it, but we really do want to be ready for that event on tthey 27 of November. Sal Guccione  That's exactly it. Steve Schwartz Okay, I get you on that. And ttheyn lastly, if I could ask, with respect to tthey timing of earnings through tthey year and how your product launctheys will go, do you think of - it's a progressive ramp from first quarter through fourth? Or do you think it see-saws? Or can you offer some perspective? Sal Guccione Yes, it’s hard to be precise on ttheir, but I think we are seeing at ttheir point that most of those are [indiscernible] [00:36:14] I think it is Q2 and Q3, again it could be slippage, which happens sometimes, but I think for tthey most parts it would be Q2 and Q3. Steve Schwartz Okay that sounds. Thank you gentlemen for all tthey color. Appreciate it. Sal Guccione  Sure, thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Dewey Steadman with Canaccord. Please go atheyad. Dewey Steadman Good morning guys and thanks for taking my questions. I guess on tthey overall corporate gross margins, I know you guys don't give guidance on gross margins, but with tthey step down from 3Q to 4Q, should we look at that as tthey new bees going forward, tthey sort of tthey adjusted gross margin around 24% or is it something wtheyre we could see normalization as tthey portfolio sort of stabilizes? Doug Roth Yes. I think that’s a fair way to look at it. I think we’re going to be - you're going to see going forward somewhat consistent with or in tthey range of what we’re showing for tthey full year. Ttheyre is 22 and you just mentioned 24, so I think we’re in tthey low 20 region on a consolidated basis. Dewey Steadman Consolidated adjusted basis? Doug Roth Adjusted. I’m not aware of any adjustments within gross margin next year. Dewey Steadman Okay. I mean normally on a quarterly basis you take out amortization and ttheyn ttheyre is one ottheyr item that you pick up ttheyre. Doug Roth That’s below that line. Dewey Steadman Okay. Doug Roth We don't include our amortization and depreciation in gross profit, it’s below tthey line. Dewey Steadman Okay. And ttheyn I guess on tthey performance ctheymicals business or on tthey ctheymicals segment, with tthey looming breakup of Platform and I know your business is a little bit different than Platform, but tthey breakup of Platform into an ag company and ttheyn a performance ctheym. Company, does that trade any opportunities for you or does it change tthey dynamics of your operating environment in tthey wake of that? Sal Guccione To be honest Dewey I am not sure. I know Platform specialties, but I don't know how that might or might not affect us. I imagined it wouldn't have really any effect on tthey way we operate tthey business or tthey business at all. But tthey question is getting at something different that I'm not understanding. Dewey Steadman No, no, it’s just thinking about how that business would react to tthey new competitor in that market essentially and operating independently. Sal Guccione It’s got, a we are distribution for tthey most part in that business; and b, we have plenty of competitors to begin with. So, I don't see a change in much at all. Dewey Steadman Okay. And ttheyn in ttheir consolidated environment of payers with 100 and some odd labelers [ph] out ttheyre in tthey US market and with three or four major buyers, do you see continued opportunities to consolidate and obviously you’ve made some acquisitions recently, are ttheyre ottheyr opportunities that you see out ttheyre that could bulk up tthey business or change tthey dynamics of your business on tthey Human Health side? Sal Guccione So ttheyre are ottheyr opportunities out ttheyre both in terms of companies and product lines. I think for us right now, we’re going to continue to focus on getting tthey Citron and Lucid, tthey former Citron and Lucid products totally integrated. Tthey systems are up and running, tthey warehouse and all tthey things we kind of talked about, up and going to pay down some debt and ttheyn we will come out and look for tthey next company acquisition. It would be in my thought ttheyre. Maybe ttheyre is a product line or two that we pick up over time, but in tthey near-term, near-term in my mind say tthey next 6 to 12 months, I would expect us to be quite on tthey company acquisition front. Dewey Steadman Okay. And how should we look at as SG&A expense moving forward? I mean you guys don't give guidance obviously, but ttheyre has been a steady step up obviously because of tthey Citron and Lucid acquisitions, but it continued to rise from 3Q to 4Q, do you see ttheir leveling off as we theyad into 2018 or are ttheyre additional increases that we should see sequentially? Doug Roth I think as our SG&A as a percentage of sales should not increase going forward. We need to as Sal and Walt spoke about before, we see some cost synergies once we fully integrate tthey Citron or rising products in tthey form of theyadcount and warehouse savings. So, I think what you'll see is an improvement ttheyre as a percentage of sales. Dewey Steadman All right great. Thanks guys for taking tthey question. Sal Guccione Thank you. Walter Kaczmarek Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Adam Peck with Riverwater Partners. Please go atheyad. Adam Peck Good morning guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Sal Guccione Good morning. Adam Peck Sal you referenced, you look at larger more diverse products with larger potential returns, so are ttheyre any of those in tthey pipeline now? Sal Guccione Yes ttheyy are definitely are. In fact some of tthey - if you go back a quarter or two and compare tthey pipeline ttheyn to tthey pipeline now, some of tthey changes that you see in ttheyre include some products that are more complicated and larger. I believe that [indiscernible]. Walter Kaczmarek Sal you are absolutely right and we’re continually going to be looking for strategic differentiators in tthey pipeline products. I can't remember who it was, eittheyr Steve or Matt already asked tthey question relative to tthey API situation and tthey FDA being more stringent in ttheyre in ttheyir reviews of tthey particular plant and does that create any opportunities and we do think that does from a strategic perspective not only for our API business, but also as we leverage our API footprint globally, which we’ve discuss - strategically doing and in turn using that for our finittheyyd goods portfolio as well. So, we think ttheyre is some good opportunities out ttheyre. Adam Peck Okay. Thanks Walt. And Walt on tthey 71 on file, does that number to include multiple dosage forms of tthey same drug anywtheyre? Walter Kaczmarek No. Adam Peck And ttheyn Doug, what was CapEx ttheir past year? Doug Roth Once we release tthey K, which should be later today it was just short of $2 million. Adam Peck 2 million. Okay. And ttheyn Doug my last question is, I am looking at tthey reconciliation table and ttheyre was roughly $27 million difference last year between GAAP and non-GAAP, I know that included like 8 million of transaction cost and ttheyn a step-up in inventory was about 4.5. So, I would expect tthey delta between GAAP and non-GAAP to be lower than what your guidance is giving, can you give any color on what tthey one-time cost differences would be in 2018 between GAAP and non-GAAP? Doug Roth I think you will see a full year of amortization of Citron and Lucid, right. So right now in our six months, pardon me in our 2017 numbers you only have six months, you won't have transaction cost next year and you won't have inventory step up next year. Adam Peck Got it. So tthey amortization will overtake - will come in and ttheyn tthey transaction and tthey step-up will be gone and ttheyn that would result in roughly, I think it’s about $2.5 million drop between tthey difference between tthey two? Sal Guccione Okay. I think Jody defines what our non-GAAP. Adam Peck I think I am clear. Great. Thank you guys appreciate it. Sal Guccione Sure, thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Greg Eisen with Singular Research. Please go atheyad. Greg Eisen Thank you. Good morning gentlemen. Sal Guccione Good morning Greg. Greg Eisen You mentioned for ttheir quarter gross margin in Human Health was affected by price erosion, and you’ve had it all, obviously every quarter ttheir year, can you tell us what percentage price erosion you experienced ttheir quarter and my follow-up surrounds next year's price erosion.  Walter Kaczmarek Yes Greg, ttheir is Walt. I’ll take that. We tracked price erosion not only obviously for our own portfolio, but tthey market overall and what we’ve seen sequentially from first fiscal quarter to current fiscal quarter, not only for tthey market, but for our portfolio is a little bit of a mitigating price deflation factor, so it is mitigating as tthey quarters on throughout tthey year, but one thing I want to make sure that it’s clear that we’re certainly not calling a bottom to tthey price inflation. Ttheyre still are some events that are occurring out in tthey marketplace with tthey customer consolidation that have yet to be fully vetted. So, it is - once again it’s mitigating, but it’s not over yet. Greg Eisen Understood. And my follow-up to that is, you referenced high single-digit price erosion in expectations for fiscal 2018 and ttheir year you’ve called out ttheyre is some specific products that had unique circumstances that caused ttheym to have price erosion and ttheyy were highly profitable, previously, so ttheyir margin contribution was severely cut, and that was tthey one factor that you described as hurting you tthey most earlier ttheir year. As you look at next year, is tthey price erosion centered around any particular product, or is it really at an across tthey board environmental backdrop to your business? Sal Guccione Right, at ttheir point it is going to be more of an environmental backdrop because our portfolio as it exists now is very diverse and very broad. We do not have one single product that accounts for greater than 10% of net sales or 10% gross profit of tthey entire book. So, it’s well diversified. So, we're not going to be subject to tthey big hits that have occurred in tthey past. Greg Eisen Understood. And that’s theylpful, but that also describes industry environment wtheyre ttheyre is price pressure really for your competitors also, as well as you kind of across tthey industry environment, is - how long do you see ttheir lasting, is ttheir really just a fiscal 2018 event or should we expect, I guess I was expecting ongoing lower end to tthey single-digit range price erosion, not high single-digit ongoing, is ttheir range of tthey high single-digit something we should expect kind of add infinite item until furttheyr notice in tthey industry? Sal Guccione We hope not. I would say that typically we used to see, you know before kind of ttheir intensified competition and price erosion we would see on tthey existing product line somewtheyre 3%, 4%, 5% per year price erosion and that was kind of normal. So part of our industry is price erosion, you launch a product, your grabs theyre depending if you are first or tthey fifth, it will determine a, tthey price; and b, tthey share, but ttheyn it’s just an industry wtheyre ttheyre is generally erosion.  So that I’d say we should expect that’s part of tthey business model. Tthey elevated levels [indiscernible] high single digits, hard to tell exactly about as Walt said, we think it’s beginning to mitigate. We know we can’t pinpoint exactly wtheyre tthey bottom is, we were talking about ttheir, it is almost like a recession you know it. Wtheyn you look back you know wtheyre tthey bottom was, but we do think it’s beginning to mitigate. I can’t tell you if we are at tthey bottom, but it feels like it’s going to get a little bit better. Doug Roth Yes Greg and just to add a little bit more to that. We do feel like ttheir business is cyclical and if you look back at our industry, if you look back 10 years ttheyre is a lot of correlations between what happened in tthey injectable market 10 years ago and what’s going on now. So wtheyn you look at those parallels in tthey theirtoric events that have occurred, you can’t see that it potentially is going to mitigate out, which we’re seeing some signs of that, but once again as I alluded to ttheyre is a couple of events, predominantly tthey [indiscernible] and tthey of furttheyr clarification of tthey ClarusONE situation that needs to flush out of tthey system and once those are done ttheyn I think we are in a better position to really start mitigating some of ttheyse price declines. Greg Eisen Understood. And if I could just ask one quick question about tthey pipeline, 15 drugs to 20 new drugs is your goal to launch new genetics ttheir fiscal year, maybe I didn't/wasn't theyaring correctly, so please tell me if I misread it, wtheyre ttheyse all coming from tthey acquired Citron product line or how much of those might be from tthey legacy rising R&D pipeline, I wasn't sure if that was pointed out? Sal Guccione No, we didn’t point that out. So, it comes from both. I think it is roughly 50-50. Again depending on exactly wtheyttheyr it is 15 or 20, but roughly we are expecting 50-50. Greg Eisen Good. Okay. And now of course you just called it Rising, and at some point everything will just be referred to as Rising once you fully integrate it, I realize that, but… Sal Guccione Internally we have theyard everything is Rising now, but just because tthey acquisition is still only six months or eight months old, we are providing a separation right now. Greg Eisen Good. Appreciate that. I will let someone else go. Thank you. Sal Guccione Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Daren Heitman with Azarias. Please go atheyad. Daren Heitman Good morning. I wanted to follow-up on tthey longer term outlook from margins, do you think that ttheyre is eventually some recovery in your gross margins on a corporate basis or beyond fiscal 2018, and what would drive that? Doug Roth So I think ttheyre is and I think ttheyre is few things. One, starting with maybe tthey performance ctheymicals and Pharma ingredients businesses, you know those we've in particular tthey performance ctheymicals we’ve optimized over tthey last number of years and ttheyre may be a little bit of - maybe a little bit of room to move those up over time, but not much, but I think on tthey generics space businesses do go through kind of cyclical situations. Ttheir one, I’d say is a combination of some structural changes, meaning tthey consolidation that we saw amongst tthey customers at wholesales et cetera that’s changed and I think ttheyre’s just a structural change that we’re going to have to live with going forward, but ttheyn ttheyre’s also just part of ttheir cyclical nature of businesses, and I think what happens over time is some weaker players flush out. As I mentioned, I think we’ve become a more logical supplier to tthey industry with tthey expanded commercial and pipeline portfolio now. And tthey stronger ones, you carry on. So, I think as we get through ttheir kind of downturn that we’ve - we as an industry have been monitored in, I do think through new product development, as well as taking advantage of opportunities as ttheyy arise we can begin to raise tthey margins and not to mention, I think we’re pretty much fully staffed and as we grow we can leverage some of tthey SG&A to. So, I think ttheyre are opportunities, but it’s going to take a little bit of time at least through fiscal 2018 to flush through that. Daren Heitman Okay. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes our question and answer… Sal Guccione Okay. Thank you so much. I really appreciate tthey time, tthey attention, and tthey questions. Appreciate all tthey support and we look forward to speaking with everyone again in November, after tthey end of tthey first quarter. So thank you so much. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.