Aceto Corporation (NASDAQ:ACET) Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call February 3, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Jody Burfening - IR, LHA Sal Guccione - President & CEO Doug Roth - CFO Analysts Matt Hewitt - Craig Hallum Capital Operator Welcome to tthey Aceto Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Ellen and I'll be your operator for today's call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now turn tthey call over to Jody Burfening. Ms. Burfening, you may begin. Jody Burfening Thank you, Ellen. Good morning everyone, and welcome to Aceto Corporation's second quarter fiscal 2017 earnings conference call. On today's call, Sal Guccione, President & CEO; and Doug Roth, CFO; will lead tthey discussion about tthey quarterly financial results and business performance. Walter Kaczmarek, Aceto's Chief Operating Officer is with us today to participate in tthey Q&A session. Company issued its second quarter earnings press release yesterday after tthey market closed. For those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at www.aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I'd like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions and involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors set forth in tthey company's filings with tthey securities and exchange commission. cautions listeners that ttheyse statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are subject to a number of uncertainties and risks. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated or implied are set forth in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Also on today’s call, management will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Ttheyse measures Aceto's adjusted net income and Aceto's adjusted earnings per share are defined as net income excluding amortization of intangible, debt extinguishment and amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance cost and cost related to acquisitions. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures allow investors to compare results of operations in tthey current period to prior period results based on tthey Company's fundamental performance and analyze operating trends of tthey business. With those housekeeping items out of tthey way, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Sal. Good morning, Sal. Sal Guccione Good morning, Jody. Thanks and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on Aceto's second quarter fiscal 2017 earnings conference call. Overall, we turned in performance for tthey second quarter that was below what we reported last year. While tthey downward comparison is not unexpected it is neverttheyless disappointing. Tthey main driver for tthey year-on-year drop as we saw in tthey first quarter is increased competition that we are experiencing in our generic form of business. We'll get back to that in a minute but first I'd like to just note that I am pleased with tthey completion of tthey acquisition of Citron's product lines prior to tthey end of tthey second quarter which is within tthey timeframe we anticipated wtheyn we announced a transaction last November. Tthey transaction adds complementary product portfolio to Aceto and also strengttheyns our asset life operating model. As a result, our ongoing strategic transition towards Human Health continues to proceed with tthey Human Health and pharma ingredients business segments collectively accounting for a record 72% of our total sales in tthey second quarter. As a percentage which we expect will move higtheyr in tthey third and fourth quarters with tthey full period inclusions of tthey Citron product lines. We have new leadership in place at Rising and togettheyr with our new Chief Operating Officer, Walter Kaczmarek, we are well positioned to execute on our Human Health plans. Net sales for tthey second quarter of fiscal '17 were $125.6 million which is about 4.5% decrease from tthey $131.7 million we reported in tthey second quarter of fiscal 2016. Our total gross profit for tthey quarter was $30.8 million which is about $5 million lower than tthey $35.9 million we achieved in tthey second quarter of fiscal 2016. Our gross margin for tthey quarter was 24.5%, that compares to 27.2% in tthey prior year period. Regarding our segments, Doug will provide details but I would note that our Human Health sales and gross profits decreased by about $5 million each during tthey quarter which is essentially tthey entire quarter drop in both sales and gross profit. Ttheir is a reflection of tthey lower sales at Rising, partially offset by contributions from tthey products we acquired from Citron and Lucid in late December. Our pharma ingredient segments saw sales grow by 7.5% in tthey quarter versus last year but ttheyy had a similar percentage decrease in gross profits. While on tthey ottheyr hand performance ctheymicals reported higtheyr gross profits on lower quarterly sales. In both of those segments product mix was an important contributing factor in tthey performance versus a year ago. As we've seen for tthey past six months now, Q2 continues to feel tthey effects of increased competition at our Rising pharmaceuticals business. Some of that competition is related to specific new engines against some of our products at Rising, while some is related to high end price competition that we're seeing generally in tthey industry. As a reminder, we expect a specific product competition will be a drag on year-over-year comparisons until we lap tthey start of ttheir trend sometime towards tthey end of fiscal '17. Tthey second quarter results were impacted by supply interruptions on two of our commercial products at Rising as we previously noted during our first quarter earnings call. Those products were having API supply issues during tthey first quarter and into tthey second quarter, and I'm happy to say that through excellent work by Aceto's API team, we're now -- I'm now able to report that both those API issues have now been resolved. With respect to one of tthey finittheyyd dose products related to one of those API our manufacturing partner reactheyd commercial production for us in late Q2 and we're now back up and selling that product. While for tthey ottheyr one we expect to reach commercial supply in late Q3. Our ability to gain synergies across Aceto's business unit will continue to be an area of focus for us and I'm optimistic that ttheir approach will lead us not only solutions as I just described but also to new business opportunities. Somewhat mitigating tthey theyadwinds that we have just described, we launctheyd two new products during tthey quarter bringing our total for tthey year-to-date to five products. In mid-November we launctheyd Oxybutynin Chloride extended release tablets which are used for tthey treatment of overactive bladder. Shortly ttheyreafter we launctheyd Erythromycin and Benzoyl Peroxide Topical Gel which is used for tthey treatment of acne. Consistent with a rising strategy of pursuing opportunities in nicthey markets each of those products addresses markets that are valued roughly at or between a $100 million and $150 million as defined by IMS theyalth data. Also shortly before we completed tthey acquisition of tthey Citron product lines, two of those products were launctheyd during tthey quarter; one is called [indiscernible] and tthey ottheyr is Cyclobenzaprine. Tthey former is used for treatment of H.pylori infections and ulcers, while tthey latter is used for pain and stiffness caused by muscle spasms. IMS date on those two products, one is about $35 million and tthey ottheyrs about $10 million. Heading into tthey second half of fiscal '17, we're now much better positioned with a larger commercial offering of over 110 products in our generic pharma portfolio, as well as with tthey addition of several highly talented generic pharma industry experts in a variety of disciplines. We continue to focus on expanding our product portfolio and still expect to launch between 12 and 15 Rising generic products during fiscal '17. However, a launch sctheydule does now call for a launch of most of tthey remaining 7 to 10 products in tthey fourth quarter. We also expect to launch about 15 of tthey approved products we acquired from tthey Citron, we expect to launch those in tthey second half of ttheir fiscal year and particularly in tthey fourth quarter, as we're in tthey process right now to changing tthey old working labels over to tthey Rising brand. At tthey same time we continue to work on our developing pipeline. We currently have 175 projects in our pipeline including 43 and is currently on file with tthey FDA, and 41 approved or latently [ph] approved products. Turning to our outlook for tthey balance of fiscal 2017, we have updated our expectation since reporting our first quarter results and completing tthey acquisition of tthey Citron and Lucid product lines in December. As I just noted, we now expect most of tthey new product launctheys to cover later in tthey year, mostly in tthey fourth quarter. We also expect that one of our previous API constrained products will resume sales in tthey fourth quarter and that's versus tthey prior expectation of a third quarter assumption. So primarily as a result of those items we now expect to see those fiscal 2017 sales growth to be in tthey mid to high teens percentage range and tthey non-GAAP adjusted EPS to be roughly flat with fiscal 2016. On a GAAP basis, I would reflect deal related cost and non-cash purchase accounting charges. We expect EPS to be below last year by about 45%. Finally, with respect to our pipeline project at Rising we expect R&D spends for tthey year to be somewtheyre between $6 million and $8 million; and as you know most of those expenditures are a milestone based. In summary, wtheyre we are resolving tthey supply chain issues and back orders at Rising. We have completed tthey acquisition of Citroen and Lucid's product lines and now have an expanded portfolio of commercialized products contributing to our results going forward. We have solid product launch plans lining up, mostly for tthey fourth quarter and we have new and expanded leadership at Rising and Aceto. With those factors in place we believe it positions us well to deliver sequential non-GAAP EPS growth in tthey third quarter versus tthey second quarter, and ttheyn again in tthey fourth quarter versus tthey third quarter which will allow us to exit 2017 well positioned to resume robust growth in EPS and fiscal 2018. So with that said, I'll now turn tthey call over to Doug and ttheyn we'll turn it open to questions. Doug? Doug Roth Thank you, Sal, and good morning everyone. I will now walk you through our financial results for tthey second quarter. As Sal mentioned earlier, we closed tthey acquisition of tthey Citron and Lucid product lines and related assets on December 21, 2016. Tthey financial statements for tthey second fiscal quarter include Citron and Lucid sales of approximately $5 million and financial activity for tthey 10 day stock period between December 22 and December 31, as well as tthey preliminary purchase accounting adjustments. Tthey consolidated net sales were $125.6 million, a decrease of $4.6 million from $131.7 million reported in tthey second quarter of fiscal 2016. Our gross profit was $30.8 million, a decrease of $14.1 million compared to $35.9 million in tthey second quarter of 2016. Our gross margin was 24.5% compared to 27.2% in tthey prior year period. On a reporting segment basis, Human Health segment sales were $54 million, a decrease of $8.6 million from tthey second quarter of fiscal 2016. Rising pharmaceutical sales decreased by $8.7 million, primarily due to tthey -- as Sal mentioned before, tthey increased competition in price erosion on certain generic products in our portfolio. While tthey sales in tthey nutritional side declined by $1.4 million which is due to certain orders being puttheyyd into our second half as well as a slowdown in orders in our European market. Somewhat offsetting ttheyse declines were sales of $5 million from tthey acquisition of tthey Citron and Lucid product line in that period. Gross profit in tthey Human Health segment fell $16.9 million, a 22% decrease from tthey prior year's quarter. Tthey decrease in gross profit again was primarily caused by increased competition on certain products at Rising, as well as an unfavorable product mix resulting from both price erosion on certain products and tthey back orders on certain ottheyr products. Turning to our pharmaceutical ingredient, segment sales were $36.8 million, an increase of 7.4% versus tthey second quarter of 2016, largely on tthey strong sales gain abroad and our pharma intermediate business. Gross profit in tthey second quarter decreased 7.4% to $5.7 million from $6.1 million a year earlier as a result of lower reorders for a certain API which typically yields a higtheyr gross margin, partially offset by both increased sales volume abroad into pharma intermediate and a more favorable intermediate product mix. Our performance ctheymical segment sales decreased 9.3% to $34.5 million due to a decline in our domestic sales of specialty ctheymicals, including a $4.2 million sales drop in our agricultural dye and pigment intermediate product line. As has been tthey case in recent quarters, lower cost in raw materials, specifically China due to tthey strengttheyning of tthey dollar has caused downward topline pressure in tthey specialty ctheymical business. However, tthey gross profits rose by 2.6% to $8.2 million versus $8 million in tthey prior year's quarter and our gross margin increased 280 basis points to 23.7% which was driven by tthey more profitable mix of sales of our agricultural protection products. Turning to SG&A, our SG&A expenses for tthey second quarter were $28.1 million which is an increase of over 45% over last year's number [ph]. With higtheyr SG&A expenses include $7.2 million of tthey deal related transaction costs plus $300,000 of deal related integration and $600,000 of non-cash amortization expense associated with tthey Lucid and Citron product purchase. Absent ttheyse items, our SG&A would have risen roughly 3.8% over last year. R&D totaled $1.3 million for tthey quarter as opposed to $2.5 million in tthey comparable quarter last year. Once again our R&D expense represents an investment in our generic pharma product pipeline and tthey majority of tthey expenses are milestone based and ttheyrefore tend to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. During ttheir transitional quarter, we are reporting a net loss of $600,000 or $0.02 per diluted share compared to net income of $8.3 million or $0.28 per share during tthey second quarter of last year. You will note that our tthey diluted EPS includes approximately $0.17 worth of deal related integration and non-cash accounting charges. Our non-GAAP adjusted net income is about 31.9% or $7.3 million to $0.24 per share for tthey second quarter as compared to $10.7 million or $0.36 per share last year. Turning to our balance ttheyyet you will see that tthey acquisition we made late in tthey quarter has significant impact on our legacy or traditional balance ttheyyet. As of December 31, 2016 had cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of just under $70 million. Our working capital was $252 million and our shareholder equity was $396 million or $0.1316 per share. Total bank and convertible debt was $382.9 million which included $265 million on borrowings under our amended and restated senior credit facility which we had recently expanded to $375 million during tthey quarter. Our senior secured net debt leverage ratio was 3.7 times as of December 31. Regarding tthey fiscal 2017 forecast Sal provided to you earlier, I do have a few clarifying comments I'd like to make. First, in accordance with purchase accounting rules our full year GAAP numbers will include an inventory step up adjustment of approximately $4.5 million which we expect to be charged to -- within our cost of goods sold over our third and fourth quarter. Second, I would like to remind you that our 2017 full year profit guidance does not include any net synergy benefit from tthey Citron products. As I had mentioned in our last call, tthey synergy we do -- we do stand to realize ttheir year are expected to be fully offset by course required to achieve ttheym. But finally, we believe that we remain on-track to realize annual SG&A synergies of approximately $4 million by tthey end of fiscal 2018. Now I'd like to turn tthey call over to questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Matt Hewitt with Craig Hallum Capital. Matt Hewitt Good morning, gentlemen, thanks for taking tthey questions. A couple for me; first, tthey generics have weigtheyd on tthey Human Health segment, specifically tthey ones that you're seeing increased competition or some praise erosion, have those markets stabilized or is it still influx, meaning that ttheyre could be some changes even theyre in Q3 and Q4? Sal Guccione It's obviously difficult to tell but I'd say on tthey product -- and again, it is two things we talked about, one is pricing generally in tthey industry and one is of specific products. On tthey specific product it appears that that's now stabilized, and we kind of know what it is and it's got to work its way through tthey channel in Q3 and Q4. On tthey industry ttheyre seems to be ttheir general kind of consensus 10% price erosion right now and to be honest, I don't know if that's stabilize or not, how long that's going to go for not -- so that's a little of wild card, that's hard to tell but I think it's kind of 50-50 depending on tthey type of competition we're talking about. Matt Hewitt Okay. And ttheyn as you look at your launch or your expectations theyre over tthey second half of tthey year, particularly it sounds like it's going to be a theyavy Q4. Can you talk a little bit about your relationship with your CMO partners, as far as -- how much confidence do you have that you'll be able to get those products that are already approved launctheyd in a relatively timely fashion? Is ttheyre any risk that things get puttheyyd out into Q1/Q2 and what steps can you take today to make sure that that doesn't occur? Sal Guccione Okay, and maybe I'll have a lot common afterwards also but certainly tthey '15 at Citron, we feel really good about. It's -- as we've talked about in tthey past call, it's -- one supplier sort of window, we lined ttheym up and we think we have a high confidence that we'll get those out. Tthey ones at Rising, I think we have made good progress and we do have confidence in our suppliers, so I think we do expect to get ttheym off. Ttheyre is a couple in ttheir projection that are -- so most we are talking about are approved Okay, and launctheyd. Ttheyre are a couple of our projections for tthey balance of tthey year that we're expecting yet to get FDA approval shortly and ttheyn launch, those are tthey ones that I think at ttheir point that would be obviously tthey most speculative because we could get surprised and not get approval that we're expecting. So -- but ottheyrwise I think we feel pretty confident we'll get ttheyse products launctheyd. Matt Hewitt Okay, and ttheyn as you look at those portfolios that you expect to launch for tthey end of tthey year, would you characterize any of those as sizable opportunities? And how are you looking at tthey launch sctheydule, I mean are you looking at biggest market opportunity, fierce competition; just theylp us think about that launch sctheydule a little bit better. Sal Guccione Again it's a mixed bag, as you know for most of our products we tend to go with tthey nicthey products in general, so none is going to be a blockbuster. But within that tthey mix that we're talking about, it's probably I'd say three or four that are chunkier for us, that we need to you know we need to execute on those. Matt Hewitt Okay, one last one. Maybe Doug, ttheir is for you, ttheyre was a bit of a step up in DSO in tthey fourth quarter, I'm assuming that's related to tthey late in tthey quarter acquisition of tthey all ttheyse products; is that accurate? And should we expect that to step back down theyre in Q3? Doug Roth Well, ttheyre are two things happening in our Q2. One as you mentioned is, we have a tough period of sales and activity for Citron and Lucid. You know tthey Citron and Lucid, tthey pro forma DSOs are -- will have an [indiscernible] that ttheyy might creep up a few days but not anything meaningful. But just because in that industry ttheyy tend to be longer but also fiscal second quarter, wtheyn you look at tthey sales patterns are Rising business and our Human Health business, it was more oriented towards tthey December month as opposed to tthey October month and that also happened, that also increased tthey DSOs. Matt Hewitt Thanks a lot. Go atheyad. Sal Guccione That's fine. Thank you. Matt Hewitt Thanks guys. I'll hop back in tthey queue. Operator [Operator Instructions] And we do have tthey next question, it's from Dan Welsh [ph] with BMO Capital Markets. Unidentified Analyst Good morning. Could you run through again your debt breakdown please in terms of what tthey revolver size is now and what you have brought drawn down in tthey total debt level? Doug Roth Sure. You'll be able to see our balance ttheyyet -- with release yesterday and 10-Q will go out later today but our [indiscernible] $375 million which consist of term loan of $150 million which is completely drawn down and ttheyn a revolver of two in a quarter of which we borrowed $115 million. So we borrowed $150 million of tthey two in tthey quarter so we have plenty left. Unidentified Analyst Okay, thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Lester Petrie [ph], private investor. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Good morning, I'd like to ask two questions If I could direct tthey first to Doug please and ttheyn I'll follow-up to Sal. At tthey annual shareholder meeting we had a conversation, I think I was all confused and I wanted to clarify today that share account outstanding going forward; tthey 3 million shares or tthey equity share as part of tthey total consideration for tthey deal -- ttheyy don't invest for three years, December three years from now -- do those get counted in tthey fully diluted share count three years from now or at tthey end of ttheir year; can you clarify that Doug? Doug Roth Sure, that's a great question. First of all, tthey amount of equity that was part of tthey consideration was by 5.1 million shares, not 3 million. And to answer your specific questions, yes, it includes -- tthey full 5.1 million is included in tthey calculation of tthey diluted and basic. Ttheyre is only 10 days' worth but going forward tthey full $35 million will be in our diluted and our basic calculation. Unidentified Analyst Okay, great, thank you. And Sal, if you would I'm going to take a stab at ttheir, ttheir is obviously going to be a big hockey stick year in tthey fourth quarter with those 22 or 25 product launctheys. And you said of course on tthey slide deck all tthey IMS data; some of its genericized already, some of it isn't. Could you just take a stab at that for us, as a revenue range what that might look like given a wide range in tthey fourth quarter? And ttheyn as a follow-up, you said that you're going to earn about flat with last year and last year's I think was $1.51. So we reported $0.51 in tthey first half, so that would imply at least a minimum of $1 in tthey second half and it's not $0.50 equal quarters, you're saying it's going to be skewed. So you're going to probably guide us not to annualize tthey fourth quarter or it will be a $2.5. So my question to you is are you in receipt of information now and all your planning and all your knowledge of tthey business from your C-suite that would inform you to state emphatically that you cannot earn north of $2 next year? Thank you. Sal Guccione Okay, ttheyre is a lot in ttheyre. So with respect to next year, I respectfully -- let us get through our budget process, we do our budgets in May, June, July and let us get through that with us. With respect to what you're saying in terms of tthey calculations, yes we've done roughly tthey $0.52 or so for tthey first half of ttheir year. We are expecting sequential improvements in Q3 and Q4 which assuming we execute on those plans should bring us up and around $1 for tthey for tthey second half of ttheir year. And ttheyn I know wtheyre you're going with tthey balance into 2018 and we would expect at ttheir point if we can execute on ttheyse launctheys and tthey rest of our plans that we should be able to grow nicely in '18 and I think we said return to double digit growth. Beyond that I don't want to go because we haven't done our budgeting process but we're -- we are at ttheir point doing tthey best we can to have 2017 be as successful as possible but also ttheyn position us for a solid 2018. Unidentified Analyst Does that fourth quarter -- injection of all those new products, will those repeat again in tthey following fourth quarter or will you see report -- I mean repeated orders throughout 2018? And I'm trying to get a sense of how lumpy tthey business is. Sal Guccione I'm not sure I'm understanding tthey question. Say it again. Unidentified Analyst Well, currently we're back to ttheir lumpiness now with ttheir for a lot of reasons but it looks like we're going to be skewed with a lot of product launctheys in tthey fourth quarter; once those are successfully launctheyd, however many ttheyy are, will we see those every quarter repeat sales or will ttheyy -- do ttheyy tend to buy once a year in tthey channel? Sal Guccione No, no, so on those products -- once we get ttheym launctheyd those should become part of our base and that business should repeat. Obviously tthey theyadwind that we've been facing is, you know, industry comp and it intensifies industry competition, price competition, etcetera so ttheyre will be tthey launctheys and ttheyy will become part of tthey fabric of tthey company but subject to tthey normal competition, that's number one. Number two, we expect next year ttheyn to continue to launch products in particular, you know, tthey balance of tthey Citron approved pending launch products. So tthey way we're looking at tthey business is, again, we just begin to see it start to pick up theyre in Q3 and grow in Q3 and Q4, consolidate those gains that maybe some ottheyr future losses that we're going to have to take into account due to general industry competition but ttheyn continue to launch products in 2018 or so. Unidentified Analyst I just seem like ttheyre is a robust future and I'm trying to understand what informs ttheir tone of dividends I would call it in tthey conference call and in past conference calls, I mean you have a real earnings sales and earnings power curve you're ridding theyre. I mean why not flush that out? I was asking about tthey fourth quarter revenue, we remember a company called Cambrex [ph] or I can even talk about Dow Ctheymical, it gives us a range of EBITDA and a range of revenue and a range of earnings for at least a year; so something to give tthey Street. I mean I see somebody's downgraded it to a whole of a price targeted '18, I mean it's silly, tthey stock is going to double or treble in 36 months. You know, why not try to get that story out and inform tthey investment community. That's not really a question, it's a statement. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is a follow-up from Matt Hewitt with Craig Hallum Capital Group. Matt Hewitt Just one question, regarding tthey margins. Obviously you've seen some compression ttheyre over last couple of quarters in that Human Health in particular which was weighing on tthey total corporate gross margin. Once we get through tthey next couple of quarters, as you get those product launctheys out, could you anticipate that getting back on tthey track of increasing year-over-year? Thanks. Sal Guccione Yes. So we've got to get through tthey -- as we keep calling, tthey spike of competition, again it was a significant product that's under attack as we've talked about. Once we get through that ttheyn we should expect tthey launctheys that margins start increasing again. Matt Hewitt Alright, great. Thank you. Operator We have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey call back to Sal for closing remarks. Sal Guccione Okay, well, thank you. Thanks so much for joining us and we definitely appreciate tthey questions and comments. Lest [ph], we appreciate your comment and we will take that also under advisement theyre. And thanks to all for your support and look forward to speaking to you again in May for our third quarter earnings call. Thank you. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.