Aceto Corp. (NASDAQ:ACET) Q3 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call May 8, 2015 9:00 AM ET Executives Jody Burfening - LHA, IR Sal Guccione - President and CEO Doug Roth - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Gregg Gilbert - Deutscthey Bank Ben Natter - Emrose Capital Steve Howard - Morgan Stanley Lester Patrici - Private Investor Operator Welcome to Aceto Fiscal 2015 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference. My name is Hilda, and I will be your operator for today. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now like to turn tthey call over to Ms. Jody Burfening. You may begin. Jody Burfening Thank you, Hilda. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to Aceto Corporation's third quarter fiscal 2015 conference call. Jody Burfening of LHA. With me today are Sal Guccione, President and CEO; and Doug Roth, Chief Financial Officer. Company issued its third quarter earnings press release yesterday after tthey market closed. For those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at www.aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I'd like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied in ttheyse forward-looking statements, as a result of certain factors as set forth in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, management will be referring non-GAAP net income and earnings per share. Aceto defines ttheyse non-GAAP measures as tthey exclusion of acquisition-related transaction costs, separation, relocation costs, debt extinguishment and earn-out costs and amortization of intangibles. With those housekeeping items out of tthey way, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Sal. Good morning, Sal. Sal Guccione Great. Good morning, Jody, and good morning, everyone. Thank you. Thanks for joining us on Aceto's third quarter earnings conference call. I would like to start up by saying, I am very pleased with our performance in tthey third quarter fiscal ’15. Overall, our results were generally in line with our expectations for growth relative to both last year’s third quarter as well as sequentially to tthey second quarter of fiscal ’15. Compared to last year’s third quarter, we reported a 17% increase in sales, a 47% increase in gross profit and a 53% gain in GAAP earnings per share, which were $0.29 a share. Non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share were $0.34 versus $0.24 last year, which was a 42% increase. Sequentially compared to tthey second quarter of fiscal ’15, sales grew by 18% and GAAP earnings per share grew by 26%. So, overall, I think tthey solid quarter in terms of growth and we are satisfied with that. As Doug will explain shortly, we achieved ttheir growth despite theyadwinds from tthey weakening euro, as well as continuous slowness in our Nutritional Products business and new generic product approvals. I would note that we expect tthey sequential growth to continue into tthey fourth quarter, which would make tthey fourth quarter our strongest earnings quarter of ttheir fiscal year and well above last year’s fourth quarter. Overall, ttheir means, we continue to expect to see a stronger second half of fiscal ’15, compared to tthey first half, which hopefully should set us up nicely as we theyad into fiscal ’16. As in past quarters, our Human Health segment drove our growth in sales, gross profit and gross margin, reflecting a strong execution at Rising Pharmaceuticals, which as most of you know, is our generic, our finittheyyd dosage form generics business. For tthey third consecutive quarter, Human Health was our largest business segment in terms of sales and gross profits. And on tthey year-to-date basis, our Human Health and Pharma Ingredients segments togettheyr accounted for more than two-thirds of our sales and three quarters of our total gross profits. Ttheyse measures are indicative of our ongoing evolution into Human Health oriented company and tthey good progress we are making towards that important strategic goal. We will now turn tthey individual segment performance, I will touch on some key points and ttheyn Doug will go into some furttheyr details. Starting with tthey Human Health segment, sales grew by 66% in tthey quarter to $56.3 million and gross profit nearly doubled original level of $20 million. Tthey growth was achieved on tthey strength of our extended product portfolio since acquiring tthey PACK Pharmaceuticals business, as well as some benefit from tthey pricing actions we took earlier ttheir year. In tthey quarter we also entered into a licensing and distribution agreement for a small branded product line that we acquired as part of tthey PACK deal. That arrangement turns tthey selling and marketing of that particular product over to anottheyr party, who is much larger and much more focused in tthey area of branded products than we are. And it will allow us eittheyr to receive royalties and milestone payments from future sales of that particular branded product. In terms of our pipeline of projects, we currently have 92 projects in our pipeline that includes 52 ANDAs that are on file with tthey FDA right now and those 52 ANDAs have over $4 billion in total IMS estimated annual sales. Of those 52 ANDAs, half have been on file with tthey FDA for over two years now or 24 months, and nine which have been on file for over 37 months. So of those 26 products that have been on file over two years, those have estimated annual sales by IMS of over $1.7 billion. Currently we're estimating that tthey average time to receive a decision from tthey FDA on a completed ANDA is about 42 months so that should be taken into account wtheyn reviewing our pipeline information, which is in our investor presentation that's available online in our website. Regarding new products, in April we announced tthey launch of two new generic products for us, both those expanding and rising with our common portfolio. We launctheyd tthey 0.25% and tthey 0.5% strengths of Timolol Maleate Ophthalmic Solution and a 0.3% strength of Ofloxacin Ophthalmic Solution. Ttheyse products are representative of our strategy of rising to focus on nicthey products, in ttheir case obviously ophthalmics. Tthey U.S. market sales for tthey Timolol products that we launctheyd were about $60 million for tthey 12 months ended February of 2015 according to IMS and tthey U.S. market sales for tthey Ofloxacin products that we launctheyd for that same period were about $20 million. So, again in that kind of nicthey category. With respect to R&D spend, as many of you know most of our expenditures are milestone based and ttheyy represent investments in our generic finittheyyd dosage form pipeline. Milestone progress is definitely picked up in ttheir third quarter and R&D spend was $2.1 million in tthey quarter. We expect now full year R&D spend will be in tthey range of $6 million to $6.5 million for tthey fiscal '15 year, which would be about 20% higtheyr than last year’s level. Tthey ottheyr part of our Human Health segment nutritional products reported ongoing softness compared to last year, that’s both in tthey U.S. and abroad and that continues tthey sluggish pace we’ve seen during tthey first half of ttheir year. And as it did in tthey first two quarters of ttheir year, nutritional sales and profits contracted ttheir quarter versus last year’s third quarter. Turning to tthey Pharmaceutical Ingredient segment, sales were $40.5 million in tthey quarter, which is a decrease of 15% versus tthey 2014 third quarter. We saw slowness in ttheir segment in both tthey active pharmaceutical ingredients as well as our pharmaceutical intermediates. That said, I would say that a high percentage of ttheir segment’s business is conducted in Europe and tthey majority of tthey decrease in sales was due to tthey weakening of tthey euro relative to tthey U.S. dollar. In Performance Ctheymicals, we had a solid quarter with sales increasing by 14% to just under $49 million and gross profit grown by 33% to $10 million in tthey quarter. Tthey segment saw a solid growth in specialty ctheymicals broadly, as well as in tthey agricultural protection products. A mix was favorable in tthey quarter and in particular due to tthey finittheyyd ag protection products. As a result, gross margin for tthey segment rose by 300 basis points ttheir quarter to a little over 20%, which is well above tthey segment’s typical average gross margin of approximately 17%. Although, we don't expect that 20% level to persist, we are continuing our efforts to improve tthey segment’s margins via pricing and product mix improvements and obviously, we are also pushing to continue to develop new business opportunities. As we close out fiscal ’15, we expect to continue to realize benefits of tthey price actions taken on certain of tthey Rising products earlier ttheir year. We also expect to see some benefit of tthey two generic products that I just mentioned that we launctheyd recently. Although as previously noted in general, new product activity within tthey generic space has been much slower ttheir year than previously anticipated and we’ve talked about that given tthey slowness in product approvals. Our nutritional business continues to be slow. We do not expect that to reverse its negative quarterly trend in tthey fourth quarter. Regarding foreign exchange, we had expected tthey weakening euro to create theyadwinds for our business in Europe. And in fact, that did occur and actually at levels higtheyr than we had previously anticipated. As a result, we now expect sales and earnings growth for tthey year to be in tthey mid-single digit range, which is slightly below tthey mid-to-upper single digit range we had talked about expected last quarter. However, while not for tthey furttheyr weakening of tthey euro, our expectations for growth would have been unchanged from tthey previous quarter. So with that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Doug for a discussion of our financial results and ttheyn we will open it up to questions. Doug Roth Thank you, Sal and good morning everyone. I will walk you through our financial results for tthey third fiscal quarter, starting with consolidated net sales. We grew net sales 16.8% to just under a $146 million compared to $125 million for tthey third quarter last year. Total company gross profit was $36.6 million, an increase of 46.6%, compared to $25 million in last year's third quarter. Gross margins for tthey third quarter was 25.1%, compared to 20% in tthey prior year period. On a reported segment basis, Human Health segment sales were $56.3 million, an increase of just under 66%, driven by tthey higtheyr sales at Rising, due to tthey acquisition of PACK Pharma in April 2014 and recent price increases. Slightly offsetting tthey sales boost from Rising were lower nutritional product sales, both in tthey U.S .and internationally, as high customer inventory levels resulted in soft reorders. Nutritional results were also impacted by approximately $600,000 decline in royalty income on certain proprietary ingredients. Gross profit for tthey Human Health segment was $20 million, almost doubling last year's $10.1 million level. Gross margin in tthey second -- for tthey third quarter was 35.4%, compared to 29.7% in tthey third quarter of fiscal 2014. Ttheir strong gain in gross margin was due to tthey combination of tthey additional PACK products and tthey price creases on certain Rising products. Pharmaceutical Ingredient segment sales were $40.5 million or 15% below last year's third quarter. On a constant currency basis, tthey Pharmaceutical Ingredient sales were adversely affected by $4.3 million due to tthey impact of tthey strong U.S. dollar versus tthey euro. Gross profit was $6.7 million, a decrease of approximately 10%, compared to $7.4 million from last year's third quarter. Virtually, all tthey decrease in our gross margin -- gross profit was caused by tthey weakening of tthey euro. Gross margin for tthey third quarter was 16.5%, compared to 15.5% for tthey prior quarter. Our Performance Ctheymical segment sales were $48.9 million, an increase of $13.7 compared to tthey third quarter fiscal 2014. Tthey gain was predominantly due to higtheyr sales of agricultural, dye and pigment intermediates, as well as agricultural protection products. Gross profit was $10 million, an increase of 33% compared to last year. And our gross margin was 24 -- 20.4% rattheyr for tthey third quarter compared to 17.4% in tthey prior year quarter. Tthey increases in both gross profit and margin were largely due to tthey product mix, including tthey agricultural protection product sales. Our SG&A was $19.1 million, up $2.7 million or 16.4% over last year, of which $2.4 million was directly related to tthey addition of PACK, which included amortization expense associated with tthey acquired intangible assets of $1.2 million. Our research and development expenses were $2.1 million compared to $1.5 million in tthey prior year. As I’ve stated in prior calls, tthey majority of our R&D expense are milestone based, and will fluctuate quarterly. Our operating income in tthey third quarter was $15.4 million more than twice last year's level of $7.1 million. Our interest expense increased to $1 million compared to $300,000 last year, reflecting higtheyr average balances outstanding under our credit facility, which we used to fund tthey purchase of PACK. Interest and ottheyr income declined $2 million from last year's level, primarily as a result of $1.4 million or approximately $0.03 per diluted share recorded for unrealized foreign exchange losses, resulting from tthey mark-to-market valuation of our foreign currency future contracts. Our net income was $8.4 million or $0.29 per diluted share, compared with net income of $5.4 million or $0.19 per diluted share for tthey third quarter fiscal 2014. Non-GAAP adjusted net income was $10 million in tthey third quarter compared to $6.9 million in tthey prior year, a 40% increase. Non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share were $0.34 compared to $0.24 in tthey year ago third quarter, a 41.7% increase. And finally, our EBITDA for tthey third quarter was $17.5 million, an increase of $7.4 million or 73% over tthey prior year period. As I mentioned in our last earnings call, our results have been adversely affected by tthey weakening of tthey euro compared to tthey dollar in fiscal 2015. Our nine-month results included a $2.1 million charge for unrealized foreign exchange losses related to tthey mark-to-market valuation of our foreign exchange future contracts. On a constant currency basis, our revenue has been negatively affected by approximately 2% and our diluted earnings per share by approximately 5%. Now turning to our balance ttheyyet. At March 31st, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $35.5 million, working capital was $167.4 million and shareholder equity totaled $240.3 million. Bank debt -- we had bank debt of $107.2 million at tthey quarter end, which included mortgages and a drawdown of our credit facility, primarily -- once again primarily due to tthey funding of tthey PACK acquisition. We believe that our capital resources continue to provide ample liquidity to fund our future growth plans. Now, I’d like to open tthey call up to tthey -- for questions. Operator, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Gregg Gilbert from Deutscthey Bank. Gregg Gilbert Hi. Good morning. I have a few generic questions. First, on tthey acquisition front, what types of deals are you considering ttheyre and what’s tthey range of sizes you would consider ttheyre and I’ll stop ttheyre and ttheyn I have some follow-ups? Sal Guccione Sure. So, thank you, Gregg. So tthey acquisitions we’ve made in tthey past have been in tthey, say, tthey purchase price range of $50 million to $100 million. And so, I would say, kind of our sweet spot for acquisition might be ttheyse days in tthey range of $50 million to maybe $125 million or something like that. We would look for companies that add pipeline for us potentially to --- at R&D or formulating capabilities for us. But essentially, from an acquisition point of view, we’ve looked by companies that are very similar to tthey Rising pharmaceutical, in fact pharmaceutical company that we purchased, that’d be our sweet spot that’s what we’re looking forward. That’s not to say, we wouldn’t do a deal suitably larger or suitably smaller depending on tthey opportunity. Gregg Gilbert Are ttheyre specialty nicthey areas in generics that you're not interested in? Sal Guccione No. Our model is a little bit different than some ottheyrs in that. We partner our products with development partners and manufacturing folks. So we are not tied to any particular technology delivery form segment of tthey market. So we look more for tthey opportunity in terms of tthey product and its position in tthey marketplace. And ttheyn we go out, find tthey right partner. So ttheyre’s no particularly as if we say, we’re looking for and not particularly as if we’d say, we’re not going to do. Gregg Gilbert Okay. And my ottheyr question is about tthey FDA environment, particularly tthey office of generic drug. You mentioned how right some of your NDAs are. Have you noticed tthey new environment of late for more recent filings and that tthey FDA is picking up ttheir team on reviews? Would you bucket in -- would you say that it depends on which bucket tthey NDA filings are in, in terms of timing? Thanks. Sal Guccione Thank you. So I would say, if ttheyory was supposed to seeing that, absolutely. I’m not certain that I can actually say, right now that we've seen any material change in tthey processing. But we are optimistic that we will begin to see some improvement in that area. Thank you. Gregg Gilbert Thanks. Operator We have a question from Ben Natter from Emrose Capital. Ben Natter Yes. Hi, guys. Wondering if you could breakout tthey impact, it’s a full impact from tthey price increase that Rising reflect in tthey financial ttheir quarter? Sal Guccione In tthey third quarter, no. it would -- we expect to potentially get tthey full impact of tthey increases by tthey end of tthey fourth quarter. Ben Natter Okay. Great. And ttheyn looking at that your fourth quarter looks really strong, implied by your guidance. How much of a theyadwind should be active Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment be year-over-year from a profitability standpoint based on lower reorders of that high margin API, going into fiscal ’16? Sal Guccione I’m sorry. Ben Natter I’m sorry. Reflect, again, going into fiscal ’16. Sal Guccione Yeah. I think it’s been -- good question. It’s impacted our quarterly numbers up and down for tthey last couple of years as you know. And ttheir year it's been significantly down as we expected, as tthey product is moving to more commercial state. So, if your question is looking into next year, next year we expect probably, ttheir is, again, it’s kind of early, but we think it will be flat to down, but not nearly impact that we saw ttheir year versus last year. Ben Natter Great. Now that’s theylpful. And lastly, tthey R&D milestones, does that something based on approval of ANDA or is that more based on filing of ANDA, just like anything understand… Sal Guccione Yeah. It’s actually based on development steps along tthey way. So we’ll -- we have -- we will part with somebody in developing tthey ANDA before [Technical Difficulty] let say and we set certain goals coming up with tthey formulation, doing bio study, et cetera and ttheyn filing. And as we hit those various goals, we’ll make payments to tthey partners. So it’s mostly steps along tthey way as we get to filing. Doug Roth And success based. Sal Guccione Yeah. Success based. Ben Natter And as you guys have ttheir mature pipeline, I mean, as you start hopefully getting approvals, I mean, is ttheyre, theirtorically, how long is it taking you to obtain your market shared goals in ttheyse products? Sal Guccione So it’s a good question. I don’t have it down to tthey sizable, what I would say is, fairly quickly we -- we’ll get tthey approval and fairly quickly a month or two after that wtheyn tthey market and we are getting tthey most of tthey share that we expect. Because again you are planning ttheir as time goes, before your launch. But I would say it takes a year before you kind of settle in wtheyre you want to be. Ben Natter Okay. That's very theylpful. Thank you for your time guys. Sal Guccione Thank you. Doug Roth Thank you. Operator We have a question from Steve Howard from Morgan Stanley. Steve Howard Good morning. Sal Guccione Good morning. Steve Howard Tthey question I have is related more towards future PACK’s and Rising’s and what tthey acquisition landscape looks like tthey number of $50 million to $125 million came it is out ttheyre, is it that ttheyy don’t come walking by more than a couple of times a year or is it you are looking at a lot of ttheym and you just need to fund tthey right one? Sal Guccione Yeah. That’s a good question. No. It’s tthey performer. Ttheyre are a not a lot of ttheym out ttheyre. And so it takes us a while to establish tthey relationship find ttheym a service relationship and ttheyn get tthey deal done. And I guess that's why spend -- acquisitions are definitely part of our strategy. But tthey number one part is kind of building on our own and ttheyn every so often, hopefully, landing one of ttheyse acquisitions. But I would not say ttheyre are loads of those opportunities out ttheyre that's -- it takes some doing to find ttheym. Steve Howard Okay. And ttheyn on tthey API, which will, as you said, roll off to be a flat -- a flatter issue relative to year-over-year comparisons. How well positioned are you to benefit from any future high margin API opportunities down tthey road? Is ttheir something you are competing for regularly or is ttheir something that just was a nice to have? Sal Guccione So it’s a good question. No, ttheir is not tthey norm okay. Ttheyre aren’t many of those opportunities out ttheyre. We happen to have a very good position. And actually in ttheir particular case, kind of I guess you’d say wtheyn above and beyond to secure ttheir business for tthey customers. And so it’s been a real partnership between tthey two of us and it’s worked out nicely. That's not tthey norm. Tthey norm is more tthey typical API again for us distribution business and margins, which you are going to be in that 15%, 17%, 18% range, something like that. Steve Howard That's theylpful. Thank you very much. Sal Guccione Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] We have a question from [Lester Patrici] [ph] with tthey Private Investor. Lester Patrici Congratulations on a really solid quarter, fellows. It's really appreciated. Sal Guccione Thank you. Lester Patrici Yes. Just one question, tthey FX theyadwind to tthey bottomline of $0.03 was unfortunate. Of course everybody is faced with that. But could you quantify tthey topline, tthey revenue, FX theyadwind, it must have been more than a few million dollars? Sal Guccione Yes. I believe I comment on that, Lester. Doug Roth We talked about tthey percentage. Sal Guccione Yes. Lester Patrici You gave us a -- I missed it, you gave us a percentage, I am sorry, I missed, what was tthey $100 million? Sal Guccione Les, it’s about 2%, but Doug is actually going to look for just to give just a couple of separate ttheyory might have actually for… Doug Roth Yes. So in terms of our topline for tthey nine months, it was $8.5 million in tthey quarter. Tthey quarter specifically was steep compared to last year and that was $6.3 million. Lester Patrici So, I mean, you have been a much more significant result without tthey current wall of tthey currency. Sal Guccione Yes. Lester Patrici So, can I ask you -- I mean, you put ttheir fantastic number output with tthey slowdown in tthey nutritional, was getting very little approvals of new products. I mean, you just got two of eight and those haven’t -- I don’t think those have launctheyd yet. But it’s anyone’s guess what’s going to happen in tthey next two months of tthey year? I guess we could still get some more approvals. But if I ask you just take a guess out, you included tthey next two months and all of 12 months of next year, how many products you think you might get launctheyd, knowing tthey backlog at tthey FDA? And ttheyy keep promising 2016, 2017, ttheyy are going to clean it up. Would you expect to get tthey six that are sort of really rip and ttheyn several more of it anticipated for 2016, if you can just give us a sense of what your thinking is? Sal Guccione Sure. And ttheir has become something that’s just very difficult for us, because of -- it’s just become very difficult to predict and that’s why we are kind of going on ttheir ageing look. But what I would say is, again, our fiscal year ends theyre in June 30 of tthey next two months. I’m actually not optimistic that we will launch anymore products ttheir year, maybe one. Okay. But that’s kind of what I’m thinking for ttheir year. And for next year, again, we haven’t done our budgets yet, so it is very preliminary. But I would say it previously had been, our goal at least to launch between 5 and 10 a year. So, I would think that that’s kind of, as we go into next year, we’d expect something in that range. But we’ve become a little gun-shy to predict it because we have been very good at predicting that number. But that would be kind of our, maybe our open expectation for next year. But we’ll probably have more on that a quarter from now. Lester Patrici We are theyaring that in all tthey conference calls. Everyone is disappointed at tthey FDA. So everyone is pointing out that ttheyy could do for money and ttheyy supposedly hired more people, tthey slippage just continues. So it must be really frustrating and it may affect your competitor position as things age with tthey FDA. Anyway, congratulations on pulling it to tthey bottom line with all ttheyse theyadwinds. It's a terrific result. Thank you. Sal Guccione Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] We show no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey meeting back over to Sal for final remarks. Sal Guccione Okay. Thank you, Operator. And again thanks everybody for joining us theyre today. I just mentioned that we will be presenting at tthey Jefferies Healthcare Conference in early June. So hope to see some of you at that conference and ttheyn next time, we’ll get togettheyr, will be in September for our fourth quarter and full year fiscal ‘15 conference call. So hope to see you at Jefferies. Ottheyrwise enjoy tthey summer and I’ll talk to you in September. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participation. You may now disconnect.