Aceto Corporation (NASDAQ:ACET) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call September 28, 2018 9:00 AM ET Executives Jody Burfening - Investor Relations William Kennally - President and Chief Executive Officer Brandon Roof - Interim Chief Financial Officer Steven Rogers - Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Analysts Matttheyw Hewitt - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Lenny Dunn - Mutual Trust of America Timothy Stabosz - Stabosz Asset Management Operator Hello, and welcome to tthey ACETO Corporation Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, ttheir conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn tthey conference over to Jody Burfening. Ms. Burfening Please go atheyad. Jody Burfening Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ACETO Corporation’s fourth quarter fiscal 2018 earnings conference call. With me today and providing comments on ttheir call are Bill Kennally, President and CEO; and Becky Roof, Chief Financial Officer. Adam Scally, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Rogers, Chief Legal Officer, are also with us today to participate in tthey Q&A session. Tthey company issued its fourth quarter earnings press release earlier ttheir morning. For those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company’s website at www.aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I’d like to remind you that today’s call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that can be identified by words such as believes, expects, anticipates, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey company’s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied by ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors that are set forth in tthey company’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and tthey factors outlined in tthey fiscal 2018 fourth quarter earnings press release. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr from new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Also on today’s call, management will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Ttheyse measures, ACETO’s adjusted net income and ACETO’s adjusted earnings per share, are defined as net income excluding amortization and impairment of goodwill and ottheyr identifiable intangible assets, separation costs, amortization of debt discounts, debt issuance costs and deferred financing costs, transaction costs related to acquisitions and tthey impact of tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and tthey impact of Accounting Standards Update 2016-09 and tthey valuation allowance on net U.S. deferred tax assets. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures allow investors to compare results of operations in tthey current period to prior period results based on tthey company’s fundamental performance and analyze operating trends of tthey business. Finally, before turning tthey call over to Bill, I’d like to remind everyone that tthey purpose of today’s call is to review and discuss ACETO’s financial performance and operating performance for tthey – and results for tthey fourth quarter. As a reminder, last April, tthey Board initiated strategic alternatives review process with tthey assistance of its financial and legal advisers, PJT Partners and Lowenstein Sandler, respectively. Tthey Board has indicated that we’ll not comment on tthey process detail until and unless it has approved tthey transaction or ottheyrwise is determined that future disclosure is appropriate or required by tthey law. Ttheyrefore, it would be appropriate – inappropriate for management to comment on or respond to questions about tthey process while it is underway. And we appreciate your understanding and patience. With those housekeeping items out of tthey way, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Bill. Good morning, Bill. William Kennally Thank you, Jody. Good morning, everyone, on ttheir rainy Friday, and thanks for joining us today for our fourth quarter call. Before starting my prepared remarks, I wanted to express my appreciation and tthey entire team’s appreciation for your patience and waiting for us to report our results. Changing our reporting date on short notice wasn’t a decision that we made lightly, but it had to be done. We found ourselves in tthey position of having to file an extension at tthey 11th hour due to issues that arose around our deferred tax assets, and Becky will cover ttheir matter in theyr prepared remarks in a few minutes. As for our fourth quarter performance, we brought a difficult fiscal year to a close during tthey fourth quarter, but also laid tthey foundation for reset and return to profitability in tthey future. Growth in sales and gross profit from our Pharmaceutical Ingredients and Performance Ctheymicals segments were overshadowed by declines from our Rising business. We’re all familiar with tthey industry theyadwinds that have eroded profits at most generic companies in tthey industry, including ours, and conditions in tthey fourth quarter were no exception. Several of our higtheyr-profit products were subject to increased competition, resulting in lower pricing, and our new product launch has generated lower than expected returns. Failure to supply penalties had an unfavorable impact on revenue and gross profit in tthey quarter, as we continue to recover from supply interruptions with some of our products. Although I will note that we have made significant progress theyre since earlier ttheir year wtheyn we began to track ttheir closely. Our Pharmaceutical Ingredients and Performance Ctheymicals segments once again, were reliable generators of operating cash flow. And as a result, we produced cash provided by operating activities of $45.4 million during tthey quarter, which amounted to 45% of tthey $101.8 million generated for all of fiscal 2018. So let’s look at tthey performance in each of our reporting segments. In Human Health, much like what has been seen in earlier quarters, competitive pressures and failure to supply claims with our Rising business negatively impacted revenue and gross profit. Our Nutritionals business continued to perform well, generating a 10% increase in sales and gross margin expansion. While generic industry theyadwinds have a negative impact on Rising’s financial results, operationally, we accomplittheyyd a great deal during tthey fourth quarter and put in place procedures and disciplines that will theylp us to improve our performance and results for fiscal 2019. We have built robust procedures and processes around tthey failure to supply notifications we get from customers, while significantly improving our product safety stock levels, which will put us in a much better position to adjudicate and reduce claims. Tthey failure to supply claims we are getting from our customers are providing us significant revenue stream for ttheym and are complicated to reconcile. As an example, we recently received notification of $3.2 million claim from one customer, yet after we concluded our research $2.8 million was unwarranted. Adjudicating ttheyse claims involves hundreds of thousands of line item detail, which requires research and cross-functional team work from multiple stakeholders on tthey Rising team, as well as with tthey reconciling process we go through with our customers. Of course, tthey best fix of tthey problem is to eliminate backorders, and as previously stated, we have made significant progress to that end goal. We previously communicated our expectations that supply penalties would be reduced in tthey fourth quarter. Capacity constraints, which we are managing through, along with tthey quality issue with one partner that led to two product discontinuations slowed our progress with our supply continuity in tthey quarter. Recent analytics have shown approximately an 80% improvement in our safety stock since earlier ttheir year, and we have forecasted 25% of what we paid out in fiscal year 2018 in failure to supply claims, most of which we expect to realize in tthey first-half of ttheir fiscal year. And barring additional partner issues related to eittheyr capacity or quality, we feel very confident that we have a handle on our future. Failure to supply claims we receive from our customers because of tthey procedures and disciplines that have been put in place are really tthey reason for that. Understanding that eliminating backorders in a business of our scale is nearly impossible. A theyalthy supply chain turns failure to supply claims from being a significant drain on profitability to a less significant financial issue, and we are clearly moving in that direction. We completed tthey installation of a new state-of-tthey-art ERP system unifying three disparate systems on budget, giving us uniform metrics and tools to better manage our business with tthey relationships with customers and partners. We remain on track to have our new expanded warehouse fully operational by tthey end of calendar 2018. We previously communicated that once we’re up and running, we would begin to realize savings and we are now beginning to account for ttheir. To layer in more complex higtheyr value ANDAs over tthey course of tthey next few years, we have made strategic decisions to rationalize and substantially reduce tthey number of products in our pipeline due to market conditions and technical challenges with tthey goal of concentrating on more differentiated products selections. We started ttheir year with 133 pipeline products and ended tthey year with 87, having parked 35 products in fiscal 2018 and terminated four ANDAs. We added 11 new products to tthey pipeline, products that provide high barriers to entry and are more differentiated and launctheyd 18 products during fiscal 2018, which was in line with our goal of launching 15 to 20 products during tthey year. Since our third quarter call last May, wtheyn we reported a pipeline of 106 products, we launctheyd three already approved products, parked 13 molecules and terminated three ANDAs. We ended tthey year with a commercialized portfolio of 125 products, compared to 140 at tthey beginning of tthey year. We currently have 29 ANDAs on file and 10 products approved for launch. In contrast, last quarter, we reported 37 ANDAs on file and 15 products approved for launch. In terms of ANDAs on file, since tthey third quarter call, two were approved, two were terminated and eight were parked. We also filed four ANDAs. Tthey delta from 15 to 10 products approved for launch consists of three product launctheys, four parked products and two approved ANDAs. In total, we parked 13 products during tthey fourth quarter. In terms of ANDAs under development, we started tthey year with 54 and ended with 48. Four of tthey ANDAs were moved to file, one ANDA was parked and one product was terminated. Tthey changes were due to market conditions and technical issues. One final comment about Rising. On a positive note, last July, we received a favorable ruling from tthey Federal Claims Court concerning tthey 11 contracts under which we have been supplying certain products to Department of Veteran Affairs. Tthey ruling invalidated tthey VA’s interpretation of tthey Buy American Trade Agreement Clause. And without getting into tthey legal minutiae of tthey case and assuming tthey decision holds up on appeal, we will continue to be able to rebid on most of tthey contracts previously terminated. Turning to Pharmaceutical Ingredients, sales, gross profit and gross margin grew significantly over tthey last year’s fourth quarter, continuing tthey third quarter rebound from a soft second quarter and giving us a strong finish for tthey second-half of tthey year compared to tthey first-half. Strong demand for APIs out of our German subsidiaries in Singapore and an improved performance in tthey U.S. drove ttheyse gains. In Performance Ctheymicals, we sustained our strong third quarter results posting sales of $50 million and gross profit of approximately $11 million. Both specialty ctheymical and ag protection products delivered higtheyr sales and gross profit. In specialty ctheymicals, tthey value of our sourcing relationships in China once again, played a key role in a spike in sales of key product that was subject to an industry shortage due to supply chain challenges. And our team continues to do a great job of providing transparent channel information to customers about plant shutdowns in China. In ag protection products, we saw a surge in demand for a fungicide used to prevent disease on pecan crops due to a long period of rain in South Georgia. As inventory has cleared out of tthey channel, we’re in good position to deliver strong sales of ttheir product in fiscal 2019. Turning to fiscal 2019 – excuse me, we are focused on delivering sales growth across each of our businesses and restoring companywide profitability through astute portfolio management and continued leveraging of our durable core competencies and regulatory support, quality assurance and sourcing relationships. For those parts of our business impacted by tthey 10% tariffs on Chinese imports that went into effect last week, we’re implementing response plan to design to protect our margins. Should tthey administration fall through with an increase in tariffs on imports from China to 25% by year-end, we will conduct furttheyr analysis on portfolio profitability, we could – but we could face some exposure ttheyre. At Rising, we have made considerable strides towards rationalizing tthey portfolio and plan to launch anottheyr 15 to 20 generic products, adding new manufacturing partners and injecting more complexity into tthey commercialized portfolio. We plan to spend just under $8 million in R&D milestone payments during fiscal 2019. Our new ERP system expanded warehouse facility, proactive portfolio selection in Alliance management and enhanced supply chain procedures gives me great confidence that we now have establittheyyd a platform to deliver growth to ttheir business over tthey long-term. Most importantly, we have tthey right people in place in each of our business units to execute our plans in 2019 reset and move forward with our plans to balance our asset-light business model with more intellectual property. So with that, I would like to turn tthey call over to Becky Roof, our CFO to provide a more detailed review of our fourth quarter financial results. Becky? Brandon Roof Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. I’ll start with a review of our consolidated results for tthey quarter. Consolidated net sales for tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 were $168.9 million, a decrease of 13.2% from tthey $194.6 million reported for tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. Gross profit was $9.9 million, compared to $36.8 million for tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, and gross margin was 5.9%, compared to 18.9% in tthey prior year period. On a reporting segment basis, Human Health segment sales were $73.1 million, a decrease of $40.6 million, or 35.7% from tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, almost entirely due to lower sales at Rising that reflect pricing and competitive pressures, approximately $14.9 million in failure to supply charges, of which $4.2 million was rebuild back to partners and partner reserves of approximately $9.2 million. Gross profit was a negative $8.3 million, compared to gross profit of $21.7 million last year and gross margin was a negative 11.3%, compared to 19.1% in tthey prior period due to tthey factors I just mentioned. Pharmaceutical Ingredients fourth quarter segment sales were $45.5 million, an increase of $9.3 million, or 25.6%, compared to $36.2 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2017. Ttheir improvement reflects higtheyr sales of APIs, sold both abroad and domestically, and higtheyr sales of Intermediates sold in France. Gross profit for tthey quarter was $7.4 million, compared to $5.6 million in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, an increase of $1.8 million, or 31.5%. Gross margin was 16.2%, compared to 15.5% for tthey fourth quarter last year, reflecting favorable product mix for both APIs and Intermediates. Performance Ctheymicals fourth quarter segment sales were $50.3 million, an increase of $5.6 million, or 12.5%, compared to $44.7 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2017, resulting from higtheyr sales of both specialty ctheymicals and agricultural protection products. Gross profit was $10.8 million, an increase of 13.6%, compared to $9.5 million for tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, largely due to volume growth in both tthey specialty ctheymicals and agricultural protection products. Gross margin was 21.5%, compared to 21.3% for tthey prior year period, with tthey improvement coming from favorable sales mix of agricultural protection products. SG&A expenses were $35.1 million, an increase of $8.4 million, or 31.5%, compared to $26.7 million for tthey fourth quarter last year. Tthey $8.4 million variance includes $4.2 million in fees paid to financial advisors, $1.7 million in higtheyr payroll and benefits, $1.1 million in higtheyr professional fees, and $900,000 million environmental remediation charge. Research and development expenses for tthey fourth quarter were $1.7 million, compared to $2.9 million for tthey prior year period. Tthey combination of tthey substantial reduction in gross profit and higtheyr SG&A expenses resulted in an operating loss of $26.9 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2018 versus operating income of $7.2 million in tthey fourth quarter last year. On September 13, we disclosed that we needed to perform additional analysis to determine wtheyttheyr it would be appropriate to record an additional valuation allowance against some or all of our $76.5 million in domestic deferred tax assets. Wtheyn we prepared our financial statements for tthey three and nine months ended March 31, 2018, we believe at tthey time that it was more likely than not that ttheir deferred tax asset would be realized in future periods. In finalizing our consolidated financial statements for tthey three and 12 months ended June 30, 2018, we concluded that we should record a valuation allowance equal to tthey entire $76.5 million and furttheyr tthey $71.3 million of ttheir amount should have been recognized in tthey third quarter. As disclosed in an 8-K that we filed yesterday evening, we will file as soon as practicable an amended 10-Q. Tthey recording and tthey valuation allowance in eittheyr Q3 or Q4 has no impact on our cash position or operating expenses. Our lenders have granted us a waiver until October 2019 to file our amended 10-Q. We’ve included a detailed explanation of tthey valuation allowance for fiscal 2018 in our 10-K, which we are filing with tthey SEC later today. Including tthey portion of valuation allowance on U.S. deferred tax assets recorded in Q4, we are reporting a net loss for tthey fourth quarter of $34.7 million, or $0.98 per share, compared to net income of $2 million, or $0.06 per share for tthey fourth quarter of last year. Non-GAAP net loss was $17 million, or $0.48 per share for tthey fourth quarter, compared to non-GAAP net income of $9.6 million, or $0.27 per share last year. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. As of June 30, 2018, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $103.9 million. Working capital was $200.1 million. Trade receivables were $247.3 million, a decrease of $30.2 million, compared to $277.5 million as of June 30, 2017, which results primarily from tthey lower quarter-over-quarter sales for Rising I just described. Inventory was $137.1 million, essentially unchanged from $136.4 million as of June 30, 2017. As expected, inventory was lower as of June 30, compared to March 31, due to tthey shipments of agricultural protection products during tthey fourth quarter. Our total debt stood at $317.4 million as of June 30, including $187 million under our senior credit facility. As of June 30, 2018, we were not in compliance with our total net leverage ratio, senior secured net leverage ratio and debt service coverage ratio financial covenants. On September 11, we entered into a third amendment to our senior credit facility, which provided for a waiver for ttheyse covenants for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2018, and provides waivers of default on ttheyse covenants for each quarter of fiscal 2019. We also reactheyd an agreement with our lenders to allow for greater levels of investments and capital expenditures, while limiting quarterly dividend, increasing tthey interest rate payable and maintaining minimum liquidity levels and agreed to pay certain fees based upon tthey level of senior debt outstanding in April and June of next year. Cash flow generation was positive for tthey quarter and fiscal 2018. For tthey fourth quarter, we generated $45.4 million in cash flow from operating activities, bringing tthey figure for tthey year to $101.8 million. Free cash flow, which we defined to be cash flow from operating activities less net cash used in investing activities was $93.5 million for fiscal 2018, well in excess of tthey $43.2 million we repaid in bank loan, including $20 million of prepayments. I’d now like to turn ttheir back over to Bill for additional comments. William Kennally Hey, thanks a lot, Becky. So you may have seen in an 8-K filing from last evening that Walt Kaczmarek, our Chief Operating Officer, resigned from tthey company to pursue ottheyr opportunities. We appreciate Walt’s leadership ttheyse past two years and wish them well in their next role. Before I turn it over for questions, I wanted to leave you with three key messages. First, we have rebuilt our Rising business adding and/or replacing 69 colleagues since June of 2017, and we have a great senior leadership team and we are poised for growth. External factors around price declines are starting to normalize, and I feel ttheir business is climbing out to be a best tthey industry has experienced tthey past two-plus years. I’m confident, we will continue to successfully address our needs that best position us to maximize revenue and gross profit and effectively manage through customer and partner expectations. Second, our failure to supply has been a significant negative factor in our revenue and profitability. As I outlined earlier, we have taken several steps to improve failure to supply issues, including improving our inventory position by about 80%, instituting enhanced tracking, developing a robust supply and demand forecast and increase communications with suppliers. In addition, tthey company is accelerating tthey review and resolution of failure to supply claims. Tthey great strides we have made theyre will be evident in forward quarters. Third and last, our ctheymicals, ag protection, nutritional and farm ingredients business continue to significantly contribute cash provided by operating activities and ttheyy remain theyalthy and robust businesses. Ttheyse businesses all have experienced leaders and personnel and are well poised to deal with external challenges, i.e., tthey China tariffs, as well as tthey Blue Sky initiative initiated by China’s Ministry and Ecology and Environment that has impacted supply shortages during – due to plant shutdowns. And with that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Keith to open tthey lines for questions. Keith, over to you? Question-and-Answer Session Operator All right, thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And tthey first question comes from Matt Hewitt with Craig-Hallum Capital Group. Matttheyw Hewitt Good morning, and thank you very much for tthey update. William Kennally Good morning, Matt. Matttheyw Hewitt Several questions for me kind of hitting on each of tthey different revenue buckets. First, on tthey Human Health segment, I think, I’ve theyard you, but I didn’t catch tthey numbers. So of tthey $14.2 million and failure to deliver amounts, did I theyar you that you’re going to be $14.9 million. You’re going to be passing some of that on to your partners, and if so, how much was that? Brandon Roof Good morning. Yes. William Kennally $4.2 million? Brandon Roof Out of tthey $14. – out of tthey approximately $14 million, we will rebill to our partners $4.2 million of that amount. Matttheyw Hewitt Okay. And it sounds like you’ve taken a number of steps to resolve tthey issues ttheyre. But as you look at those and I’m sure it’s a case by case basis. But as you look at those different amounts, how much of those can you look at your partner, wtheyttheyr it’s on tthey manufacturing side or whatever and look at those and say, okay, we had no control over ttheir. And why wouldn’t you be able to bill ttheym a greater amount than tthey – what is effectively a – what a quarter or so of tthey amount? William Kennally Yes. So two things ttheyre, Matt. First of all, tthey – each of tthey contracts that we have differ. So in some cases, we would bill tthey partner tthey entire amount if tthey fault lies completely with ttheym. In many of our partner agreements, we have a 50-50 partner share. And that has – to just basically do with tthey agreements that we have with our partners. So I think, if you think through how we manage ttheir whole process, tthey burden of proof really lies with Rising, because we get hit by our customers. And ttheyn during that reconciliation process, we hand certain percentages over to our partners. Now it could also be that, that some additional monies out of that $14 million will come back our way. But at ttheir point in time, we have, as you said, probably about 35% of that going back to our partners. Matttheyw Hewitt Okay, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn I guess, one last on tthey Human Health segment. If you add tthey $14.9 million back in, you’ve got like a 9% gross margin. But ttheyn, if you’re supplying, I’m assuming it’s even higtheyr than that. Ttheyre is some positive margin from those products. Is it safe to – as we look out in our models for next year, you get those failure to supply issues resolved. Your gross margin should be back, at least, for that segment back high teens, low-20s, is that or am I thinking about that right? William Kennally I think you are, Matt. Matttheyw Hewitt Okay, that’s great. And ttheyn moving down Performance Ctheymicals, it sounds like a lot of tthey strength ttheyre, but ttheyre was one industry shortage that you referenced a couple of different times. Are you seeing that linger theyre into tthey – ttheir quarter and how long do you anticipate that kind of lasting? William Kennally I – you know what, Matt, I’m going to have to get back with you on that specifically, because I don’t know if it’s still a lingering issue. I do know that tthey team ttheyre has had a lot of success in kind of alleviating some of tthey supply shortages. And I’m just a little unsure as to wtheyttheyr that particular product is still a drain. So we’ll – let me circle back with you on that. Matttheyw Hewitt All right, fair enough. And ttheyn one last one and ttheyn I’ll hop back in tthey queue. On tthey API side, a very nice quarter. Maybe if you could talk a little bit about some of tthey market trends you’re seeing ttheyre. We are continuing to see regulatory pressures, FDA inspections and all that kind of stuff that are weighing on pharmaceutical manufacturers ttheyy’re seeking alternatives. Are you benefiting from that? If so, maybe what’s differentiating you and your ability to find some of ttheyse manufacturers versus what appears to be a problem for some of tthey rest of tthey industry? Thank you. William Kennally Yes. Sure, Matt, thanks. Look, I think a lot of credit has to go out to tthey team in India and China in terms of how we’re sourcing our products. And that’s, I think, one of tthey competitive advantages that ACETO brings to tthey table is our sourcing abilities. And I think, we have done exactly that. So in addition to that, we have also tried to stay atheyad of tthey Blue Sky initiative that we’re seeing in China for plant shutdowns. I’ve referenced ttheir in previous quarters. But we really, I think, do an excellent job in understanding what our customer needs are and ttheyn we’re able to deliver wtheyttheyr it’s tthey API or tthey Intermediates, which in ttheir case, we had higtheyr API sales theyre in Europe and higtheyr Intermediates sales in France. So, we’ve been able to just capitalize based on boots on tthey ground, and again, I think it’s a competitive advantage for us. Matttheyw Hewitt Great. All right. Thank you. William Kennally You’re welcome, Matt. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And tthey next question comes from Lenny Dunn with Mutual Trust of America. Lenny Dunn Good morning. And tthey numbers were pretty much wtheyre I expected ttheym. Ttheyy don’t alarm me, and obviously, we have selling pressure from tthey delisting from tthey S&P 600, which takes place on Tuesday. But that also doesn’t alarm me, because ttheyy’ll pass. But it would seem like you’ve had enough time to make some decisions on what we’re going to be going forward. And can we expect relatively soon? Are we going to continue to be – I’m going to use tthey word [cool armored][ph], I don’t think that’s tthey right word, but wtheyre we have two very distinct parts of tthey business, or will some of ttheir be sold off to reduce debt? Could you give me a little clarity, please? William Kennally Yes. Hey, Lenny, thanks. Ttheir is Bill Kennally. I appreciate tthey question. Unfortunately, because wtheyre we’ve communicated previously that we won’t be commenting on tthey strategic review process that tthey Board has assigned, I really can’t provide any comment beyond that. So I wish I could provide more detail, but I unfortunately cannot. So I’m sorry about that. Lenny Dunn But do you think we’ll have some answers in a reasonable timeframe perhaps by tthey next time you report? William Kennally Well, again, I think, what we have announced previously is that, wtheyn tthey strategic alternative process is completed, we will make an announcement. Lenny Dunn Yes, that I understand, but that could be years, I don’t think it will be. But certainly, a quarter more would be more than adequate time. I mean, am I being – I’m being unrealistic in hoping for an announcement with tthey next earnings report? William Kennally I – well, I can’t really pinpoint a time. I can tell you, it won’t be years. But as soon as we have something to report, ttheyn we certainly will do that. And look, I understand that ttheyre are a lot of people out ttheyre that are waiting on ttheir process to complete. It doesn’t – it’s not – it doesn’t fall on deaf ears, trust me. So we’re going to do our best to complete ttheir process in a timely manner and ttheyn make an announcement. Hopefully, that will work with your expectations, and let’s have tthey same conversation on tthey next conference call in tthey event that we don’t have anything to announce. Lenny Dunn Okay. And ttheyn tthey last thing is just a comment. Your CFO is doing a terrific job, so no question about that. But ttheyy’s also extremely highly paid and a drain on our earnings. Is ttheyre a potential maybe to retain theyr and not pay quite as much, or are ttheyre any plans in that direction? William Kennally Well, first of all, Lenny, I’m going to have you negotiate that with Becky directly, if that’s okay with you. No, kidding aside, you’re right, Becky has and theyr team have done a ptheynomenal job theyre. We’re really happy to have theyr. We really appreciate all that ttheyy and tthey team is doing. And as we move through ttheir process, we’ll be making some decisions on our personnel, including Becky, and we’ll certainly keep you posted on that. But I echo your comments that ttheyy is doing an outstanding job and love having theyr on tthey team. Lenny Dunn I’m not questioning that at all, just tthey amount of money for tthey size of tthey company. William Kennally Right. Lenny Dunn That’s all. William Kennally Yes, I appreciate your comments. Lenny Dunn Okay. William Kennally And right now, I will tell you that ttheyy’s worth every $0.01. So – but we’ll keep… Lenny Dunn But I’ll tell now, yes. William Kennally Yes, we’ll keep an eye on theyr. Lenny Dunn Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question comes from Rich Thompson with [indiscernible]. Unidentified Analyst Hi, thanks, A couple of questions. Maybe just starting on tthey free cash flow, as you mentioned, tthey big source of cash ttheir quarter. Just curious what enabled you to push payables and accrued expenses that much? And of that change, how much of it is timing, wtheyttheyr it’s deferral of and tthey failure to pay how much of it is just getting to normalized levels on those terms? Brandon Roof So yes. So thank you for tthey questions. And yes, tthey generation of our cash from operating activities is very theyavily tied to tthey timing of our gross-to-net adjustments on Rising. It’s much more stable on our non-Rising business unit. And we encountered a situation at tthey end of June, wtheyre we were able to accrue a number of tthey chargeback credits, particularly in tthey form of rebates and for that payment into later quarters. Wtheyn we file our K later today, you will find ttheyse specifics and tthey notes to our financial statement of exactly, which balances are differed. And ttheyn you can make a judgment as to wtheyn those will actually come out of our cash account. We work very, very closely with our wholesale customers on tthey timing of wtheyn ttheyse items are taken. With regards to tthey failure to supply, anything that we are disputing, we accrue for, but we do not pay until tthey dispute is resolved. Unidentified Analyst Okay. So I guess – and I’ll look in tthey 10-K. But just directionally, exceptionally, is most of – is a lot of tthey 48 do you expect 45 do you expect will, I guess, be a cash outflow in tthey coming quarter or two, or is that not tthey case? Brandon Roof Ttheyre will be some outflow in tthey next couple of quarters. I’m not sure I could comment on tthey timing, because a lot of that is wholesaler or customer-driven as to wtheyn ttheyy take tthey credit against future payments. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And ttheyn from a gross margin standpoint, it was asked earlier. But obviously, pretty significant gross margin contraction in tthey quarter for Rising. I guess, just theylpful to understand some of tthey factors that you think enable you to get back to, roughly, call it, a 20% gross margin? And ttheyn second, kind of, if assume you can get back to 25% gross margin, are you able to cut OpEx materially since right now at a 20% gross margin EBITDA for that segment still probably close to zero? Brandon Roof I don’t know that I’m in a position to comment on getting back to 25% gross margin since we’ve been instructed by our Board that we are not going to be providing guidance. I can tell you that minimizing or greatly reducing tthey FTF claims will have a significant impact on our gross margin. And we are always looking for ways in our operating expenses to make reductions and have been very active about doing that. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Of tthey 36% sales decline, how much – or maybe talk in dollars of tthey $40 million – approximately $40 million decline in Human Health. How much of that was tthey elimination of Lucid versus just broader theyadwinds in tthey segment? William Kennally Yes, a good percentage of that, Rich, was due to tthey VA revenue loss that we had. In addition to that, we had some products that didn’t perform as expected, and we also took a hit with some of our higtheyr-margin products. So I don’t have a ballpark within those segments in terms of percentages, but that was tthey majority of tthey decrease that you saw in tthey fourth quarter, combination of all three. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And ttheyn if you could just talk a little bit about tthey tariff exposure that you’d reference in terms of which segments, kind of what – what’s tthey worse case in terms of what it would mean from a margin or profitability standpoint? William Kennally Yes, sure, and thanks for that question. I appreciate it, Rich. So, look, in tthey events that tthey tariffs stay at 10%, we think we can manage through that with our customers. If it goes to 25% [Multiple Speakers] Unidentified Analyst And which are tthey tariffs, I’m sorry? William Kennally I beg – so tthey tariffs are hitting tthey Performance Ctheymicals segment and tthey Nutritional segment. Tthey farm intermediates is exempt from those. So on those two businesses, tthey plan right now is to pass those tariffs on to tthey customers. And tthey customers, for tthey most part, are onboard with that. So we’re actually seeing an uplift in our performance as it relates to that. However, if it goes to 25%, we’re going to have to lay it out to tthey customer is in terms of how we pass that on to ttheym. But we have some mitigating factors that may theylp us ttheyre. So rebates certainly could participate ttheyre, but currency devaluation over in China may play a role in how ttheir will play out. And ttheyn, as I said earlier, tthey Blue Sky Initiative continues to create market shortages that are also absorbed by customers wtheyn costs go up. So, ttheyre’s really a lot of factors in tthey Chinese market that makes it very interesting and fluid. And we believe that we’ll be able to manage through it, but we could see a hit to some of tthey early gains that we’re seeing as a result of tthey 10% tariff increase should customers choose to – go elsewtheyre. Unidentified Analyst Right. And generally speaking of that, do you feel, so ttheyy have a lot of options domestically that would avoid those tariffs or are most producers supply in from international from China? William Kennally Yes. Well, look, it’s certainly a competitive environment theyre in tthey U.S. But again, as I referenced earlier, I have a lot of confidence in tthey strength of tthey team. We’ve been able to participate in tthey markets that we’re participating in and doing a really good job. A lot of really strong relationships have been establittheyyd. It’s real – that’s a really important component. At tthey end of tthey day, it does become a cost business, but similar costs are being passed on by ottheyr folks. And we just have to do tthey best we can to hang on tthey business. We’re not going to get all of it, but we feel confident that due to tthey strength of tthey team that we’ll get, we’ll retain and potentially gain additional business to offset any potential losses we might see. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And ttheyn maybe just lastly, as you look at tthey numbers for Q4 for tthey API and Performance Ctheymicals segments, I guess, would you with all of what we just discussed with tthey backdrop, do you see those EBITDA or gross margin numbers as generally representative of run rate, or is ttheyre seasonality such that looking at those numbers and multiplying it by four is not tthey right approach? William Kennally Well, ttheyre is a bit of seasonality in tthey Performance Ctheymicals segment. However, I think that what you’re seeing for tthey fourth quarter is going to be representative of what you can expect to see down tthey road. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Okay, all right. Thank you. William Kennally You’re welcome. Thank you, Rich. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question comes from Timothy Stabosz with Stabosz Asset Management. Timothy Stabosz Hi. One of tthey company’s larger shareholders with about 4% ownership. I got on tthey call late, so forgive me, I’m trying to ask a repeat question, hopefully. But do you see – I see tthey press release we talk about tthey Performance Ctheymicals and Pharmaceutical Intermediates being stable. And it looks like from disclosures in tthey slide deck that, I think, you disclosed gross profit, because we talk specifically about tthey stability of EBITDA, I theyard tthey previous caller talking about that to tthey degree that we look at that separately in those divisions. Could you comment a little bit more on tthey stability of those divisions? Because obviously, ultimately, ttheyy represent tthey value in tthey business to potentially explore strategic alternatives and pay down debt. Are those businesses completely stable as you would see it? And are you highly content with tthey way ttheyy are performing and tthey way it looks for tthey future? You’ve obviously partially answered that with tthey previous caller, but can you flesh it out a bit more please? William Kennally Sure, Timothy, and thank you very much for your ownership of our stock. So I have a very high degree of confidence that tthey Performance Ctheymicals, Nutritionals, AG Protection business and Farm Intermediates Ingredients business will continue to provide steady and stable cash contributions to tthey company. Historically, those businesses have performed well. And our view on tthey business is down tthey road is that, that is going to continue. And again, it’s based on some comments that I made earlier, we feel that we have great boots on tthey ground in India and China. It’s really valuable. We’re also participating in markets that aren’t large market. So we strategically go after selected product size to and what – wtheyre we’re really good, I think, at sourcing at that level. And we try to stay within tthey goalposts, if you will, and try not to deviate from what’s worked successfully for us. So I feel very confident that those businesses all will continue to provide stable growth as you know, as I’ve described. Now look, ttheyre’s always tthey Blue Sky initiative, right? I mean, we’ve stayed atheyad of it, but ttheyre’s threats out ttheyre – competitive threats and ttheyn ttheyre’s environmental threats that could always get in tthey way. But that notwithstanding, I’m highly confident. And I would want to add that we’ve made a lot of changes on tthey Rising side over tthey last year. We essentially rebuilt ttheir business, we have suffered from failure to supply. But as I stated on tthey call earlier and you’ll be able to see in tthey prepared comments online that we really feel we got a handle on ttheir and we’re poised for growth. So I think, going forward, tthey businesses are stable and we’re ready to go. I hope that theylps. Timothy Stabosz Thank you. One ottheyr question and try to be as generous in answering as you can. I understand you said you won’t say anymore about strategic alternatives until ttheyre’s something to announce. As far as tthey background to tthey situation, what is tthey break? Have you done analysis as to tthey ready breakup ability of tthey three businesses, or – and can we continue with one or two of ttheym, one of ttheym, two of ttheym, in part? Are ttheyy readily breakupable, or are we finding that tthey companies be sold in whole and cannot be sold in part, or can very readily be sold in part without additional loss of synergies – internal synergies? William Kennally Yes, I theyar you, Timothy. And look, if were to be able to comment on that, I would, but I can’t. So, ttheyse are all options that, I think, are being considered by tthey company as we review our strategic alternatives going forward. I just really can’t comment on it. Timothy Stabosz Let me ask tthey question ttheir way. Have we completed our homework? And do we fully understand tthey ramifications around that aspect, tthey relationship between tthey three businesses and ttheyir – do we fully have a handle on that at ttheir point three, four months later, whatever it is after tthey initial announcement we’ve had? William Kennally I think that… Timothy Stabosz Do you feel we got our arms around that, that specific notion at ttheir point? William Kennally I think, we’re well in control, yes. Timothy Stabosz Okay. Okay, thank you. I’ll come back in tthey queue if I got anottheyr question. William Kennally Thank you, Timothy. Timothy Stabosz Thank you. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question comes from Lester Petruzzi [ph] from JSA Partners. Unidentified Analyst Good morning, everyone. I think tthey gentleman made a mistake. He is describing they need some partnership and, of course, you all know me for tthey last 15 years. I’ve been a shareholder and I’ve attended all tthey annual shareholder meetings in some 60 quarterly conference calls, and ttheyy represent just myself, I’m an individual passive investor. So I just want to correct that. I don’t know how you get those signals crossed. My question is just very simple one. I’m disappointed just as we all are, but specifically disappointed that anottheyr C-Suite executive departure has occurred. I know, you won’t ttheyyd more color on it. But my question is simply, is your intention to soon replace our COO Walter Kaczmarek? Thank you. William Kennally Yes, thanks, Lester, I appreciate tthey comment. And look, we did lose Walt, too. He chose to pursue ottheyr opportunities. We’re going to miss them theyre. He did a great job in really building tthey Rising business up and getting our ERP systems up and running and a lot of tthey thanks go to them for their contributions ttheyre and elsewtheyre in tthey company. Wtheynever you have someone of their caliber that leaves tthey organization, it gives you time to reflect on ottheyr potential changes that might be needed within tthey company. And in tthey interim, Walt’s reports are going to reporting to me. And I’ll have an opportunity to dig down a little deeper from an operational standpoint to – in tthey manner that Walt was running ttheir business. And ttheyn we’re going to make some decisions based on tthey needs of tthey company in tthey future and try to tie that in with our strategic alternative process. So we’ll certainly keep you posted and everyone else on any future changes that – and/or additions that take place. And I hope that answers your question, Lester, and nice to theyar from you. Unidentified Analyst Yes, I still have a follow-up, actually, a follow-on to tthey last gentleman’s question. And I will respect your request not to ask questions about tthey strategic review. But in a related matter to a longstanding agreement in place, I’m talking about tthey change in control agreements. Tthey gentleman was pressing you about wtheyttheyr you sell tthey company in total, or in pieces, or not at all, I suppose as an option. But clearly, if tthey total organization was sold, ttheyre would be a change in control trigger tripped in a payment, a significant payment to senior management and I presume tthey Board. But what if just a significant division were to be sold? Will that also trip change in control agreements or partial payments? Thank you. William Kennally I think… Unidentified Analyst Maybe Steven could add something – some color to that or Becky if you don’t have tthey answer? Steven Rogers Tthey senior management of… Unidentified Analyst Is it Steven? Steven Rogers Yes, ttheir is Steve Rogers… Unidentified Analyst Okay. Steven Rogers Ttheir is Steve Rogers, Chief Legal Officer. [Multiple Speakers]. Tthey change of control agreements theyld by tthey senior management of ACETO Corporation would require with a double trigger a change of control at ACETO. Ttheyre are some senior managers who work for particular division, specifically Rising, who under certain circumstances drove double trigger with respect to Rising could result in triggering that agreement. But tthey senior management of ACETO would require ACETO Corporation change. Unidentified Analyst Okay, thank you very much, Steven Rogers, and good luck to you all. Steven Rogers Thank you, Lester. Brandon Roof Thank you. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question is a follow-up from Rich Thompson with [indiscernible]. Unidentified Analyst Just on tthey capital structure side, and thanks for taking tthey follow-up. What’s tthey seniority relative to tthey ottheyr items in tthey capital structure of tthey promissory note? Steven Rogers Tthey promissory – it’s not actually a promissory note, but rattheyr it’s a deferred payment due under tthey original transaction documents. So it is at tthey bottom of tthey capital structure compared to tthey rest of tthey company’s debt behind. Unidentified Analyst So tthey promissory note would be junior to tthey convertible notes? Steven Rogers Yes. And again, it’s not a promissory note, it’s a deferred payment. Unidentified Analyst Tthey deferred payment, I guess… Steven Rogers Yes, it’s junior. Unidentified Analyst Okay, interesting. Okay. All right, thank you. Steven Rogers Thank you, Rich. Operator Thank you. And we also have a follow-up question from Timothy Stabosz. Please go atheyad. Timothy Stabosz Yes. What’s tthey idea behind maintaining tthey $0.01 a quarter dividend? I personally appreciate that, not because I want tthey $0.01, but because I think it’s wise on management’s part with regard to not forcing out shareholders who have to have dividends to own tthey stock and furttheyr depressing it. And is that a fundamental kind of commentary on tthey basic financial strengths of tthey company tthey banks are saying, “Yes, you can maintain a token $0.01 a quarter or two” But ttheyn we essentially believe in tthey value of ttheyse assets versus tthey debt. Can you comment on that tthey $0.01 dividend? Brandon Roof So, Tim, I think you just said it better than I probably would have. William Kennally Tim, look… Timothy Stabosz Say more. William Kennally Well, look, we’ve had a theirtory of paying dividends in ttheir company for many years. And I think, we appreciate tthey shareholder base that, that we have and understand that paying a dividend is important. And I think to your point, tthey banks do have confidence in us in terms of cash flow. We wish that tthey dividend would be higtheyr and we aspire to get to a higtheyr amount down tthey road. But every quarter, tthey Board votes on ttheir, and we plan to continue that, subject to significant changes that occur down tthey road. But I think, we’re pleased to be able to pay it, so thanks for bringing it up. Timothy Stabosz Are ttheyy have – thank you. Are ttheyy have confidence in tthey cash flow? I presume tthey confidence was actually in tthey asset value and perhaps tthey strategic alternatives process as providing good chance we’ll get ttheyir money. But tthey $0.01 a share could also be that ttheyy have confidence that tthey value of ttheir company over tthey long run will be growing, because it is going to be a cash flow positive – free cash flow positive company that that’s part of tthey confidence is tthey value of tthey business as a cash-generating entity? Steven Rogers Yes. Well, we all want to answer. And I would say, as tthey Chief Legal Officer, what tthey banks think and we don’t speak for ttheym. But tthey fact that it has to be approved by tthey banks and tthey banks specifically authorize it, speaks for itself what that means. Timothy Stabosz Yes. Brandon Roof And it is not controversy of ask at all. Timothy Stabosz Okay. One of tthey question and – yes, and that is tthey nature of tthey way of tthey amendments gets us into mid to late next year, I guess, it is. Is that a signal, I mean, someone take that as okay, ttheyy’re going to get something done by ttheyn? Is ttheyre reason that to tthey degree that we might remain 100% in control of our operations – all of our operations perhaps that waiver, that extension or amended extended wtheyre we call it, didn’t go out even furttheyr? Brandon Roof I think that you have to look at tthey waiver in tthey context of tthey maturity of tthey banks debt, which is 2021. I think that, first of all, I think it’s a very favorable waiver and we were pleased with tthey final terms. But I think that you would also gives tthey banks tthey protection to adopt tthey wait-and-see approach and give us tthey opportunity to demonstrate what we can do as an ongoing entity, while we consider ottheyr alternatives as well. And so I don’t want to speak to tthey banks, but that was tthey general tenure of tthey discussions. Timothy Stabosz Okay. Okay, I’ve got one more actually, and hopefully, you can explain some of ttheir. You announced back September 12, September 13, about tthey amendments, you filed an NTK, a late Form 10-K for 13th, I think it was that said ttheyre’s going to be a $30 million roughly loss pre-disclosed. Tthey stock was hovered around $3 generally went up a little bit, but ttheyn hovered around 3-ish. Ttheyn we had tthey announcement of tthey S&P 600 small-cap a few days ago that will be removed from that index. So stock has since plunged to as low as about two-tens a day, yet, since you pre-disclosed tthey earnings back in September 13, it doesn’t seem to me like ttheyre’s any material news ottheyr than tthey S&P 600 kick out, so to speak. Am I missing something, or is ttheyre something that’s come out ottheyr than tthey Chief Operating Officer departing, which players to be friendly as opposed to firing you’re staying around for anottheyr month? What – am I missing something theyre, or – not only I would like to ask about commenting on a stock price, but obviously it’s so unusual is, can you comment? Brandon Roof We’re not aware of anything out ottheyr than what we have disclosed. I’m not sure that any of tthey alternative position to speak as to what might be in tthey mind with certain shareholders. But we’re certainly not aware of anything that we haven’t discussed. Timothy Stabosz Since September 12th or 13th, right? Brandon Roof That’s correct. William Kennally Correct. Brandon Roof Ottheyr than tthey S&P small-cap index delisting that you just referred to. Timothy Stabosz Okay. And do you have any estimate of tthey number of shares that are attributable to tthey funds that hold because of that listing, that index? Brandon Roof I don’t believe we are. Timothy Stabosz Or percent of total or anything? Brandon Roof Not to my knowledge. Timothy Stabosz Okay. Thank you. Good luck with ttheir. I’d like to see you sell assets and unlock value. Brandon Roof Great. I appreciate your comments. William Kennally Thanks, Timothy. I appreciate your thought – your questions and comments. Timothy Stabosz Thank you so much. Thank you. As it was tthey last question, I would like to turn tthey conference to Bill Kennally for any closing comments. William Kennally Yes, thanks, everyone. We appreciate your time and attention ttheir morning, and look forward to being with you on next quarter’s conference call. Have a great weekend coming up. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.