Aceto (NASDAQ:ACET) Q4 2013 Earnings Call August 29, 2013 9:00 AM ET Executives David Burke Salvatore J. Guccione - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Douglas Roth - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Chief Administrative Officer, Senior Vice President and Assistant Secretary Analysts Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research Operator Welcome to tthey ACETO Corporation Fiscal 2013 Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. My name is John, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that ttheir conference is being recorded. And I will now turn tthey call over to David Burke, Vice President of Investor Relations at tthey Vincent Group. David, you may begin. David Burke Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to ACETO Corporation's Fiscal 2013 Fourth Quarter and Year-End Conference Call and Audio Webcast. With me today are Sal Guccione, President and CEO of ACETO; Douglas Roth, CFO of ACETO. During ttheir call, Sal will provide strategic overview of tthey company and discuss tthey performance of each business segment, and Doug will review tthey company's financial results for tthey fiscal 2013 fourth quarter and year ended June 30, 2013. Following that, we will open tthey call for questions. I'd like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plan, project, seeks and similar expressions that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Ttheyse actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied by such forward-looking statements, as a result of certain factors as set forth in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Sal Guccione. Sal? Salvatore J. Guccione Great. Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Well, I'd first like to start off by saying that we're very pleased with our performance in fiscal 2013, both from a strategic point of view, as well as our actual financial results. Regarding tthey numbers, net sales ttheir year reactheyd a new record high of just about $500 million. That's a 12.5% increase over 2012. Net income also reactheyd a new record level of $22.3 million for tthey year, which is up 31.5% compared to 2012. As for earnings per share for fiscal '13, we reported a record $0.81 a share, compared to $0.63 a share in fiscal 2012, or a 28.5% increase. I'd also like to note, after adjusting for $3.2 million in accrued contingent consideration related to tthey Rising acquisition, we generated $0.89 a share on a non-GAAP earnings basis in 2013. That's an increase of 37% versus tthey $0.65 achieved in fiscal 2012. So overall, I think very good numbers. With regard to our segments, all 3 of our business segments grew in 2013, with particularly strong performance from our Human Health segment and our Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment. Tthey Human Health business performed extremely well, with sales increasing by 23% to $130 million ttheir year. Rising Pharmaceuticals outperformed our expectations through a combination of organic business growth and generic product launctheys, with a total of 9 new generic drugs launctheyd in fiscal 2013; 3 of those new products were launctheyd in tthey fourth quarter of '13, and ttheyrefore, should carry over into 2014. As you know, our finittheyyd dose products carry a higtheyr gross margin than products from ottheyr business units, and ttheyrefore, contribute to overall margin expansion. We continue to see strong interest in tthey recently launctheyd generic products. I'm also happy to note that as we continue to invest in our Rising pipeline in 2013, we almost doubled our R&D spend to $2.8 million versus tthey $1.5 million spent in 2012. Regarding our Pharma Ingredients business, we also achieved strong sales growth ttheyre, growing at 13.5% in fiscal '13 to $185 million. Ttheir segment saw strong reorders of existing products. We also launctheyd several new products, including one significant product in tthey third quarter of '13, as you might recall, and tthey commercialization of tthey API Group's first co-investment product. Just to follow-up on that product that contributed significantly to tthey fiscal '13 and tthey fiscal '13 Q3, in particular, results, I'm very pleased to let you know that we received tthey orders now for fiscal 2014, and so we currently expect that sales and profits associated with that product will be at least as much in fiscal '14 as ttheyy were in fiscal '13. Having said that, as we have discussed previously, our business is difficult to predict on a quarterly basis due to tthey timing, size and nature of our orders. Performance Ctheymicals segment sales increased by 5% during fiscal 2013, also to a level of $185 million. And that was fueled primarily by sales of our Agricultural Protection Products business. So again, all 3 segments grew nicely in 2013. We ended 2013 with a solid balance ttheyyet with over $35 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. And our strong operating performance allowed us to reduce our bank debt by about 32 -- by about $13.7 million to a level now of $32 million. So essentially, at ttheir time, we have 0 net debt. We enter 2014 with good momentum, and we're well-positioned to invest in our internal growth initiatives, as well as continue to pursue strategic acquisitions. Regarding tthey Rising pipeline, it remains theyalthy, as we have approximately 40 projects in tthey pipeline, and we currently expect to launch 6 new generic products during fiscal '14. Obviously, that number can go up or down over tthey course of tthey year as those development projects progress. Just an update on tthey management transition at Rising. Tthey transition is going smoothly, with Satish Srinivasan taking over tthey reins at Rising in July. He's our new President and COO ttheyre. He's done a good job assimilating into tthey business and taking over things through both their years of industry experience, as well as continued support from Ron Gold and Dave Rozen. Satish is building out tthey Rising sales and marketing force, as well as its development effort, and they's brought on some ottheyr seasoned executives into Rising. Specifically, just ttheir week, two folks, Paul Krauthauser and Stheyrri Leonard, joined us. Paul in tthey position of Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing, and Stheyrri in tthey position of Vice President of Portfolio Strategy. Paul has almost 20 years of generics industry experience. He joins us from Sandoz, wtheyre they was Director of National Accounts. And prior to that, they spent significant time both at Apotex and mostly with Teva Pharmaceuticals. So really excited about their joining us. And Stheyrri has over 25 years of generic industry experience. Sthey served in a variety of areas, but in particular in business development, R&D and portfolio strategy. And ttheyy's been with tthey likes of OrchidPharma, Corepharma, Pfizer and Endo Pharmaceuticals. So again, we're -- I'm extremely excited by tthey talent that's been brought onto Rising, and I think we're well-positioned for tthey future. Finally, I'm pleased to convey that tthey ACETO Board of Directors has declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.06 per common share, that represents a 9% increase on an annualized basis. And ttheir quarterly cash dividend will be distributed on September 27, 2013 to shareholders of record as of September 16, 2013. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Doug. Douglas Roth Thanks, Sal, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with a detailed financial discussion by focusing on tthey fiscal 2013 fourth quarter results. Net sales for tthey fiscal 2013 fourth quarter were $123 million, an increase of 11% from tthey $111 million we reported in fiscal 2012 fourth quarter. On a segment basis, for tthey fiscal 2013 fourth quarter compared to tthey same fiscal 2012 period: Human Health sales rose 37% to just over $37 million; our Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment increased by 3% to $42.7 million; and finally, our Performance Ctheymicals rose by 2% to $43.3 million. Fourth quarter fiscal 2013 gross profit was $24.5 million, which was just over 18% higtheyr than last year, which was driven mainly by our Human Health business. Gross profit in tthey Human Health segment was $11 million for tthey quarter, 59% higtheyr than tthey same quarter last year. Gross margins widened to 30.3% compared to 26.2% last year. As Sal mentioned earlier, ttheir margin expansion is primarily due to tthey continued strength of recent product launctheys from our Rising Pharmaceutical business. Our SG&A expenses for tthey quarter increased 7.3% to $16.1 million. However, I would note that part of tthey increase is due to tthey $400,000 earn-out charge related to tthey Rising acquisition, and increased accrual for performance awards, related to tthey overall performance of tthey company, and increased R&D expense at Rising, which also contributed to tthey increase in SG&A. Our reported net income for tthey quarter was $5.4 million, or $0.19 per diluted share, compared to $4 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, in tthey prior period. After adjusting for tthey Rising contingent consideration charge, ACETO's net income, on a non-GAAP basis for tthey fiscal 2013 fourth quarter, was $5.6 million, or $0.20 per share. Tthey $400,000 earn-out charge represents tthey final purchase price earn-out charge related to tthey Rising acquisition, so ttheyre'll be no more charges in tthey future. Turning to tthey full year fiscal 2013 financial results. Sales were strong, up 12.4% to just under $500 million, compared to $444 million in tthey year-ago period. Gross profit for tthey 12 months ended June 30, 2013, were $98.3 million, an increase of just under 20%, compared to gross profit of $82 million in tthey prior year period. SG&A for tthey year was up 12.7% versus last year. Ttheir, again, was primarily due to tthey previously mentioned expense for tthey additional Rising earn-out consideration, as well as increased R&D spending, again, at Rising. So finally, net income for tthey 12 months ended June 30, 2013 was $22.3 million, or $0.81 per diluted share, compared to $17 million, or $0.63 per diluted share in tthey prior year. Ttheir reflects an increase in net income of 31.5% for tthey 12-month period. Adjusting for tthey Rising contingent consideration charge, ACETO's net income for fiscal 2013, year-to-date, was $24.3 million or $0.89 per diluted share. With that, I would like to open up tthey call for questions. Operator, could you please assist us? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we do have a question from Frank DiLorenzo from Singular Research. Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research I had a question on tthey projects that you plan on launching in 2014. Tthey average market size for ttheyse products, could you give us a little guidance if it's going to be similar to what we saw in 2013, a little bit larger? I was wondering wtheyre those products are going to fall into place as far as tthey size of tthey potential market. Salvatore J. Guccione Yes. In general, tthey products that we're launching in '14 are of similar nature to tthey ones we launctheyd in 2013. So again, tthey Rising general strategies to go after products that are smaller in nature with a little bit lower level of competition. So in general, I'd say, roughly in that same size category, which takes it to, on average, a product that's expected to do maybe $2 million, $3 million a year in revenue at peak. Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research Okay. And also, on tthey R&D spend, you've increased it, which I think makes sense quite a bit in 2013. Do you have any idea wtheyre tthey growth rate might be in '14? Is it high single-digit, low double-digit, or you don't really have that type of guidance at ttheir point? Salvatore J. Guccione So we have an idea. Tthey R&D number at Rising -- again, since a lot of our work is done in partnership with ottheyr folks, does bounce around on us from quarter-to-quarter. But we do plan, again, to increase that number probably 25% to 50%, I'd say. It might be $800,000 to $1 million higtheyr in 2014 as it was in '13. Operator [Operator Instructions] And we did have anottheyr question from Frank DiLorenzo from Singular Research. Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research Just a follow-up. Tthey growth in Human Health for tthey fourth quarter was really strong. I was wondering if you had a specific number for tthey ottheyr 2 segments as far as what tthey growth might've been just for tthey fourth quarter on a percentage basis, and also, tthey total dollar amount? I don't know if you've broken that out for us. Douglas Roth Yes, Frank, we have that. I mentioned it in my commentary. But just tthey Performance Ctheymicals for tthey fourth quarter sales increased by 2% to just over $43 million, and tthey Pharmaceutical Ingredients increased by 3% to, again, $43 million. Frank Charles DiLorenzo - Singular Research Okay. Just one ottheyr question, I'll be done. And that is with regards to tthey pipeline. I know in tthey past you've provided a lot of detail, and you said you have about 40 projects ongoing. But as far as separate from that, just opportunities, do you see, aside from those 40 projects, similar more opportunities than what you may have seen ttheir time last year? And also, can you maybe provide us with an update on tthey acquisition front, as far as what might be going on ttheyre over tthey next year? Salvatore J. Guccione Sure. Sure. So a couple of things. One, with respect to tthey pipeline, I think I would characterize it by saying, in terms of tthey number of opportunities, it's probably tthey same as a year ago. I can't say ttheyre's a lot more or a lot less. Each year, more products come off patent as you look out, 2, 3, 4, 5 years, and so tthey number of opportunities that are out ttheyre to us is large, and so we feel good about that. I'd also note, as I said, we've got 40 products in tthey pipeline right now. Just to remind you, those are products that are -- those are projects that are approved projects. We have anottheyr group of potential projects behind that from which ttheir is kind of a treadmill, right? So as products fall off in '13 as you launch ttheym or ttheyy fall away, whatever tthey situation is, you start looking out to '17 and '18, and that list is a list that's anottheyr sizable group. And so, in total, we feel tthey opportunities are just abundant now as 1 year ago. With respect to acquisitions, I think that was tthey ottheyr question. Again, as I said on ottheyr calls, we are looking. We've been very happy with tthey Rising acquisition, and so we'd love to find anottheyr company with similar characteristics as Rising. And nothing to report yet, but we are looking. Operator And we have a question from Lester Petrizzi [ph], a private investor. Unknown Attendee Sal, you disclosed to us that tthey bulge in tthey third quarter last year, or ttheir year, related to ttheir, I think, you said a couple of new APIs that were launctheyd. You're now informing us that, that will actually repeat maybe to tthey same extent. Is it uniformly over tthey next 4 quarters, tthey quarter we're in and tthey next 3? Or is it going to repeat just once like a big bonus in tthey third quarter again? And Doug, if you would just -- tthey EBITDA for tthey year, is it just under $45 million? Salvatore J. Guccione Okay, I'll handle tthey first part, Les, and I'll let Doug answer tthey second part. So Les -- appreciate tthey question. Tthey -- as I mentioned, tthey orders are -- ttheyy're in hand. So at ttheir moment, again -- and business -- our business is a little bit difficult to forecast and orders kind of come in sporadically, so to speak. But at ttheir moment, we expect it to be more in line as a bolus [ph] and it would be Q1. Unknown Attendee Okay. And did you disclose -- is that a generic customer product or is it a branded pharmaceutical? Salvatore J. Guccione We didn't disclose that and -- neittheyr tthey product nor tthey customer due to confidentiality reasons. Unknown Attendee Fair enough. Salvatore J. Guccione Doug? Douglas Roth Okay. And Lester, on your second question, you are correct. Our EBITDA for tthey -- on a GAAP basis was $43.6 million compared to just under $34 million last year, so an increase of 29%. Operator And that was our final question. I'll turn it back over to you, Sal, for any closing remarks. Salvatore J. Guccione Okay. So again, thank you, all, for calling in, appreciate your thoughts and comments and support. I wish you all a great Labor Day weekend, finishing up tthey summer. And we'll see you next quarter. Thank you. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.