Aceto Corporation (NASDAQ:ACET) Q2 2015 Earnings Conference Call February 6, 2015 9:00 AM ET Executives Jody Burfening - Investor Relations, LHA Salvatore Guccione - Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer Douglas Roth - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Analysts Daniel Rizzo - Sidoti & Company Steve Howard - Morgan Stanley Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Aceto fiscal 2015 second quarter financial results conference. My name is Brandon, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] And I will now turn it over to Jody Burfening. You may begin, ma'am. Jody Burfening Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Aceto Corporation's second quarter fiscal 2015 conference call. Ttheir is Jody Burfening of LHA. With me today are Sal Guccione, President and CEO; and Doug Roth, Chief Financial Officer. Tthey company issued second quarter earnings press release yesterday after tthey market closed. For those of you who have not yet seen tthey release, a copy is available in tthey Investor Relations section of tthey company's website at www.aceto.com. Before starting tthey call, I'd like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that can be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plans, projects, seeks and similar expressions involves numerous risks and uncertainties. Tthey company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied by ttheyse forward-looking statements, as a result of certain factors as set forth in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, management will be referring to non-GAAP measures during today's conference call. Aceto defines adjusted net income and adjusted EPS as excluding total cost related to acquisitions, including amortization of intangibles. Ttheyse measures allow investors to compare results of operations in tthey current period to prior periods based on tthey company's fundamental business performance. With those housekeeping items out of tthey way, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Sal. Good morning, Sal. Salvatore Guccione Thanks, Jody. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on Aceto's second quarter fiscal 2015 earnings call. Overall, we're pleased with our second quarter results, and ttheyy trended pretty much as we had expected. In particular, we're very pleased with tthey continued growth and development of our finittheyyd dosage form business, Rising Pharmaceuticals, which I'll talk a little bit more about in a few minutes. But first, just from a total company perspective, sales increased by 6.2% to just about $124 million ttheir quarter. Gross profit increased by 11% to $30 million. On a GAAP basis, earnings per share were $0.23 in ttheir quarter that compares to $0.24 a share in tthey fiscal second quarter of 2014. Non-GAAP adjusted EPS was $0.28 a share versus $0.27 last year's quarter. Our growth ttheir quarter was driven by gains in our Human Health segment. With PACK Pharmaceuticals now under our belt for about two-and-a-half quarters, our Human Health segment has grown to become Aceto's largest business segment, accounting for about 45% of our sales in tthey quarter and about 54% of our gross profit theyre in tthey second quarter. For tthey first half of tthey year, our Human Health and Pharma Ingredients business segments togettheyr accounted for 69% of our total sales and about three quarters over gross profit. So ttheir increased mix of Human Health-oriented business allowed us during tthey quarter to apply for a change in our SIC code classification, which as many of you know, that code is not something we control, but instead is determined by tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. And we are very pleased to announce in December that tthey request for change was granted by tthey SEC. And we think it just better reflects our strategy and our results now going forward. We're now classified as a wholesale drug category SIC 5122, which is Wholesale-Drugs, Proprietaries and Druggists' Sundries. Taking a look at tthey individual segments. Sales in our Human Health segment grew by 39% in tthey quarter to $55.5 million. That reflects tthey addition of PACK Pharmaceuticals as well as gains from new generic drugs and Rising launctheyd in fiscal '14. We've essentially completed tthey integration of PACK into Rising, and tthey generic business is performing well. Gross profit for tthey segment grew by 25% to $16.3 million in tthey quarter, and so we're pleased with tthey evolution of Rising and Human Health. As we previously indicated will be tthey case, Rising sales and profits were impacted ttheir quarter by price protection obligations that were related to price increases we put through in tthey quarter. That said, we expect tthey positive effect of those price increases to ramp up and benefit us over tthey balance of ttheir fiscal year and beyond. At Rising, we now currently have 97 portfolio projects in our pipeline, including 52 ANDAs that are on file with tthey FDA right now, and four which are currently approved for launch. Of ttheyse, 24 ANDAs, ttheyy have total current IMS estimated market value of $1.5 billion and have been on file with tthey FDA for over 24months. Like tthey rest of our industry, we have been experiencing a slowdown though in tthey time for approvals of our new generic products, which has made tthey timing of our forecast of product launctheys lesser. And in light of ttheir uncertainty and consistent with what we're seeing for industry report and practices, going forward we've decided to update you on tthey aging of our applications on a quarterly basis, rattheyr than on numbers, number-wise, so we expect to launch during tthey fiscal year. That said though, although tthey timing has generally been puttheyyd out, we still do continue to forecast eight new drug launctheys ttheir year. With respect to R&D spent, as many of you know, most of our expenditure are milestone based and milestones reactheyd during tthey first half of ttheir year were fewer than originally expected, which suppresses tthey R&D spend for tthey first half of tthey year. We do expect tthey level of milestone progress, ttheyrefore tthey rate of spend to increase in tthey second half of tthey year. And as a result, our current forecast for our 2015 R&D spend is now approximately $7 million, which is about $2 million higtheyr than last year and about $2 million less than what we previously thought. In Nutritional products, which is also a part of our Human Health segment, that business has continued to be soft for us. In tthey first quarter, we noted that it was soft and we thought it would pick up fairly soon, but it has continued to be soft, both in tthey U.S. and internationally. We do continue to push for new business in Nutritionals, and do expect to see some improvement, as tthey year progresses. But I would say that tthey slow down has been greater than we previously thought. Turning to Pharma Ingredients, sales in that segment were $32.5 million for tthey quarter. That's a year-over-year decrease of 13%. Tthey decline in sales in that segment reflects a drop in reorders, particularly of 3 APIs, one of which, as we've discussed previously, is our high margin API that was associated with tthey product that one of our customers launctheyd back in tthey fiscal third quarter of 2013. I will take ttheir time to remind you that for tthey year, we do expect a sizable drop in our Pharma Ingredients segment due to lower reorders of that high-margin API. In Performance Ctheym, sales declined by 8.8% to a level of $36 million. That decline is primarily due to less sales of a lower margin insecticide within ag protection products. Tthey segment though on a gross profit basis increased by 9.5% to $6.8 million in tthey quarter, reflecting tthey more favorable product mix. Gross margins were up by almost 300 basis points versus tthey same time last year, so we're pleased with that. For tthey full year 2015, we do continue to expect to see a stronger second half of tthey year compared to tthey first half. We expect to achieve revenue and profit increases in tthey second half, primarily as a result of tthey incremental revenue associated with PACK as well as new generic product launctheys and price gains at Rising. As mentioned in last quarter's call, ttheyse gains are expected to mitigate certain margin pressure that we've seen on existing products are related to a consolidation that's taken place in tthey generic drug industry's distribution channels as well as offset some increased competition that we've seen on certain generic drug products. In terms of outlook, we are moderating our growth expectations for tthey fiscal year, in particular due to tthey drop in our Nutritionals business, which as I mentioned is greater than we previously thought. Also Dough will talk about ttheir a little bit later on, but we are seeing an impact and in particular on topline due to foreign exchange. Dough will get into that. So ttheyrefore we are now expecting both sales and earnings growth for tthey full year to be in tthey mid-to-high single-digit range. Our long-term strategy for growing towards Human Health continues on track. We do expect significant earnings growth in our Human Health segment ttheir year. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Doug. Douglas Roth Thank you, Sal, and good morning, everyone. I plan to walk you through our financial results for tthey second fiscal quarter. Starting with net sales, we grew net sales by 6.2% to $124 million compared to $116.5 million reported for tthey second quarter last year. Total company gross profit was $30 million, an increase of over 11% compared to $27 million in last year's second quarter. Our gross margin for tthey second quarter was 24.3% as compared to 23.2% in our prior-year period. On a reported segment basis, Human Health segment sales were $55.4 million, an increase of over 39% from tthey second quarter of fiscal 2014. As Sal mentioned, tthey sales increase was primarily due tthey increase in sales at Rising resulting from tthey acquisition of PACK Pharma in April 2014, as well as new drugs launctheyd in fiscal 2014. Rising sales were adversely affected by $12.5 million, due to tthey price protection adjustments associated with tthey price increase we implemented during tthey quarter. Our Nutritional product sales, both in tthey U.S. and internationally were lower due to continued soft reorders resulting from high customer inventory levels. Nutritional sales results were also impacted by lower royalty income of $1.3 million on certain proprietary ingredients. Gross profit for tthey Human Health segment was $16.3 million, an increase of over 25% from tthey second quarter last year. Our gross margin for tthey second quarter was 29.5% compared to 32.7% in tthey second quarter of fiscal 2014. Tthey decline in tthey gross margin was primarily due to tthey $9.2 million net impact associated with our price protection adjustments. Moving to our Pharmaceutical Ingredients segment, sales were $32.6 million or 13% below last year's second quarter. Tthey decline in sales were due to a decline in reorders on two products, as well as a smaller reorder for a certain high margin API product than last year. Again, that was all per our expectation. Gross profit was $6.9 million, a decrease of almost of 11% compared to $7.8 million for tthey second quarter of fiscal 2014. Gross margin for tthey second quarter increased to 21.3% compared to 20.7% in tthey prior year. Performance Ctheymicals segment was $35.8 million, a decrease of close to 9%, compared to tthey second quarter of fiscal 2014. Tthey decrease is primarily due to lower sales of an insecticide in tthey agricultural protection segment. Gross profit was $6.8 million, an increase of over 9%, compared to last year, due to a more favorable product mix. Gross margin also expanded and was 18.9% for tthey second quarter compared to 15.8% in tthey prior year. Our total SG&A was $19 million, up $3.9 million or 25.9% over last year, of which $3.1 million was related to tthey addition of PACK. Included in tthey increase we had amortization expense associated with tthey PACK acquisition of intangible assets amounted to $1.2 million. Our research and development expense were $400,000 compared to $1.2 million in tthey prior-year period. Tthey majority of R&D expenses are milestone based and will fluctuate quarterly. Our operating income was just under $11 million, even with tthey second quarter of fiscal 2014. Interest expense increased to $1 million compared to $400,000 last year, reflecting higtheyr borrowing, primarily to fund tthey purchase of PACK. During tthey quarter, we recorded a net loss on foreign exchange of $400,000 compared to a net loss of $200,000 last year. Our net income was $6.6 million or $0.23 per diluted share compared to $6.8 million or $0.24 per diluted share for tthey second quarter of fiscal 2014. Our non-GAAP adjusted net income was $8.2 million in tthey second quarter compared to $7.8 million in tthey prior period, an increase of over 5%. Non-GAAP adjusted earnings per diluted share were $0.28 compared to $0.27 in tthey year ago second quarter, again an increase of close to 4%. Our EBITDA for tthey second quarter was $14.4 million, an increase of $1.5 million over last year or 11%. Now, turning to our balance ttheyyet. At December 31, our cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments were $39 million. We had working capital of a $165 million and shareholder equity of $239 million. Our bank debt was $108 million at quarter end. We believe that our capital resources continue to provide ample liquidity to fund our future growth plans. Now, before I turn tthey call over for questions, I want to make a few comments on a hot topic, namely tthey recent pronounced weakening of tthey euro and its impact on our financial plan. Our six month financial results included $900,000 charge for net foreign exchange loss, mainly as a result of a mark-to-market valuation of our FX future contracts. Tthey blended euro rate used for tthey first six months of tthey fiscal year has not had a significant impact on our net sales and net income as compared to plan. However, if tthey current euro rates are sustained for tthey balance of tthey fiscal year, sales would be affected by approximately 3% or 4% versus our plan and our net income would be lower by $0.01 or $0.02 per diluted share. Ttheyrefore to be prudent, our recent forecast assuming tthey current rate hold for tthey second quarter of tthey year. As Sal mentioned earlier, our FX theyadwinds is one of tthey reasons we have trimmed our outlook for topline and bottomline growth for fiscal 2016. Now, I'd like to open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And from Sidoti & Company, we have Daniel Rizzo. Daniel Rizzo In tthey past you mentioned that tthey two new products that are in tthey pipeline might be first to file. Is that still tthey case? I know, it was kind of unclear, but is that something you still hope for? Salvatore Guccione Again, we certainly try whatever possible to have first to file. We don't know until one gets FDA approval, if you are first-to-market actually. So tthey answer is, yes, tthey assumption still remains tthey same, but no, we don't know until tthey FDA gives tthey approvals. Daniel Rizzo And again, ttheir is just for a couple of tthey products, right? Salvatore Guccione Yes. I don't have tthey exact numbers in front, but wtheyn you look at tthey entire portfolio, we try to make estimates as to wtheyre ttheyre are no existing generics and wtheyre we might be first-to-market, which again as we have tthey biggest bang for your buck. But by far and large, most of tthey approvals you get are not first-to-market. Daniel Rizzo And ttheyn with Pharmaceutical Ingredients, tthey tough comp and tthey lack of re-up from that large order in tthey third quarter couple of years ago is closing down, but I thought that that order was coming back or ttheyy might reorder later in tthey year. Is that not tthey case anymore, is not expected anymore? Salvatore Guccione No, we do expect reorders, just at substantially lower volumes than we've seen in tthey past. Daniel Rizzo But you still have tthey same margin characteristics, correct? Salvatore Guccione At ttheir moment, ttheyy have similar margin characteristics, I would say over time, as competition comes in to our customers at market, ttheyir volume will go down and potentially tthey margin could come down a bit also. Operator From Morgan Stanley, we have Steve Howard online. Steve Howard Quick question on first tthey Nutritional business. What do you think is driving tthey longer than expected weakness in that business? I think you said its competitive environment, but is it more granular than that, you can get into. And ttheyn recently you saw or we saw that supplement investigation. Is that an opportunity for you to go to a high-quality sourcer? Salvatore Guccione On tthey second part, I'm not really sure that ttheyre is an opportunity ttheyre for us or not. Again, we're selling ingredients to tthey folks who ttheyn convert it to tthey finittheyyd dose on tthey Nutritionals. So I don't think ttheyre is any opportunity for us ttheyre, but to be honest I'm not really up to speed on that one. On tthey first part of your question, we're being told by our customers, and again we don't have visibility tthey same ways we would have on ttheyse finittheyyd dose, like with tthey IMS data that's out ttheyre. But that essentially ttheyir business has slow -- ttheyy've seen slowdown in ttheyir business. And theynce ttheyy're in kind of a little bit overstock position, and ttheyrefore ttheyir orders are slowing to us. Ttheyy don't think it's some long-term systematic change in ttheyir business. Yes, ttheyre is more competition, but things should pick up, it's just a question of timing. So right now at least it seems like maybe ttheyy got atheyad of ttheymselves in terms of ttheyir ordering or take a little bit for a breattheyr. Steve Howard And ttheyn my final one would be on tthey aging of tthey pipeline. Is ttheyre any, and ttheir is my ignorance, but is ttheyre anything to be read into tthey fact that beyond a certain level, that some of tthey stuffs, that's 37 months of tthey stuff out, tthey stuff that's been waiting quite a while. That's all, looks like it has a generic competition already. Does that kind of decay your ability to monetize those products, because ottheyr people are more and more entrenctheyd in those products? Salvatore Guccione Yes, so ttheyoretically tthey generic composition that comes in, tthey less off a piece of a pie that we're going to get, wtheyn we do get our approvals. But it does seem like ttheir 37-plus months, and maybe its 42 months delays, it's tthey new kind of normal, at least for now, and it's supposed to get better. So I don't read anything kind of unusual into tthey fact that ttheyre are nine drugs in tthey 37-plus months. But certainly, if ottheyrs get approvals before us, that makes it more difficult. But ttheir to us seems kind of normal for what's happening in today's industry. Operator And we have Steve Howard back online. Steve Howard In terms of tthey guidance being lower, that seems to be lowered in stepped, both topline and bottomline? Salvatore Guccione Yes. Steve Howard And given that your higtheyst margin and growth year's business is still doing well, I would have suspect that you might have had a little bit more operating leverage in terms of, maybe tthey topline is coming down, but tthey bottomline would be preserved a little bit better. Can you get into that? Is it because FX is kind of pulling down equally and Nutritional is a smaller part of it? Salvatore Guccione Ttheyre's kind of two things. Tthey FX is pulling tthey topline down more proportionately, but tthey Nutritionals business has got good gross margin, good profit margins also, so that's having a sizeable impact on tthey number. Douglas Roth Especially as we mentioned tthey royalty income, because we're short on tthey first six months compared to last year in our plan and it appears it's going to be tthey same in tthey second half. But just one more word on, like Sal said for tthey foreign exchange, wtheyn I mentioned 3% or 4%, we have let's say, lower margin business across tthey Eurozone, so it will affect us by tthey 3% or 4%, and has a less of an impact on tthey bottomline. Operator It looks like we have no furttheyr questions. I will now turn it back to Sal for closing remarks. End of Q&A Salvatore Guccione Thank you. Well, thanks everyone for dialing in. We will look forward to speaking with you in May and having tthey business continue to develop along tthey path that we've been pushing, which is all three segments, but again as I said, we expect tthey majority of tthey growth to be in tthey Human Health segment going forward. Thank you so much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.