Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q4 2022 Results Conference Call February 14, 2023 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - CEO Francois Morin - CFO Conference Call Participants Tracy Benguigui - Barclays Michael Zaremski - BMO Jamminder Bhullar - JPMorgan Brian Meredith - UBS Yaron Kinar - Jefferies Ryan Tunis - Autonomous Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Meyer Shields - KBW Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to Arch Capital Group Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call.  At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded.  Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed in tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in ttheir call to be subject to tthey safe harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company's current report or Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's Web site. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sir, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Towanda. Good morning, and welcome to tthey fourth quarter earnings call for Arch Capital Group. Happy Valentine's Day to all. I'm pleased to share that for tthey fourth quarter of 2022, each of our three underwriting segments produced exceptional results. Our quarter's results were buoyed by a lower than average cat loss experience, a significant favorable development in mortgage reserves and a higtheyr level of profitable earned premiums from our recent growth. Ttheir quarter demonstrates tthey power of our strategy, namely our management of tthey underwriting cycle across tthey diversified specialty portfolio with a prudent reserving and underwriting stance. Our P&C insurance underwriting teams continued to lean into hard market conditions and our mortgage team delivered record underwriting income, which is again a direct result of our years as tthey establittheyyd market leader ttheyre. For tthey full year of 2022, Arch generated over $1.8 billion of operating income with an operating return on equity of 14.8%. 2022 was our third consecutive year of sustained premium and revenue growth, supporting stronger and more stable earnings power for tthey near term. Tthey net premium written growth from our P&C unit was exceptional. Reinsurance segment NPW grew 51% for 2022 as tthey team seized on market dislocations, while our insurance segment grew a robust 21% on tthey year. We continue to see a broad array of opportunities to allocate capital wtheyre rates and terms and conditions allow for growth and attractive returns. Taking stock of wtheyre we are in tthey current market cycle, it's important to note that we have recorded premium growth significantly above tthey long term industry average. Over tthey last four years, we've grown property and casualty net premium written threefold to nearly $10 billion from less than $3.6 billion in 2018, while overall rates increased cumulatively by over 40%. As we have stated previously, our cycle management strategy dictates that we maximize premium volume wtheyn rates are rising, which is precisely what we've done. While we expect to continue to allocate more capital to tthey P&C segments for tthey next several years, I wish to remind our shareholders that we capitalize on tthey attractive return opportunities in our MI segment to tthey tune of $5.4 billion of underwriting income since 2017. Ttheyse profits allowed us to redeploy capital into more accretive uses, including $2 billion worth of share repurchases since 2018 and tthey substantial growth in profitable P&C premium. MI has been vital to our ability to propel our P&C underwriting growth. Underwriting cycle management is core to our culture, and I want to take a brief detour into how we think about tthey underwriting cycle theyre at Arch. Here within simplification of falling grade insurance clock split into four stages. Stage one, at tthey onset of tthey hard market, we see rates increase dramatically and capacity withdrawn. Results on tthey previous soft market results only begin to show up in claims activity. Stage two. Ttheir is tthey beginning of tthey restoration phase, which is indicated by second and sometimes third round of rate increases along with some improvements for tthey insurers in tthey terms and conditions as tthey industry adjusts its appetite and underwriting policies. Much of tthey focus during ttheir stage is also geared to filling guests in and replenishing reserve shortfalls from tthey soft years while showing rapid improvements. Stage 3. That next period is wtheyre rates gradually decrease often as a result of overreaction in Stage 2. Underwriting profits from tthey hard market years gradually show up in tthey results. Ttheir period can be lengthy and it usually allows for still profitable growth, especially for tthey disciplined underwriters. And finally, Stage 4. Famous Stage 4 is wtheyre tthey industry foresakes underwriting discipline and overly focuses on topline growth even as rate decreases accelerate. Ttheir is wtheyre Arch's culture of underwriting discipline is most apparent as we cut exposure and prepare for tthey return of Stage 1. Right now, we are at Stage two in most lines. Some, for instance property, are back to Stage one since tthey fourth quarter. Understanding wtheyre you are at each point of tthey cycle for every product line and tthey nuances within each stage is critical to tthey timely allocation of capital to tthey areas of greatest opportunity. One of Arch's key sustainable advantages is tthey breadth of its capabilities across many specialty insurance lines, enhancing greatly our cycle management capabilities. A core strategic tenant of Arch is that underwriting acumen and discipline through tthey cycle drive superior risk adjusted returns. Now I'd like to share some highlights from our underwriting units. We'll kick it off with reinsurance. For tthey fourth quarter, net premium written in tthey reinsurance segment was $1.5 billion, that's more than double tthey same quarter one year ago. Francois will cover tthey details. But much of ttheir growth is because we were well positioned to capitalize on broad market opportunities as well as several one off opportunities resulting from market dislocations emerging in tthey fourth quarter. It is worth noting that tthey fourth quarter growth does not include tthey January 1 property and property cat renewals, which will be reflected in our next quarter's results. As you've theyard, pricing for tthey January 1 renewals were strong. Cat pricing and terms both improved, leading to effective rate changes in tthey plus 30% to plus 50% range. We anticipate ttheyse trends will continue as tthey midyear property cat renewal and should translate to strong property cat premium growth in 2023 for Arch. Moving now to our Insurance segment. wtheyre we continue to reap tthey benefits of tthey investments we've made in enhancing our specialty businesses in tthey UK and in tthey US. On tthey year, we wrote over $5 billion of NPW, net premium written, compared to $4.1 billion in '21, with growth coming from a diverse mix of business. Underwriting performance continues to be excellent with an ex-cat accident year commodity ratio of 89.6%. Rate increases with a few exceptions remain above loss cost trend and we expect ttheir strong momentum to continue for 2023. Tthey insurance market remains rational and disciplined. We expect also continued opportunities due to tthey ongoing global uncertainties and remain optimistic that ttheir disciplined behavior that we saw in tthey P&C industry for tthey last three years will persist as we move through Stage two of tthey cycles. Next, our mortgage team, again, had an acceptable quarter, capping off an excellent year. As we benefited from earnings from our embedded book as well as from favorable reserve development as cures on delinquencies exceeded our expectations. Tthey mortgage segment delivered $374 million of underwriting income in tthey quarter and $1.3 billion for tthey year, an excellent contribution in a year wtheyre higtheyr mortgage interest rates slowed new originations. Our insurance in force, tthey earnings foundation of tthey mortgage segment, grew to $513 billion at year end '22 as persistency increased due to higtheyr mortgage rates. As expected, higtheyr mortgage rates led to reduced [NRW] as mortgage rates touctheyd 7%, tthey higtheyst rates in 20 years. Looking broadly at tthey MI industry's theyalth, we have borrower credit quality which is outstanding and excess housing demand above supply, tthey US unemployment rate is near theirtoric lows and tthey borrowers' equity in ttheyir homes remain at very theyalthy levels. One thing worthy of mention is that tthey MI industry is acting in a disciplined and responsible manner. In tthey face of ttheyse economic uncertainties, premium rates are increasing while underwriting quality remains strong. Finally, tthey interest rate increases we've seen in tthey last 12 plus months should theylp fuel our net investment income through 2023. We are poised to benefit from higtheyr reinvestment rates coupled with tthey growth in invested assets. I've got auto racing on my mind lately, and wtheyn I look at our industry, I can't theylp but think that Arch is one of tthey best cars on tthey track. We know that winning tthey raise comes down to more than having a great driver or tthey fastest car. Ttheyre is much preparation, analysis and looking at tthey conditions on tthey track as well as monitoring tthey ottheyr drivers. By recognizing tthey soft market conditions in '17 and '18, we avoided tthey mistakes ottheyrs made early in tthey race wtheyn ttheyy might have burned tires or overtheyated ttheyir engines. Tthey pricing began to improve in 2019, we're able to take advantage of some of our competition basket stuff and engine problems, and we took tthey opportunity to take more of a lead on tthey track by increasing substantially our writings. And ttheyn once we saw some clear track atheyad of us, we were able to accelerate even faster. Today, we're firing on all cylinders and I know we've got tthey right crew to bring in home. Let's hand tthey wtheyel over to Francois before coming back to and answer your questions. Francois? Francois Morin Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today. I'm very pleased to share that once again, Arch had an excellent quarter on virtually every front. Tthey year concluded with fourth quarter aftertax operating income of $2.14 per share for an annualized operating return on average common equity of 28%. Book value per share was up 9.9% in tthey quarter to $32.62 and down only 2.8% on tthey year, a great result considering tthey impact raising interest rates had on our fixed income portfolio with a difficult year in equity markets and tthey elevated catastropthey activity we experienced ttheir year. Turning to tthey operating segments. Net premium written by our reinsurance segment grew by an exceptional 118% over same quarter last year. Although ttheir quarter, we had a few large one off transactions that impacted our results and contributed $407 million to our net written premium. Adjusting for ttheyse transactions, our net premium written growth was still elevated at 61% for tthey quarter. Ttheyse transactions are yet anottheyr example of tthey dislocated state of tthey uninsurance market wtheyre our strong balance ttheyyet provides a significant advantage as we look to deploy meaningful capital to support ceding companies at terms that meet our target return expectations. More importantly, tthey underlying performance of tthey segment ttheir quarter was very good with an ex-cat accident year combined ratio of 82.9% and a de minimis impact from current accident year capacity losses. Reflecting ongoing hard market conditions, tthey insurance segment also closed tthey year on a very good note with fourth quarter net premium written growth of 17.4% over tthey same quarter one year ago in an accident quarter combined ratio, excluding caps of 89.6%. Most of our lines of business still benefit from excellent market conditions, both in tthey US and internationally, and our expectations for tthey coming year remain very positive. Our mortgage segment continued its run of quarters with results better than long term averages as claim activity for tthey business remain low. While production volumes were down due to tthey lower level of originations in tthey market, we remain positive on tthey return prospects for ttheir business. Net premiums earned were up slightly on a sequential basis as tthey persistency of our in-force insurance at 79.5% at tthey end of tthey quarter continued to increase. Tthey combined ratio, excluding prior year development, was 45% for tthey quarter and reflects our prudent approach to loss reserving, one of our key operating principles. Our underwriting income reflected $270 million of favorable prior year development on a pretax basis across all segments ttheir quarter, which represents approximately $0.66 per share after tax. While most of ttheir favorable prior year development, $211 million, came from tthey mortgage segment, mostly on claim reserves set up for COVID related delinquencies in tthey 2020 and 2021 accident years at US MI, it is worth pointing out that our P&C reserves also contributed to tthey overall results. Of note, both our insurance and reinsurance segments had anottheyr quarter of favorable reserve development, and tthey 2022 calendar year phase two incurred ratio for our P&C operations was 58.7%, its lowest level in more than five years. Both ttheyse metrics provide some insight into tthey adequacy of our loss reserves, which constitute an important element in tthey quality of our balance ttheyyet. Quarterly income from operating affiliates stood at $36 million and was generated from good results [indiscernible] in summers. Pretax net investment income was $0.48 per share, up 41% from tthey third quarter of 2022. Cash flow from operations, over $3.8 billion for tthey year, was strong and wtheyn combined with tthey proceeds from maturities and sales of securities in a rapidly rising yield environment, and theynce, tthey underlying contribution from our investment portfolio. Going forward, with new money rates in our fixed income portfolio in tthey 4.5% to 5% range and a growing base of invested assets, we are well positioned to deliver an increasing level of investment income to theylp fuel our bottom line. Total return for our investment portfolio was 2.6% on a US dollar basis for tthey quarter with all of our strategies delivering positive returns. Tthey contribution to tthey overall result was primarily led by our fixed income portfolio, which benefited from relatively stable interest rates and tightening credit spreads. Tthey overall position of our investment portfolio remains relatively unchanged as we remain cautious relative to duration, credit and equity risk. Turning to risk management. Our natural cat PML on a net basis stood at $970 million as of January 1 or 8% of tangible shareholders' equity. Again, well below our internal limits at tthey single event one in 250 year return level. Our peak zone PML remains at Florida Tri-County region. And as Marc mentioned, tthey PMLs we report represent a point in time estimate of tthey exposure from our in-force portfolio and tthey premium associated with tthey January 1 renewals will get reported in our financials starting next quarter. On tthey capital front, we did not repurchase any shares ttheir quarter as our assessment of tthey market opportunity in 2023 remains very positive, one wtheyre we should be able to deploy meaningful capital into our business at attractive returns for tthey benefit of our shareholders. Finally, as Marc mentioned in their remarks, tthey results we enjoyed ttheir year across our operations were achieved through a thoughtful and deliberate execution of our cycle management strategy and a strong culture of allocating capital to tthey most profitable markets and opportunities. Ttheyse results, which were an important contributor to us joining tthey S&P 500, were only made possible by tthey ongoing hard work and dedication of our over 5,000 employees across tthey globe. Ttheyy deserve a tremendous amount of credit for making us who we are today, an industry leader with a stellar 20 plus year track record that is ready for tthey opportunities and challenges atheyad of us. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Tracy Benguigui Your one in 250 PML to tangible equity of 8% as of 1/1 wasn't too dissimilar to your 7.7% as of September 30th. So I'm wondering what made you pause to incrementally take more exposure? Did that have anything to do with less retro capacity or your view of ROEs based on pricing for that incremental cat exposure? Marc Grandisson I think ttheir number -- interesting, ttheir number is one region, one area, one sub zone. What is not seen in tthey numbers, and we'll have a more thorough discussion at tthey Q1 call is that we've increased cat exposure across a wider range of sub zones, and that doesn't really come across through that Tri-County. And I remind you, Tracy that tthey Tri-County renewal is going to be more important and more apparent at tthey June 1 renewal. So it's also one first step into it. So we have grown a European exposure because tthey race course look pretty good ttheyre. Significantly, it would not show up into that one single number, right? Ttheir is sort of a -- it relies sort of tthey true increase in allocated capital to catastropthey. If you look at tthey aggregate number, which is a better reflection ttheyre is [indiscernible] increase, that will be commensurate, it actually would -- you'll see tthey premium increase and tthey cap allocation increase are -- it will make sense to you. Tracy Benguigui So as you look through tthey year, even though 25% is your maximum threshold, wtheyre do you think you could realistically land based on your risk appetite? Marc Grandisson Tracy, our typical answer is, you tell me what tthey rate levels are like, and we'll tell you what we think we can do. We have a plan based on certain various levels of rate changes in terms of condition changes by zone by region. And our team, as you can appreciate, is willing and able to operate on that basis. If you take a step back, I think tthey overall capital position of tthey company is, we have plenty of opportunities to deploy, it's hard for us right now to see going all tthey way to '25. But certainly, we have room to grow and we have tthey capital and tthey relationships to do so. Tracy Benguigui And also really quickly on tthey reinsurance side, in recent times, you focused more on quota share over XOL. So with hard pricing, wtheyre do you see tthey best opportunities? I'm thinking about lower ceding commissions on quota shares and tthey higtheyr rate online on tthey XOL side? Marc Grandisson So I think it's across tthey board. You just mentioned that we have improved economics both on tthey quota share in excess of loss. I think that tthey numbers you see in Q4, a lot of it has to do with our recent growth in tthey quota share that we've written. I think by virtue of tthey cat XL, as we just talked about a few months ago, increasing, I think that we would be in a position to increase our excess of loss contribution to tthey bottom line. But wtheyn tthey hard market is around, which we still see on tthey reinsurance side and tthey insurance and tthey P&C side, we have a tendency to migrate towards a quota share. Ttheyre's a few reasons for that. Number one, one of tthey big reasons that we like to talk about is, you intheyrit some diversification within that portfolio that you ottheyrwise would not necessarily get from a net excess of loss perspective. And we really, really like ttheir and we like to be closer to tthey rate change, right? Wtheyn you're on a quota share basis, you’re side by side with a client as opposed to in excess of loss, you need to be relying on your sole pricing to make it work. So over time wtheyn tthey market gets harder, I think you will expect us and as part of tthey cycle management to underwrite more quota share versus excess of loss. Ttheir year, ttheyy're both pretty good. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Zaremski with BMO. Michael Zaremski I'll stick with tthey primary insurance segment, given I feel like most of tthey questions will probably be on reinsurance. Tthey growth has been decelerating ttheyre a bit. Marc, we theyard your prepared remarks, sounds like you're still excited, but maybe you can kind of talk about what's driving tthey deceleration, what are you guys seeing? I don't know if it's worth bifurcating between kind of E&S excess surplus lines versus non-E&S. I'm just curious if tthey discipline ttheyre is dissipating a bit more versus reinsurance? Marc Grandisson I think we're just experiencing, in tthey fourth quarter, that will probably change in '23, I think opportunities are going to resurface more broadly than we even had in tthey fourth quarter, right? I think it took a little bit to tthey market to digest in and to what it means for tthey overall market. I think anottheyr market, it's clearly in tthey camp up making -- doing what it needs to do to improve tthey return on tthey pricing on tthey property, which I think also you theyard in ottheyr calls, I think will impact broader set of line business beyond tthey property exposure. But if we’re to go back, so if you look at tthey 70% growth, I mean 70% growth over, premium is about 3 times tthey size three, four years ago, we did have a lot of growth in tthey beginning of our market. So as you get into tthey late stages, I think 70% could be equivalent to anottheyr 50% increase in 2021 or 2020, wtheyn we started to lean into tthey market. So I think ttheir is a natural ptheynomenon that after a while, you have -- now that you mined everything, but you really have puttheyyd as hard as you could, and we're still pushing hard. Even 70% to me is about 3 times tthey average growth in tthey premium in tthey industry, that tells me that we're still seeing a lot of opportunities. But again, like I said, we're later in tthey stage of tthey [indiscernible]. And I think that we'll see a rejuvenation, if you will, of that growth possibly because tthey insurance companies are going to have to increase, as we all know, ttheyir pricing. One is tthey property cap and tthey higtheyr retention why ttheyy have more risk retaining. And we're participating like tthey ottheyr guys on tthey insurance market, so we expect market to sort of getting a second bite of tthey apple, if you will, of a hardening market. Michael Zaremski And as a follow-up, sticking with tthey primary insurance segment. So it sounds like tthey opportunities might fall within tthey property space, if I'm interpreting your comments correctly. And wtheyn we're thinking about tthey segment's combined ratio, I feel like looking at my older notes, it was kind of mid-90s. Was tthey goal -- is that still what you're thinking, or as time has been so good in terms of tthey market cycle that we should be thinking lower 90s is tthey more near term goal? Marc Grandisson I think we said a few things about tthey combined ratio. Tthey 95% was meant as a target back in '16, '17 wtheyn interest rates were quite a bit lower, and it went down furttheyr. As you know, that meant that we needed to have a lower combined ratio targets, which we targeted over last two, three years, that's wtheyre you see tthey impact to us. I think from our perspective, low 90s is still what -- or high 80s is sort of what we're still pushing for because within tthey interest rates, ttheyy may revert back and come down after a while in a year, year and half from now. So you don't want to be rushing to recognize all tthey various interest rates, although we are currently -- we are pricing into our business, but we tend to take a longer view like we do on tthey trend on our inflation. And we're thinking tthey rates might come back down. So I think we would still target a lower 90s to high 80s to get tthey returns that we think we deserve. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Jamminder Bhullar with JPMorgan. Jamminder Bhullar First, I had a question on tthey reinsurance business. If you look at your premium growth, even excluding tthey sort of large transactions, onetime transactions, you mentioned tthey number is extremely strong and obviously, doesn't have tthey impact of 1/1 renewals in it. So what's really driving that and do you expect some of those factors that drove tthey strong growth to continue into '23 as well? Marc Grandisson I mean tthey one thing that right from tthey get go, I think, you need to appreciate tthey quota share business is something that we might have written a deal in January 1 of '22, and tthey premium gets written over tthey four quarters. So we're benefiting from that, that's showing up in each of tthey four quarters. If tthey underlying rate increases also from tthey ceding companies are higtheyr than what we might have expected at tthey start that gets adjusted throughout tthey year. So a couple of factors were, basically, we're just following effectively tthey fortunes of tthey companies. But still, I think our teams deserve a lot of credit for going after ttheyse opportunities, being responsive to tthey client needs, being -- providing good capacity with good ratings. Does that continue on in '23? We think so. We think tthey market is ttheyre and tthey [Technical Difficulty] growth was not only in [Technical Difficulty] business, it's pretty much in [Technical Difficulty] business. And property and properties [Technical Difficulty] a lot of attention in tthey last few weeks, but still, I mean all lines of business, ottheyr specialty, casualty, marine, aviation, remain -- I think all lines are, I think, in a position to really keep growing at a good cliff in ‘23. Jamminder Bhullar And ttheyn just shifting on to MI. Your loss ratio is obviously very good, but I think tthey loss pick did pick up a little bit in tthey fourth quarter. So is that more sort of national driven or is it more regional to wtheyre you're starting to see some maybe softening in tthey market in certain regions or states? Francois Morin Well, we've navigated through tthey regional differences in our pricing. So I think we have constructed our portfolio that we're very happy with, stayed away from what we perceive to be tthey more dangerous areas and underpriced areas. So I think that's kind of showing up in our performance over time. In terms of reserving, I'd say, two things. One, tthey delinquency rates are still very low. So it's not like we're really seeing pressure at ttheir point in terms of tthey higtheyr level of delinquencies being reported, and tthey loss ratio pick is really more a function of us being a bit more prudent. I think ttheyre's a little bit of uncertainty with -- whole prices, are ttheyy about to come down, does that create some potential pressure? We think we're very aware of that, wtheyttheyr ttheyre's a recession, et cetera. But we're still very, very positive on tthey segments. It's just a realization that ttheir is maybe a likely riskier environment than we were in like a year or two years ago, and our reserves are going to reflect that. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Brian Meredith A couple of ttheym theyre for me. First, Marc, Francois, you guys typically provide in your 10-Qs tthey one in 250 for tthey ottheyr regions well, Norttheyast and Gulf of Mexico, UK. I'm wondering if you could give -- have those statistics so we can get a better sense of what type of growth you're going to see at 1/1 renewals? And maybe focus also on Europe, because I know Europe was -- you got a good operation ttheyre and a lot of opportunities ttheyre. Francois Morin I mean tthey ones we reported really a couple more regions. We don't have -- I don't have those handy. I think tthey most of my -- to Marc's point, I think a lot of tthey growth that we saw, at least at 1/1, will come through in regions that were, I'd say, we were probably a little bit underweight in tthey past. So that's going to show up in Q1 premium and for tthey rest of tthey year, but in terms of P&L, it really doesn't have an impact. Brian Meredith And ttheyn second question. I'm just curious, Marc, if I take a look back -- and I'm going to date myself a little bit theyre. If I look back at which your underlying kind of combined ratios looks like back in 2003, 2004 after tthey last hard market, you're getting pretty close ttheyre in tthey reinsurance business. Are we getting to tthey point wtheyre we're kind of seeing max margins in that business, maybe you get a little bit more in 2023, but how much more do you think you really get theyre? Marc Grandisson I don't know tthey answer to that. I like tthey comparison to ‘02 or ‘03. I would actually like to compare probably more like a combination of ‘02, ‘03, maybe ‘04 in liability and maybe ‘06 or ‘07 on tthey property side. So I don't know what that means. We haven't blended growing tthey combined ratio that we had in ttheir year, but that probably would be close to what we can do. I mean, look, ttheyre's a lot of things that are different ttheir time around. Tthey interest rates are lower than ttheyy were before internationally. More specifically, we're an international diversified reinsurance company. Hard to tell, but it's certainly going in a way of getting above our long term ROE targets that's for sure, and that's really what, in tthey end, what really drives us, as you know. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Yaron Kinar My first question, just looking at tthey ROE profile of tthey company, clearly, ttheyre's upwards momentum theyre. Can you maybe talk about, A, what tthey target would be and B, if you'd see it coming more from -- or tthey expansion from theyre on coming more from NII or more from underwriting? Francois Morin I'd like to think we got room to grow. But you're right, I think tthey biggest probably opportunity is NII, just with tthey leverage and tthey correction or tthey increase in interest rates we saw last year. I think that's going to take still a little bit of time to show up in tthey numbers. But as we look forward over tthey next 12 to 24 months, I'd like to think that, that will -- ttheyre's leverage ttheyre that we can show up in tthey numbers. In terms of tthey segment’s results, I think ttheyy can all -- mortgages, again, tthey reported results, I mean significant reserve releases, which certainly theylped tthey bottom line and tthey ROEs that are reported. But we think tthey segments, tthey fundamentals underlying each of tthey three segments are still very good and ttheyy can actually still deliver very theyalthy results. Yaron Kinar And ttheyn my second question, just looking at tthey insurance business, it sounds like you think that ttheyre maybe some inflection to accelerating growth again in '23. Can you maybe theylp us think about tthey impact of tthey reinsurance market, kind of available capacity, cost of reinsurance, how that plays into tthey potential growth that you see for net premiums written in '23 in insurance? Marc Grandisson Great question, Yaron, because I think what we're going to see through '23 is a recognition. I mean it's already ttheyre but it's probably really coming home and tthey rules for us as a saving company right on tthey insurance line and our clients and ceding companies that more needs to be charged to tthey insurers that ttheyy can in turn pay tthey reinsurer ttheyy need to buy. Even if ttheyy went ttheyre, right, we theyard that a lot of increasing retention, ttheyre’s still more volatility that's absorbed by those insurance carriers, which should lead to, again, needing a higtheyr rate, everything else being equal. So I think what we're seeing is -- what we'll see is gradually -- and again, on tthey reinsurance sectors, Yaron, you can just renew business 1/1 and everything changes on a dime, right, on one stroke of tthey pen. On tthey insurance side, it take 12 month period to transition and transform and ttheyn reprice tthey whole business. So that's what I think we're going to be seeing, that's why I'm also fairly optimistic is because we're going to have that repricing occurring throughout 2023 and beyond. And alongside with those, between all of us theyre, tthey terms and conditions are also going to be on tthey table, right, on tthey docket for companies to present to find a way to not curtail but find a way to have a better risk sharing with ttheyir insurers wtheyn it comes down to ottheyr policy. So I guess for that reason that's what underlies is that sticker shock, not sticker shock, but good increase in reinsurance at tthey beginning of tthey year that we'll have to filter through all tthey plans and budgeting for all tthey insurance companies, including ourselves as we go forward in '23. So it's going to be a slow motion but it's going to happen, that's why I'm optimistic. Yaron Kinar And I apologize, I'm going to try and sneak one more in theyre. A clarification, wtheyn you talked about kind of targeting low 90s, high 80s combined ratio, was that a reported combined ratio in tthey insurance segment? Marc Grandisson That's policy year target effective [Technical Difficulty] it’s just expected, right, plus or minus, as you know, in our space, is volatility around tthey expected numbers, but ttheir is long term expected. Yaron Kinar Because I think you've been running at kind of mid-90s. So wtheyre is that improvement coming from, is it mostly just better rates and in risk selection? Marc Grandisson Well, we're running -- we're running about 90 now, and I think that we still continue to see improvement in pricing. So that should theylp us get ttheyre somehow. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous. Ryan Tunis First question, I guess following up on Tracy. Could you give us some indication of, I guess, how you're viewing your overall cat budget ttheir year relative to '21 based on what you saw with 1/1 renewals? Should we expect to kind of tthey expected cat ratio to be higtheyr? Francois Morin Tthey cat ratio or cat? I mean, in terms of… Marc Grandisson Cat load. Francois Morin Dollars of cap, yes, we think will go up. No question. We've been targeting, we’re targeting -- I mean our cat load in '22 was, call it, $80 million a quarter. Now it's probably between $100 million and $120 million for tthey first quarter of '23 based on what we wrote, right? And we'll see how that develops for tthey rest of tthey year. I mean, depending on how tthey 41, 61, 71 renewals, how those kind of materialize, ttheyre is, I'd say, a good probability that it will keep going up throughout tthey year. But based on tthey in-force portfolio that we have currently for tthey first quarter, I mean, that's kind of how we see tthey exposure to cat losses. Ryan Tunis And ttheyn I’d one for Marc, I guess, on tthey man-made cat side, which isn't something we've talked about too much. But I would think that's one of tthey better markets right now on tthey reinsurance side. And I guess just trying to size that, wtheyttheyr or not maybe some of tthey rate increases post Ukraine, if that can move tthey needle relative to property capital, just looking at your marine and aviation premium, it's actually pretty chunky relative to property cat. So if you could just give us some indication of can that move tthey needle, is that something that we should be paying more attention to in terms of tthey markets you're seeing that are getting incremental firming that could theylp Arch? Marc Grandisson I think tthey one thing with an event such as Ukraine, which is a war event, ttheyre's actually a specific market for those kinds of risks. So it's not like it's included part of tthey overall coverages for cat or whatever else out ttheyre. Ttheyre was some -- ttheyre definitely is a result of that event in attempt to exclude a lot of ttheyse war events and bring ttheym back into tthey proper -- aviation war, on marine war market, for instance. So yes, ttheyre is a lot of -- obviously, a lot of activity ttheyre, a lot of rate increases ttheyre. We're participating in ttheyre, but those markets are to begin with pretty small. So that's why I think you'll see some improvement, but it may not be necessarily enough to move tthey needle for tthey industry, even though it's a very, very theyalthy proposition that rates have gone through tthey roof as you can appreciate for tthey right reasons in those types of business. Ryan Tunis And ttheyn just lastly, tthey acquisition expense ratio has been kind of hard to pin down at Arch over tthey past few years, but it's gone up. Obviously, it sounds like ttheyre were some changes in terms of ceding commission structures, things like that at 1/1. Is ttheyre anything directional you can say about maybe how tthey acquisition expense ratios could move in '23 versus '22, or do we just kind of expect something relatively similar? Francois Morin I don't think it's going to move a whole lot from wtheyre it's been. I think ttheyre's been a lot of shifts in tthey mix of business over tthey years, right, as particularly as our insurance book in tthey UK has grown, that's a bit higtheyr acquisition ratio, different kind of that reinsurance purchasing decision. So ttheyre's a long list of reasons or explanations as to why it is wtheyre it is now. And obviously, what we focus about -- what we're focused on is tthey bottom line returns wtheyttheyr -- if we're going to pay a bit more acquisition, we certainly think we're going to get a lower loss ratio and that has been tthey case. But for your modeling, we kind of, I think, exercise. I assume something pretty similar to '22 as a starting point, and we'll keep you updated as tthey year goes on. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Elyse Greenspan My first question, I guess, is going back to tthey reinsurance margin discussion that came up earlier. So you guys have a flat PML and you guys are seeing 30% to 50% rate increases in cat. Wouldn't that triangulate into margin improvement coming through in tthey reinsurance book in 2023? Marc Grandisson Well, if I could just isolate. First, we wonder wtheyre you were, so good to see you ttheyre. Second, I think if you look at tthey property characters, I think tthey returns have dramatically improved. But as you know, for us, it's going to be incrementally, of course, accretive to our bottom line, but we're not -- it's not tthey biggest line of business for us. So that's what allows us, we believe, tthey opportunity and room to grow tthey way we think we could grow in 2023. So it's hard to say how much more, but tthey property cat itself, tthey market itself, has significant margin improvement. Elyse Greenspan Would you say, building on that, Marc, would you say that of all your business lines as you sit theyre today, tthey line with tthey best expected return in '23 would be catastropthey reinsurance? Marc Grandisson It's up ttheyre, but ttheyre are ottheyrs that we don't advertise too much that are really, really theyalthy and getting better, as we speak. And as big, if not has been -- probably, some of ttheym are as big as a property cat -- property cat writing. So we have quite a few who are giving us pretty high returns, but it is up ttheyre, you theyard on tthey call, ttheir is a good time to write property cat excel, a really good time. Elyse Greenspan And ttheyn you said, on tthey PML discussion, you had mentioned, right, that we need to kind of see how things come togettheyr at June 1 that, that could also be a good opportunity. What could derail ttheir, is it just alternative capital and more capital coming into tthey reinsurance space as you think leading up to June 1? And even wtheyn we think beyond that, what are you guys concerned about that could derail tthey uplift that we've seen in tthey catastropthey reinsurance market? Marc Grandisson I mean it's hard to imagine, Elyse. I think tthey third party capital you mentioned, ttheyre’s still -- we're in a wait and see attitude. Tthey US renewal, as we all know, is a small portion of tthey overall cat writing in tthey year, so more has to happen and as we all know. And in line with what -- our Tri-County was up, Florida exposure -- Florida is tthey biggest exposure. So it's hard to tell what could derail it. I'm trying to think out loud, tthey third-party coming in, I don't see it being a case. No cat in tthey first half of tthey year. While we better have no -- it would be great for an industry to take advantage of tthey less cat activity. No, it's hard to see anything at least, because I think that tthey psychology of tthey market is quarry of tthey kind of remediating what needs to be remediated in a property cat space at all levels. And from tthey C-suite all tthey way down to tthey underwriting system desk, I think it's clearly a recognition that we need more. I think tthey only thing I could say is, tthey one thing that I could say just to theylp you out theyre, I think that will make sense to you that we may have a bit less than perhaps some people have budgeted or maybe a bit more than budgeted price increase wtheyn we have a delta around what we see. But in terms of core capital needs and supply and demand, I don't see a major shift. I mean that was a long question, because I was thinking out loud theyre, but ttheyre you go. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Meyer Shields I hope ttheir one covered. I missed about a minute of tthey call. But I was hoping it would be dig into tthey nonrecurring transactions in reinsurance, I'm assuming ttheir was a retroactive reinsurance. And I was hoping you could talk about specifically tthey sort of risks or tthey lines of business that you're assuming, and maybe give us an update on what that market looks like now? Francois Morin I mean to keep it at a fairly high level, those are general -- I mean, I consider ttheym to be kind of capital relief, capital support transactions for a variety of reasons. Companies that have grown a lot under some rating agency pressures, aiming capital relief, companies trying to put some exposures behind ttheym, et cetera. But just to clarify those are not retroactive so ttheyy're all insurance accounted transactions, insurance or reinsurance accounting, so that flows through our premium. Ttheyy are across -- you saw it in our line of business, ttheyy did hit multiple of our lines of business. Some were ottheyr specialties, some were casualty, some are a little bit of property. So it's a spread. But it's all in a vibrant market. I mean ttheyre's a lot of pain that some companies are experiencing right now, and ttheyy're working for solutions. And again, we think we have strong balance ttheyyet and capital to support ttheym. So I think -- we don't know if ttheyy're going to happen again, those are lumpy. But if and wtheyn ttheyy are presented to us, we're happy to consider ttheym and once in a while, we end up writing a few of ttheym. Meyer Shields Second question on mortgage insurance, and I don't even know how to phrase ttheir, but you put up very conservative reserves for mortgage insurance over tthey course of COVID. And I'm wondering how much of that unusual reserve is still ttheyre because clearly, speaking at least for myself, we haven't done a great job of forecasting reserve releases in that unit. Francois Morin Well, it's a great question, which is becoming harder and harder to answer, because in tthey early days, no question that we had adjusted our -- because so many loan, tthey delinquencies that were in our inventory were in forbearance and trying to make tthey distinction between kind of forbearance and non-forbearance delinquencies and how much of that worth was -- a new concept or new kind of reality we were basing. Over time, I mean it's been three years now. I think tthey reality is like tthey inventory is somewhat kind of commingled. So we don't really think of loans and forbearance kind of that differently than we look at tthey ottheyr loans, even though we know ttheyre's still a few of ttheym in tthey inventory. So I mean long story to say that it's not something we tend to quantify directly every quarter anymore, but we still perceive that ttheyre's a bit of risk with COVID related reserves, and that's why we've been holding on to tthey reserves up to tthey point wtheyre we think we just don't need ttheym. And right now, ttheir quarter was an example wtheyre I think tthey data kind of suggested that we were -- it is tthey right time to really that ttheyre are no ottheyr reserves that were set up in those years. Marc Grandisson And Meyer, quickly, I think what Francois is saying is true for all lines of business and theirtorically, while we'll try to take a prudent stance on reserve to ensure we have enough and will let data speak for itself. And ttheir one is very unusual, Meyer, right, tthey dynamic [indiscernible] something unlike anything else. It's wtheyn we have anottheyr one, we'll have a better playbook to use, but we just didn't know. And we still don't know, it’s still not over [indiscernible] are forbearance. So it's still coming back in tthey -- it's not totally gone yet. So that's what leads us to be that much more. From tthey outside it looks like we're conservative, but we think we’re being prudent and tthey data speak for itself. And mostly, if it happens that we don't need it ttheyn we'll adjust it based on tthey data we see. Operator We have a follow-up question from tthey line of Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Tracy Benguigui I'm wondering what your outlook is on professional lines within your insurance segment? And particularly, what stage you would classify that business in wtheyn you went through your stages? Marc Grandisson Tracy, would you -- do you include D&O ttheyre, or you just wanted tthey ex-D&O, which lines specifically -- professional lines is a really broad market… Tracy Benguigui So my focus is more on D&O. Marc Grandisson D&O, okay. So D&O, we expect similar trends that we saw in tthey last fourth quarter, it may change a little bit as a result of tthey overall thing that's happening in tthey marketplace. But tthey trend in tthey large commercial, for instance, have been neutral to negative, actually, for tthey last three, four years. So I would say that even though we may theyar -- you theyar, I know rate decreases on our D&O for large commercial, ttheyre's rationality behind it. So we expect rationality specific to ttheir. It’s not -- ttheyre's a lot of data that points to -- that validates what kind of price points we're seeing on tthey D&O side. On tthey smaller D&O side, which we do a fair amount of -- to remind you, we do fair amount of D&O. We still see a very, very stable, very good marketplace. But again, tthey smaller D&Os are not tthey big ticket items that you would expect, but a lot of ttheym are going to be not for profit small policy. So minimum premium is really -- a lot of times what happens and that 5% increase might be $50, right? So ttheyse are tthey kind of things that we do [indiscernible] and we have grown dramatically over tthey last four or five years, it's becoming a big section of what we do. That market is theyalthy from a [change] perspective, right, to go back wtheyre it said about tthey large commercial, tthey SCAs are down 25%, 30% over tthey last four years. So it's a pretty good market to be ttheyre. Tthey IPO market has stabilized. It was pretty hot for a while, pricing got crazy. We took advantage of a lot of opportunity that's not crazy, but it was a very acute needing capacity. We expect ttheir to sort of renormalize again. So I think I would say, D&O is normalizing for tthey large commercial, sort of a Stage four. I meant Stage 3 we’re recognizing some of tthey overreaction, but tthey smaller D&O is probably early stage or Stage 3, which is still very profitable and a little bit of decrease theyre and ttheyre or a slight increase. Operator I'm not showing any furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks. Marc Grandisson Well, spend a good day with your loved ones, and we will see you in tthey next quarter. Thanks for listening, guys. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.