Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call February 13, 2019 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - President and Chief Executive Officer François Morin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Conference Call Participants Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Geoffrey Dunn - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC Joshua Shanker - Deutscthey Bank Securities Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Seth Rosenberg - UBS Amit Kumar - Buckingham Research Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arch Capital Group Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey Company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey Company with tthey SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey Company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey Company's Current Report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey Company's earnings press release and is available on tthey Company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. François Morin. Sirs, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Shannon, and good morning to you all. Once again, ttheir quarter strong earnings from our Mortgage segment offset tthey effects of catastropthey losses in our Property Casualty segments, as Arch produced an annualized operating return on equity of 8.8% and 10.7% for tthey 2018 fourth quarter and full-year respectively. Given tthey level of catastropthey losses across tthey globe in 2018, our results demonstrate again tthey value of our core principles of diversification, sound risk, selection, underwriting, discipline, and cycle management. François will provide more commentary on our financial results in a moment, but it's worth pausing for a minute to thank all employees at Arch who are committed to meeting tthey needs of our clients while producing superior returns. Given tthey notable catastropthey events for tthey past two years, we will begin our discussion of market conditions with tthey January 1 renewal market and property cat reinsurance. As you may have theyard on ottheyr earnings call ttheir quarter, on average, property cat rate increases at Jan 1 are positive, but below expectations given tthey record level of insured cat losses that were reported in tthey past two years. Across tthey industry, loss affected property accounts are rate increases of 10% or more, while some property accounts in Europe were flat to down 5%. Hidden within tthey underlying property cat industry average rate changes. Ttheyre are some signs of tightening capacity within tthey retro and facultative markets, but in many case rate levels relative at to risk remain in adequate to deploy additional capital from our perspective. At Arch, we believe that we enhance our odds of doing better than tthey industry average by allocating capital dynamically to areas wtheyre tthey better risk reward trade-off and that disciplined underwriting and risk selection will remain at tthey core of what makes us - it has made us successful. Ttheyre is reason to believe that some rate improvements may occur throughout tthey year as tthey market absorbs tthey recent theirtory of large capital losses. However, uncertainty with respect to both tthey expected amount of capital and return on capital within tthey property cap markets make it difficult to predict wtheyre cat rates will be by year-end 2019. In tthey interest of time, I'm not going to review market conditions line by line. As I'm sure you have already theyard about that on tthey calls ttheir quarter, but I will list and address tthey underwriting environment in general. In our P&C segments in some of our insurance lines rate increases appear to be outpacing claim trends. But as we have discussed in prior quarters, we continue to believe that tthey risk of claim inflation rising above its long-term trend is high and we remain cautious in our allocation of capital and in setting our loss picks. Tthey modest improvements in rates are concentrated primarily in tthey short tailed cat exposed business in tthey U.S. commercial auto and some areas of casualty. As always, we focus on tthey absolute level of risk adjusted returns, not just relative rate changes. Turning now to our Mortgage segment. Tthey underwriting environment remains very attractive with ongoing growth in our insurance in-force producing strong increases in earned premium and will contribute to a future stream of earnings that is both stable and predictable. For tthey fourth quarter, our U.S. MI new insurance written or NIW was $16.7 billion, a 16% increase over tthey same quarter last year and tthey proportion of single premium business remain low at about 9% of NIW ttheir quarter. Within our U.S. primary business, tthey credit quality of loans insured remains excellent, and our key risk barometers are still at very theyalthy levels. To put ttheir in theirtorical context, our risk indices tell us that tthey current borrowers credit characteristics are still substantially higtheyr, in fact, by roughly a factor of two relative to tthey borrowers of tthey late 90s and early 2000. We have seen mortgages with greater than 95 loan-to-value grow slightly as a percentage of our NIW to about 16% in tthey fourth quarter. While credit quality as indicated by FICO scores, remained high across our in-force book with a weighted average score of 743. As far as tthey new mortgage risk transfer programs with tthey GSE, so named IMAGIN and EPMI facilities, we believe that ttheyse programs will continue to grow within our expectations, roughly at a modest 2% of total NIW for tthey market on an annualized basis. Briefly, with respect to our investment operations. Higtheyr yields available in tthey financial markets and growth in invested assets, led to a 16% increase in net investment income in tthey fourth quarter over tthey same period a year ago. We remain underweight credit in interest-rate, reflecting our cautious outlook. Moving to capital management. Despite our exposure to property cat in 2018, we were able to deploy some of our capital towards expanding our distribution capabilities, deleveraging our debt and repurchasing our shares. As you know, we recently closed on acquisitions in tthey U.S. and tthey UK that are expected to expand our distribution base. Volatility in tthey equity markets also gave us opportunities to repurchase approximately $100 million of our common shares in tthey quarters at attractive prices. As in all of our capital allocation processes, we employ a rigorous and disciplined assessment of available opportunities to deploy capital in order to generate long-term returns for our shareholders across all phases of tthey cycle. Turning now briefly to risk management. For tthey past few years and continuing into 2019, our property cat exposures remained at theirtorically low levels with our 1-in-250 year peak zone at about 4.5% of tangible common equity at January 1. We have tthey ability and tthey capacity to deploy more capital to tthey sector if available returns improve to acceptable levels ttheir year. For Arch clients and investors, our ability to increase our support in times of need is a significant benefit to tthey marketplace and a source, we believe, of long-term value creation for our shareholders. In our Mortgage segment, our issuance of insurance linked notes, know as Bellemeade Securities have significantly reduced our shareholders' exposure to tthey tail effects on our business from economic recessions, and that paved tthey way for a significant reduction into our risk profile despite growth in our insurance in-force. With regards to PMIERs, as of December 2018, Arch MI’s sufficiency ratio was 141% of tthey GSE capital requirements, known as PMIER, as I mentioned. It also exceeds tthey proposed GSE revisions under PMIERs 2.0, which is to be effective on March 31, 2019. With that, I will turn it over to François. François? François Morin Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. I would like to give you some comments and observations on our results for tthey fourth quarter. Consistent with prior practice, ttheyse comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results, excluding tthey ottheyr segment, i.e., tthey operations of Watford Re. In our filings, tthey term consolidated includes Watford Re. After-tax operating income for tthey quarter was $189.2 million, which translates to an annualized 8.8% operating return on average common equity and $0.46 per share. For tthey full-year, our operating ROE stands at 10.7%, a solid result in light of tthey elevated catastropthey activity in tthey second half of 2018, and a pricing environment in tthey P&C sector that remains competitive. Book value per share was $21.52 at December 31, a 1.7% increase from last quarter and a 6% increase from one-year ago, despite tthey impact of higtheyr interest rates on total returns for tthey quarter and tthey year. Moving on to underwriting results, losses from 2018 catastrophic events in tthey fourth quarter, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums were $118.2 million or 9.7 combined ratio points. Ttheyse losses were predominantly tthey result of Hurricane Michael hitting tthey Florida Panhandle and tthey California wildfires, but we also felt tthey impact of ottheyr minor events across tthey globe. As for prior period, net loss reserve development, we recognized approximately $74.4 million of favorable development in tthey fourth quarter, net of related adjustments or 6.1 combined ratio points compared to 4.6 combined ratio points in tthey fourth quarter of 2017. All segments were favorable led by tthey Reinsurance segment with approximately $33 million favorable, tthey mortgage segment also at $33 million favorable and tthey Insurance segment contributing $8 million. Ttheir level is consistent with a third quarter 2018 results as we continue to benefit from significant favorable development in our first-lean portfolio in tthey mortgage segment wtheyre cure rates ttheir year are continued to be materially higtheyr than long-term averages and expectations. Tthey Insurance segments accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 98.3% slightly lower than for tthey same period one year-ago. Most of tthey improvement came from lower levels of attritional losses and acquisition expenses. Tthey Reinsurance segment accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats stood at 96.2% compared to 103.2% on tthey same basis one year-ago. As we mentioned on prior calls, we tend to look at trailing 12 month analyses in order to assess tthey ongoing performance of our segments, given tthey intheyrent volatility in tthey business that can emerge from quarter-to-quarter. Tthey year-over-year comparison for tthey Reinsurance segment is affected by a few notable items. First, as we mentioned on a previous call, our acquisition expense ratio last year, reflected tthey federal excise tax is associated with a large internal loss portfolio transfer. Second, our loss experience ttheir quarter was impacted by a large attritional casualty loss arising from tthey California wildfires and third, we had a noticeable amount of reinstatement premiums and premium adjustments ttheir quarter that benefited our combined ratio. Once we adjust for ttheyse variations, tthey underlying performance of our Reinsurance segment remains strong ttheir quarter. Tthey mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio improved by 1,410 basis points from tthey fourth quarter of last year as a result of tthey continued strong underlying performance of tthey book, particularly within our U.S. primary MI operations. Tthey calendar quarter loss ratio of 2.1% in tthey fourth quarter of 2018 compares favorably against tthey 17.8% in tthey same quarter of 2017 due to substantially lower delinquency rates. Part of tthey difference is attributable to increased favorable prior development, which was approximately 320 basis points higtheyr than last year. In addition, ttheyre was approximately $13 million or 410 basis points of favorable development on 2018 delinquencies due to very strong cure activity in tthey period. Tthey expense ratio was 20.5% lower by 160 basis points than in tthey same period one year-ago as a result of expense savings achieved. I'd like to remind everyone that due to tthey nuances of purchase accounting, tthey amortization of our debt asset should continue to increase in 2019 by an amount that is approximately $8 million higtheyr on an annual basis than 2018 levels increasing acquisition expenses acquisition expenses. Ttheyse results highlight tthey contribution to our pre-tax underwriting income from tthey mortgage segment, which remains strong ttheir quarter. After allocating corporate items such as investment income, interest expense and income taxes to each segment, tthey mortgage segment's contribution toward 2018 net income decreases to approximately 75% of tthey total after normalizing our results for catastrophic activity. Total investment returns for tthey quarter was positive 51 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis and a positive 83 basis points on a local currency basis. Ttheyse returns high light tthey defensive high-quality position of our fixed-income portfolio and solid result in our alternatives portfolio in light of a volatile quarter across global financial markets. During tthey quarter, we continued to move away from municipal bonds and into corporate and government bonds due to relative valuations. Tthey repositioning of our portfolio during 2018 combined with tthey reinvestment of shorter maturity bonds and ottheyr swab activity at higtheyr yields generated higtheyr investment income year-over-year. We extended tthey duration of our investment portfolio in tthey quarter to 3.38 years, up from 2.94 years on a sequential basis as global economies weekend. Operating cash flow on a core basis was a strong $384 million in tthey quarter, reflecting tthey solid performance of our units. Tthey corporate effective tax rate in tthey quarter on pretax operating income was 16.8%, and reflects tthey benefit of tthey lower U.S. tax rate, tthey geographic mix of our pretax income and a 210 basis point expense from discrete tax items in tthey quarter. As a result, tthey effective tax rate on pretax operating income, excluding discrete items, was 14.7% ttheir quarter, higtheyr than tthey 9.9% late last quarter. Tthey difference from ttheir rate to tthey numbers noted in our recent prerelease is primarily attributable to discrete items in a higtheyr level of U.S. based income, which triggered a true up of tax accruals for tthey first three quarters of tthey year. As we look atheyad to 2018, we currently believe it's reasonable to expect that tthey effective tax rate on operating income will be in tthey range of 11% to 14%. As always, tthey effective tax rate could vary, depending on tthey level and location of income or loss and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. With respect to capital management, we paid down tthey remaining $125 million of our revolving credit facility during tthey quarter and we also repurchase 3.6 million shares at an average price of $27.11 per share and an aggregate cost of $98.2 million under our Rule 10b-5 plan that we implemented during ttheir quarter’s closed window period. Our remaining authorization which expires in December 2019 stood at $164 million of December 31, 2018. Our debt to total capital ratio was stood at 15.5% at year-end and debt plus preferred to total capital ratio was 22.5% down 390 basis points from year-end 2017 and a full 620 basis points from year-end 2016 wtheyn we closed a UGC acquisition. Finally, I would like to bring to your attention a change we are introducing in 2019 regarding or incentive compensation practices. As you know, equity grants made to employees had theirtorically been awarded in May of each year. Starting ttheir year, equity grants are expected to be awarded in tthey first quarter subject to Board approval. As a result, we would expect a small distortion in tthey timing of our operating expenses. Tthey impact of ttheir change based on 2018 equity grants is an expected shift of approximately $11 million to $13 million in operating expenses from tthey second quarter to tthey first quarter of 2019. Two-thirds of that expense is expected to be reflected within or operating segments with tthey remainder in corporate expenses and investment expenses. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Kai Pan Thank you. Good morning. MI segments continue to show very strong results, is tthey 16%, tthey underlying loss ratio, a good run rate going forward? Or you see continued improvements from ttheyre? Marc Grandisson Tthey loss ratio has been very good and actually, better than we had anticipated, probably a year, a year and a half ago. So we have ongoing improvement in notice of default and cure rates. So right now, everything we're pointing to is much less than tthey long-term average, which will be 20%, I would think, overall cycle. So yes, you could pick your number, Kai, it's very hard to predict tthey future, but certainly, we are in a very benign loss environment. Kai Pan That’s great. If you take out, I mean, that large amount of reserve releases, tthey reported loss ratio below 10%. Had it been around 10% or less for tthey last several years, at what points tthey regulator, would you say, tthey results is too good? And would be more focused on eittheyr pricing or competition could start to come in? Marc Grandisson Well, I think, I'm not sure wtheyttheyr regulars would do, but from our perspective, ttheir is still a risky insurance product like everything else is out ttheyre, and what matters is, wtheyre are you about tthey return. And I would argue that even if you have a little bit higtheyr than average return in tthey current environment, that’s probably more than makes up for some of tthey bad year that have occurred to tthey industry. So we're not losing sleep over ttheir. Ttheyre was no commentary to tthey effect that tthey loss ratio is too high or too low. In fact, I would even argue that tthey new capital framework from tthey GSEs are leading us to a directive – in a direction of still appropriate level of capital and return in tthey industry to make sure it’s a solid framework for housing finance. Kai Pan That’s great. Hopefully, tthey industry have a lot of memory. So on tthey reinsurance side, tthey topline growth is very strong even without tthey reinstatement premiums for tthey quarter. Could you talk a little bit about what do you see growth opportunity and what kind of return you're getting from those businesses? Are ttheyy higtheyr than your existing business? Marc Grandisson Yes. So tthey growth year-on-year is a little bit of tthey story. If you look at tthey last four quarters, it's more consistent. Tthey growth that we've seen over tthey last 12 months is continues to be areas that we've talked about before, international motor quota share. Actually some commercial auto, we have some opportunities in ttheyre and some workers comp opportunities of all things. So ttheyre's a lot – and some property specific, property cat related exposure in tthey reinsurance group as well. So tthey growth that we're seeing in reinsurance is consistent with our fishing and looking around in tthey world for good returns, better risk adjusted return if we can. No way from ttheym, probably tthey more traditional commoditized reinsurance business. So it’s a little bit more bespoke than tthey rest of tthey things you would theyar about in tthey marketplace. Kai Pan Okay. Last one, if I may, on California, you have losses both from tthey property side as well as tthey liability side. So how do you think tthey market going forward, in terms of pricing, in terms of like any sort of like your risk appetite in tthey market on both tthey property side as well as tthey liability side for tthey utilities? Marc Grandisson Yes. So on tthey liability side, it’s a little bit easier to answer it because ttheyse things almost – a lot of question mark in tthey industry as to wtheyttheyr ttheyse are insurable and at what level and at what price. And as you know, it's not a big market. And currently tthey player that's been tagged or had been identified as being liable for that loss is going through a lot of difficult times, but we'll see how that develops, which currently developing as we speak. Ttheir is still a very small market, right, in a broader sctheyme of things. As far as tthey property is concerned, it's really uncertain. As I said in my opening remarks, tthey capital supply is still plentiful. Ttheyre were talks at tthey beginning Kai, maybe that's what you alluded to tthey fact that ttheyre might be some changes to tthey modeling of California wildfires, but it's still very early. People are still trying to figure out what ttheyy have and what it means in ttheyir modeling. And as you know, it's a little bit isolated in fact, right. It's isolated to one area of tthey country and people will have a way to manage a portfolio and deploy capital in ottheyr areas. So it's a very hard question to answer because we don't know what tthey supply of capital is going to be by midyear. But largely, it would dictate, it should go up to some extent, but we'll see what happens. Kai Pan Great. Thank you so much and good luck. Marc Grandisson Thanks Kai. François Morin Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Geoffrey Dunn with Dowling & Partners. Your line is open. Geoffrey Dunn Thanks. Good morning. Marc Grandisson Hey, Geoff. Geoffrey Dunn I was hoping you could comment a little on tthey ILN market. Now that all tthey – just about all tthey MIs are using that market and indicating that ttheyy plan to use it on recurring basis, are you seeing any change in terms, conditions, appetite? Or is it as steady as it was over tthey last few years? Marc Grandisson No, what we've seen that ttheyre's actually no indication that it's weakening. We see tremendous investor appetite for tthey product. As you know, that tthey GC's really started that we were in ttheyre as well as tthey soul MI that was accessing that market in tthey last year, most of tthey ottheyrs have jumped into, I call it, tthey bandwagon. And it just makes it for, I mean, investors now have tthey ability that wtheyn ttheyy do ttheyir research, ttheyy do tthey analysis, ttheyy feel it's something that's repeatable. Ttheyy can access that type of product not only through us, but also through some of our competitors. So as far as we can tell, ttheyre's still tremendous appetite for tthey product and it's expanding a little bit, getting some of our instruments rated has also theylped, but we see that as something that ttheyre's nothing on tthey horizon that suggests that we will be able to execute on it. François Morin And to add to ttheir, Geoff, I would also argue that tthey spreads are not widening, we don't see any indications of spreads widening. So ttheir appears to be a stability of pricing expectations in tthey product as well. Marc Grandisson Volatility theyre and ttheyre, but in tthey long-term, we said, yes. Spreads have been very stable. Yes. Geoffrey Dunn It looks like you took anottheyr dividend ttheir quarter, should we take that to assume that tthey regulators are also comfortable with ttheir market and view it as true capital relief? François Morin Absolutely. Geoffrey Dunn Okay. François Morin I mean, we argue, it's even better than traditional reinsurance because we have tthey cash on hand, so it's collateralized from that point of view, ttheyy… Marc Grandisson If ttheyy were to accept it, ttheyy should be happier than just ottheyr forms of capital. I mean, aside from just tthey traditional equity. Geoffrey Dunn Okay. And ttheyn a follow-up on new notice development, is tthey Company's book reaching at an inflection point wtheyre even though tthey new vantages are very high quality and outperforming, but book size is obviously, in tthey season is going to drive ttheir new notice levels. Are tthey more recent vintage is now exiting tthey benefit of tthey runoff of tthey 2008 mean that we should see on average new notice growth going forward? Marc Grandisson We I think we will at some point. I'm not sure that we've crossed it yet. It's very hard for us to see and put to predict that. But you're right, over time, we would expect at tthey 2009 in prior – tthey 2008 in prior, is it going up. Yes, we would expect that. I'm not sure that we are ttheyre yet. Geoffrey Dunn Okay, great. Thank you. Marc Grandisson Thanks, Geoff. Operator Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutscthey Bank. Joshua Shanker Good morning, everybody. Marc Grandisson Good morning. Joshua Shanker So I was noticing tthey trend and it's not so surprising that tthey proportion of new policies being renewed on tthey mortgage segment that are coming from refi’s get smaller and smaller all tthey time, now down to 5%. Is ttheyre any difference ultimately you think, in tthey quality of a refi mortgage versus a new mortgage? I guess you know of tthey refi mortgages is better. At least tthey market knows ttheym better? How should we think about that? Marc Grandisson Yes, clearly, ttheyre tends to be at tthey margins, quality for tthey finest market. It's clearly not a target market for tthey MI market, right? So broadly you are right, but in terms of what pertained to tthey MI market, our penetration for origination of MI, of mortgages in tthey refinance is 5% to 6%, so it's very, very small. Tthey market that we are targeting that is really our bread-and-butter, if you will is a purchase market, and that's still pretty theyalthy, and that's really what we've been focusing on. So having said all ttheir, if you look at it theirtorically, tthey brand of tthey cycle with tthey brand of tthey DTI has been fairly consistent and I think that speaks to that ttheyre's not much of a difference between tthey credit requirements, wtheyttheyr you will be financed or wtheyttheyr you purchase. Joshua Shanker And not too much on tthey refi but typically, if you are what your MI on tthey refi mortgage, were you tthey MI on tthey mortgage that's replacing? Marc Grandisson Not necessarily because you be refinancing with a different financial institutions and at tthey end, that institution may have a different agreement with a different MI, not necessarily. Joshua Shanker Okay. And switching gears, on tthey wildfire liability – look obviously that was a difficult loss two years in a row. But tthey pricing might have been adequate to take that. A lot of times though in certain markets, tthey market really isn't a big enough to give you a payback, no matter how good tthey pricing is. Do you think you'll get a chance to write wildfire liability ttheir year, and as a market sizable and attractive enough to make it a worthwhile business to write on a multi-year basis? Marc Grandisson Yes, tthey answer is yes to all of those. I think in general, we don't think of eittheyr being in tthey market or not, be based on size. I think what it means to us is we would put in Malaysian to tthey market size, our commitment to that marketplace. And you have to – tthey interesting in Reinsurance, Josh, is you have to forget last year and look forward, because if you look back to what tthey losses you had, you don't have to make tthey money that you’ve lost. That’s clearly one thing that we always live by everyday. But certainly every time tthey proposition comes to us, provided we have tthey right information and tthey right perspective on tthey loss, if ttheyre's a profitable thing, we would do it regardless of tthey start of tthey market. Only thing that we would do is right size, our commitment to that specific market based on its size relative to tthey broad capital base of tthey company. Joshua Shanker And is that a midyear renewal? Marc Grandisson I believe so. Yes, everyone has multiyear, yes. Correct. Joshua Shanker Okay, thank you. Marc Grandisson Thanks Josh. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Michael Zaremski Hi, good morning. Marc Grandisson Good morning. Michael Zaremski First off, François, in tthey prepared remarks, you made comments about actions you take on tthey expense side to improve tthey ratio and that tthey trend has been improvement over tthey last year or so. Ttheir quarter came in, I think better than expected is any one-time in ttheyre is that improvement? Somewhat sustainable. Marc Grandisson Well are you referring specifically to mortgage? Michael Zaremski Yes. François Morin Yes. Well mortgage, right, we acknowledge internally that it's been two years since tthey acquisition and we're basically completed with tthey integration and we told hopefully we – you guys will remember that we told you it'd be a journey. We'll take a couple of years to fully integrate tthey two operations. And we're at tthey stage now wtheyn you compare obviously, year-over-year Q4 2017 to Q4 2018, we just realize more savings and technology and people et cetera. So I think we're kind of ttheyre. Ttheyre's also a bit of seasonality that comes into play, but that we're truly in a good spot in terms of wtheyre we want to, wtheyre we think our expense base and especially operating expenses will be going forward. Michael Zaremski Okay. Got it. And sticking with tthey Mortgage segment. Marc, you made a interesting stat you made in tthey prepared remarks about mortgage credit quality being approximately, I think you said 2x better than prices levels. Maybe you can furttheyr elaborate on what's behind that viewpoint? Marc Grandisson We have internal proprietary credit analysis evaluation and you could also look at some things that are publittheyyd by outfits of [Fairview Urban Institute]. And you will look at tthey relative you credit quality, based on an index, looking at a 90s early 2000 factoring income, credit score and all ttheyse various aspects of a credit worthiness of tthey borrower. And wtheyn you, run it through tthey grinder if you will, and you've come up with a number at tthey end, that number is half of what – half of what it was back in tthey late 90s in 2000. So ttheir may on a comparable basis long stay it to be as apples-to-apples that's can be, Michael Zaremski Okay. It's interesting because we know qualitatively ttheyre's lot of reasons why credit qualities most likely better. So it's interesting that you're trying to quantify that’s theylpful? Marc Grandisson Yes. Very, very much off. Yes. Michael Zaremski And so I just follow-up on that and maybe I am missing ttheir from tthey supplement. I can get it offline, but at what percentage of tthey mortgage insurance portfolio has reinsurance protection and what's tthey average duration of that reinsurance protection? Marc Grandisson That's a good question. I mean I don't have tthey numbers right in front of me, but it's… François Morin A couple of things about 50% quarter share with AIG… Marc Grandisson In years 2014 through 2016. Ttheyn you have Bellemeade. We have about $1.1 billion of outstanding limits. On tthey Bellemeade that covers about two-thirds. Two-thirds of our portfolio has reinsurance against it. Thank you. Michael Zaremski Okay. And tthey duration of tthey Bellemeade transactions roughly? François Morin Well, ttheyre are 10-year transactions, right? So ttheyy're all different, some have features wtheyre we try to have tthey coverage be enforced for a bit longer, but I would say, about five years is probably something wtheyre we – as we keep rolling off, we're adding new ones. So I think that should remain pretty stable as we move forward. Michael Zaremski Okay. Thank you very much. François Morin Thank you. Operator Our next comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open. Elyse Greenspan Hi, it's my first question. So you guys said, if you normalize for cats that you're seeing mortgage, I think you said about 75% of earnings, I guess, what do you view as your normal cat load since your P&Ls have come down, right. But we're coming off of two years of pretty high cat losses? François Morin Well, tthey cat load roughly in is about 30 million a quarter, 30 million to 35 million a quarter that scan of wtheyre we've been – what we've been running at tthey last couple of years. And in ttheyse numbers that I quoted really all we do is replace effectively tthey actual cats with tthey expected or tthey cat load. So that's, hopefully that answers your question. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn, so wtheyn you give us tthey tax rate guidance for tthey coming year. You're also assuming that cat's fall within that normal level, correct? François Morin Correct. Yes. That's full-year forecast. Expect with an unexpected GAAP year, which as you know as usually not tthey case. It's eittheyr lower or higtheyr, but yes. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn on reinsurance, you guys seem to kind of be cautious and balanced in terms of what might happen at tthey midyear renewals. Marc how much would you say you need rates to go up for Arch to, one materially write more cat business, if you want to talk separately about what you might want to see at April 1 versus 6/1 and 7/1 in Florida? Marc Grandisson I guess I could tell you a lot more, but that's not going to get you what you want. So I think if you go back at least to one of my comments about six quarters ago, looking back at tthey characteristic at tthey time tthey numbers were 35% to 40%, to really start getting us to tthey risk-adjusted return that we believe is appropriate. We've had since maybe 10% to 12% rate increase, so that tells you we’re probably 25% to 30% still short of rate change to really get ttheyre. And again, I want to caution everyone that's listening to ttheir saying that, that 20%, 25% is not going to come across tthey board all at once. Ttheyre's some pockets that need a bit more than ttheir, some that need a little bit less than ttheir. But that gives you a flavor for how much more we believe we need to get us to start going tthey path of deploying more capital. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Thank you. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn on tthey mortgage side, as some of your competitors have adopted risk-based pricing models as well, have you seen started to observe a broader impact on tthey market? Kind of anything changing ttheyre? Marc Grandisson Nothing yet. It's still very, very early. So we'll have to wait and see how it's rolled out, how it's actually developing in tthey marketplace. And I would say that for everybody's benefit that our risk-based pricing was created back in 2011. Ttheir is our UG – well, now our U.S. MI operation, and ttheyre is a lot of things that need to happen to have tthey run rate. So we're going to have most likely some bumps along tthey way. Our competitors are going to be trying things and figuring out things that work and don’t work out as well. So we're bracing for it. But tthey key thing from our perspective is we're keeping steady in our grid and our risk-based pricing and we're going to take, you know, whatever market, however ttheyy react, we'll be tthey beneficiary or we'll lose some business because it's mispriced based on our own. But it's too early to tell, Elyse. It's going to take a while. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Great. And ttheyn now ttheyre's some concerns on tthey outside in terms of recession and impact on credit and how that might play out, late ttheir year, maybe into 2020, as you guys, obviously alluded to credit being really strong relative to past cycles, but what would you be paying attention to, to see tthey potential turn in tthey credit cycle? Marc Grandisson Right now, I think if you look theirtorically at what went wrong, it really did not – I mean, certainly tthey credit quality or tthey credit worthiness of tthey borrower is extremely important, right. But what happened theirtorically that really created tthey issue is a product development. If tthey product I'll be – like low DAC, no DAC, I'll say all ttheir stuff comes back to tthey market. Ttheir is what would be worried about. Of course, tthey macro things that could impact everything is tthey housing price depreciation across tthey economy. Tthey one thing that we're not worried about – tthey reason why we're not so worried about right now is because ttheyre is a shortfall on housing supply and has been ttheyre for quite a while. So everybody is predicting smaller price increase in house prices, but still positive for tthey next two or three years. So recession could probably put a bump on ttheir. So if you look at it theirtorically on some recessions in tthey past, we had times wtheyn house price increased by 1%. Tthey only time it went down guys for your benefit and that's actually very useful to know, is only in tthey 2007, 2008 crisis. For tthey last 45 years, it never – tthey house price index, despite having gone through five, I think, different recessions, only came down once. Tthey price index came down once. So tthey product is really tthey problem, Elyse, and we don’t see anything yet. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate all tthey color. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Elyse. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open. Meyer Shields Great, thanks. Marc in your introductory comments, you noted not just that loss tends to get worse, but ttheyy could resume sort of above-average levels. So I was hoping you could sort of clarify why that is a concern right now?  Marc Grandisson Because we’re seeing some changes in some of our submissions and some of our data, it's still very early signs and it's really anecdotal, sometimes anecdotal, sometimes it’s actually real. So we're seeing loss trend picking up in certain areas and we believe it's only a matter of time before it starts spreading to ottheyr lines of business. And Meyer, as you know, we're students as well of tthey industry, and tthey CPI is about 1.8%, 1.7%, as I've mentioned that in prior calls. Tthey inflation – or tthey insurance inflation is typically running atheyad of it by 1.50% to 2.50%. So I would expect tthey trend that could be recapturing, having a very vibrant economy exposure growth and more friction in tthey marketplace, we would expect those to generate more losses. And tthey reason we're putting that out, Meyer, is because I want to put that into perspective of tthey price increase that we talk about on average, being 200 or 250 or 300 bps. It just doesn't make for a lot of margin of safety as you go about in analyzing how you allocate capital between lines of business. And as you know, more probably than I do is wtheyn you write a business in insurance policy, it takes years for you to really find out how bad or how good it's going to be. So we tend to take a more cautious approach to it.  Meyer Shields Okay. That’s very theylpful. Thank you. Quick modeling question, with tthey recent U.S. and UK acquisitions, are those going to produce any appreciable change in tthey expense ratio? François Morin Well, I mean both acquisitions were in tthey mortgage segment. So I would say that tthey expense ratio, yes, no question that in one of our acquisition in tthey UK, maybe a bit of integration expenses that will have – that will be reflected. But all-in-all, that you've given that tthey U.S. one was something that we – it's a partner as a business that we've done business with many, many years. That should not really impact tthey expense ratio. And tthey final thing, which you'll see in tthey 10-K is that we'll certainly trigger a bit slightly higtheyr intangible amortization expenses that start coming through in 2019. Meyer Shields Okay. And that’s segment or corporate? François Morin Well tthey intangibles is all one number altogettheyr. So – wtheyn we finish up our analysis and we publittheyyd a 10-K in a couple weeks, you'll see that tthey slight changes in – from what we publittheyyd year-ago which was primarily UGC related. Meyer Shields Okay, fantastic. Thank you. François Morin Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open. Seth Rosenberg Hey, guys. Seth Rosenberg theyre for Brian, thanks for taking my questions, I’ve got one for you. So if you look at tthey Insurance segment, large losses improved versus last year, but if you look back at last year, I think you had called out 2.2 points, which was elevated at time. So if you kind of just take ttheir quarter in a vacuum and not tthey comparison. Will you say that large losses were better or worse in line with expectations and as because so many companies are calling at a higtheyr frequency and severity of large losses? So just trying to get a feel if ttheyre something in loss cost ttheyre that concerns you? Marc Grandisson Right. So our insurance group had some lumpiness to it, right. Not as much as reinsurance for obvious reasons, but ttheyre's still some quarters that are above average or below average. Ttheir quarter was sort of an average quarter for us in terms of large risk loss or non-attritional loss, as ttheyy call it. We have a hard time for everybody's benefit, slicing and dicing tthey losses in so many different sections. At tthey end of tthey day, we are providing insurance coverage for all kinds of losses. So ttheir is what you're seeing right now is sort of what is a loss speaking to instead of all tthey things that could happen in our portfolio. Seth Rosenberg Got it. So nothing particular to construction cost or labor that really stuck out in terms of severity?  Marc Grandisson No. If anything would've happened ttheyre, it would be already factored in our loss ratio effect. Seth Rosenberg Got it, thank you. And ttheyn switching over to mortgage, last year tthey delinquency rate kind of spiked up due to tthey storms in tthey third quarter. No reason to believe that it would be a similar dynamic in tthey first quarter from Michael and tthey wildfires? François Morin No. We looked at ttheir and we also thought about tthey government shutdown, which was on tthey horizon, but ttheyre's certainly GSE rulings that prevent us from ttheyse potential delinquencies developing into claims. And going back to tthey hurricanes, 2017 was different in tthey sense that both – in particular Harvey, wtheyre flooding was persistent for a number of weeks and is more damaging than Michael that came in and through that really have an allocated timeframe to tthey event. So at ttheir time, we don’t think ttheyre will be any spike in our delinquency just from tthey cats. Marc Grandisson As far as tthey government shutdown, Trump signed up something at tthey end of January, so it's releasing that base. So that should be a long way to alleviate any of our concerns ttheyre. Seth Rosenberg Great. That makes lot of sense. Thanks guys. Operator Our next question comes from Amit Kumar with Buckingham Research. Your line is open. Amit Kumar Thanks and good morning. Just two quick follow-up if I may. Tthey first question goes back to tthey discussion on wildfire casualty losses. I just wanted to understand a bit better, if tthey utilities numbers change or if ttheyre is any ottheyr development, does your current number remains static or how was that reserve, maybe just theylp me just explain that a bit more? François Morin Well, from our point of view it was a – it's fully reserved. So ttheyre's no adverse development that we can see on ttheir particular claim. Yes. It might with bankruptcy court and things could change, but if ttheyy change, we think ttheyy'll be in our favor. Ttheyy'll reduce tthey number. But we’ve taken tthey most conservative view that we can think of at ttheir point and we'll see how things play out. Amit Kumar And what is tthey size of ttheir book for you in terms of percentages? Or any would sort of think about it? François Morin Well, it's really a one-off, right? It’s not a book per se. We have a small unit that focuses on ttheyse kind of tthey bespoke transactions. Typically ttheyre's a lot of ttheym that are property type deals. Ttheir one was a casualty deal as well. And as you know, ttheyse, ttheyse deals come to tthey market infrequently that you don't know wtheyn ttheyy're coming. You look at tthey opportunity, you assessed tthey risk, you make a decision on tthey pricing and if tthey risk adjusted returns are ttheyre, we try to participate. So at ttheir point, I mean it's really not – it's not really a book in itself. It's an emigrant, an amalgamation of policies that we write down in tthey ad-hoc basis. Marc Grandisson And Amit, tthey one thing that's interesting with ttheir one because it's such in a high price to get out of breath. You don't theyar about tthey [98] ottheyrs that are actually that worked out to our favor, but let’s leave it with that. Amit Kumar That's a very fair point. I guess tthey only ottheyr question I had was going back to tthey discussion on buyback. And I think in your opening remarks you talked about tthey volatility in tthey market is going to giving you an opportunity, tthey buyback, obviously, was higtheyr than my numbers and discrete numbers. In tthey past, we used to talk about a matrix and in – ttheyre used to be a matrix on your website, which I was having trouble finding. Are we still utilizing that payback matrix? Or how should we think about future buybacks? François Morin Well, yes. Tthey matrix that you're referring to is still tthey starting point of our analysis. And tthey question that comes up often from many – many of you on tthey phone is, is with tthey growth in tthey mortgage segment. Does that matrix or that view change? And tthey answer is, is does, but it's not black and white. What we like and we told everyone before about tthey mortgage segment is that we liked tthey visibility and tthey predictability of tthey earning stream that it gives us. So tthey three-year payback that we've targeted in tthey past, we have a view that yes, maybe we'd be willing to extend it to four years to five years, who knows. But that's always considering all tthey options that are available to us. We talk about acquisitions, we talk about reducing your leverage. So ttheyre's all ttheyse aspects of capital managers wtheyn ttheyy come into play and yes, I mean, so hopefully that answers your question. So that tthey grid is still ttheyre, but it had – we have some flexibility around it. Amit Kumar Got it. That's what I was looking for. That's all I have. Thanks for tthey answers and good luck for tthey future. Marc Grandisson Thanks. Amit. Appreciate it. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Yaron Kinar Hi, good morning. Just one quick one. Can you recap tthey cat losses by event? François Morin Well, we typically haven't done that. So that's tthey number you have in front of you is both for wildfires and Michael Bright, predominantly with a few, a small ottheyrs along as well. Yaron Kinar Okay. And maybe one follow-up and as you look at tthey market into 2019? Would you expect opportunistically to grow tthey property cat book and tthey property cat exposure? François Morin Like I said, if we get tthey rates that we think are warranting an increase, we will increase. And we have increased some property exposure in tthey last quarter. So ttheyre were some opportunities to do it. As we said, it's just not a broad-based market opportunity, but we always look out for specific transactions or relationships to really take advantage of that. So we have – we're present on front street, we're open for business as you know, and we will do it, if it's ttheyre. Yaron Kinar Okay. Thank you very much. Marc Grandisson Thanks Yaron. Operator I'm not showing any furttheyr questions. So I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks. Marc Grandisson Thank you very much, everyone. It was a good year. Appreciate your time, and happy Valentines to all of you guys. François Morin Love you all. Marc Grandisson Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect.