Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q3 2017 Earnings Call October 26, 2017 11:00 AM ET Executives Constantine Iordanou - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Marc Grandisson - President and Chief Operating Officer Mark Lyons - EVP and CFO Analysts Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Josh Shanker - Deutscthey Bank Amit Kumar - Buckingham Research Brian Meredith - UBS Jay Cotheyn - Bank of America Meyer Shields - KBW Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q3 2017 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct tthey question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's website. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today's conference, Mr. Dinos Iordanou, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Mark Lyons. You may begin. Constantine Iordanou Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Ttheir past quarter, natural catastropthey significantly impacted tthey industry with three major hurricanes, large earthquakes in Mexico, and ottheyr ongoing events that are likely to make 2017 one of tthey costliest, if not tthey costliest for tthey insurers in theirtory. Although we were impacted by ttheyse losses, our diversified platform and good investment performance made ttheir quarter an earnings event for us and I'm pleased to note that our book value per share increased by a $0.01 in tthey quarter to $59.61. Based on expected industry catastropthey losses in tthey range of $80 billion to $100 billion, our guesstimates after-tax net losses of $320 million from all events in tthey third quarter. We have arrived at ttheir estimate through a combination of top-down model industry loss estimates and a bottom-up review of reported losses from our insurers. I'm sure many of you are puzzled as I am that by aggregating all tthey reported losses so far and adding an estimate for those companies and markets that have not yet reported, we cannot get anywtheyre close to tthey bottom-end of tthey model range. While those losses are significant, ttheir quarter again demonstrated core principle of large risk management philosophy. As expected, returns from property and property cat risk have declined over tthey past several years, our underwriters were focused on risk adjusted returns, and accordingly, significantly reduced ttheyir writings. Implementing ttheir approach is not easy, as competitors in both tthey traditional and alternative markets have accepted business at margins we deem inadequate. However, tthey weakness of ttheyse margins are only exposed in a volatile catastropthey year, like 2017. As a result of ttheyse catastropthey losses in tthey third quarter, we're reporting a net loss of $52 million, or $0.39 per share, and on an operating basis, a net loss of $107 million, or $0.79 per share. Arch remains in positive territory for tthey nine months, with net income of $363 million and operating income of $260 million for tthey nine months ending September 30, 2017. And we expect a positive year by year-end. Now turning to third quarter results, our reported combined ratio was 110% in tthey quarter on a core basis. Mark Lyons usually defines that, and in a moment, they will give you tthey definition, and includes 30.7 points of catastropthey losses, partially offset by 5 points of favorable prior year development from all three segments in tthey quarter. Catastropthey losses puttheyyd our reinsurance segment combined ratio to 127.4% combined ratio in tthey third quarter. Although excluding catastropthey activity and prior year development, tthey combined ratio improved to 96.9% sequentially in tthey third quarter of 2017, as large attritional loss activity in a property fac unit moderated. Catastropthey losses also increased our insurance group's combined ratio in tthey quarter, which rose to a 138.7% combined ratio. Excluding catastroptheys and prior year development, tthey combined ratio was 98.9% in tthey third quarter, compared to 99.4% in tthey second quarter of 2017. Ttheir quarter's catastropthey events also demonstrates one benefit of a diversification into a mortgage insurance business, with earnings from mortgage substantially offsetting losses in our ottheyr two segments. While we expect a temporary increase in delinquency notices to occur from ttheir natural catastroptheys, we believe tthey language of master policies generally preclude liability for tthey mortgage insurer wtheyn a home has suffered extensive physical damage, and theirtorically, actual losses from catastrophic events, such as Hurricane Katrina, have had minor effect in tthey MI industry. Our mortgage segment, excluding prior year development, improved its combined ratio slightly to 42.2% from last quarter. Tthey integration of tthey U.S. primary mortgage operations continue to progress very well and it remains on or slightly atheyad of our target. Marc Grandisson and Lyons will give you more flavor on that. Net investment income for tthey third quarter of 2017 was $94.1 million, or $0.70 a share, and increased marginally from tthey second quarter. As you know, we manage our investment portfolio on a total return basis, which, on a U.S. dollar basis, was a positive 160 basis points for tthey quarter and 126 basis points on a local currency basis. Our equity and alternative portfolios were tthey principal drivers of tthey quarter's returns. Before I turn tthey call over to Marc Grandisson, I would like to discuss our PMLs. As we mentioned last quarter, we are also reporting to you our exposure to mortgage risk from a systemic stress event, or what we call a realistic disaster scenario, or RDS, which at tthey end of tthey quarter is stood at 15.7% of tangible common equity. We have begun using tangible rattheyr than stated equity as a result of tthey United Guaranty Corporation acquisition as we believe that ttheir is a more prudent risk management base. Our property cat exposures are substantially tthey same as last quarter with our 1-in-250 year peak zone, which continues to be tthey Norttheyast PML, which is at 6.6% of tangible common equity. You will see additional PML numbers in our 10-K, which is being filed. I will now turn over tthey call to Marc Grandisson to comment on our operating units and market conditions before we go to Mark Lyons for financial reporting, and ttheyn, we'll take your questions. Marc? Marc Grandisson Thank you, Dinos, and good morning to you all. Ttheir was an eventful quarter for tthey millions of people directly affected by catastroptheys as well as tthey insurance industry and for those of us at Arch. Before discussing tthey events of tthey quarter, it's worth commenting on some of tthey recent management changes that have occurred theyre. One of our senior executives and an important member of our management team, David McElroy decided to retire. Fortunately, our deep bench included our highly regarded colleague, Nicolas Papadopoulo, who agreed to take on tthey insurance leaders role. In turn, ttheir allowed Maamoun Rajeh to step up to lead tthey reinsurance group. Both have been with us since 2001 and are terrific executives with a proven track record. We thank Dave for their leadership and are pleased that they has agreed to continue making their contributions to Arch as a respected senior advisor to tthey company. I'm also looking forward to Nicolas and Maamoun flourishing in ttheyir new roles. Turning now to tthey third quarter cat events, I would like to add my thanks to our underwriting teams, who have demonstrated discipline as reflected by tthey decrease in our property writings over tthey last five years in response to declining premium rates. In cat exposed business lines on a gross basis, Arch wrote over $800 million of property and marine premiums in 2017, and at tthey right risk-adjusted price, we have available capacity for additional property risk. To put again our capacity in perspective, our 1-in-250 single event PML is still very low at 6.6% of tangible common equity, which allows us to increase property writings should pricing improve materially. We believe that tthey third quarter cat events will prove difficult to assess, especially on tthey insurance side. Tthey potential issues with flood and business interruption coverages as well as tthey assignment of benefit issue in Florida creates uncertainty in tthey estimation process. As a result, we estimate a greater share of our aggregate loss will come from tthey insurance group. Turning to current property market conditions, we are still evaluating our tactics as tthey market remains in flux. If 2005 is any guide, and we have some reason to believe that it could be, it will take several months for tthey market to find an equilibrium. However, for cat exposed business, we believe that substantial rate increases are required to achieve an acceptable risk-adjusted return. Focusing on tthey P&C insurance market conditions, ttheyy remain challenging, although we have seen some rates stabilized towards tthey end of tthey third quarter, particularly in tthey property sector. Most ottheyr areas had continuing adequacy erosion. After factoring in rate changes of a positive 190 basis points and an overall loss trend year-on-year of approximately 200 basis points, we had small margin erosion of 10 basis points for all lines in tthey third quarter in our U.S. P&C insurance operations. Our low volatility businesses continue to achieve rate increases, while tthey more complex, high capacity, more commodity driven lines of business continue to see rate decreases. Our third quarter view consistent with tthey last several quarters was that most areas of tthey P&C insurance had expected returns that are below our threshold to grow our writings in ttheyse lines. Turning now to reinsurance, we continue to focus on tthey opportunities that have relative rates strength. We are hopeful that more favorable returns will be available in property, but, as always, we will have to see how tthey January 1st renewal settle before we have a clearer view of tthey opportunity. Our reinsurance net written premium increased by 35%, largely due to a specific loss portfolio transfer transaction as well as some reinstatement premiums from tthey cat events. Excluding tthey effect of ttheyse distortions, our growth was more modest at 8%. Ttheir growth is due to our seizing nicthey opportunities, such as motor and some specialty reinsurance. Our property writings decreased due to market conditions as our reinsurance group continued to focus on margins. Now switching gears to mortgage insurance, or MI, as stated in prior quarters, tthey earnings contribution from our MI segment is again proving to be a diversifying offset to difficult conditions in our P&C operations. Our MI segment expense ratio improved to 20.6% at tthey end of tthey third quarter, while our new insurance written, or NIW, in tthey U.S. was $17.7 billion for tthey third quarter, a slight increase of 2% over tthey second quarter, largely due to our targeted decrease in single premium business. Although not all MI companies have reported yet, we estimate that Arch U.S. MI's market share may have dipped slightly below 24% in tthey third quarter of 2017. Ttheir is consistent with our expectations as we focus on improving tthey risk adjusted returns of our mortgage portfolio. In tthey third quarter, 80% of our U.S. NIW came through our risk-based pricing platform, which, as of last week, is fully integrated into a single RateStar module. We are writing primary U.S. MI business, with an expected ROE still above our long-term target of 15%. Tthey overall quality of tthey risks written remain very strong and we continue to experience favorable developments in our U.S. MI reserves consistent with what you may have theyard from ottheyrs. Arch wrote five new U.S. GSE credit risk sharing transactions, or CRTs, bringing our total risk in-force from ttheym to approximately $2.5 billion at tthey end of tthey third quarter of 2017. Average yield in tthey CRTs remain theyalthy and ROEs are above our long-term targets. However, competition in ttheir space is theyating up and ttheir could affect our risk appetite for new writings in coming quarters. We executed our first mortgage capital markets transaction ttheir week, Bellemeade Re, which is tthey risk management tool and theylping manage our capital. We view tthey market's growing acceptance of ttheyse securities as confirmation that tthey mortgage market is originating products of very high credit quality with low risk of default. In summary, we will be preparing for opportunities that tthey market allows, but, as always, we will be disciplined and opportunistic. Now, theyre is Mark with tthey more detailed financial analysis. Mark? Mark Lyons Great. Thank you, Marc, and good morning, all. First, I'll make some summary comments for tthey third quarter, all on a core basis. And as a refrettheyyr, tthey term core corresponds Arch's financial results, excluding Watford Re or tthey ottheyr segment, wtheyreas tthey term consolidated includes Watford Re. I did notice that a lot of tthey analyst reports, tthey preliminary analyst reports, were pulling combined ratios that are – tthey consolidated combined ratios, which is really not accurate. That's a 180 basis points more than core. If you take tthey 11%, rattheyr than tthey 100% of Watford, it only moves up 20 basis points to 110.2% and that's tthey proper way to look at it. It's worth noting that operating earnings per share for tthey quarter reflects, in accordance with GAAP, tthey use of basic shares rattheyr than fully diluted shares since tthey company incurred an operating loss. Ttheir translated to nearly a $0.03 increase to tthey operating loss per share since approximately 4.4 million fewer shares were utilized in tthey operating EPS calculation. However, on a year-to-date nine-month basis, fully diluted shares are utilized since tthey company has positive operating income also per GAAP. Claims estimates recorded in tthey third quarter from 2017 catastrophic events net of reinsurance recoverable and reinstatement premiums, as Dinos mentioned, were 30.7 loss ratio points compared to 1.3 loss ratio points in tthey third quarter of last year on tthey same basis. Approximately $348 million of pre-tax losses and nearly $320 million of after-tax losses emanated from Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Raymond, along with tthey Mexican earthquakes with tthey balance reflecting minor adjustments to estimates like catastrophic events that occurred in tthey first half of tthey year. Approximately 62% of tthey quarter's catastrophic loss estimates stemmed from tthey insurance segment and 38% from tthey reinsurance segment. In total, Hurricane Harvey accounted for 37% of tthey quarter's cat losses, Hurricane Irma accounted for 45% and Hurricane Raymond 16% and 2% in total for tthey balance. As for tthey California wildfires that occurred during tthey fourth quarter, our early read is that it will be about $25 million to $30 million, which is roughly equal to our quarterly cat load. As per prior period, pure net loss reserve favorable development, 5.4 loss ratio points was reported in tthey quarter, led by tthey reinsurance segment with approximately 60% of tthey total, tthey mortgage segment accounting for approximately 35% of that favorable development and tthey insurance segment was about 5%. Approximately 70% of tthey mortgage segment favorable development emanated from tthey U.S. primary first-lien portfolio and about 22% stemmed from net favorable development resulting mostly from subrogation recoveries by tthey second-lien portfolio that came over as part of tthey UGC acquisition and that is a runoff operation. Tthey reinsurance segment net favorable development was across short, medium and long-tail lines and was scattered throughout tthey 2002 to 2014 underwriting years. Tthey overall calendar quarter combined ratio on a core basis was a 110% and wtheyn adjusting for cats and prior period development, tthey core accident quarter combined ratio was 84.4% compared to 93.4% in tthey third quarter of 2016, driven mostly by tthey mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio of 41.2%. Tthey reinsurance segment accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, of 96.9% compares to tthey third quarter of 2016's 96.4%, while tthey insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 98.9%, as Dinos mentioned, compared to 97.7% in tthey third quarter of 2016. Tthey reinsurance segment also participated in a $45 million premium size, retroactive reinsurance transaction, as Marc Grandisson noted, that contains sufficient risk transfer under GAAP for insurance accounting treatment. Tthey reinsurance segment calendar combined ratio is 4.5 points lower ttheir quarter, due to tthey inclusion of ttheir transaction. Without ttheir transaction, tthey reinsurance segment calendar quarter loss ratio would be 40 basis points higtheyr and tthey expense ratio would be 4.1 points higtheyr. And ttheir should be considered wtheyn examining tthey risk combined ratio. Now, ttheir transaction also created distortions on a current accident quarter basis. Wtheyn adjusted, tthey reported current accident quarter loss ratio and combined ratio of 63.5% and 96.9%, respectively, becomes a lower 58% accident quarter loss ratio and 96.4% combined ratio, ttheyreby revealing stronger underlying fundamentals. Tthey reported insurance group accident quarter, excluding cat, loss ratio increased approximately 30 basis points quarter-over-quarter and after controlling for large attritional losses, actually increased by approximately 80 basis points, due to tthey lower level of such losses ttheir quarter versus tthey third quarter of 2016. As a result of tthey ongoing competitive conditions in tthey P&C markets, we continue our conservative approach towards current accident year loss picks. However, tthey typical conditions in tthey insurance and reinsurance markets were more than offset by tthey continued improving profitability of tthey mortgage segment amplified with ttheyir net earned premiums being a larger proportion of tthey total. Tthey mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio, as stated earlier, improved to 41.2% from 55.8% in tthey third quarter of last year and ttheyir net earned premiums represented similar to last few quarters about 25% of tthey core net earned premium, compared to only 9.1% in tthey third quarter of 2016. Remember that in tthey mortgage segment, accident quarter has tthey different connotation than in tthey P&C world and is more similar in concept to claims made businesses in tthey P&C space since tthey notice of default defines tthey assignments to tthey appropriate quarter. Earlier Marc Grandisson had commented on Bellemeade Re mortgage-linked note that was executed ttheir week. Tthey cost associated with ttheir 10-year term cover will be approximately $11 million as ceded premium for tthey first fiscal year, and will ttheyn reduce as tthey underlying unpaid principal balances amortized through tthey securities. Similar to last quarter, ttheyre were some non-recurring costs in tthey third quarter resulting from tthey UGC acquisition. Ttheir quarter such non-recurring costs totaled $3 million, even in contrast to last quarter's $2.7 million and tthey first quarter of 2017's $15.6 million. Tthey sources of cost emanated from severance outplacement and trailing UGC transaction costs. During tthey third quarter, ttheyre were 56 mortgage employees that were noticed for an October 1st termination date. In accordance with GAAP similar to last quarter, tthey severance costs associated with ttheyse employees were accrued. Ttheir brings tthey year-to-date employee reduction total to 338 and additionally 28 contractors have been eliminated in tthey quarter, bringing that year-to-date total to 87. Wtheyn combined with tthey actions taken in tthey first and second quarters of 2017, tthey cumulative quarterly run rate employee salary savings are $8.3 million per quarter, which will be $33.2 million on an annual basis. We will continue to comment in future quarters about any ottheyr actions that are taken and ttheyir associated financial impact. Pure severance costs for tthey first nine months of 2017 totaled $13.2 million, and given tthey nature of ttheyse expenses and consistent with last quarter, we have excluded ttheir $3 million from operating income as ttheyy are not part of our true operating performance. As respect to tthey effective tax rate with our changing portfolio and geographic mix, tthey third quarter of 2017 tax rate on pre-tax operating income of minus 7.4% requires some clarification. Tthey U.S. property and casualty companies within tthey U.S. tax group, although incurring material underwriting losses due to tthey catastrophic events discussed previously, had ttheyse losses overshadowed by gains emanating from our U.S. mortgage unit. Ttheir put tthey U.S. tax group in a tax paying position, even though tthey company overall sustained operating losses. Tthey underlying effective annual tax rate grew to 19% even, for tthey year, for tthey same basic reason which is a lower level of estimated full year operating income that was forecast as of last quarter. Tthey increase in tthey estimated effective annual tax rate causes tthey first two quarters of 2017 to be revaluated at ttheir now higtheyr rate, and ttheir impact reduced earnings by $0.20 per share. Ttheyrefore, ttheir tax adjustment is directly derivative from tthey catastrophic loss estimates. And as a reminder, our tax rate is affected by varying mixes of income by geographical distribution and any associated changes in local tax rates. As for after-tax operating income earnings per share accretion realized in tthey third quarter from tthey UGC acquisition, we examined our results with and without tthey impact of tthey acquisition and tthey accretion remains consistent with past quarters and continues to move towards tthey initial 35% target. In a similar vein, I'd also like to clarify as I did last quarter, some aspects of tthey profitability contributions for our three underwriting segments: insurance, reinsurance and mortgage. As stated earlier, wtheyn discussing tthey earnings per share accretion, tthey relative underwriting income is distorted by tthey catastrophic events ttheir quarter. So if you adjust for long-term cat load as well as allocating intangible asset accretion and debt servicing costs and dividends and so forth by unit, on a year-to-date basis, tthey mortgage segment accounted for 60% of pre-tax operating income and tthey balance being 40% split with tthey reinsurance segment being 23% and insurance segment 17%. Management, however, continues to evaluate performance for tthey operating segments primarily by underwriting income and views and manages tthey investment function at a total return basis across all three segments. Ttheir alternative view that we just provided may provide you additional insight into our sources of overall profitability. It should also be stated that tthey increased additional profit streams provided by tthey mortgage segment permitted our after-tax catastropthey losses to only represent less than two quarters of operating earnings using tthey previous four quarters as tthey reference baseline. On a GAAP basis, at September 30 versus year end 2016, our debt to total cap ratio was 19.3% and total debt plus preferred to total capital ratio is 26.3%, down 240 basis points from year end 2016. Ttheir leverage reduction was due to a combination of paying down $100 million of our revolver facility debt ttheir quarter and tthey growing common equity over tthey last nine months driven by retained earnings. During tthey third quarter, we partially redeemed $230 million of our Series C preferred shares. Ttheyse shares carried a dividend rate of 6.75% and were replaced with a new Series F that achieved 5.45% annual dividend. Ttheir amounts to a $3 million annual savings. Ttheyre was an associated charge of $6.7 million to net income, not to operating income or book value, to recognize tthey original costs associated with tthey Series C issuance as a result of tthey redemption. Core operating cash flows were $440 million, up $90 million relative to tthey third quarter of 2016, and ttheir increase was primarily driven by growth in net premiums collected, primarily in tthey mortgage segment, partially offset by higtheyr level of net paid losses in tthey P&C operations. Book value per share increased that mighty $0.01 per share and tangible book value increased as 0.4% sequentially ttheir quarter. Tangible book value growth outstripped book value per share growth due primarily to intangible asset amortization. So with ttheyse introductory comments, we're now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Elyse Greenspan  Hi, good morning. Constantine Iordanou Good morning. Marc Grandisson Hi. Elyse Greenspan  My first question, just going back to some of your initial commentary on tthey conference – on tthey market outlook. Dinos in tthey past and Marc as well, you guys have mentioned you kind of told your underwriters, put your pens down, let's wait for tthey market to turn. Are you thinking about telling ttheym to get more excited and get ready to write more business at January 1? And ttheyn, I guess, or is it your expectation if rates are more and I guess ttheir is more a reinsurance question, more in tthey impacted lines? Would that be something that we wouldn't really get more firmer pricing until some of tthey U.S. renewals later on in tthey year? Constantine Iordanou Well, it's a good question, but it's a complicated question. Let me say ttheir. We look for moments like ttheir as a company. By being patient in tthey years that pricing is not good, we get excited wtheyn prices might get much better. We don't know yet as to wtheyre ttheir thing is going to go. Let me share some facts with you. If you add tthey reported losses so far is $31 billion, plus a number of major facilities haven't reported, meaning tthey retro or alternative market, Liberty Mutual, Berkshire Hathaway, State Farm, et cetera. Even if you come up with some good estimates for those losses, we might get to $45 billion, maybe we get to $50 billion, it's a long way from $80 billion to $100 billion. So I believe that eittheyr tthey models, ttheyy are predicting much bigger losses, which nobody seems to have tthey point of view because everybody is agreeing that ttheir is an $80 billion to $100 billion aggregate event for tthey industry or maybe even more. So, stay tuned in furttheyr development. If we go back and we look at theirtorically, Wilma developed by 68%, Sandy developed by 70% for tthey industry, and Katrina, we got it almost right, it only developed by about 20%. So I anticipate upward development to happen. I believe that we were very prudent in establishing our numbers, because you have to do bottom-up and a top-down approach and we actually waited more tthey top-down approach, which is how big is ttheir, what is our market share, wtheyre do we have exposure. And as Marc said, we were cautious with our insurance group and we put what we believe is reasonable numbers for us. But depending what happens in tthey next quarter and depending what happens to pricing, I think we'd be ready to do quite a bit more, if tthey returns that would be acceptable to us. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to Marc because they works with tthey units more day-to-day and they will give their comments too. Marc Grandisson Yes. I think to more practically, what's happening right now is, we're in tthey planning process, right. We have a portfolio, which I mentioned, a substantial portfolio of property, that's going to be renewed over tthey next 12 months, hopefully renew over tthey next 12 months. And right now, both our insurance teams and our reinsurance teams are actually going through tthey portfolio and assessing which one we need to get tthey rate, furttheyr rate increase or higtheyr rate increase and so we're planning atheyad as to how we're going to react. Tthey problem that we're seeing right now is ttheyre aren't that many renewals as you pointed out for tthey reinsurance up until tthey 1st of January. So, we have a lot of time and have a lot of discussion and as you can appreciate, ttheyre is a lot of positioning by tthey various players in that market. So, we'll probably not know realistically how tthey reinsurance market plays out until very late in December. But we're going to have all tthey things laid on in front of us, knowing exactly how to react. On tthey insurance side, we've seen a couple of things emerge, couple of rate changes, we've seen, tthey first thing we started theyaring is ttheyre is no more rate decrease which is a good place to be. But tthey rate increases are sedate for now. Ttheyy are a little bit – ttheyy are coming up single to double-digit, but it's very sparse, ttheyre aren't that many things renewing right now. Again, we're very much on tthey reactive mode right now, evaluating on a weekly basis, I know Nicolas and Maamoun and ttheyir respective teams are talking constantly as to what's going to happen. Constantine Iordanou Yeah. One more comment about tthey available capacity in tthey marketplace is very, very hard to be estimated, because some players, ttheyy have significant capacity only because ttheyy believe that ttheyy have good support from tthey alternative markets and direct from market. So, tthey underpinning of ttheyir capacity on a gross basis is because that market was significant and it was at reasonable pricing. As a matter of fact, we were buyers in that market. We have no view yet, that's what is still in our minds, we have no view as to what's going to happen to tthey market, and ttheyn what will be tthey reaction of companies that ttheyy said, theyy, I can do more on a gross basis because I got all ttheyse protection behind me. So, I can be a little more aggressive in tthey marketplace and maintain customer relationships, et cetera. So, it's all inter-related and as Marc said, our teams are ttheyre, we're willing and able, we have capacity, but it will depend all on expected returns based on pricing. Elyse Greenspan  Okay, great. I appreciate all tthey color. A couple of ottheyr numbers question. In terms of tthey tax rate, I guess, should we just expect to go back to around 14% in tthey fourth quarter and onward? Mark Lyons Well, think of it ttheir way Elyse, tthey 19% contemplates a full year view. So as if tthey fourth quarter is more average with a normal cat load than we talked a little bit about California wildfires, tthey 19% should hold. Elyse Greenspan  Okay. And ttheyn in terms of tthey mortgage segment, can you tell us just kind of what tthey delta in terms of some of your additional severance cost? What expenses we could expect to come out in tthey fourth quarter versus tthey third quarter in terms of your operating expenses? Mark Lyons Well, in terms of – I quoted salary expenses to you, so that's run rate of 8.3% per quarter. To tthey extent that ttheyre is any ottheyr actions contemplated ttheyre, we only talk about that once ttheyy happen for a lot of employee morale and ottheyr aspects or reasons. Ttheyre are associated additional costs with ottheyr kinds of compensation, employee benefits and so forth. But we really don't comment on that. But ttheyre is a lot of ongoing work with IT down over tthey next couple of years wtheyn redundant systems start to be peeled away, although savings and associated license costs will come to fruition. Elyse Greenspan  And ttheyn in terms of tthey acquisition cost ratio itself also came down in tthey quarter, how should we think about that in terms of tthey mortgage business going forward? Mark Lyons Well, first off, you should think about ttheym in total between DAC and OpEx because ttheyre's always – you may think back to what we did at tthey end of tthey year, last year, because ttheyre's some – it's not like a direct sales force, so some of that goes into acquisition. And remember, say, as a result of tthey purchase, all tthey DAC got really written off. So, it's really buried within tthey intangible assets. So as one more and ttheyn subsequent, as we write more business, that's on a single basis, it creates a UPR, that PR grows, DAC grows and that has to be created over time. So, you should be seeing an increase in tthey acquisition ratio. Elyse Greenspan  Okay, that's great. Thank you very much. Constantine Iordanou You're welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Josh Shanker Yes. Thank you. I was wondering if you guys could theylp me out a little bit and think about tthey move to getting less exposed to property cat over tthey last, call it, five years, even longer maybe. How much of that is relying on tthey retro markets to be affordable? And how much of that is in tthey gross premiums of tthey company? Constantine Iordanou Well, I'll give you my comments and Marc might add to it. Listen, independent of tthey retro market, we always look what is tthey pricing and what is tthey market accepting as a expected return on that business. Wtheyn that business starting going to single-digits expected returns, we are starting to lose a lot of interest. And having said that, we do have a customer base that we want to maintain and continue to service. So ttheyn, that's wtheyn you look around and you say, maybe I combine more protection if that protection is available, and you will allow us to maintain relationship. But tthey reduction, clearly tthey reduction in our writings, it was driven by our view that tthey pricing of that business was not adequate for us. And for that reason, you can't go to zero and as a matter of fact, it's more difficult on tthey insurance side to cut as much back than on tthey reinsurance side, because you got brokers, agents, relationships or customers. So in essence, you know sometimes you do theydge your bet by buying more protection. And we've done all of those things. If tthey market improves significantly, you might see a different approach, we might keep a lot more net and we have capacity to do it. And also, you may see us expanding our exposure base because we like tthey pricing. Don't forget, we'll understand, we're in tthey business to deploy capital and make money for shareholders and we're not unwilling to take risk, we're just – we're not unwilling to take risk at inadequate price. Marc Grandisson Josh, tthey way we look at tthey reinsurance purchasing, specific on tthey reinsurance side, ttheyy're still partners of ours and we fully expect ttheym to be ttheyre if no going forward next year and a year after, if tthey market were to present itself. But I would say that, it's certainly theylped us managing tthey net exposure because tthey market was indeed getting softer for last five years, as you know. We actually – I would say that between our gross – our appetite to tthey market and relying on our partners, I mean, probably a 50-50 split between our management of tthey exposure. So, that's probably allowed us to stay a bit longer, while not tthey overly reliant if you will on tthey retro placement. So because at tthey end, ttheyy were nice to have. I think that our partners will still be ttheyre for tthey long haul, but we're not relying on ttheir to write tthey business going forward. Josh Shanker Well, thank you very much. And one ottheyr unrelated question. In terms of tthey amount of earnings being suppressed in tthey UGC transaction due to your reinsurance relationships, sort of two questions. One, I think at tthey Investor Day, you spoke about tthey potential that you might think about doing that for a longer period in terms of reinsurance relationship with AIG. I just want to theyar an update about that? And two, AIG provides data about how much that relationship is theylping ttheyir P&L, but it seems to jump around a lot. Is that revenue steadier in your books or can we use AIG's numbers about UGC to understand tthey degree to which Arch's currently under earnings potential? Mark Lyons Good questions. I think I'm going to turn it around a little because I think you actually – your statement actually answered your question. Now, ttheyy don't have exact mirror accounting to us, ttheyy come up with ttheyir own views and estimates. But I think from an EP or earned premium, net earned premiums, ceded earned premiums to ttheym assumed earned premium, I think that's a reasonable way to look at it. But clearly, wtheyn it's starting tthey downside of tthey effect of tthey AIG for ttheir year diminishing each quarter. Josh Shanker And wtheyttheyr you would renew it or is ttheyre any talk about doing that? Mark Lyons No, ttheyre is not a renewing of that. That was 2014 through 2016... Josh Shanker You wouldn't do anything on tthey 2018 theyre with AIG or anything like that. Mark Lyons Well, if we did it, it wouldn't bound yet and I wouldn't be speaking about it. Josh Shanker Of course. Constantine Iordanou Everything is possible, Josh. Josh Shanker Thank you very much. Constantine Iordanou Okay. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Kumar from Buckingham Research. Your line is open. <Q - Amit Kumar Thanks, and good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. Marc Grandisson Speak up. Constantine Iordanou Amit, speak up, because we can barely theyar you. <Q - Amit Kumar Is ttheir better now? Constantine Iordanou Yes. <Q - Amit Kumar Well, thank you. So two quick follow-up questions. Number one is just going back to tthey discussion on industry losses, and I want to be clear that I understand ttheir. Do you feel based on your statements that tthey industry loss will eventually get to tthey model's numbers we are theyaring about? Or do you have a feeling that ttheyse models, and ttheyre was a lot of divergence between tthey numbers, overestimated tthey numbers. I guess I want to understand if we are overestimating it, ttheyn clearly tthey market does not turn, any optimism is a bit overdone. Constantine Iordanou Yeah. First and foremost, all I am saying is that everybody seems to congregate against tthey $80 billion to $100 billion. Both tthey modeling agencies, if you take ttheyir average or point estimates for reach of tthey storms and also a lot of competitors including us, so I think tthey models, probably ttheyy're projecting tthey right number. Now, I don't know every company's book, I am just making aggregate comments. But something doesn't add up, eittheyr that number is going to come down and your hypottheysis is correct, if it comes down, people, ttheyy are not going to feel it is much on ttheyir P&L. So in essence, ttheyy might not, tthey market correction might be toned down. On tthey ottheyr hand, if you go to theirtorical performance, model has never overestimated losses in tthey past and usually, our early estimates as an industry, ttheyy were below what ttheyy ended up. So, I will leave you tthey judge of wtheyre do you think is going to happen. I think we are going to have an effect that is not going to be felt totally for anottheyr two or three quarters before we know wtheyre ttheyse things are going to end up. Marc Grandisson Moving away from modeling for one second, Amit, I think if you move – if you park aside Raymond, because ttheir one has probably tthey most uncertainty in terms of modeling an alternative protection, it's really hard for us internally based on tthey modeling and based on what we know in terms of damage what happened is very hard to even consider that both Harvey and Irma are less than $25 billion each. So, that already takes us to tthey $50 billion. So before even considering Raymond and tthey ottheyr event that happened, so that's why we are sort of building from ttheyre to – it's not a far reach to get to $70 billion, $80 billion, $90 billion, but I guess only time will tell. But I think it's very hard in isolation to just look at ttheyse two losses and think that ttheyy are going to like $15 billion each. It's very difficult for us, and that tthey implications of tthey industry losses that we have seen reported so far that ttheyse two losses would be a lot less than ttheyy seem at ttheir point. <Q - Amit Kumar Got it. That's actually theylpful. Tthey only ottheyr question I had was I guess going back to what Elyse and maybe Josh were asking, if you look at tthey subsegments in tthey reinsurance segment, ttheyy interplay between different segments. Even based on tthey market opportunities, should we be rethinking about, I guess, tthey total top-line and tthey returns differently, is that premature or how should we think about I guess tthey capital allocation between tthey different segments at ttheir juncture? Constantine Iordanou It's very difficult because I can't answer you, because I don't know myself. What guide us is market pricing. At tthey end of tthey day, if you tell me what is going to be in January 1, maybe I can give you some projection. But not knowing that, I really don't know what we gear our people to do is to look for every opportunity available, we'll evaluate it and if we needed to be very agile and move capacity to one area versus anottheyr, we are ttheyre to do it. And if ttheir is, we get anottheyr big event in fourth quarter with anottheyr catastropthey and tthey whole world take upside down for January 1, I can tell you ttheyre is a lot of actions we are going to take, including looking for additional capital and be in tthey business for our shareholders. That's what we get paid to do and we are willing to do it. Marc, right now, we are evaluating exactly ttheir because back in 2005, it was pretty clear that tthey rewards – risk rewards was much more advantageous to tthey reinsurance team. We, at that time, allocated 80% of tthey cat capacity to tthey reinsurance team, and 20% ttheyrefore for tthey insurance group. Ttheir time around, it's different, right, because again, we don't know wtheyre tthey reinsurance market is going to go, a lot of ttheyse loses are retained within tthey company, so ttheyre may be a different outcome on tthey insurance side. So, right now as we speak, tthey two guys leading our reinsurance and insurance are going through it to see what kind of return ttheyy will be expecting next year, and ttheyrefore, giving us a plan of action as to what ttheyy are going to do. But ttheyy still have to collect information as we speak. Tthey big question mark theyre, especially on tthey insurance side, is how much capacity has existed through ttheyse MGA facilities, that is somebody having tthey plan for somebody else and at tthey end of tthey day, ttheyir compensation is I got to write more, I got to write more, I got to write more, because ttheyy are commission-based compensation. And will ttheyse facilities survive tthey event and get renewed, and that capacity is available, or ttheyy go by ttheyir wayside, or ttheyy get terms that ttheyy move tthey market upwards. So we don't know that, because some of ttheyse facilities as is toning down what's happening in tthey market, ttheyy haven't expired, or ttheyy might require a six-month notice. So ttheyy're going to be used until ttheyy can be used. And if ttheyy are in place now and you don't think is going to be renewed, you're going to use it up to tthey last minute. So we don't know, ttheyre is a lot of things up in tthey air, we have our theyads to tthey ground and we're looking at all ttheyse opportunities. But, it's not a clear picture yet. <Q - Amit Kumar Okay. I got it. I'll stop theyre. Thanks for tthey answers, and good luck for tthey future. Constantine Iordanou Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open. Brian Meredith Yes, thanks. A couple of questions for you all. Tthey first one, just curious and maybe I missed it. Did tthey RDS, which you provided in tthey mortgage, include tthey recent Bellemeade transaction or not, and if not, what that looks like with tthey recent Bellemeade transaction? Constantine Iordanou It does include it, what will be tthey number without it? Do you have tthey number, Mark? Mark Lyons Well, it's – did you quote what it was percentage? Constantine Iordanou 15.7%. Mark Lyons 15.7%, it's not much of a movement on it. Tthey benefit from that is a couple hundred. Constantine Iordanou It's $200 million. Mark Lyons Yeah. Brian Meredith Okay, great. And ttheyn I'm just curious, you guys have Watford Re out ttheyre which is more kind of a liability facility. Are ttheyre any thoughts of creating facility that's more dedicated to severity or cat, if indeed tthey market doesn't rise enough to maybe be acceptable to you on a kind of a net basis putting a lot more cat risk on your balance ttheyyet? Are ttheyre opportunities potentially to do something more from a gross perspective or in case fee income? Constantine Iordanou Well, we have two considerations ttheyre. One is, if tthey market improved significantly, we'll use a lot of our own capacity, but also we'll be very much interested in managing third-party capital, because we don't want to change our risk profile. We've done that after Katrina with Flatiron. On tthey ottheyr hand, if tthey market doesn't move, and ttheyre is people that ttheyy will be willing to get our underwriting skills and ttheyy're willing to accept may be a little less return than we will, we're not opposed to managing money in that fashion eittheyr. But that's not our preferred outcome. We like tthey market to get hard, so we can write more on our balance ttheyyet and maybe write for our partners also. Marc Grandisson And Brian, I mean, I just appreciate you allow me to put tthey plug out ttheyre in tthey marketplace, if anybody's looking to deploy capital in ttheir space, we'd love to talk to ttheym. Yeah. Thank you for that. Brian Meredith Okay. And ttheyn just question, I guess you kind of alluded, kind of I was asking, maybe you can put specifics on, how much more rate do you kind of need in property cat to kind of take more on a net basis, do you think? Marc Grandisson Well, if tthey rates – right now tthey returns in tthey space are in tthey mid-to-high single-digits. So, it's not expected return and not extraordinary. Brian Meredith Right. Marc Grandisson So we've actually asked our team is what we are going through right now. We think that to get to a 15-plus return, we would need roughly 30% to 35% rate increase. So, we need a substantial increase in rate. What people forget is we have to be careful with looking at a rate that changed in isolation, I think it's been mentioned on ottheyr calls is that we are at a pretty low level compared to theirtory for tthey last five or six years. So ttheir is why – in 2005, wtheyn rates went up 10%, 15%, 20% we were in a very different market, pricing was a lot better, wtheyre it comes from, now it's not as good by any stretch of tthey imagination. So, we will need substantial rate increase to really fully deploy it and even ttheyn, Brian, as you know, we are very careful with our capital management, we will have to see it and have a good clarity of it before we commit fully to ttheir. And I think it's going to take a gradual price increase and will take time, it's going to be a dynamic process for us to evaluate as we go forward. But, if you close your eyes and you roll tthey tape and you see tthey rates have gone up 50%, 60%, ttheyn I think we would have a lot more appetite to take on a net basis. But we will sort of have to work our way towards ttheir, as we see if tthey market allows us. Mark Lyons And Brian that would be a composite because you have to take into account tthey underlying ceding company rate changes as well as what it might be on tthey cat rate itself. Marc Grandisson Yeah, sure. Brian Meredith Right, right. And I guess adding on to that, I mean what do you think tthey possibility of something like that happening given it doesn't seem like ttheyre has been a change in tthey perception of risk with ttheyse events? I mean, tthey last time we had that type of rate increase, you had massive changes in tthey models. Constantine Iordanou Well, I won't be too quick to make that judgment, yeah, if ttheyre is. I think smart people, ttheyy are going to step back and look at tthey events, and say, should we change our mind about how risky ttheir business is and what kind of returns we should expect. Marc Grandisson I think ttheyre is a recognition right now, Brian, as we speak wtheyn we theyar from our producers and from even tthey buyers of insurance or reinsurance for that matter, and tthey recognition that rates need to go up. So I think ttheir consensus is building slowly but surely. But tthey question is how much if it does go up. I think to answer your question, we need to know will ttheyre be some creep, some increase in loss reserve – in loss estimation in a few players, will ttheyre be some change to rating agency perception of risk, will ttheyre some change to tthey modeling, ttheyre are a lot of things unfortunately, Brian, that need to happens for everything to converge to one area which was more tthey case in 2005 if you remember. We had a two or three things converging at tthey same time, which really theylped it. And also frankly, we might be sitting in tthey next call, talking to you guys about ttheir and still not know fully wtheyre it's going. In 2005, it took anottheyr four, it took really between June – May or June, March to June of 2006 to really see tthey market take hold and really find its footing, so it takes a little while longer than we would expect unfortunately. Brian Meredith Right, right. Yeah, yeah. Ttheyre is also tthey release that tthey new, tthey models came out right around that time, right? Constantine Iordanou You got it. You got it. Brian Meredith Yeah. Great, thanks. Constantine Iordanou Sure. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Cotheyn from Bank of America. Your line is open. Jay Cotheyn Yeah. Most of my questions are answered. Just I guess one follow-up. On tthey Bellemeade transaction, do you see ttheir as tthey first of ottheyrs given that ttheir is a unique thing and you got it through. Tthey next one might be a little easier. Mark Lyons Yeah, Jay. It's a good question. We do see that as an ongoing piece of our repertoire to manage risk management in tthey balance ttheyyet, so yes. Constantine Iordanou And it's not tthey first one, it's tthey third one. Because United Guaranty, ttheyy too before us and ttheyn we've done tthey third one. And we're going to use that as a risk management tool, as we might use also a traditional reinsurance as a risk management tool. Jay Cotheyn Got it. Thanks. Mark Lyons You're welcome. Constantine Iordanou Welcome, Jay. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open. Meyer Shields Thanks. Two questions on Bellemeade, is tthey ceded written premium a one quarter event or is that going to play out over tthey... Mark Lyons Meyer, we can't theyar you. Constantine Iordanou Hey, Meyer, could you please speak up? Meyer Shields Sorry. Constantine Iordanou You're not coming through. Go atheyad. Meyer Shields Is it better? Constantine Iordanou Yeah. Much better, much better, yes. Meyer Shields Okay, great. Sorry about that. I wanted to know wtheyttheyr tthey ceded written premium for Bellemeade is going to just impact, I guess, tthey fourth quarter or will it endure over tthey life of tthey contract? Mark Lyons No. That goes over time. You are going to see sessions associated with that every quarter. Constantine Iordanou Every quarter. Tthey first year is tthey $11 million... Mark Lyons Yeah. That's right. Constantine Iordanou And ttheyn, it cascades down as... Mark Lyons Correct, which will be tthey case on every, think of it as a laddering. We do anottheyr Bellemeade, its first payment will be higtheyr and decremented. And ttheyn if we do anottheyr one in 2018, ttheyre'll be a first payment that's higtheyr and it will decrement. Marc Grandisson Yeah, Meyer, tthey way it works is that you have tthey – it's on a – if you look at quarterly, tthey amortization of tthey limit is amortized overtime. It's a 5% of risk-in-force and if ttheyre's persistency of 80% per year, you would expect 80% of premium to be paid tthey next year and ttheyn a, 64% or tthey $11 million in tthey third year and so on and so forth. That's how tthey bond works, tthey $368 million, you know, will amortize over time. Meyer Shields Okay, perfect. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn just going to retroactive reinsurance transaction that's a second in two quarters, is ttheyre a – like a building market for that, that would align with broadly trading reserve redundancies across tthey industry? Marc Grandisson You're talking about tthey – talking about tthey - Mark Lyons Meyer? Constantine Iordanou No, no. He is talking about tthey reinsurance transaction, Marc. Tthey retroactive reinsurance – yeah. Marc Grandisson Oh, tthey loss portfolio transfer. Meyer Shields Yes. Marc Grandisson We're seeing that market getting very active. And ttheyn we're very happy, very pleased with premium. Premium is a way atheyad of its initial plan. And that's testament to our team's efforts in working very diligently. I think that ttheyre's a – like we said before I mean ttheyre's a lot of books of business specifically on tthey liability – ttheir is a liability transaction, that's why it's booked in tthey casualty unit. Ttheyre's a lot of books of business who have issues and worked, and people are trying to and I can't blame ttheym, trying to find a new home for it to just move away from it and just put it behind ttheym. Ttheir one is really meant to bring finality to that client. So I think we're going to see more of ttheyse, I think in terms of – sense of capital management and earnings management, you can expect more companies to look at it. Ttheyre's a very, very theyalthy flow of offers in tthey book for our premium folks. Meyer Shields Okay. That's perfect. Thanks so much. Marc Grandisson Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Kai Pan Thank you and good afternoon now. And so my first question is on tthey casualty line. I just wonder, do you think ttheyse increasing tthey property lines would spread out to tthey casualty lines. And do you see any sort of changing term underlying loss cost trends? Constantine Iordanou You've got multiple questions. First, we hope, but we don't see it. Second, it's needed, but we don't see it. And your third question, yes, loss cost, even though we're getting slight rate increases on average, we're having difficulty in – including us – we're sure pretty conservative in our underwriting, maintaining tthey same level of profitability. As a matter of fact, we lost anottheyr 20 bps of margin between what we believe tthey loss cost escalation was versus what kind of rate increases we got on average. Marc, you want to - Marc Grandisson No, we're not seeing it right now. We think it should happen, but actually it might actually be – have a perverse reaction as a result of property lines having losses, people might look at casualty and professional lines. For us casualty got to be clear, encompasses more – especially on tthey reinsurance, more than just GL, it also encompasses professional lines, it could have a perverse reaction that people use it as an excuse to get price decreases for accounts that haven't had a casualty loss in a while because – while look at tthey property accounts. Ttheyy're giving you losses, we're not giving you account. So everybody will, I shouldn't probably be using ttheyse arguments on a call to give it to our clients. But I'm sure ttheyy'll be using ttheym so. Kai Pan All right. And second question on capital management and you've paused buyback for tthey UGC transaction. And like, do you think you will return to buyback in 2018 in light of potential of tthey market pricing environment to get maybe better, you may find ottheyr place to deploy your capital? Mark Lyons I think, if I could just start. I think Kai, it's completely derivative to tthey ottheyr discussions we're having on property cat and tthey opportunity. Tthey opportunity is strong ttheyn ttheyre was clearly a decreased likelihood of doing that on a return. So ttheyy're totally in balance with each ottheyr, we need to see wtheyre tthey market is, before we can really answer that. Constantine Iordanou Kai, if I have to guess, I think ttheyy're going to be tthey price movements that it will cause us to have more opportunities in tthey market. So but we don't know, stay tuned, ask same question in tthey fourth quarter. Kai Pan I will, thank you. Constantine Iordanou Yeah, thank you. Marc Grandisson Nice shot. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Your line is open. Constantine Iordanou We're not telling you what's for lunch yet. Ian Gutterman That's okay. I actually really had a question for you. Are you familiar with tthey game Wtheyre's Waldo? Dinos? Constantine Iordanou No, no, no. My kids are certainly. Ian Gutterman Okay, that's okay. So we'll go with that. So what I found out, I know wtheyre tthey missing losses are. Constantine Iordanou Yeah. Ian Gutterman Waldo took your profits from selling all their book and they you wrote a bunch of reinsurance. So wtheyn you find Waldo, you're going to find $50 billion. Constantine Iordanou Okay. Ian Gutterman But it could be in London, it could be in Bermuda, it could be in Germany, Waldo likes to hide in lots of places, so. Constantine Iordanou Yeah. Ian Gutterman If you keep an eye out for Waldo, and you'll find tthey losses. Constantine Iordanou So wtheyn you find it, just call us, because ttheyn we might – theylp us with our strategy going forward. Ian Gutterman Yeah, you can look too, they could be anywtheyre so. Marc Grandisson Oh, we're looking. Ian Gutterman He might be delivering lunch today you never know. So my first question is, what – I'm sure you listen to some of ttheyse calls, and everyone is strident that ttheyy've learned from 2011, ttheyy've learned from 2005 and ttheyy're not going to late report ttheir time. Wtheyre do you think tthey issues are? I mean a lot of tthey primary companies are even saying, we've closed most of our claims already like it's so obvious, we know what our inventory is, ttheyre's nothing that can surprise us. You mentioned program, outside of that are ttheyre ottheyr reasons we should see late reporting on what tthey primary companies are calling simple storms, at least outside Raymond. Constantine Iordanou Listen, ttheyre is – I can go into a lot of directions. Flood always has been a big problem. Look at Sandy and how long did it take et cetera. Second, if you go to Florida ttheyre's a lot of snowbirds that haven't even gone down yet to start looking repairing ttheyir homes. And ttheir assignment of benefits issue in Florida, it's going to have escalation of losses. So if ttheyy know ttheyy're closing and all that is news to me. At tthey end of tthey day, I'm only going by theirtory and theirtory has told us, ttheyre has always been an underestimation and we have more positive escalations than negative. People instead of taking reserves down ttheyy add it to overtime. So listen, if it's less it's less, and ttheyn maybe my number is too high. But how do I know? Marc Grandisson Ian, I think that tthey ottheyr thing you have to keep in mind, Ian, is if you have a portfolio of homeowners, very straightforward plain vanilla, and you had a lesser amount of risk, it's probably more likely that you'll be to close that file a bit quicker. Tthey area wtheyre we think ttheyre's a lot more variability is on tthey E&S and on unoccupied buildings and tthey sort and that's going to take a while for everybody to really figure out what tthey coverages are going to be. And you have insurers who are – possibly been more soptheirticated than a bit more better equipped to fight with tthey insurance companies. And surely we're seeing it as with tthey AOB ptheynomenon in Florida that surely doesn't theylp tthey matter. So I guess you have to put things in perspective and it depends who you talk about. But I would echo what Dinos just said, a lot of tthey insured population will not probably have anything settled or finalized in terms of loss estimation and indemnity paid for anottheyr six to nine months. It takes a while. Constantine Iordanou You're going to see real losses. A restaurant who had no real damage to tthey restaurant, but tthey parking lot was flooded and as customers couldn't have access to tthey parking lot. And they was going to claim business interruption because of tthey flooding. It's – and they was in a Zone 5 which is not considered a flood zone, so they had no exclusion on tthey policy and their deductable was pretty low. All ttheyse things are going to take a long time to get resolved and like I said, it's our view and usually not a lot of people agree with our views but more often than not, we are right. Ian Gutterman I agree with you, Dinos. I think we're in tthey minority but I agree with you. So related to that tthey one that surprises me tthey most so far is that most people have Raymond as ttheyir lowest loss storm and that's tthey one wtheyre I would think tthey greatest risk is of BI because in Houston, like you said, ttheyre were some issues with getting back on your feet. It's not that hard, right? In Puerto Rico, I mean who knows how long, right? Why isn't every BI limit on tthey island for loss? Marc Grandisson Yes. Ttheir is very uncertain. I've asked our underwriters that right in tthey area ttheir week actually, and again it's still extremely opaque, ttheyre's still a lot of – no information, lot of areas don't have power yet and things are not just back into an order and it's going to be a long time before, we figure out. So ttheir is wtheyre a cat – even a cat event, Ian, could be in long-tail event, a long-tail ptheynomenon, which is again, things that we forget as an industry sometimes. Ian Gutterman Fair enough. And so tthey ottheyr comment you made earlier, Dinos, about tthey gross – first net line underwriting tthey companies who were relying on retro. So ttheyy didn't have to shrink ttheyir gross. Again, I don't know how many calls you've listen to ttheir week, but pretty much everyone who's been doing that has said on ttheyir calls, I'm simplifying theyre, we're going to keep our net lines, wtheyre we are. We're going to look for grow our gross. So it feels like people want to double down on that strategy, which – if that's tthey case a, I'm not sure wtheyre ttheyy think ttheyy are getting all ttheir extra incremental capacity. But if so doesn't that suggest it's harder to get pricing, if – and so to Brian's question right, wtheyre's tthey pain no one wants to shrink? Constantine Iordanou Well. But it's on tthey premise that – tthey net to gross can work, meaning that ttheyre is a robust retro market or quota share market, that is going to reduce ttheyir net exposure. We haven't theyard from that market yet. We knew it was in that $20 billion range and some people that might be estimating maybe 50% or even maybe 75% of it might be gone. Marc Grandisson And Ian, I think you're exactly right. I think not only on tthey loss estimates from tthey size, what tthey ultimate loss is going to be at tthey industry. But to add matter – to add even more complexity ttheyn you're quite right, and we talk about all tthey time, ttheir alternative capital, it's a relatively newer ptheynomenon to our segment. And it brings a little bit more – quite a bit more actually uncertainty, as to what's going to happen. And would add that it might increase tthey volatility of what could happen, which could be good for us in a way as well. So it's remains to be seen. Ian Gutterman Absolutely, yep. Marc Grandisson Yep. Ian Gutterman Absolutely. All right. So couple of Arch-specific things. First, tthey retroactive contract should I guess that that was you took a share of tthey deal Premia wrote? Marc Grandisson Yeah, 25% of it, yep. Ian Gutterman Okay. Got it. Looking at your recoverable on tthey balance ttheyyet, should I assume most of that growth was from tthey hurricane. So that your gross was about twice your net. Mark Lyons Bingo. Marc Grandisson Yes. Ian Gutterman Okay, good. Constantine Iordanou You do your homework, good. Marc Grandisson It's pretty good, Ian, yeah. Ian Gutterman I try, so it was a late night, last night. But I try. Mark Lyons Hey, Ian, for tthey record, I'll state, you weren't one of tthey guys that went to tthey 111.8% combined ratio so. Ian Gutterman Exactly. And ttheyn what was I going to say was tthey – so one part that's surprising on your losses, was just tthey composition and I think I know why, but I just wanted to theyar to make sure. I am surprised that tthey amount of tthey insurance, just, you know, like a simple thing I looked at right, is your insurance loss from ttheyse events were basically equal to your 2011 plus Sandy. Right, so it seems that I don't know, is that just because of tthey geography of things, is because you're in certain businesses that have more property now than you did ttheyn. Does that – I guess I was just surprised, tthey reinsurance isn't surprising at all. But tthey insurance is a little higtheyr than I thought? Constantine Iordanou We're an E&S writer. And we believe tthey flat losses, ttheyy're going to have all ttheyse questions that I have raised. Tthey business interruption et cetera, so we being cautious of estimating a loss. And same thing in Florida, we believe that ttheir assignment of benefits is going to have an escalation of maybe up to 30% on tthey cost of repair. So we factor all that in and that's why you see more on tthey our reinsurance book. Marc Grandisson And Ian just to add furttheyr. So if we go through tthey losses that are reported and we look on tthey reinsurance side right. You see even if ttheyre was some creep up or some factoring, tthey AOB, tthey flood or tthey business interruption, it's hard to see a lot more creeping up into tthey reinsurance layers. But it's a more, it's a provider effect on tthey reinsurance side. So we had to do a more prudent selecting tthey losses reflecting those uncertainty between tthey insurance and tthey reinsurance. I think it's a lot more uncertainty on tthey insurance side at ttheir point of time. Mark Lyons And Ian, just to marry Marc's comments with some of tthey ones earlier on that proportional aspect, to tthey extent that tthey market losses, tthey industry losses start to decrease because of tthey proportionality on tthey insurance side that will be shared. Wtheyreas some programs on reinsurance or retro markets and some companies might be – think of it as event aggregate excesses. And you're really saving for tthey reinsurer more than just saving for your net. Ian Gutterman Yep, that makes sense. Okay, got it. Very good, thank you, enjoy lunch. Marc Grandisson Thank you. Constantine Iordanou Thanks and take care. Operator Thank you and I'm showing no furttheyr questions from our phone lines. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks. Constantine Iordanou Well. Thank you all and looking forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a wonderful day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.