Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call April 28, 2016 11:00 AM ET Executives Dinos Iordanou - Chairman and CEO Marc Grandisson - President and COO Mark Lyons - EVP and CFO Analysts Vinay Misquith - Sterne Agee Amit Kumar - Macquarie Jay Gelb - Barclays Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Jay Cotheyn - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Meyer Shields - KBW Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Arch Capital Group First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey Federal Securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review tthey periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management will also make reference to some non-GAAP measures of tthey financial performance, tthey reconciliation to GAAP and tthey definition of operating income can be found in tthey company’s current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company’s earnings press release and is available on tthey company’s website. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Dinos Iordanou, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Mark Lyons. Mr. Iordanou, you may begin. Dinos Iordanou Thank you, Larry. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today for our first quarter earnings call. We are staring tthey year on a good note, our first quarter, it was terrific from virtually all perspectives. Our reported combined ratio was excellent at 87.1, which was aided by low level of catastropthey losses and continued favorable loss reserve development in each of our segments. Investment returns were also very good as our fixed income portfolio benefited from tthey interest rate declines we saw in tthey first quarter. Ttheyre are no significant changes in tthey property, casualty operating environment from last quarter, although ttheyre are some signs that reinsurance terms, especially ceding commissions maybe bottoming out. Within tthey insurance sector, we saw slight deterioration in terms and conditions while tthey mortgage insurance in ttheir remains quite theyalthy. We are in a market wtheyre tthey importance of cycle management, not only in preserving capital, but also maintaining balance ttheyyet integrity is paramount. Navigating through ttheir phase of tthey cycle requires that our underwriters remain disciplined, opportunistic and laser-focused in execution. Within tthey reinsurance segment, we are focusing more on special situations that utilize our underwriting expertise and capital strength and our ability to respond quickly. In our insurance segment, we continue to focus less volatile, smaller accounts, both in term of limits, but also account size and with reinsurance purchases theylping us to reduce tthey volatility on large accounts and on high capacity business. Tthey operating environment in tthey mortgage insurance space remains theyalthy and we are generating excellent returns and continue to make significant progress in ttheir segment. Marc Grandisson will give you more details in all of our segment in a few minutes. On an operating basis, Arch earned $145.7 million or $1.17 per share for tthey first quarter of 2016, which produced an annualized return on equity of 9.7%. On a net income basis, we earned $149 million or a $1.20 per share for tthey 2016 quarter, which results in a return of equity of 6.4% on a trailing 12-month basis. Remember that net income movements can be more volatile on a quarterly basis as ttheyse earnings are influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates and realized gains and losses in our investment portfolio. Group wide, our gross written premium increased by 6% to $1.39 billion in tthey first quarter over tthey same period in 2015, while net written premium rose 3.7% to $977 million driven primarily by growth in our mortgage segment along with modest growth in our construction and alternative market business within tthey insurance segment. Our investment results were excellent on a relative basis and acceptable on an absolute basis given financial market conditions. Net investment income per share for tthey quarter was $0.57 per share, up $0.04 sequentially from tthey fourth quarter of 2015. Despite volatility in tthey investment and foreign exchange markets in tthey first quarter of 2016, on a local currency basis, total return on our investment portfolio was a positive 1.48% as returns on our fixed income investments were partially offset by declines in our alternative investment portfolio. Including tthey effects of foreign exchange tthey total return was 1.82 in tthey quarter, a theyalthy result. Our operating cash flow as $257 million in tthey first quarter as compared to $16 million in tthey first quarter of 2015. Mark Lyons will discuss tthey cash flows in more detail in a few minutes. Our book value per common share at March 31, 2016 was $49.87 per share, a 40% increase sequentially from tthey fourth quarter of 2015. While some segments of our business have become more competitive, we believe that group wide on an expected basis, due to our mix tthey present value ROE on tthey business written in tthey 2016 underwriting year should produce ROEs in tthey range of 10% to 12% on allocated capital. Before I turn tthey call over to Marc Grandisson, I would like to discuss our PMLs, which remain essentially unchanged from January 1. As usual, I would like to remind and point to everybody that our cat PML aggregates reflect business balance through April 1, while tthey premium numbers included in our financial statements are through March 31 and that tthey PMLs are reflected net of reinsurance and all retrocessions. As of April 1, 2016, our largest 250 year PML for a single event remains tthey Norttheyast at $494 million or about 8% of common shareholders equity. Our Gulf of Mexico PML decreased slightly to $438 million and our Florida Tri-County PML increased slightly to $385 million. I will now turn it over to Marc Grandisson for comments on market conditions, before Mark Lyons discuss our financial results. And after ttheyir comments, we will take your questions. With that, Marc? Marc Grandisson Thank you, Dinos. Good morning to all. We continue to face challenges of softer pricing as tthey property and casualty industry continues to report favorable prior-year loss development and benefiting from below average cat losses, which obscure as we believe tthey adequacy of risk adjusted rates in tthey property market. However, in every market, ttheyre are some dislocations present and we remain vigilant in our efforts to seize those opportunities that become available. On tthey positive side, as Dinos mentioned, recent actions by a large participants in tthey marketplace may theylp to uttheyyr in a more disciplined environment in tthey casualty area in tthey near future. P&C rates are declining in a mid-to-low single-digit range, but ttheyre are pockets of rates strengttheyning. Our challenge is to be confident that current rate levels are sufficient on an absolute basis. On tthey ottheyr hand in mortgage insurance, which I will refer to as MI from theyreon, rates remain very theyalthy despite indications that ttheyy appear to be declining in light of tthey new rate cards filed by some of our competitors. Despite tthey theyadlines, we believe that on a risk-adjusted basis, tthey aggregate effective grade levels of MI providers are actually higtheyr due to a shift in tthey quality of tthey risks assumed. Staying with our MI segment, which as you may recall, includes primary operations in tthey US and mortgage reinsurance globally as well as GSE risk sharing transactions portfolio. We estimate that tthey market’s MI new insurance written or NIW was down about 10% in tthey first quarter of 2016 versus tthey fourth quarter of 2015. In spite of ttheir Arch continues to increase its presence in tthey sector. Overall, our Arch MI segment grew its gross written premium ttheir quarter by 21% over tthey fourth quarter of 2015 and 84% over tthey same quarter last year. Tthey growth came primarily from new GSE risk sharing transactions as well as from reinsurance contract with one of tthey major Australian lenders that we discussed last quarter. Our US MI unit continues to increase tthey share of tthey market. Excluding tthey GSE transactions, we estimate that we continue to gain market share at a pace of approximately 2 percentage points per year since our acquisition of tthey US MI platform. At March 31, 2016, our total MI segment risk in force was $12.8 billion, which includes $7.2 billion from our US MI operation, $4 billion from worldwide reinsurance operations and approximately $1.6 billion from tthey GSE risk sharing transactions we wrote. Our primary US MI operation increased its NIW $2.9 billion during tthey first quarter of 2016, of which approximately 69% came through tthey bank channel and 31% via our credit union clients. Seasonally, tthey first quarter 2016 for credit union production typically runs lower than tthey ottheyr three calendar quarters. Tthey amount of NIW from credit union ttheir quarter is consistent with what we have recorded in tthey first quarter of 2015. Our bank channel business continues to pick up steam and is becoming a larger contributor to our production and RateStar is tthey primary driver of ttheir growth. We introduced RateStar less than five months ago and to-date, we have rate filings approved in all, but three states. Through March 31, 2016, 1,142 customers have elected to use RateStar. Over 50% of our commitment in tthey first quarter were obtained through RateStar. We have seen many positive signs since its launch. Tthey increase in our application volume is very encouraging and points to our clients seeing value in our differentiated pricing framework. RateStar is proving to be an effective tool in differentiating Arch relative to its competition while maintaining or exceeding our targeted average return of 15% ROE. We believe that our combination of high ratings, superior customer service and product innovation will allow us to continue growing. I will turn now to our Primary P&C insurance operations in United States, which current represents approximately 80% of our global insurance operation. We saw a more stable rate level change at 10 basis points effective rate increase ttheir quarter versus 140 basis points decrease last quarter, excluding tthey effective ceded reinsurance. However, that 10 bps increase is somewhat misleading since it is queued by one large professional liability program that renewed at a plus 7% rate increase in tthey quarter. Without tthey benefit of ttheir program, our overall rate change would be a rate decrease of 80 bps. We believe that we were able to recapture some of that rate erosion, once we considered tthey purchase of our reinsurance coverages. Our insurance operations in tthey UK, which represents around 17% of tthey insurance segment is still pressured from a rate perspective. Rate decreases across all our product lines were 4.6% ttheir quarter. We continue to actively manage ttheir portfolio towards tthey more attractively priced lines. On a Group wide basis, our insurance unit premium written increased 4% in tthey 2016 first quarter versus 2015 on a gross basis, while ttheyy increased 1% from a net basis. We continue to adjust our mix of business and are generally able to buy reinsurance on more favorable terms. Ceded premium increased 11% in our insurance group ttheir quarter over tthey same period last year. Mark Lyons will provide more perspective on ttheir in their commentary. Areas of opportunity for growth in tthey insurance sector, in tthey first quarter were in our - as Dinos mentioned, construction, national accounts, travel and alternative market lines. Tthey vast majority of our growth came as a result of our ability to take advantage of tthey current dislocation in those areas wtheyre some major players are being challenged. In contrast, our executive assurance property and programs businesses are areas wtheyre rate levels lead us to a more defensive strategy. Finally, let’s turn to our reinsurance group. Our teams are being reactive and selective consistent with our long-stated strategy of cycle management. Most lines of business, especially tthey ones with good results continue to see rate decreases in a 5% to 10% range. Ttheyre are however several lines that are experiencing some level of rate increases. A recurring question our team faces wtheyn looking at such areas is wtheyttheyr that positive rates change is enough to allow us to achieve an adequate return. As an example of ttheir, we continue to struggle with large US casualty placements. Ttheyre is increased demand by buyers in tthey market for quota shares, but we have been unable to write a significant new transaction at an appropriate return. Our reinsurance gross premium written declined by 1% for tthey first quarter of 2016 versus 2015, while on a net basis we were down 8%. Our property cat gross written premium for 2016 first quarter was down over 10% as we continue to exercise underwriting discipline and benefit from improved terms on retrocessional treaties. Most of our efforts in underwriting areas are currently directed to UK motor, specialty liability products and nicthey areas such as professional lines, excess motor and cycle data. With that I will hand ttheir over to Mark to cover tthey detailed financial results. Mark? Mark Lyons Thank you, Marc and good morning to all. As was true on previous calls, my comments to follow will be on a pure Arch basis, which excludes tthey ottheyr segment that being Watford Re, and I will continue to use tthey term core to denote results without Watford Re and consolidated wtheyn referring to results including Watford Re. Ttheir quarter our core business mix based on net written premium changed as follows, are relative to tthey first quarter of 2015. Tthey insurance segment reduced from 58% to 56% of tthey total. Tthey reinsurance segment shrunk from 37% to 33% and tthey mortgage segment grew from 5% to 11% of tthey total. Ttheir shift in mix continues to reflect our view of tthey market and tthey relative return expectation each segment provides. As far a longer term view of our mix changes, I would point out that four years ago, in tthey first quarter of 2012, within tthey reinsurance segment, tthey property cat line represented 26% at net earned premiums, wtheyreas ttheir quarter it is down to only 6.9% of earned premiums and ttheir was accomplittheyyd through 71% reduction in net earned premiums over tthey four-year period. Yes, 71%. Tthey insurance segment similarly reduced its property of marine net earned premiums by 38% over that same time period. Both actions reflect our view of sever margin compression in tthey property cat space. Okay. Moving on to ttheir quarter’s financial results, tthey core combined ratio for tthey quarter was 87.1%, with 0.5 point of current accident year cat-related events compared to last quarter in 2015 of 87.5% combined ratio, which reflected 0.6 point cat-related events. Losses recorded in tthey first quarter in 2016 from cat events totaled only $4.2 million, stemming mostly from within our reinsurance operation. Tthey 2016 first quarter core combined ratio reflects 6.4 points of prior-year net favorable development, which is net of reinsurance and related acquisition expenses compared to 7.8 points of prior period’s favorable development on tthey same basis in tthey 2015 first quarter. Ttheir results in a 93% even current core accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats for tthey first quarter of 2016 compared to 94.7% in tthey comparable quarter last year. In tthey insurance segment, tthey 2016 accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats was 95% even, essentially unchanged from tthey accident quarter combined ratio of 95.1% a year ago. Tthey reinsurance segment 2016 accident quarter, ex-cats was 94.3%, similarly comparable to tthey 94% even ratio in tthey 2015 first quarter. Moving over to mortgage, ttheyre accident quarter combined ratio was 71.9% in tthey quarter compared to 94.1% in tthey first quarter of last year. As I have said in tthey prior calls, it’s important to remember though, that tthey concept of accident year is more of a P&C concept and not a mortgage insurance concept due to ttheyir accounting conventions. Now, as previously stated, tthey ACGL core accident quarter combined ratio dropped 170 basis points quarter-over-quarter, yet insurance and reinsurance segment ratios were virtually flat with last year’s respective quarter. Ttheir is driven by tthey mortgage segment as its intheyrent strong level of profitability is becoming a higtheyr proportion - proportional contributor to our overall results. Tthey insurance segment accounted for roughly 11% of tthey total net favorable development in tthey quarter, net of associated acquisition expenses and ttheir was primarily driven by shorter tailed lines from tthey 2012 to 2014 accident years and longer tailed lines from tthey 2003, 2004, 2008 and 2012 accident years. Tthey reinsurance segment accounted for 84% of tthey total net favorable development in tthey quarter, with approximately three quarters of that due to net favorable development on short tailed lines concentrated in tthey more recent underwriting years. And our remaining portion due to net favorable development on longer tailed lines, primarily from tthey 2003 through 2011 underwriting years. Tthey mortgage segment accounted for approximately 5% of tthey favorable development, which translates to 4.4% beneficial impact on tthey loss ratio ttheir quarter, resulting primarily from continued lower claim rates from tthey CMG business we acquired in 2014 and from tthey PMI quote share we assumed within that transaction covering tthey 2009 to 2011 book years. As was tthey case last quarter, some of ttheir favorable development benefit is offset by tthey contingent consideration earnout mechanism negotiated within tthey purchase agreement. And as a reminder ttheir contingent consideration impact is reflected in realized gains and losses and not been underwriting income. Tthey core 34% even expense ratio for tthey first quarter of ttheir year was 50 basis point lower than last year comparative quarter of 34.5%. Overall, tthey expense ratio though was aided ttheir quarter by roughly 75 basis points to tthey release of an overestimated year-end 2015 bonus accrual. Tthey insurance segment expense ratio improved 90 basis points for tthey first quarter of 2016 reflecting both a lower net acquisition and operating expense ratio. Wtheyn one adjusts however for tthey aforementioned bonus accrual benefit, tthey expense ratio would be nearly 50 bps higtheyr, however still an improvement over last year's comparative quarter. We as managers continue to focus on tthey total expense ratios though as mentioned previously since tthey sliding of costs and benefits within that acquisition and operating expense ratios can be somewhat artificial and ceding commissions are recorded in tthey net acquisition line and not allocated to every operating expense category that ttheyy represent. Tthey reinsurance segment expense ratio increased 120 basis points ttheir quarter primarily reflecting a 6.6% lower net earned premium base. I will note though that tthey reinsurance segment’s expense ratio ttheir quarter was 100 basis points lower than sequentially in tthey fourth quarter of 2015. Tthey ratio of net premiums to gross premiums for our core operations in tthey quarter was 70.2% which is a decline from 71.8% a year ago. Tthey insurance segment had a lower 68.8% ratio compared to 70.7% a year ago driven mostly as was tthey case last quarter by increased sessions on a larger alternative markets book, increased session on capacity driven product lines as Dinos mentioned and a reduction in our CNC program business which had been kept overwtheylmingly net and still is kept overwtheylmingly net. Tthey associated average fee commission ratio on quota share treaties improved anottheyr 200 basis points in tthey US. In fact quota share treaty decommissions have improved from 2012 to now by over 500 basis points in total and tthey improvement ranges from tthey plus 600 to plus 1000 basis points for some product lines. Someone was ttheir net acquisition improvement however is masked by tthey growth of businesses using captive reinsurance arrangements. Many of ttheyse carry no or marginal front-end commissions. So tthey associated ceding commissions are lower since ttheyy are generally no front-end commissions to be reimbursed. Moving to tthey reinsurance segment, tthey net to gross ratio was 66.6% in tthey quarter compared to approximately 72% a year ago, primarily reflecting sessions to Watford Re anottheyr third-party record session. Tthey mortgage segment in addition to premium growth as Marc mentioned earlier had approximately 4 million of ottheyr underwriting income in tthey quarter from risk sharing transactions receiving derivative accounting treatment and $7 million of underwriting profits associated with risk sharing transactions receiving insurance accounting treatment. Over time as expected that more income will continue to emanate from transactions receiving insurance accounting treatment. Tthey total return on our investment portfolio on a local currency basis was a reported positive 148 bps in tthey quarter reflecting positive returns in fixed income investments both investment and non-investment grade, partially offset by negative returns from tthey equity and alternative investment portfolios. On US dollar basis, total return was a positive 182 bps in tthey quarter. Over 80% of tthey portfolio is comprised of fixed income investments; tthey embedded pre-tax book yield before expenses was 2.07% as of tthey end of tthey quarter and duration remained fairly consistent at 3.56 years versus 3.35 years at tthey end of 2015 first quarter. Dinos already mentioned reported investment income per share, so I won't go into that, ottheyr than as a reminder that we evaluate investment performance on a total return basis and not nearly by tthey geography of net investment income. Core cash flow from operations was $257 million in tthey quarter versus approximately $16 million in tthey first quarter of 2015. Last quarter as you may recall had cash flow operations being affected by a reduction in gross premiums collected, timing shifts of reinsurance premiums sessions, and paid and deductible recoveries. Core interest expense for tthey quarter was $12.6 million which is consistent with our longer term run rate. Our effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income available to our shareholders for tthey first quarter was an expense of 6.6% compared to an expense of 3.9% in tthey first quarter of 2015. Ttheir quarter’s 6.6% effective tax rate has approximately 100 basis points of a non-recurrent discrete item out of our European operation. Fluctuations in tthey effective tax rate can result from variability in tthey relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction. Our total capital was $7.3 billion at tthey end of ttheir quarter, up 2.9% relative to December 31 of 2015. Our debt to capital ratio ttheir quarter remains low at 12.2% and debt plus hybrid represents only 16.7% of our total capital which continues to give us significant financial flexibility. We also continue to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted positions. Book value per share was $49.87 which is 4% increase over year-end and 4.3% relative to one-year ago. Ttheir change in book value per share primarily reflects tthey Company's continued strong underwriting performance from all segments and improved investment returns. With ttheyse introductory comments we are now pleased to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vinay Misquith with Sterne Agee. Your line is open. Vinay Misquith Congratulations on beating numbers, one of tthey few companies to do so. Tthey first question is on tthey new opportunities because of market dislocation. If you could discuss that that would be theylpful? Thanks. Dinos Iordanou Well, Mark talked about some unusual transactions that we see on tthey return side, doesn't mean we’re going to do any but we see more request so that means ttheyre is clients out ttheyre that ttheyy have special needs. From tthey insurance side, we continue to focus on small medium sized accounts I believe we have built tthey infrastructure around tthey country, we recently in our binding authority business we also opened anottheyr new office in Scottsdale, Arizona. So we're putting a lot of focus in trying to find ttheir profitable segment for us. But let me reemphasize, we always look for bottom line results first and we look at premium growth second. At tthey end of tthey day, you can't focus just on premium growth, of course that's not tthey case with our mortgage business that business we like a lot and we try to grow it as fast as we can. So Marc, you want to add to it or -? Marc Grandisson Yeah, absolutely. On tthey insurance side I believe that we've seen an increase in submissions over tthey last quarter or so because some of our competitors have decided to exit tthey lines of business, ttheyre have been some mergers and acquisition. So we are seeing some movement, it is not widespread but it is certainly starting to occur and we are seizing tthey opportunity wtheynever we can and wtheynever we think it’s appropriate. Dinos Iordanou One area we are not participating and I want to - it seems that tthey flavor of tthey month now - tthey year is broker line slips theyre and ttheyre so ttheyy can have control over tthey pan et cetera. That doesn't fit well with us, we have not participated in any of ttheyse. Because at tthey end of tthey day you can't have tthey title underwriter and give it to somebody else, neittheyr you're going to underwrite or you're not and with our troops, I want us to have tthey ability to underwrite ourselves. Vinay Misquith Tthey second question on mortgage insurance, if you could give us a metrics about how well RateStar is doing, I think it's at 50% of tthey submission were coming through RateStar. But do you think it's actually driving more submissions to Arch because of that and any anecdotal evidence would be great? Dinos Iordanou If you look at it from a submission point of view, let me give you - our first quarter it was 50-50, if I look at April is up to 68-32. So it's been trending like ttheir, so RateStar is only been out ttheyre for five months. So I don't know wtheyre it’s going to go but it's more significant wtheyn I look at our submission activity from tthey bank channel. Tthey bank channel is predominately RateStar now maybe eight of ten submissions in April that was coming from that. On tthey credit union channels, it’s still in tthey 50-50 range. So that's wtheyre tthey trajectory is going. Ttheyy NIW, it was 44%, 45% I think in tthey first quarter out of RateStar price business but it was - in April it was 61%. So, that tells you that it's more and more of that business is moving to tthey place that we wanted to move because we have a lot of faith in tthey way we price tthey business. Marc? Marc Grandisson Vinay, potentially ttheyre is a huge increase in submission; we believe it's in tthey order of 50%, 60%. If you look last quarter of ‘15 versus ttheir first quarter. And tthey vast majority of tthey pick-up was through tthey bank channel, so just to give you an overall sense in tthey quarter. Vinay Misquith Want to clarify about rates, I mean I think you mentioned that tthey risk adjusted rates are actually higtheyr now for ttheir rattheyr than lower? Dinos Iordanou We expect that ROE on tthey business is higtheyr than our rate cost. Vinay Misquith And even from a competitive standpoint you've not seen tthey competitors sort of step in and do something similar? Dinos Iordanou Right now tthey rate card had seems to have stabilized, ttheyre are rumors, tthey only thing we can comment to you Vinay is our rumors that some people will be expanding ttheyir rate card or doing tthey risk-based pricing approach that we have but we have no way of knowing what's going to happen right now. But right now it seems that tthey rate card has been stabilized wtheyre it is right now. Marc Grandisson Our future Vinay is going to be RateStar, we like ttheir respace approach to it, looking at many characteristics of a particular mortgage and trying to get tthey right price to have and we continue to refine our approach with that. I have a lot of resources committed to that effort, which is no different ttheyn what we do on tthey PMC side to begin with. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Kumar with Macquarie. Your line is open. Amit Kumar Two quick questions on MI and thanks for being patient with us and explaining tthey finer nuances of tthey MI market. Tthey first question probably ties back to tthey next question on tthey broader space. Recently tthey National Association of Realtors wrote a letter to FHA asking ttheym to cut ttheyir premiums. If FHA cuts ttheyir premiums does that change tthey entire sort of tthey private MI market or is that a different kind of, it's obviously a different risk so it does not impact you that much? Dinos Iordanou It depends on what sectors, you’re correct, a lot of what ttheyy like is tthey private MI companies do not. Ttheyy like tthey low credit score high LTV type of business. So depending what ttheyy do, it might or might not affect tthey broader market. It’s tough wtheyn you have tthey government competing with you but entirely totally different capital requirements. None of us, none of us or our competitors in tthey space would be allowed to operate with tthey capital ratios that ttheyy have. I don't know, it depends what ttheyy do and ttheyn we’ll see tthey effect that it will have on tthey marketplace. And by tthey way thank you for tthey compliment of being patient, my guys theyre ttheyy say ottheyrwise. Amit Kumar Tthey ottheyr question I have was in regards to tthey excess capital that you mentioned. Ttheyre has been chatter in tthey marketplace obviously regarding tthey disposition of a large MI asset, one of tthey largest companies. At ttheir stage of tthey cycle, Dinos how do you look at growing organically and I'm talking about tthey MI pace versus looking at ttheir obviously very large and game changing property out ttheyre? Dinos Iordanou All I can say is we look at all avenues, right now our focus is being to grow organically, but given ottheyr opportunities we will evaluate ttheym. If ttheyy get presented to us, we’ll evaluate ttheym. At tthey end of tthey day, we get paid to put capital to work at an effective returns and that's wtheyre our entire team is focused on and it's no secret that we do want to grow tthey exposure we have in tthey MI business. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Gelb with Barclays. Your line is open. Jay Gelb On tthey core reinsurance segment, I was somewhat surprised to see tthey gross written premiums were essentially flat. You mentioned some specialty opportunities, I was hoping to get a better perspective on wtheyttheyr you think that overall business might be flat from a premium volume perspective or maybe even grow ttheir year? Marc Grandisson I don't know but tthey rest of tthey year it depends wtheyre we are going to be offered with. But tthey first quarter certainly seized opportunity in tthey few larger transactions that Dinos alluded to at tthey beginning. And also a couple of opportunities which I highlighted in my comments which are tthey UK Motor and some specialty liability although not being very big but it is more nicthey, more specialty in nature. But we would just say it’s a reflection of and UK Motor for instance, if you have a large quota share, you will have a lot more throughput in tthey quarter. So that's a great examples what premium would actually be stable year-on-year. Jay Gelb Tthey ottheyr point I wanted to touch based on in reinsurance is tthey high level of persistent reserve releases. Can you give us some perspective on what continues to drive that favorable result? Dinos Iordanou Let me give it an attempt and ttheyn I'll give it, I’m being surrounded by actuaries theyre. Marc and Mark ttheyy are both actuaries but we have a methodology, we haven’t changed our methodology for tthey 14 years. To simplify, we try to pack tthey accident year based on what we believe we price tthey business at. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing we do is on longtail lines if we see unfavorable we recognize that early on, any unusual event wtheyre we ignore favorable at least for 3 or 4 years. So that has been our methodology, recognize bad news early; don't celebrate too early on you wins and we follow that. So whatever tthey data tells us quarter after quarter and that’s what we report. Now that was a guy who doesn't have an actuarial degree, so I'll turn it over to Marc or Mark, Mark Lyons to give you tthey more scientific answer. Mark Lyons My scientific answer as a reformed actuary is I have nothing more to add. Jay Gelb Tthey final question I have was on mortgage reinsurance. Clearly ttheyre was a big benefit in 1Q from tthey Australian deal. I'm trying to think about on organic, I guess organic is not tthey right word but on a normalized basis, what do you think tthey growth rate could be in mortgage insurance, and it could just be $500 million gross written premium business within a year or so? Dinos Iordanou Well we don't know, in Australia is a market that dominated by 2 or 3 players or 4 banks, so we have a major relationship with one of tthey top four. It’s kind of hard to see wtheyre if any, if we’re able to grow relationships in ottheyr banks. But currently right now we have a stable very strong relationship ttheyre and what you're seeing right now is a production. Even though we call it reinsurance, it's really slow business that we assume 100% basis. So it's really like insurance if you will. For tthey rest of tthey world, we are exploring all ottheyr geographical areas. Dinos and I are spending a lot of times trying to figure out what we could do in Europe or we could do, I mean we are already are in Europe, Canada and ottheyr countries. And ttheir is sort of an ongoing trying to grow and use and take advantage of our expertise and strong knowledge and deep knowledge in tthey MI space to do more of it. It’s really hard to see what it would be in two, three years’ time but for tthey Australian business I think we’ll get pretty much a good picture of our quality production. Mark Lyons Hey Jay, it’s Mark Lyons. Let me just add tthey difference between binding tthey business and expanding it versus accounting recognition of it. Tthey Australian market is a single premium market. So if you got to really contrast that with tthey US which is dominantly monthly so it builds up and it’s recognized slowly. And by single it's not like it’s a single program writing a big bullet single, it's not tthey case. Tthey underlying business, tthey business that is reinsuring is a series of every homeowner having a single premium as ttheyy put it to play. So tthey recognition will be accelerated relative to tthey US, so you can't extrapolate that into something that may appear ultimately to be larger. Operator Thank you. Your next question comes from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Michael Nannizzi Just a couple theyre I think most of mine have been answered, but tthey ceded level that we saw in tthey first quarter that lifted from tthey first quarter of last year, I mean just you guys expect it to be ceding back to Watford or whoever in that sort of 30% range from theyre or was ttheyre anything unusual in tthey quarter? Dinos Iordanou Okay. You say tthey 30%, because tthey 70% that’s tthey growth. Michael Nannizzi Yeah. Mark Lyons Remember those session are dominated by tthey insurance group ceding overwtheylming to third-party, unrelated third-party. You have increased retrocession on tthey property in Marine that tthey reinsurance group will do. You have minor bits in tthey mortgage sector really as a function of tthey deal that was cut on originally on tthey transaction. So tthey movement, yes, ttheyre is Watford sessions, but tthey level of Watford session is fairly consistent over tthey last couple of quarters. Tthey biggest lever is what tthey insurance group does and Dinos as pointed out, ttheyy were just shy of 70% ttheir quarter, but tthey growth in low volatility businesses that kept overwtheylmingly net and tthey high-capacity business that Dinos talked about and tthey high capacity we mean $25 million limits, things like that, those are going to be reinsured more because we can get more favorable terms. So we cut tthey aggregate net volatility of tthey total book as a result. But just keep in mind Michael, it is tthey insurance group that drives that ratio. Michael Nannizzi Okay, got it. And ttheyn ottheyr income primarily in reinsurance, I guess a little bit in insurance as well, that step-down in tthey quarter was - did that - those dollars just moved to a different line item maybe somewtheyre as geography or was ttheyre a change in tthey - Mark Lyons No, it’s a great question. On tthey - think of it ttheir way, quarter-to-quarter that ottheyr underwriting income in reinsurance was virtually flat. It's coming from tthey GSE transactions mostly. Last year ttheyre was what we call catch-up premium on tthey difference between wtheyn tthey capital markets piece went out, that’s done earlier and ttheyn tthey reinsurance segment was done later and had to catch up because of tthey time gap between ttheym. So that was roughly $3.5 million catch up. That’s tthey first thing. Tthey first thing would be occasionally we call it periodically, we reevaluate that ethnicky loss portfolio transfer and in that year's quarter ttheyre was an adjustment wtheyreas ttheir year's quarter that was not. Michael Nannizzi I see, okay. So but now that we're all caught up ttheyn we should be reverting back to tthey pattern that we were experiencing previously? Mark Lyons For tthey derivative oriented transactions, for tthey GSEs in reinsurer - in tthey mortgage, tthey answer would be yes. Ethnicky, it depends wtheyn we deem a change is need. Dinos Iordanou Derivate accounting for those transactions will be deescalating and going to zero over seven years, right. So every quarter ttheyre will be slightly a little less, a little less until it gets extinguittheyyd seven years out or so. Michael Nannizzi Got it. Tthey main point being that ottheyr than ttheir timing change you mentioned in tthey first quarter nothing has really changed as far as that’s concerned. Dinos Iordanou No, that’s correct. Yeah. Michael Nannizzi All right. And ttheyn in reinsurance, so tthey expense dollars and ottheyr operating expense declined in tthey quarter sequentially. I was just curious if tthey transaction or tthey item that you mentioned in insurance was relevant in reinsurance as well Mark or was ttheyre something else ttheyre? Marc Grandisson I am sorry, was that an operating expense question or acquisition expense question? Michael Nannizzi Operating, ottheyr operating Mark Lyons I think tthey quarter and ttheyn tthey segments in total was kind of affected by tthey bonus accrual take down that I mentioned. So I would expect tthey run rate to be a little marginally higtheyr on a ratio basis. Michael Nannizzi Okay. So tthey order of magnitude similar to what you mentioned on tthey insurance side in terms of Mark Lyons Within spitting distance, yeah. Michael Nannizzi Okay, that’s fair enough. Okay, great. Thank you so much. Mark Lyons Which is as good as I guess. Michael Nannizzi As a reformed actuary. Mark Lyons Yeah, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Kai Pan Thank you and good morning. Dinos Iordanou Good morning. Kai Pan Do you see any potential impact for tthey second quarter cats? Marc Grandisson Tthey second quarter’s cats, yeah, I mean we have some reported losses. I don’t know how big tthey impact is going to be. Mark, you have more of a feel for that? Mark Lyons Right, as you know a lot of tthey stuff is pretty fresh. It just happened. And it is a series of events, it is not a single event. So you can appreciate that we're still accumulating some of that. I think from a 10,000 foot view down it's more likely that ttheyre is insurance exposures, ttheyn reinsurance exposure out of our UK operations we think. But our view at ttheir point Kai is that across all of those aggregated togettheyr, it will still be contained within our cat loan. So we don’t see anything unusual in that regard emanating from it. Kai Pan Okay. What's your sort of cat loans assumptions. Mark Lyons Our cat loan would be just shy of 40. Marc Grandisson 40 a quarter, 40 million a quarter. Kai Pan Okay, that’s great. And ttheyn stepping back on tthey mortgage insurance, couple of years ago, Dinos, you mentioned that ttheyse could be coming in tthey third of leg of tthey stool, but looking back at tthey premiums it is only less than10% of your overall premium, but if you look at tthey underwriting results it is more than 20% now, so it’s very meaningful. I just wonder were tthey growth in ttheyse markets faster than your ottheyr two segments or even sort of like exaggerate or basically both your underlying margin as well as ROE will be growing faster than it has been? Dinos Iordanou You got to look at it from a lot of different perspectives, even though premium is not tthey right measure for mortgage insurance, because tthey accounting model is totally different tthey way tthey business comes in is totally different. I write a mortgage today and I'm going to be receiving premium over tthey duration of that mortgage usually seven years or so. So you got to look at it from capital consumption and you got to also look at it from tthey return point of view and yes I think we're on pace based on what we wanted to create a third revenue stream for tthey company and a third earning stream for us. And I wouldn’t be surprised that depending what happens on tthey P&C reinsurance that from an earnings point of view ttheyy might be even more than one-third. Ttheyy might go to 40%, 45%. On tthey ottheyr hand, P&C concern in a couple of years and it will be - we don’t - we do look at it from a risk management point of view as to how much exposure we have in each one of tthey sectors and do we feel comfortable with that vis-à-vis our balance ttheyyet or do we need to buy reinsurance behind it or bring our capital providers into it. We know we are close to any of those decisions. We believe that we still have a lot of room to grow on tthey mortgage business. Mark, you want to add something. Mark Lyons Tthey only thing I would say in terms of creating a third leg in tthey sense of very sustainable and profitable return on a return basis I think we have accomplittheyyd that and we're really looking towards more of that in tthey future. From that perspective we are not really getting into tthey discussions as to how much it could be, would be. In tthey end we're writing and looking at what see every day and we are very pleased right now and I think we've achieved at least establishing has taken a ground and creating that third flow diversifying flow I would add to our core P&C reinsurance and insurance. So we're pleased with that. Dinos Iordanou Look, I think Mark went on to how little cat we write today versus what we wrote four or five years ago. Things might change, but we always have - sometimes we shrink in areas that I don't like to shrink, but if ttheyre is no return why be in it. Ottheyr times you got to limit what you write because you are exceeding your tolerance from a risk management point of view. I can tell you right now on tthey leverage, on tthey cat business, I wish tthey market was better for us to write a lot more in tthey cat area and maybe one day will be again and we will be up utilizing quite a bit of capacity in that area. So that’s tthey kind of thinking that goes through our theyads. First if it profitable let’s write more until - we got a guy called Chief Risk Officer. He is anottheyr actuary, Francois, who rings tthey bell sometimes and they says - they is nowtheyre ringing any bells yet because our risk tolerance in every sector is well within what like to have. Mark Lyons Kai, I would just like to tie it togettheyr that commentary with on managing tthey cycle and exposure with. Tthey fact we had $4 million of cats in tthey first quarter if we hadn’t reduced our volumes, 71% since 2012, we probably would not be able to report $4 million, so it’s got income statement aspects, price return aspects and balance ttheyyet risk management. Kai Pan Just to follow up on tthey risk management, ttheir might be a high class problem for you guys. If tthey mortgage become a meaningful portion of your overall profit pool because of different accounting like a treatment basically you cannot smooth it out for example booking reserves, do you worry about sort of volatility to tthey earnings. Dinos Iordanou Ttheyre is still things that bring volatility to any book of business including mortgage. One is what I would call my core decision, that’s tthey underwriting decision that we control is within our hands, so we - and ttheyn tthey ottheyr volatility is macroeconomic changes, very high unemployment, which we monitor and see which direction. I would assign two-thirds on tthey micro and one-third on tthey macro and at tthey end of tthey day in our quarterly risk management evaluations and everything we do, we will look at those parameters to make sure that our compass is pointing us in tthey right direction. Mark Lyons Kai, lastly because I want to make sure even though you phrased tthey question. Tthey accounting model as much as we criticize it, has nothing to do with our risk management evaluation. We project that to ultimately - I think ttheyre are PC lines, so we make persistency assumptions, claims, emanating from possible future delinquencies that are performing loans now and so forth. So just because of tthey accounting model flaws it doesn’t mean we follow that in our risk management evaluation. Dinos Iordanou And have a stress test model we want assuming certain economic conditions wtheyre tthey housing market might go, wtheyre unemployment might go et cetera and wtheyre interest rates are going to go. And ttheyn based on that, we see wtheyre we are we with our book and wtheyre our book is going to be. Kai Pan That’s great. Lastly on tthey buybacks now trading at - you bought back around 1.3 times for tthey first quarter of book value now trading at more than 1.4 times, is that out of your comfort zone? Dinos Iordanou Well, I mean if you ask me if I am trading well, with your assumption no, I still think I am ctheyap, but that’s a CEO talking their own account, but having said that we are very disciplined into wtheyn we put capital to work, independently we are going to buy our own shares or we are going to buy something else. It’s got to be within that three year or so of tolerance that we got to recover anything we pay above book value and that’s what’s been guiding us both in - we try to invest in third parties or we are trying to invest around stock. So in tthey - that’s basically what we are. Mark Lyons And Kai I applaud your five-part question. Kai Pan Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Cotheyn with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. Jay Cotheyn Thank you. Just a couple of questions. Tthey first is, Mark, maybe just to make our lives a little bit easier tthey reversal of ttheyse bonus accruals, can you actually give us tthey dollar number and wtheyre tthey location? Mark Lyons It was roughly 6 and change distributed all over actually. Dinos Iordanou It was all three units and corporate, it was, call it, $7 million. Jay Cotheyn Okay. Next question I guess I'm looking for a little bit of guidance or theylp theyre. Ttheyre is some line items within tthey - Dinos Iordanou We don’t give guidance. Jay Cotheyn Call it theylp ttheyn, not guidance. Dinos Iordanou Okay, all right. Jay Cotheyn For a non-actuary, not even reformed how is that? Certain line items within mortgage insurance will jump around pretty dramatically quarter to quarter and you are looking specifically at tthey acquisition expense ratio. It’s ranged from 33% to 13% just in tthey last six quarters. Any sort of range that you can put that in that we should be thinking about? Dinos Iordanou Well, on tthey traditional mortgage insurance what we do in Arch MI and Walnut Creek is steady. It’s your salesforce every quarter et cetera. Those number fluctuate on reinsurance transactions and on risk-sharing transactions. Tthey course with risk sharing is it's very, very small because we have a small unit, a couple of people that we review those transactions in tthey home office and ttheyn ttheyy - and Mark and I wtheyn we and Andrew Rippert who got approve all those we don’t allocate our stuff into it. It’s at a corporate level. Marc Grandisson Tthey early business we had in mortgage were largely mortgage reinsurance contracts and transactions and we migrated towards more of a mortgage insurance profile and that explains tthey ceding commission on reinsurance treaties right now on mortgage base are in tthey 28% to 35% range and we are not doing many of those or any of - at least not new as we speak, right. Jay Cotheyn Got it. So in quarters wtheyre you have a big reinsurance transaction, tthey acquisition expense ratio will look a little lower? Mark Lyons Ttheir is assumed, not ceded. Marc Grandisson Correct, yeah assumed. Jay Cotheyn Because I am looking at like ttheir quarter tthey acquisition expense ratio within mortgage segment was quite low and you did a large deal, maybe I will take it offline with Don after? Dinos Iordanou No, we did anottheyr big reinsurance deal. Marc Grandisson No. Exactly, I am not sure what you are talking about. Jay Cotheyn I thought you guys did a sizable deal in Australia on mortgage reinsurance. Dinos Iordanou So that's not a reinsurance transaction. As Mark said it’s really - it’s reinsurance in tthey legal sense of a terms, but we are doing 100% of really flow business. And as Mark alluded to that premium is earned over a very long period of time and tthey earned premium is actually very small as we speak. Even though tthey acquisition ttheyre would be high it doesn’t really flow through tthey balance ttheyyet or tthey income statement as we speak. It will take time to get ttheyre. Jay Cotheyn Okay, got it. And those are my two questions, so thanks for tthey information. Dinos Iordanou Okay. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Charles Sebaski Good afternoon. Thanks for getting me in. I guess one follow-up on that Australian transaction. You say it's going to earn in over a long period of time, so despite tthey $43 million, we shouldn't see much effect on earned premium from that going forward for tthey next four or five, six quarters? Mark Lyons Yeah, it's exactly right. I mean just picture to just make things in perspective. Picture every month being $1 million single and ttheyn those singles, each of those $1 million has to be earned over six, seven years. So it’s - tthey written recognition is going to be a lot faster than tthey earned recognition. Charles Sebaski Okay. Also on mortgage, has ttheyre been any activity on GSE risk-sharing over tthey quarters, is ttheyre a pipeline or anything or is it kind of stagnant until something pops? Just curious what tthey outlook looks like for that? Dinos Iordanou No, ttheyre is activity and ttheyre is a list of transactions that are coming down tthey pike. Marc, you have tthey detail on that or. Marc Grandisson Actually in a quarter ttheyre were I believe three transactions I believe. Ttheyre were three transactions in tthey quarter. It is actually a calendar Charles that ttheyy are going to - ttheyre is a projection for tthey year that tthey GSE share with us. We are not sure we are supposed to say anything but you could track that ttheyy have - ttheyy are on tthey pace to do from our perspective now two to three a quarter for tthey remainder of tthey year. So we've done three ttheir first quarter and are working on some as we speak as well. Charles Sebaski Excellent. And ttheyn finally on tthey reinsurance, would appreciate your guys take some commentary in tthey market that tthey changing landscape in reinsurers means that a smaller panels of reinsurers mean you have to stay at tthey table, maintain business. You guys are being contracting. Do you believe that ttheyre is risk that over time you need to maintain some particular level of profile with cedents or can you keep contracting and still get back in opportunistically. I guess I'm trying to understand tthey - Dinos Iordanou Listen, it is a great question. At tthey end of tthey day we have good ratings, good paper, we can be good partners, but I am not ttheyre to do it on a just relationship basis and not have a return. My responsibility is to have returns for my shareholders. I am not going to put that capital to work out of disadvantage on tthey hope that some future I am going to make some money. If tthey deals make sense for us and our cedents will do ttheym, if ttheyy don’t, we don't and we will look for something else. Ttheir is a big market and we are still writing over $1 billion worth of reinsurance, maybe not all of it is what I would call tthey traditional quarter shares for large clients et cetera, but we find little things theyre and ttheyre, mixed things theyre and ttheyre and we do it. Our people - believe me, ttheyy are working harder today than in a good market, because to find ttheyse small little nuggets, ttheyy got to process a lot of ore, so ttheyy are shoveling a lot. At tthey end of tthey day, that's our approach. We don't believe that we have to give our pen away through just purely, we ought to be making relationship only decisions. Yes. Relationships are very important. We try to be as service-oriented as anybody else with our clients, give ttheym our perspective about tthey market and pricing, we do underwriting audits, et cetera, we share all that information, but we got to do a transaction that it has adequate returns for us, ottheyrwise, we won't do it. You run tthey reinsurance. I shouldn't be speaking on your behalf. Marc Grandisson Tthey one thing I will tell you about our reinsurance portfolio is it is not really tthey same as Mark alluded to, tthey same portfolio that we had and wtheyn we started. I think a lot of what we've been able to create in tthey reinsurance side, which sort of mirrors what has been done on tthey insurance side is we try to get as tthey - not controllable, but as somewhat protected or tthey line of business that has a little bit of stickiness to it, more stickiness to it, because it needs more knowledge or more expertise. Property facultative is a great example of that and in that segment, I think we are still very active, finding ways to grow and actually do more and be more relevant for our clients. So we’re not behold into tthey large placements as Dinos mentioned, which is a good place to be. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open. Meyer Shields Thanks and good afternoon, everyone. Really quickly, tthey mortgage insurance operating expense number went up sequentially. I wasn't expecting that. Everything else was ptheynomenal, but is that tthey new rent rate? Mark Lyons No. As Dinos mentioned, it's a segment, tthey segment made up of pretty disparate operating expense contributors. Clearly, until we hit scale on tthey US MI acquired piece, that’s putting pressure on it. Tthey mixture of that with GSEs wtheyre tthey OpEx is marginal at best. And tthey reinsurance, again depending on tthey structure of it, it really comes down to mix, I would not read in anything to an incremental change quarter-over-quarter. Meyer Shields Okay. Are you discussing tthey dollar amount or tthey percentage? Mark Lyons Specifically, both, but mostly tthey ratio. Meyer Shields Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn on tthey insurance segment. I guess you've talked a lot about a shift towards smaller account low volatility, is that going to have an observable impact on eittheyr of tthey acquisition expense ratio or tthey loss ratio, that mix shift? Dinos Iordanou Well, I mean ttheir shift has been happening now for five, six years. We didn't divert to that. Tthey largest initiative we have was just about $160 million worth of business is our binding authority business and that has a little higtheyr expense component. It comes from binding authority wholesale agents and in essence, ttheyy do a lot of tthey work. It's all electronic, ttheyy use our systems, ttheyy price, pricing algorithms, et cetera, but ttheyy do all tthey input and ttheyy issue tthey policies. Our system is so good that you can bind and issue a policy within 24 hours in tthey agent's office. So it has a little bit of a higtheyr expense. Marc Grandisson Yeah. I would also say, yes, we have seen some marginal improvements, just in tthey past quarter, 30 bps down on tthey net acquisition ratio, just remember premium taxes are in ttheyre too, and wtheyn you go from a harder to a softer market, it tends to become more admitted than non-admitted, you get a little bump ttheyre, everything else being constant, but tthey biggest thing that you should keep in your mind is as we move to lower and have moved to lower volatility businesses, ttheyy come with a higtheyr acquisition cost and a lower loss ratio. So tthey fact that we have a higtheyr proportion of higtheyr commission oriented businesses, ye tthey net aq is continuing to go down shows you tthey leverage power of our reinsurance sessions with increased ceding commissions. It's offsetting and sometimes more than offsetting that shift, mix shift towards higtheyr aq businesses. Does that make sense? Meyer Shields It does. I'm not contesting it, it was interesting a lot of competitors have talked about lower volatility business having a higtheyr loss ratio. Mark Lyons Well, remember we are after volatility containment. You can cede a lot, what's left is still - especially if it is quota share, it’s still highly volatile on its own, you're getting ceding commission overwrites and you're putting gain into your income statement right away, but what you still have left is volatile. We’ve moved more towards, as Dinos said, smaller accounts and small policy limits to deal with those, but we keep 100% of that. Meyer Shields Okay. Now that theylps. Are tthey ceding commissions that you are seeing in reinsurance tthey same as you’re benefiting from on tthey insurance side? Marc Grandisson Yes. Tthey answer is yes. Mark Lyons It's pain on tthey one side and ttheyre is gain on tthey ottheyr side. Tthey market is ptheynomenal. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny. Your line is open. Ian Gutterman Hi. Thank you. I guess first, Marc, you talked earlier about growth in UK motor and I think a number of ottheyrs have talked about that. Can you just talk a little bit more about sort of what exactly that business is and what's appealing about it? I guess I have ancient bad memories of that causing trouble from time to time? Marc Grandisson Yes. And you're quite right, it is very interesting and very volatile if you're not careful, but we have a good relationship with one big originator in tthey UK and ttheyy’ve been a partner of us for a little while and we have been able to maneuver through tthey cycle with ttheym - alongside with ttheym and we were seeing rate increases over tthey last three or four quarters I would say and we were able to seize on tthey opportunity and give ttheym what we think are appropriate reinsurance terms to be partners with ttheym on a going forward basis. In addition to ttheir, tthey excess of loss in tthey UK has also gone through a tough time in terms of a lot of changes in tthey rate level and we were also able to take advantage of that. So it really is a reaction to echo what you just mentioned to tthey fact that rates have been increasing and improving, and as I said in my comments, and ttheyy’ve have increased enough so that we believe that returns are ttheyre for now for us to take advantage of it. Ian Gutterman Got it. And so, you're doing XOL ttheyn? Marc Grandisson As well. We are doing both. Ian Gutterman Got it. And are ttheyre loss caps on those to protect you or is it just, you can… Mark Lyons [indiscernible] and I'm not sure I'm comfortable sharing that with you. Ian Gutterman That’s fair. Okay. I guess maybe what I was going to ask is, I always see that being a long-tail business and just are ttheyre ways if you see it deteriorating is just you won’t renew it tthey next year, are ttheyre ottheyr things that you can do to protect yourself five years down tthey road, it goes bad? Dinos Iordanou Are you talking about tthey motor business or tthey XOL loss? Ian Gutterman I guess that's probably more on tthey quarter, right, but I mean, I guess it could be eittheyr. Dinos Iordanou Well, I mean, no. Tthey quota share, you can adjust very quickly based on your underwriting audits and how you’re monitoring rates, don't forget. We do a lot of underwriting audits and we continue to watch tthey pricing on a quarterly basis. Now, tthey biggest bet is tthey excess of loss bet, because you get that wrong and it's not as easy to correct, you can get out later on, but sometimes it might take you a couple of years, or three years before you recognize that you didn't get tthey pricing right, that's more. But that's not from a premium revenue point of view is not as big as tthey quota share. So we want both, believe me. Ian Gutterman Okay, understood. I was just curious because I was asking a lot of people adding to it. On tthey MI, I guess a couple of things on rates, one is not that everyone has lowered ttheyir rate cards for your non-RateStar business or is ttheir from rate card I think in certain sales looks half market, do you feel you need to adjust your rate card to match everybody or for those customers who want to keep that business? Marc Grandisson We actually - we just issued our new rate card in April 7, but we are not matching everyone. So ttheyre is no plan right now to do anything else. Ian Gutterman Got it, okay. I missed that. Okay. And ttheyn on tthey RateStar business, my sense is and again, obviously, I don't know exactly what your rates are, but it feels like conceptually a lot of what tthey competitors did to change your rate cards felt like it was trying to get closer to wtheyre you and UGC are, is that fair that maybe tthey advantage of RateStar is a little diminittheyyd? Dinos Iordanou I don't know what drove tthey actions because you’re mixing apples and oranges, right. At tthey end of tthey day, if you have a pool of risks that on average gives you a good return ROE and now through a selection process, maybe one or two competitors, ttheyy might be taking out of tthey pool certain mortgages for a slightly less price, but much better risk characteristics. That means tthey remaining part of tthey pool needs to be priced a little higtheyr than tthey past, not a little lower. So adjusting tthey rate cards and not going to look at exactly what adjustments ttheyy make, you might be getting into adverse selection, so to speak. At tthey end of tthey day, tthey problem with tthey rate card is a simplistic way to price. Just credit score and LTV alone is not tthey only thing that is going to tell you as to how that mortgage is going to behave, ttheyre are ottheyr parameters around and I think that's wtheyre our advantage is. Our advantage is we introduce ottheyr factors to allow us to more appropriately price that business. Marc Grandisson But clearly Ian to your questions more directly, I believe that going to a more refined rate card is sort of one step for most of ttheym to get to that direction. Ttheyre is recognition to Dinos’ point that tthey rate card has been theirtorically too generic in nature. Dinos Iordanou And it might die within a year or two and it might get into more as to what we do in all of our ottheyr business, on tthey P&C, I don't care if it’s auto or homeowners or lawyers and accountants, et cetera. We don't have one or two rating parameters, we have multiples and ttheyn you look at it from many different perspectives to put a price. So I think tthey mortgage insurance business is moving in tthey right direction in our view. Ian Gutterman For sure. And ttheyn just last one on that topic is if you were to look at a sizeable acquisition in that space that would take you over tthey one-third mix, can you just talk about sort of how you evaluate metrics, meaning obviously, we can all look at EPS accretion, but what are tthey different things you look at in addition to just EPS and is it ROE, is it your PE, I mean, I think one of tthey concerns that people might have is those companies trade at lower multiples, so if it becomes too big a part of your mix, it might hurt your evaluation. Just how do you think about sort of tthey combination of accretion versus valuation versus risk returns? Dinos Iordanou You know that old saying, in tthey short-term, tthey equity market is a beauty contest and in tthey long-term is a weighing machine. That's Buffett's analogy. As long as I’m producing good profits and I’m adding, I don't worry about what tthey Street valuations might be because how do you explain one competitor we have who is trading at 1.7 times book, right, in tthey MI space versus anottheyr competitor we have, who is trading at 1.1. Well, maybe one has legacy business and tthey ottheyr one doesn’t, et cetera. So I'm not worried about that because tthey mortgage insurance business produces very good ROEs to demand at higtheyr multiple than tthey P&C will right now. And we only have one marker out of tthey seven who has tthey purity in only having post crisis business and tthey market is rewarding ttheym with 1.7 multiple. So I don't know, our actions is not as to - about tthey market multiples. Our actions is, we’re producing a good return for tthey capital that we are committing to a particular sector and is tthey ROE acceptable, that's what drives us, that's tthey key driver in what we do. Marc Grandisson Ian, for an insightful guy like you and tthey ottheyrs, it would wind up being that ACGL would bring up tthey mortgage multiple rattheyr than tthey mortgage brings down ACGL. Ian Gutterman Tthey reason I asked is because if it's something big, I assumed you’d have to use some stock, so that was sort of tthey context I was thinking about, maybe a better way to say is what things do you theirtorically haven't done anything as required in ttheir stock, is it sort of what are tthey things you evaluate and deciding wtheyttheyr stock makes sense in a merger? Mark Lyons Well, let me just on that one, is I mean, we’ve talked about ttheir before on tangible book value hit, that's not new as to how - wtheyn we’ve repurchased our shares, does that hit, what's tthey recovery period, that is still an in force principle that we will look at. And that’s one of tthey criteria, not tthey only criteria, but that is certainly one of ttheym, but don't lose sight of tthey prior discussion, which is on tthey risk management side. So EPS is a no-brainer. That's impact. We don't want to impair tthey balance ttheyyet, number one. So what's tthey recovery of it and tthey risk management aspect, we wouldn't go into it if ttheyre weren’t higtheyr ROEs to begin with, but defensively we don't want to put any dents in tthey balance ttheyyet. Ian Gutterman Got to make sense. What's for lunch today, Dinos? Dinos Iordanou That's your best question. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Mark Dwelle Yeah. Hello, thanks. Just one follow-up question, something that was discussed on tthey Australian mortgage transaction, kind of what you said kind of confused me, is ttheir a recurring revenue transaction which is to say, we’ll see anottheyr one of 40 million or whatever tthey number will be next quarter and ttheyn continuing ttheyreafter? Or was ttheir a one-off one shot deal? Marc Grandisson No. Like I said, we’re sorry for - I just want to make sure it’s clear to everyone. Ttheir is really like business that was produced in that quarter, that relationship is still existing, it’s been around since last year. So yes, I would expect depending on tthey level of production that our partner will do in Australia, we could be around that same level as we continue producing at same level. Dinos Iordanou If ttheyy originate tthey same level of mortgages, ttheyy will flow through us and it continues and it will continue as such until ttheyy can - ttheyre is a termination by eittheyr party on tthey relationship. Mark Dwelle So ttheir puts in place really a fairly, I’m going to use tthey word permanent or at least hopefully long term kind of full flow of premiums that should last for at least on an earned basis for quite a long time? Dinos Iordanou Yes. That is correct. Yes. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Michael Nannizzi Sorry for tthey follow up. Just one last one theyre, back to tthey MI and Marc maybe your comments on tthey expenses, I mean I’m looking at premiums doubled year over year, acquisition ratio is in half dollars or down notionally, ottheyr operating expense, tthey ratio is flat, and I understand ttheyre was a reinsurance transaction that may be obscuring some of that trend, but I would generally think that tthey ratio of dollars, it would seem to be more of fixed in nature, tthey operating expenses, that ratio would improve and that tthey acquisition ratio would remain relatively flat, again absent, some adjustments, I’m just trying to get some understanding of what that should look like and I understand ttheyy’re like three different businesses, ttheyy all operate differently, tthey stackers, expenses are low and things like that, but I mean would tthey line that’s growing ttheir quickly, I feel like just missing tthey mark on how to think about, should we be looking at expense dollars relative to written premium dollars as opposed to earned during ttheir growth phase, just any guidance or theylp, not guidance, but any theylp in how to think about would be great. Marc Grandisson Well, I think written is a better way. It’s more of a statutory view, but it’s - it still makes more sense. We talked about hitting critical mass in steady state at some point, but also Michael think about how market share is measured, it’s measured on NIW, which is effective new premium. But that’s new exposure, tthey premium is comes in at a slow build up rate overtime. So if we get to a reasonably larger market share in two, three years, that doesn’t mean that overnight, tthey whole in force book is wtheyre it needs to be. That means tthey marginal amount in 2017 that we hit market share of X is additive to tthey portfolio. In PC world, we have new business and renewal business. Here, you have our new business. You have new business and in force. So all you’re doing is adding on to tthey theyap with a new NIW that you’re getting. So ttheir is a long-winded answer to say, you got to be patient, tthey OpEx dollars are really not going to grow as much. You got to wait for tthey revenue to catch up with that and it will. Michael Nannizzi Okay. So OpEx doesn’t grow as much. And tthey acquisition expense, I am guessing that was impacted somewhat by ttheir Australia transaction and tthey lack of reinsurance transaction you mentioned that you have in tthey prior year, but is ttheir sort of teens level of acquisition expense, I mean is that given tthey mix of business you have, is ttheyre anything in ttheyre that we need to peel out in order to think about tthey forward. Marc Grandisson No. I think it is tthey mix. Tthey mix will change by quarter. It’s by tthey way, it changes in tthey reinsurance segment, it changes in tthey insurance segment. By mix, tthey changes, tthey reported acquisition expense. OpEx is - tthey questions you asked are applicable to any of our business segments, but acquisition can fluctuate. So I’d say, no, it’s a mixed bag quarter by quarter. Operator Thank you. I’m showing no furttheyr questions. I’d like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks. Dinos Iordanou Well, thank you all. A little late lunch today but I’m going to enjoy tthey keftettheys along with tthey team. We are looking forward to seeing you next quarter. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.