Arch Capital Group Ltd (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 10, 2021 8:00 AM ET Corporate Participants Marc Grandisson - President and Chief Executive Officer François Morin - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs Jammi Bhullar - JPMorgan Geoff Dunn - Dowling & Partners  Philip Stefano - Deutscthey Bank Meyer Shields - KBW Brian Meredith - UBS Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Fourth Quarter 2020 Arch Capital Group Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's Web site. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. François Morin. Sir, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Good morning, Liz. Good Morning and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Overall, we are pleased with tthey current market conditions and tthey opportunities available to Arch as we close out 2020 and spring into 2021. One of our fundamental principles is that achieving growth and book value per share above tthey cost of capital over tthey long run is tthey best way to create and sustain shareholder value. We believe we delivered on that front in 2020. Our disciplined underwriting and diversified business model enabled Arch to grow its year-end book value per share by 5.4% over tthey third quarter and by 14.7% for tthey last 12 months. We've responded to broadly hardening market conditions and as a result, all three of our segments grew ttheyir premium writings in tthey quarter. In particular, tthey hardening markets allowed for significant growth within our P&C units, increasing our net premium written for tthey P&C by 32% for tthey full year. On tthey whole for 2020 we achieved an operating profit of $557 million and grew book value to $30.31 per share. Now, as most of you know, cycle management is core to who we are. Arch lean strongly into improving markets because theirtory has shown that times like ttheyse are wtheyn superior risk adjusted returns gradually compound and accelerate book value growth and Arch is positioned to significantly expand as ottheyrs derisk, rethink ttheyir underwriting strategies or even retrench. As we look at tthey opportunities atheyad for Arch. I'm reminded of a situation in hockey that is exciting for any fan. In hockey, you get a one player advantage, if tthey ottheyr team takes a penalty. It's called a power play. Wtheyn that happens, a few things need to be kept in mind as you deploy your specialty power play unit to try and improve tthey odds of scoring. You need to have a clear five on four strategy you need to be defensively savvy enough to not forget to protect your own zone and you need to have a sense of urgency because tthey clock will stick done and you will soon be back to even strength. Ttheyse are tthey few moments that make a difference in a hockey game. Tthey advantages position we find ourselves in is similar to that hockey power play wtheyre tthey odds are in our favor. I'm proud of how our team performed last year during tthey challenges of 2020. Now after spending a good portion of ttheyir last several years in a defensive position, we're embracing a more offensive mindset. Here's what that looked like in tthey fourth quarter. Let's begin with our insurance segment. Across our worldwide Insurance Group, renewal rate change has increased approximately 12% up to 200 bps from tthey prior quarters rate changes. Our fourth quarter growth occurred in many lines, with D&O, property, energy and marine all exhibiting strong advances. E&S casualty and our alternative markets business also grew ttheir quarter. We believe that rate momentum in ttheyse lines is theyalthy and we also see it building in ottheyr lines albeit at a slower pace. Increasing margins theylped improve our insurance accident year x cat loss ratio which decreased by 4.6 percentage points in tthey fourth quarter. As you may know, tthey full effects of increased rate levels can take approximately five quarters to become 40 reflected in underwriting margins. So today, we are earning tthey higtheyr rates from tthey past year. In addition, our operating expense ratio has benefited from rising production ttheir past year. We are pleased with tthey continuing progress achieved by our Insurance Group in tthey last two years. Turning next to our reinsurance segment, underwriting results were significantly better than tthey fourth quarter of 2019 despite tthey impact of $94 million worth of cap losses, while market conditions are not uniformly strong in tthey reinsurance sector, dislocation from ottheyr carriers that are reducing ttheyir positions is creating pockets with theyartening rates that Arch is well positioned to capitalize on. Reinsurance also benefits from tthey underlying insurance market rate increases through its clients. For 2020, we grew reinsurance net written premium by 53% with tthey two main areas of growth being non-cap property and specialty. At tthey January 2021 renewals, we saw continued rate increases in most areas. However, we agree with tthey market consensus that property cap pricing moves were more subdued than expected or hoped, as capacity for that risk still remains strong. Accordingly, we maintain a cautious approach to ttheir business. Our mortgage segment delivered good returns in both tthey fourth quarter and for tthey entire year despite tthey economic theyadwinds. We are confident in tthey continued earnings strength of ttheir segment and frankly, tthey uncertainty we were facing during tthey early stages of COVID has been largely mitigated. Both premium rates and tthey credit quality of tthey new insurance written improved in 2020 and accordingly, tthey return on capital for our new U.S. MI business is essentially back to 2018 level, which was a strong year. Here's why MI is unwell ttheir past year. First, housing markets have remained strong despite tthey difficult economic conditions. Second, tthey government forbearance program achieved largely what it was intended to do, which was to provide financial respite to many homeowners; and third credit criteria in tthey mortgage sector tightened in 2020 and as you know, credit quality is a critical factor in determining underwriting profitability. On a side note, just yesterday, tthey FHFA announced that a forbearance program has been extended an additional three months, which should theylp furttheyr mitigate tthey risk in our delinquency inventory. Tthey delinquency rate of our portfolio decreased by 50 bps sequentially in tthey fourth quarter and year-end roughly two-thirds of our delinquent loans were in tthey government sponsored forbearance program. We currently estimate that 89% of delinquent borrowers in our portfolio at year end have at least 10% equity in ttheyir homes and as we have discussed on prior calls, tthey amount of equity in a home is a single most important factor in determining MI losses, as it plays a significant role in mitigating claim activity. We are cautiously optimistic that delinquencies will continue to cure as vaccines enable tthey economies to reopen. Importantly, record home purchases in tthey U.S. in 2020, supported a 5% price appreciation nationwide, while theirtorically low interest rates, accelerated housing and refinance demand. Ttheir enabled Arch U.S. to report record NIW of 38 billion in tthey fourth quarter of 2020, up nearly 60% from tthey same period in 2019. Our outlook for continued growth in 2021 remains positive. Turning back to tthey current fate of tthey P&C cycle, ttheyre are three conditions that we believe will persist and theylp sustain tthey improved underwriting environment. One, social inflation and reserving problems and are starting to apply pressure for companies that haven't been prudent enough; two, anemic investment yields require a sharper focus on underwriting profit; and three, a return to a post-COVID world should accelerate economic activity and increase tthey demand for insurance. Each of ttheyse conditions will put pressure on results for tthey industry. Our conservative approach to reserving over tthey past several years means that we are well positioned to drive results in P&C going forward since we expect, our future returns to better reflect current and forward pricing. Finally, with better visibility into tthey overall economic conditions and with more clarity on tthey mortgage and P&C prospects, along with our strong capital generation, we see a compelling opportunity to invest in our shares at very attractive returns, François will talk to it in a moment. Ttheir recent share repurchase is a testament to our capital strategy and designed to enhance shareholder value over tthey long-term. We still have ample resources to deploy towards new growth and feel confident in our team's ability to be creative in order to capitalize on tthey opportunities before us. Ttheir is a time in tthey game wtheyre our cycle management strategy allows us to play offense and deploy capital dynamically to generate above average returns. And now I'll turn tthey game commentary over to François. François Morin Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. We at Arch hope that you are in good theyalth and that 2021 is off to a good start. On to tthey fourth quarter results, as a reminder and consistent with prior practice, tthey following comments are on a core basis which corresponds to Arch's financial results excluding tthey ottheyr segment, i.e., tthey operations of Watford Holdings Limited, in our filings tthey term consolidated includes Watford. After tax operating income for tthey quarter was $230.4 million which translates to an annualized 7.7% operating return on average common equity and $0.56 per share. For tthey year, our operating return on average common equity stood at 4.8%, while tthey return on average common equity stood at 11.8%. Book value per share increased to $30.31 at December 31, up 5.4% from last quarter and 14.7% from one year ago, again, an excellent result despite tthey strong theyadwinds from catastropthey losses ttheir year, which is a testament to tthey resilience of our operations and our superior diversification strategy. Losses from 2020 catastrophic events in tthey quarter including COVID-19 net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $156.4 million, or 9.4 combined ratio points, compared to 2.2 combined ratio points in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Tthey losses impacted both our insurance and reinsurance segments, primarily as a result of a series of natural catastroptheys in tthey quarter, including Hurricanes Delta and Zeta and ottheyr smaller events, as well as adjustments to our estimates for events that occurred earlier in 2020. Our best estimate of ultimate losses for COVID-19, for occurrences through December 31, remained essentially unchanged from prior estimates. As of December 31, tthey vast majority of our COVID-19 claims are yet to be settled or paid, with approximately two-thirds of tthey inception to-date incurred loss amount recorded as incurred, but not reported IBNR reserves or as additional case reserves within our insurance and reinsurance segments. As regards to tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on our mortgage segment, as Marc alluded to, tthey delinquency rate at tthey end of tthey quarter was 4.19%, down from 4.69% at September 30. We are encouraged with a downward trend and delinquency rates over tthey last few quarters, which continue to come in significantly better than our earlier forecasts. Our latest assessment of tthey situation assumes a progressively improving economy in 2021, which should bode well for tthey housing sector and tthey performance of our book as we move forward. In tthey insurance segment, net written premium grew 21.6% over tthey same quarter one year ago, 29.6% if we exclude tthey impact of tthey pandemic on our travel, accident and theyalth unit. Tthey insurance segment's accident in tthey quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 93.6%, lower by 800 basis points over tthey same period one year ago. Approximately 360 basis points of tthey difference is due to our lower expense ratio, primarily from tthey growth in tthey premium base from one year ago and continued lower levels of travel and entertainment expenses. Tthey lower ex-cat accident quarter loss ratio reflects tthey benefits of rate increases achieved over tthey last 12 months and changes in our mix of business, prior period net loss reserve development net of related adjustments was favorable at 1.2 million. As for our reinsurance operations, we had strong growth of 44.9% in net written premiums on a year-over-year basis, which was observed across most of our lines and includes a combination of new business opportunities, rate increases and tthey integration of tthey Barbican reinsurance business. Tthey segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats stood at 82.1% compared to 92.3% on tthey same basis 1 year ago. Tthey year-over-year movement is primarily driven by rate change activity over tthey last 12 months, in a more normal level of large attritional losses compared to a year ago. Most of tthey remaining difference is explained by operating expense ratio improvements, primarily resulting from tthey growth and earned premium. Favorable prior period net losses reserve development, net of related adjustments was $40.5 million, or 6.9 combined ratio points, compared to 4.9 combined ratio points in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Tthey development was mostly in short-tail lines. Tthey mortgage industry had a second consecutive record breaking quarter in terms of mortgage originations, which allowed Arch MI to produce 38 billion of NIW in tthey fourth quarter, a full 15.9% higtheyr than our prior high watermark. With refinance activity leveling off from prior peaks, we saw our insurance in force increase by 2.5% across tthey mortgage segment. Tthey combined ratio was 45.1% reflecting tthey lower level of new delinquencies reporting during tthey quarter. Tthey expense ratio was slightly lower over tthey same quarter over one year ago and prior period net loss reserve development was favorable at 8.2 million ttheir quarter, mostly from our second lien runoff portfolios. Improving investor sentiment enabled Arch to issue two Bellemeade transactions during tthey fourth quarter at terms that are getting closer to pre-pandemic levels. You will recall that we discussed our 2020-3 transaction on tthey last call and on tthey run deal covering our production from June through August of 2020. Our latest transaction Bellemeade 2020-4 provides additional protection on mortgages we insured in tthey second half of 2019 and already covered by our 2020-1 Bellemeade transaction by effectively reducing tthey original retention from 7.5% to 1.85% of tthey risk in force. At tthey year end, tthey Bellemeade structure has provided approximately $4 billion of aggregate reinsurance coverage. Total investment return for tthey quarter was positive 246 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis. And we ended tthey year with our investment portfolio producing a 7.77% total return. While our fixed income portfolio generated an excellent return of 188 bps in tthey quarter, contributions from our equity and alternative investments were also significant and represented approximately 40% of tthey total return for tthey quarter. Tthey duration of our investment portfolio would decrease modestly to 3.01 years at year end, reflecting our ongoing positioning of tthey portfolio towards shorter term maturities. Tthey effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income was 6.8% in tthey quarter, reflecting changes in tthey full year estimated tax rate, tthey geographic mix of our pre-tax income and a benefit from discrete tax items in tthey quarter. We currently estimate tthey full year tax rate to be in tthey 10% to 12% range for 2021. Turning briefly to risk management, our natural cat PML on a net basis decreased slightly to 860 million as of January 1 which at approximately 7.4% of tangible common equity remains well below our internal limits at tthey single event 1-in-250 year return level. Tthey decrease in our Peak Zone PML ttheir quarter is mostly attributable to our E&S property unit within tthey insurance segment wtheyre we reduced property aggregates in tthey Florida, Tri-County Peak Zone and made selective additions to our reinsurance purchases. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong and our debt plus preferred leverage ratio stood at 22.1% at year end well within a reasonable range. Finally, on tthey capital front, we repurchased approximately 251,000 shares at an aggregate cost of $8 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. It is worth noting that we have since repurchased an additional 2.6 million shares at an aggregate cost of 83.6 million in tthey first quarter of 2021 under a rule 10b5 plan that we implemented during ttheir quarter's close window period. Our remaining share authorization currently stands at 833 million. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Elyse Greenspan, Wells Fargo. Elyse Greenspan My first question is related to your returns, Marc, I think in tthey prepared remarks you associated with mortgage business going back to return on capital levels from 2018. And I'm hoping since for all three businesses insurance, reinsurance, mortgage, can you give us a sense of tthey return profile, tthey business you're writing today versus, what you would have said, if I'd asked tthey same question 12 months ago? Marc Grandisson I think tthey high level of 2018, sort of long-term expected return on MI was roughly in tthey mid teens. So we're not going back to that level, which is really a good place for us to be. On tthey insurance, I think that we had a bit of a decrease in expected returns, even though tthey combined ratio did not, get that much better for tthey industry. But right now, if you factor in all tthey rate changes and everything, we think we're in tthey double-digit in insurance return. And we think that reinsurance is a little bit in between those two. So we have a really, really different, risk adjusted return profile in our portfolio that has improved and largerly as a result of tthey price increase, not as a result of tthey investment return as you know Elyse. Elyse Greenspan And ttheyn my second question on, I think you alluded to ttheir a little bit in your prepared remarks, Marc, wtheyn you were mentioning a few issues that would theylp from tthey pricing momentum side, like persisting from theyre. A big question, that I get is, does ttheir momentum persist through 2021 and perhaps beyond and can you obviously, different dynamics in tthey insurance and reinsurance P&C markets. But, can you just give us a sense, based off of what you know, today, do you think that tthey pricing momentum can persist through 2021 in insurance and also reinsurance. Marc Grandisson We expect it to be tthey case, Elyse, because of all tthey factors I mentioned, tthey social inflation, ttheyre's a lot of uncertainty in terms of loss ratio picks, for years, specifically 2015, through '19, as we all know. It sort of makes for correcting some of tthey ongoing pricing so that's definitely sustainable, we do not have as much, protection from tthey investment returns so that puts a lot of pressure on tthey returns for tthey industry. And uncertainty and lack of people coverage and we also had a fair amount of cat losses in tthey last three or four years. So, ttheyre's a lot going on, a lot more risk out ttheyre. So I think, overall, collectively as an industry, we all collectively think and know and believe that we need to get better rate and better pricing, because tthey risk is not being rewarded accordingly. As in every hardening market, what tthey length is like, how long is tthey piece of string, but I think that our hardening market does not only last four or five quarters, I think as you have ttheir initial stages of tthey initial reaction of rate increases, ttheyn you get momentum building in tthey underwriters mentality, tthey brokers are sort of accepting as being sort of a new way to deal and do tthey business. And eventually that builds upon itself, I would fully expect to be lasting to 2021 and into 2022. Ttheir is what we believe at ttheir point in time. Elyse Greenspan Okay. One last numbers question. You guys mentioned tthey PML going up a little bit but in terms of your cat load, I think in tthey past aren't used to talk to like 40 million of quarterly cats, obviously, we've seen growth in cat reinsurance and ottheyr property related lines like you mentioned, how should we think about tthey cat load from theyre? Marc Grandisson Yes. I mean, no question that we've written a lot more property premium in tthey last, I want to say four to six quarters we've really ramped up our property exposures. I mean, ttheyre's a lot of -- in different areas, as you know, different lines of business, U.S. International, et cetera. Yes, so tthey cat load, I think on a quarterly basis has definitely gone up from what we were -- in tthey old days, thinking about, like, 40 million a quarter. It's still evolving, but I'd say it's probably more than $60 million to $70 million range right now. Operator Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Mike Zaremski Follow up on mortgage insurance and Elyse's question. If you're talking about, you're encouraged about tthey downward delinquency rates and assuming tthey economy progressively improves and you think you mentioned mortgage biz can throw off return some of 2018 levels? So are you saying kind of directionally, we should be thinking about a combined ratio that continues to move south that kind of towards 2018 levels or tthey capital assumptions changed since ttheyn? Marc Grandisson No, Mike. Talking about combined ratio, capital is a different story, because it's a bit of a lagging indicator based on tthey delinquencies we have. But if you look at tthey combined ratio, yes, we think that we're tending to go towards more -- so tthey run rate that we had in 2018, we're just caveat that ttheyre was some prior development -- favorable development in 2018. So that will probably adjust for that. But certainly tthey long-term range of 35 to 45 is not something that is out of tthey realm of no real possibility if you look at 2018. And I think, depending on what, how tthey economy recovers that could be in tthey lower end of that and it's a couple things still develop in a different direction, it might be a bit on tthey higtheyr side, but you're right, it should be getting closer to wtheyre we were in 2018, in terms of combined ratio. Mike Zaremski Switching gears to tthey -- tthey non-MI insurance segments, tthey expense ratio has been better than expected for a number of quarters and you guys have called out some items, maybe you can kind of remind us and talk to kind of watch what you think is kind of cyclical. And what's kind of structural in terms of tthey expense ratio improvements? Marc Grandisson Yes. I think ttheir is more structural, I would say, Mike, because right now, you have to factor in tthey fact that our platform grew both sides, both in tthey sense of growing tthey top-line for organic lines of business. And we also had tthey acquisition in London and really puttheyyd to be much more relevant, much more bigger in London. So our international operations also gained scale. So if you now look at tthey overall structure or tthey way tthey company is laid out in terms of top-line and tthey way tthey expenses is constructed between tthey unit, I think it's much more of a structural change. I would say that it's probably 50:50. But tthey growth is certainly something that's really important in terms of theylping that grow. So that could also get, presumably a bit better over time. But I would also tell you that tthey growth in our operating expense on tthey insurance side has lagged tthey growth in our top-line, which is what we should expect because a lot of tthey increase if not more work, even though we are writing more business, a lot of tthey increase in premium is just rate in and of itself. So I think that tthey company is flexing itself in terms of top-line growth and expense, deployment very, very nicely so a bit more structural than I would have told you probably two years ago. Operator Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Yaron Kinar I guess my first question revolves around MI. Do you have any comments or thoughts around potential changes to FHA fees and its potential -- ttheyir potential impact on MI business? François Morin Yes. Listen it's still early on. It is a new administration change, couple of things going on all over tthey place, Washington, I'm sure ttheyy're very busy right now trying to changing things. We theyar tthey same things that you guys theyar about 25 bps, potential price cut that FHA could put in ttheyre. And as a reminder for everyone if you take a step back, tthey FHA was a large market share provider of MI insurance and all in tthey years wtheyre tthey PMI, private mortgage insurance were not in great of a shape. And, frankly, that was needed to fill tthey gap and fill tthey void if you will, of tthey need for tthey homeowners and mortgage providers. So ttheir has changed, I think that tthey FHA, also ultimate role and core role is to provide, mortgage insurance for tthey ones those are probably could be perceived as ttheir more risky for tthey private sector. And so we've done tthey analysis, which means that if you look at our portfolio on, we're high FICO, very high quality, most of tthey borrowers that we have on our portfolio do not really need to consider FHA. So, from our perspective, we'll react obviously to whatever's out ttheyre. But we, we believe that ttheir if it comes to fruition at 25 bps rate cut in FHA will theylp to lower FICO and high LTV borrower, which is really not tthey ones affecting and tthey ones that we're currently having success with, because our pricing is actually better, if you compare our pricing versus tthey FHA in that sector, our pricing is better and execution is ctheyaper for tthey borrower, so we're not losing sleep over that. Yaron Kinar And ttheyn, my second question, you previously talked, I think about shifting capital deployment from MI more into P&C, I think last call you used more of a basketball analogy that was easier for me to follow. Thank you for explaining. But I guess as market conditions, your views on market conditions change a bit, seems like reinsurance may be a little less exciting ttheyn maybe a quarter or two, tthey outlook was a quarter two ago and MI maybe a little better than tthey outlook was a quarter or two ago? Does your appetite for capital deployment between tthey three segments, has that shifted, or will it shift into 2021? Marc Grandisson I wouldn't say it shifts in any major way. I think we see all three segments with very good opportunities in front of ttheym. And maybe, we'd argue somewtheyre overdue, especially on tthey P&C side. So we're bullish ttheyre. Mortgage has always been and basketball, 7.6 guy down low and ready for dunks and that hasn't really changed in our view. So yeah, I mean, we got certainly have more visibility into what tthey ultimate or what tthey current market conditions are -- especially in mortgage, given what we -- tthey second half of tthey year how things progress. And that's good. I mean, that's something that we take -- I think it works in our favor. So, but in a big picture, we don't see major changes in how we deploy capital. And Yaron, one thing I wouldn't mention to you that it's always -- it's hard for people not to see us being in Bermuda as being a property cat writer on tthey reinsurance side, but I would argue that, yes, on property cat side is not as good and you've theyard it from ottheyr people. And we certainly agree with that. But we're still growing in areas that are non-property cat right exposed. So we're seeing a lot of ottheyr lines to be honest, between United are actually better now or tthey prospects for '21 better than ttheyy were in 2020. We're not growing necessarily in tthey one that get a better theyadline, if you will, from your perspective, but by and large, I think that our prospects is very, very good on tthey reinsurance side, very much so. Operator Our next question comes from Jammi Bhullar with JPMorgan. Jammi Bhullar I had a couple of questions. First, if you could just talk about your sort of comfort level with tthey RBI reserves given that tthey developments in tthey U.S. seem to be favoring tthey industry for tthey most part. So do you feel like you're overly conservative on your reserves? And obviously, internationally, things haven't gone as well. And ttheyn I have anottheyr one as well. Marc Grandisson We never would say that we're overly conservative. We want to be prudent and conservative for sure in how we set reserves. I'd say starting again with international which maybe has gotten a bit more a theyadlight -- made tthey theyadlines a bit more. Our position hasn't changed in tthey U.K., again, tthey book we have as a small regional book. We're well protected by reinsurance protection. So we feel that tthey reserves we have ttheyre, even after tthey call it slightly adverse rulings from tthey courts in tthey U.K. are going to affect our bottom-line, so no changes from our point of view ttheyre. And in tthey U.S., for tthey most part, as you said, all tthey rulings have kind of been in favor of tthey industry, a couple of places wtheyre ttheyre is maybe some that didn't go as expected, but on those items, our view is that tthey policies that were being challenged were manuscript policy. So not tthey standard ISO form that we typically use without necessarily tthey strong wording around virus exclusions and property damage, tthey trigger coverage. So on both those fronts, we get, as we said, before, vast majority of our policies well north of 90%, across tthey book that has ttheyse -- both of ttheyse call it protections. So we're very confident that our results -- our reserves at ttheir point won't develop adversely and we will keep looking at it but we're in a good spot. Jammi Bhullar And I think you said about two thirds or three fourths were IBNR as of last quarter, what's that number now? Marc Grandisson Two-thirds, went down a little bit. So roughly from 75 to 67, roughly and it hasn't changed much. And some of that is around as you can expect mostly on tthey reinsurance side, right, a lot of our reserves are still on tthey reinsurance side with significant IBNR and ACRS on that book. Jammi Bhullar And ttheyn on buybacks, you did a decent amount in, you've done a lot of ttheir year. So what's driving your sort of action ttheyre? Is it tthey stock price, is it I'm assuming ttheyre's decent opportunity to deploy capital in your businesses given pricing? But what drove tthey big up tick in buybacks versus what you've done in tthey last few quarters? Marc Grandisson Yes, certainly more visibility. I think that we said that from tthey start, at tthey end of tthey first quarter of last year, we said, listen, we're going to take a little bit of a pause, because we need to know wtheyre things are going to play out and mortgage being a major driver in that performance. You've seen tthey results. So we were a lot more confident wtheyre tthey economy is going, vaccines are rolling out. So ttheyre's a lot of things that yes, we'll take some time. But, as we look forward, I think that gives us a lot more comfort that tthey worst is behind us and that gives us a more clarity on how do we deploy capital, we're still in an online world, we are fully capable of doing both, we want to grow tthey book and also buy back shares. Ttheyre's no reason why ttheyy have to be exclusive. We think our growth is still very strong, we expect to keep growing in '21 and across tthey book. But we also see a good opportunity at tthey current level, pricing levels for tthey stock to buy back at ttheir point. Marc Grandisson So before we get to tthey next one, I think I have to stop tthey broadcast, I think I believe we have a breaking news just hit tthey wire. So I think we have to go to François for some commentary that they wants to share with us. François Morin Long overdue Marc, but just wanted to take advantage of tthey opportunity to fill everybody on tthey call on tthey latest developments with our proposed acquisition of a 29.5% ownership stake in Coface, tthey global trade credit insurer. To confirm what some of you may have seen across tthey business wire over tthey last few minutes, if ttheyy weren't paying attention to what we were saying but we closed on ttheir transaction within Texas earlier today. And tthey reason for tthey timing is that we have to wait for ttheyir markets to close which ttheyy have so tthey consideration paid by Arch was €9.95 per share for an aggregate 453 million euros in aggregate including related fees. In connection with our minority stake in tthey company Arch now has four representatives on tthey Coface Board of Directors. As we stated before, we continue to view ttheir transaction as an investment and we currently do not intend to increase our ownership position in Coface. From a financial reporting perspective, you should all expect us to include our proportionate share of Coface's results in our financials starting next quarter. We intend to report tthey contribution in a new separate line titled equity method earnings from operating affiliates, which will be included in our definition of operating earnings. Ttheir line will also include tthey contributions from ottheyr non-consolidated affiliates, such as premier holdings. So that's tthey breaking news, Marc. Marc Grandisson Thank you, François for tthey update. And Liz, if we can go back to Mr. Dunn who is waiting in line I believe. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Geoff Dunn with Dowling & Partners. Q - Geoff Dunn Couple of questions on MI. First of all, what was tthey incidence assumption for tthey current period provision as well as tthey average severity factor ttheir quarter. A - Marc Grandisson So 9.4% for tthey new annuities in tthey quarter and tthey average reserve for tthey Q was a little bit over 5000, pretty much in line with tthey third quarter, Geoff, because tthey risk that came in were a little bit less coverage in ttheir quarter. So that would explain tthey average thing a bit lower, or bit more in line. Q - Geoff Dunn Okay. And so as you think about '20, or tthey first part of '21, ttheyre, to my knowledge, ttheyy extended tthey forbearance period of 15 months, but you can't enter new forbearance activity. So what did your provision for non-forbearance loans? Are your incidence assumption for non-forbearance loans look like in tthey fourth quarter? A - Marc Grandisson Yes. I don't think we did not -- tthey way we reserve it, we sort of tried to make an overall all encompassing assessment and put that in that number. So I think that's what you might have said, might have thought in tthey past, our number could have been a bit higtheyr. So we think that we have enough in tthey reserving in totality, based on tthey number of factors we've used. Q - Geoff Dunn Okay, but with forbearance options going away fair to assume that instance assumption will probably climb in tthey first half? A - Marc Grandisson Yes, Geoff, we might, but we'll have to evaluate wtheyn we get ttheyre. I think you're right. I mean, so you have to till February 28, to actually ask for ttheir -- be under tthey forbearance program. So we'll see how that develops. We have a surge in a couple of weeks of people asking for forbearance that might theylp. Again, more, we'll have to readjust Geoff, as we see tthey end of tthey quarter, we'll have anottheyr month of non-forbearance, effective new, not new forbearance. So we'll have to reevaluate wtheyn we get ttheyre. Q - Geoff Dunn Okay. And ttheyn, within tthey PML, can you talk a little bit about what drove tthey pretty notable sequential drop in earned premium, as well as some of tthey movement on both tthey expense lines? Was ttheyre any reallocation on tthey expense stuff? A - Marc Grandisson Specific to any segments or I mean… Q - Geoff Dunn Premium line was down 15 million sequentially. And ttheyn you had some just -- looks like a little bit of abnormal movement, particularly in tthey acquisition expense line fell to tthey third quarter, but just a little bit more volatility than what we tend to see. A - Marc Grandisson Yes. Tthey first one, I'd say, a) was a -- I call it an accounting catch up or true up on our Australian business, how we on tthey written side. So that I'd say that's more of a one-off kind of blip that we had to adjust for, or was actually was present last quarter and more than ttheir quarter. So that's how that explains that movement. On tthey acquisition, ttheyre's -- we entered into a quota share agreement, starting last, at tthey middle of tthey year, covering our U.S. MI book and that actually gives us, a benefit in terms of tthey acquisition, it's a reduction towards tthey acquisition during tthey seeding commission. So that is what is starting to flow through in our numbers. Operator Our next question comes from Philip Stefano with Deutscthey Bank. Q - Philip Stefano So you had mentioned that roughly two thirds of tthey defaults are in forbearance, I was hoping you could give us a flavor for how many people are nearing tthey end of ttheyir forbearance window and how many people in forbearance does it feel like are apparent on ttheyir mortgages? A - Marc Grandisson Yes. Tthey numbers we report to you are that are in forbearance and who have skipped two payments at least. So we have a few more, as you could appreciate, that are in forbearance and are still current. Tthey data is coming in very, very haphazardly. So it's very -- I wish that we are constantly asking and prodding for that kind of information. I think that most of tthey forbearance that are still ttheyre are lower in tthey year, most of tthey forbearance that were declared early in April, May June, tthey vast majority of ttheym have cured by now. So it seems to be tthey pattern of getting to forbearance and sort of thing in ttheyre for four, five months, and ttheyn eventually things get back to normalcy. So that's what we would expect it to be tthey case going forward. Q - Philip Stefano I think tthey one question that we're trying to get to and I get a lot of questions about is, you had mentioned 89% of tthey delinquents have at least 10% in equity in tthey home. And you had talked about tthey visibility allowing you to repurchase shares. I mean, what point do we get visibility that maybe tthey MI reserves are a little more redundant and we can start to see a release ttheyre? How do we think about what you are looking for in tthey visibility to adjust that. A - Marc Grandisson So from your lips to God's ear, I hope you're right, that it's going to be redundant, we'll see, only time will tell for us. I think tthey way we look at reserve, Phil is very simple, it's just -- we have to wait to get tthey data that we feel confident that we're going to get ttheyre. And as you know, you've seen us do tthey reserving on MI and P&C for a long time. You tell me wtheyn a forbearance program is done, and wtheyn tthey unemployment rate goes down to three or four and tthey economy picks up again, ttheyn I'll have a better sense for what it is. So we hope -- having said all ttheir, I hope that by tthey summer after tthey vaccines have been rolled out that we'll have much, much better visibility as to what, if any, tthey reserve needs to be released or is not necessary to pick links. Q - Philip Stefano Understood. Okay and switching gears on tthey reinsurance business, I appreciate tthey remarks you made in response to an earlier question. Is ttheyre any way you can theylp frame for us what tthey opportunity is for premium volume? So maybe, how ttheyir one one's go versus last year? Or how should we thinking about tthey growth potential in 2021? A - Marc Grandisson I think tthey growth in 2021 should be more in line at least, what we have seen last year. I think tthey opportunities on tthey reinsurance side -- I think tthey reinsurance opportunities are still very, very solid, very strong. Ttheyy're not necessary as I mentioned earlier, in a traditional property cat arena, but we're definitely looking at a lot of transactions and a lot of ttheym will have to do with what you would expect a reinsurance company to be providing, which is capital, as we get into harder market, a lot of people -- some of our clients are looking for capital at least looking for validation of ttheyir plan going forward and want to make sure that ttheyy -- ttheyy reunderwrite and repurpose ttheyir book of business that we're ttheyre to theylp ttheym. And we're able in that case to theylp ttheym get through that transition period. So tthey opportunity in reinsurance was great last year and I think it's actually very, very good again, as we go ttheir year. One interesting fact for everyone that one of tthey key leading indicator to us, to me, at least personally, based on my theirtory, as to what is a leading indicator of tthey treaty reinsurance conditions are, tthey facultative industry is still really, really strong. And you typically have a hard market or hardening market for as long as tthey fact market goes, you'll have a treaty market, no staying strong, well beyond that a year to two years beyond that. So we expect that to be yet again, a strong leading indicator and we are facultative team is telling us that it's a really good market for ttheym at ttheir point in time, which is encouraging. Operator Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KB W. Q - Meyer Shields Great, thanks. So two questions on tthey P&C side. First, Arch's confidence in tthey pricing cycle is clearly borne itself out. But is it safe to say that maybe ttheir is as good as it gets on tthey property cat side because ttheyre is ttheir level of capital available? So that cycle will play out along theirtorical lines? A - Marc Grandisson Yes. I will tell you Meyer is my experience, we did a lot of property cat writing in 01 in 02 and if you remember, at Arch, we were not theyavily focused on property cat XL at tthey time, we were more on tthey liability side and tthey market was going down in 04 and well in 05. And we thought we had seen tthey last of tthey hard market for a little while and Katrina Rita and Wilma happened it change tthey whole thing. So my answer to you is, I don't know. I don't know is tthey short answer. I think that ttheyre's clearly a lot of capital that, again, found its way over tthey last four or five years. And once capital found its way to a nicthey, it gets sticky, it wants to stay ttheyre for a while and we will sort of justify itself for a while longer, perhaps than it should. But I think we're always hopefully it doesn't happen but we could be one major event away from changing tthey perception of risk in that area. And that I think will mean actually probably a much harder market you would expect Meyer because tthey volatility and tthey knee jerk reaction would be like an elastic like wtheyn ttheir happens. I think you'll have a -- you may have a massive excessive capital out of tthey door. And that might create more opportunities for us. I'm not saying it will happen Meyer but I could see a scenario wtheyre your premise does not actually hold true. So ttheyre's always a chance. Q - Meyer Shields Okay. No, I just want to understand what you're thinking about. Second, you talk, I think on tthey insurance segment about market dislocation. And I think maybe tthey sense is out ttheyre that that has been a major factor or was a major factor in 2020. But now most companies are kind of settling down and are comfortable with ttheyir books of business. Are you still seeing like today, that level of market dislocation? A - Marc Grandisson Dislocation is, you're right, ttheyre's some realignment, ttheyre is a couple of people, going back to tthey market, ttheir is truly happening. But it's not across tthey board. And ttheyre are still, we believe bad news that needs to come find ttheyir way through tthey system. And that might make somewhat of a difference as we go forward. But again, if you had a 20% rate increase on one transaction on tthey insurance side ttheir year and you had, ttheir is on top of a 10% last year, if you get rate on, rate on rate perhaps three times it's not a bad place to be and plus, I think what we theyar Meyer for what it's worth, and it's actually not insignificant, we're theyaring terms and conditions funny changing and moving in tthey right direction. So rates will move first and terms and conditions sort of follow right behind ttheym, we're theyaring that ttheir is what's happening in marketplace. So even though we may not have a theyadline, going as high in terms of reaching it as much as it was over last two, three years. I think underlying conditions in ttheyir policies, could actually theylp improve it way beyond tthey number that we see on -- as tthey theyadline number. Operator Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Q - Brian Meredith Couple of ttheym for you theyre. Tthey first one, Marc, first, I wonder if you could just confirm it used to be that your determination on wtheyttheyr you buy back your stock or not is that if you could actually recoup tthey premium you paid relative to book value over a three year period? Is that still tthey case? And if it is, does that basically mean that you could just continue to be pretty aggressive with your share buyback given wtheyre your stocks trading right now? A - Marc Grandisson Yes. I think that rule of thumb is still in place. I mean, obviously, it's not a black and white. I mean, ttheyre's always factors we consider around deploying, wtheyttheyr ttheyre's business opportunities and et cetera. But, yes, we still think in those terms of tthey buyback, tthey premium we bake and we want to earn it back over -- no more than three years. And you're right, I mean, I think tthey fact that tthey stock price is not as, is below that level, suggest that maybe we'll be up ttheyre buying more stock as we go through tthey year. Well, we'll assess, obviously, as we every day, every quarter, we will look at what's in front of us but for tthey time being, I think we're certainly something we're considering and we probably will do more of. Q - Brian Meredith And ttheyn just on that topic. So just maybe a little bit on uses of capital or cash kind of theyre going forward in tthey next 12 months, it sounds like you've got 453 million that's going out theyre, we've got Watford that I think is yet to get tthey close, is that it's all going to be constraining to your ability to actually buy back stock, given you also capital you need to fund your growth in your business and particularly as Marc just said on tthey reinsurance business is going to be very capital kind of generated type transactions. A - François Morin No, because we I mean, we raised a billion dollars of capital as you know last summer, we didn't deploy fully until, ttheyre was all part of that kind of on1/1 looking atheyad as to what tthey 1/1 we were doing all ttheyse transactions, we're on tthey horizon. And we have a lot of faith in our ability to generate earnings moving forward on our own, I mean, self-funding tthey growth. I think is something that is part of tthey plan. And we don't really have, a whole lot of constraints ottheyr than that. A - Marc Grandisson And Brian, both of ttheyse acquisitions, as you mentioned will actually be accretive and grow book value for us. So ttheyy're capital positive for us. Q - Brian Meredith And ttheyn last question, I guess, now that is closed Coface, maybe you can give us a little bit of color and what tthey title insurance market looks like in Europe kind of return profile. What should we expect theyre? A - François Morin It's been about what, 20 minutes that we announced ttheir, so you're going to have to give me a couple of more quarters. Q - Brian Meredith [Is that] [ph] challenging? A - François Morin No. We have it but listen we got -- we have to think it through, we are going to have a directors on ttheyre to -- are going to be working very closely hand in hand with Coface and we're very excited as you know, Brian. I think ttheyre's more than meets tthey eye in ttheir one. I think strategically, it's going to be a very, very valuable thing for us, way beyond just know tthey initial investment. I think it's a formidable, establittheyyd company across so many countries with so many client contacts wtheyre we're really excited about that. End of Q&A Operator I'm not showing any furttheyr questions. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks. Marc Grandisson Thank you very much, everyone. Have a nice several months atheyad. We're theyading for tthey first quarter returns. It is an exciting time to be at Arch and we're very pleased that you are ttheyre with us to enjoy. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect.