Arch Capital Group Ltd (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call April 27, 2023 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - CEO & Director Francois Morin - EVP, CFO & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities Jamminder Bhullar - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Tracy Benguigui - Barclays Bank Michael Zaremski - BMO Capital Markets Joshua Shanker - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Meyer Shields - KBW Brian Meredith - UBS Yaron Kinar - Jefferies Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q1 2023 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Before tthey company gets started with ttheir update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed on tthey company -- excuse me, filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey safe harbor created ttheyreby. Management also may make reference to certain non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP for each non-GAAP financial measure can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd on tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's website and on tthey SEC's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Robert. Good morning, and welcome to Arch's earnings call for tthey first quarter of 2023. I'm pleased to report that as a direct result of our premium growth momentum from tthey past few hard market years, we reported an excellent start to tthey year. Financial highlights include book value per share growth of 8.4% in tthey quarter and an annualized operating ROE of 20.7%. Our P&C underwriting teams continue to lean into attractive market conditions were excellent risk-adjusted returns remain available, growing net premiums written by 35% over tthey same period last year. A key element of cycle management is to respond aggressively wtheyn you see conditions change. Since 2019, we have seen tthey market psychology pivot to underwriting discipline and our underwriting teams were prepared to become a more willing provider of capacity. Tthey current property cat dislocation has resulted in us targeting growth in property lines and ttheir should furttheyr improve our returns as we continue to benefit on tthey cumulative effect of improved rates, terms and conditions. Tthey $327 million of underwriting income generated from our 2 P&C segments ttheir quarter is a testament to our commitment in tthey improved market. Our mortgage segment operates on a different cycle than tthey P&C, but it remains a significant contributor to earnings, generating a theyalthy $243 million of underwriting income in tthey quarter as our high-quality insurance in force portfolio remained stable at $513 million. And in our P&C growth, I want to emphasize that Arch is first and foremost, an underwriting company. Being an effective underwriting cycle manager means that our underwriters know that ttheyy have degrees of freedom in choosing to deploy capital across our diversified specialty focused platform. Because we have a wider range of choices to allocate underwriting capital at any time, we can generate more consistent and stable underwriting income over tthey long run. Our growth in ttheir hard market would not exist without our unwavering underwriting integrity. Our focus on underwriting leads through profit stability and better reserving visibility. And over time, ttheyse more stable results lead to greater balance ttheyyet strength which in turn enables us to more aggressively deploy capital wtheyn we see market conditions change in our favor. At Arch, we're deeply committed to tthey art and science of underwriting because we know that underwriting integrity over time solidified our conviction and agility to proactively respond to changing market positions. I'll now share a few highlights from our segments. First with P&C. Overall, tthey P&C environment continues to offer plenty of opportunities as evidenced by our growth. As you see in our premium numbers, tthey reinsurance market, in particular, is very attractive right now. Reinsurance typically react more quickly to tthey changing environment and primary insurance, and we are witnessing ttheir ptheynomenon in ttheyse early stages of improvement in tthey property market. In our insurance segment, we continue to take advantage of favorable market conditions. For tthey past few quarters, property has seen significant rate escalation, which supported our 37% net premium written growth in that line of business during tthey first quarter of '23. Tthey property market is still broadly dislocated, and we believe it will take furttheyr rate improvement before it finds equilibrium. Elsewtheyre, general liability rates have pick up again and large account D&O is on a very few P&C lines that has decelerating rates. Overall, tthey market remains disciplined in its behavior, and we continue to obtain rate above trend. On our last earnings call, we noted property cat reinsurance dislocation at tthey 1/1 renewals, which led to significant effective rate increases. For tthey first quarter, reinsurance cat net premiums written roughly doubled over tthey last -- over tthey same period in '22. From our perspective, tthey improved conditions at 1/1 are a positive leading indicator as we prepare for tthey midyear renewals, wtheyre peak zone capacity remains tight. We are well positioned to take advantage of ttheir opportunity. Arch is an increasingly prominent provider of choice in tthey property and casualty space. Ttheir is to be expected over time because of our differentiated cycle management strategy. To execute our strategy, we continuously invest in improving our capabilities. We hire and retain tough tier talent and teams, and we seek to enhance our tools and technology with tthey aim of becoming a more intelligent, stable and able provider of insurance products for our clients. Finally, our compensation structure rewards underwriting performance first and foremost. Ttheir is a powerful glue that aligns strategy with execution. Now let me move to mortgage. Our mortgage segment continued to generate solid underwriting income and risk-adjusted returns, largely because our portfolio was shaped with a focus on credit quality and data-driven risk selection. Credit quality in our mortgage portfolio is excellent, as demonstrated by our 1.65% delinquency rate, tthey lowest since March of 2020. Our disciplined underwriting approach has produced a portfolio with a more favorable risk profile, including higtheyr fiber scores and both lower loan-to-value and debt-to-income ratios than our peers in tthey sector. Typical seasonality and tempered demand for housing in tthey first quarter affected new insurance written. However, production was in line with our expectations given tthey theyalthy market conditions. We're seeing pricing discipline across tthey MI industry as rates have increased over tthey past year. Tthey MI industry's underwriting discipline is encouraging and allows us to maintain our focus on risk selection to achieve adequate risk-adjusted return. Tthey MI industry is competitive, but faced with tthey current risk factors in tthey broader economy is acting rationally. As a result, our MI team continues to have opportunities to deploy capital. It isn't a football season yet, but with tthey NFL draft beginning tonight, football was on my mind. Back in tthey 1960s, a football team from a small Wisconsin town dominated tthey sport winning 5 championships in a decade. Tthey team, as you all know, was tthey Green Bay Packers and ttheyir coach was Vince Lombardi, widely regarded as one of tthey greatest coach of all time in any sport. One thing that made Lombardi a great leader was their obsession with excellence and execution. During ttheyir dominance, a key part of ttheyir offense was a very simple play called tthey Power Sweep. Tthey quarter back would hand tthey ball to tthey running back, we ran tthey ball to one side of tthey offensive line and ttheyn defensive line acted at blockers, allowing tthey running back to [indiscernible] it. No frills, no surprises. Opponents knew what was coming, but [indiscernible] and nobody could sell it. We talk a lot about cycle management and underwriting discipline on ttheyse calls and for good reason. It's hardwired into how we operate tthey company. Ttheyy are not novel concepts. Ttheyy're actually quite simplistic. Tthey key, like with Lombardi Green Bay Packers is conviction and execution excellence. So day after day and year after year, we line up and essentially run tthey same play, write a lot of business wtheyn rates are high and a lot less wtheyn rates are well. Francois? Francois Morin Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all, and thanks for joining us today. As Marc highlighted, we kicked off 2023 with excellent underwriting results across all tthey segments, and our investment income continued its upward path, benefiting from a higtheyr interest rate environment and strong operating cash flows. For tthey quarter, we reported after-tax operating income of $1.73 per share for an annualized operating return on average common equity of 20.7%. Book value per share was up 8.4% in tthey quarter to $35.35, reflecting not only our strong results, but also tthey unwinding of approximately $350 million of unrealized losses on our fixed income portfolio net of taxes. Turning to tthey operating segments. Net premium written by our reinsurance segment remained on its strong trajectory and grew by 51.5% over tthey same quarter last year. Ttheir growth occurred across most of our lines of business with a particular emphasis on property lines, marine and aviation and ottheyr specialties. Tthey overall bottom line of tthey segment will also very good with a combined ratio of 84.3% and a relatively small impact of $59 million from current accident year capacity lawsuits. It's worth mentioning that our top line reflects tthey impact of some larger transactions which are not uncommon during periods of significant market dislocation. We cannot tell wtheyttheyr tthey frequency and size of ttheyse transactions will recur in future periods, but we are optimistic that market conditions will remain attractive for ttheir foreseeable future. Tthey Insurance segment also performed well with first quarter net premium revenue growth of 19.1% over tthey same quarter 1 year ago and an [indiscernible] quarter combined ratio, excluding cat of 89.8%. Ttheyre were a handful of items affecting our top line marked significantly ttheir quarter, such as a large transaction in tthey lenders and tthey warranty line of business and very strong market conditions in tthey property, energy and marine lines business, both positives, which were partially offset by tthey theyadwinds of weaker foreign currencies against tthey U.S. dollar compared to a year ago. We estimate that on a constant dollar basis, our net written premium growth would have been approximately 230 basis points higtheyr than reported in our financials. Most of our lines of business still benefit from excellent market conditions both in tthey U.S. and internationally, and we remain positive about our ability to grow and write business at expected returns that meet our [indiscernible] as we approach tthey second half of tthey year. Our Mortgage segment had anottheyr excellent quarter with a combined ratio of 20% from strong performance across all our units. Net premiums earned were up slightly on a sequential basis reflecting tthey increased persistency of our insurance in force during tthey quarter at U.S. MI and good growth in our units outside of U.S. MI. We recorded approximately $73 million of favorable prior reserve development in tthey quarter, with approximately 2/3 coming from U.S. MI and tthey rest spread across our ottheyr units. [indiscernible] activity ttheir quarter in U.S. MI was particularly strong as we benefited from tthey higtheyst first quarter cure rate we have seen in tthey past 6 years, excluding 2020. At tthey end of tthey quarter, over 80% of our net reserves at U.S. MI are from post-COVID accident periods. Overall, our underwriting income reflected $126 million of favorable prior year reserve development on a pretax basis or 4.3 points on tthey combined ratio and was observed across all 3 segments. Quarterly income from operating affiliates stood at $39 million and was generated from good results at Coface, Somers and Premia. As you may already know, Coface recently declared a dividend of EUR 1.52 per share, which should result in a EUR 68 million dividend to Arch and link May, subject to Coface shareholder approval. Although ttheir amount will not benefit our income statement next quarter, we believe it reflects very well on Coface's results and prospects for tthey periods atheyad. Pretax net investment income was $0.53 per share, up 10% from tthey fourth quarter of 2022 as our pretax investment income yield exceeded 3% for tthey first quarter since 2011. With new money rates in our fixed income portfolio holding relatively flat in tthey 4.5% to 5% range, we should see furttheyr improvement in our net investment income returns in tthey coming quarters. Total return for our investment portfolio was 2.54% on a U.S. dollar basis for tthey quarter with all our strategies delivering positive returns. Tthey contribution to tthey overall result was primarily led by our fixed income portfolio, which benefited from slight downward pressure on interest rates during tthey quarter. While fixed income market volatility was elevated intra-quarter because of tthey stress in tthey U.S. and Swiss banking systems and tthey implications for monetary policies of central banks, spreads at quarter end were generally consistent with those at year-end 2022. Tthey overall position of our investment portfolio remains neutral relative to our target allocation and we are well positioned to capitalize should ttheyre be furttheyr dislocation in tthey capital markets. Of interest, our commercial real estate exposure is distributed across a variety of strategies. Accounts are only 6% of Arch's investment portfolio is highly rated as a low loan-to-value ratio and is more concentrated in multifamily housing investments with minimal positions in tthey office properties. [indiscernible] tthey acquisitions are concentrated with large money central banks with no significant exposure to U.S. regional banks. Turning to risk management. Our natural cat PML on a net basis stood at $1.69 billion as of April 1 or 8.1% of tangible shareholders' equity, again, well below our internal limits at tthey single event 1 in 250-year return level. Our peak zone PML is currently tthey U.S. Norttheyast and reflects some pockets of increased capacity we deployed at April 1 in response to good market opportunities atheyad of tthey more active renewal period at June 1 and July 1.  In summary, we remain very positive on tthey current market and tthey opportunities atheyad of us across all tthey segments. As tthey current expected returns, we believe deploying meaningful capacity in our businesses currently represents our best option to maximize returns for tthey benefit of our shareholders. Our commitment to being active yet disciplined capital allocators, remain a core principle of ours that should lead to long-term value creation and success. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey first question comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Elyse Greenspan My first question, Marc, in your introductory comments, you said that we're in tthey early stages of improvement in tthey property market, right? We've seen strong rates at January 1 that have persisted into April 1. And my sense is could persist through tthey midyear. So could you just comment on what you mean by early stages and how you could see ttheir playing out in -- during tthey rest of 2023 and into 2024. Marc Grandisson Very good question, Elyse. I think tthey -- wtheyn we have a dislocation such as tthey one we sort of realized and experienced after Ian in tthey fourth quarter of last year, tthey renewals took place on tthey reinsurance place at much higtheyr rates by 30%, 50%, 60% price and tthey rate increases. Obviously, you have theyard that on ottheyr calls. We had tthey same experience. Tthey reason [indiscernible] tthey first to move reacting to deploying capacity and ttheyy should because ttheyy have to commit tthey capital for a 12-month period. Now we have a lot of portfolio from tthey insurance side. Ttheir is what I think is going to be leading tthey market and continue to underscore and support tthey market is tthey insurance portfolios hours included at tthey interest level, ttheyy're going through a reoptimization, realigning of capacity, realigning our pricing terms and positions, and ttheir is widely spread across tthey industry. But an insurance product does not get all renewed at 1/1, right? Tthey renewal takes place over a 12-month deal. So what we're seeing and theyaring right now is tthey market psychology is squarely in tthey camp of getting improved terms and positions on tthey primary side. Which will ttheyn lead to obviously furttheyr improvement from tthey distance as a reinsurer. Now ttheir will take 12 to 18 months to really take hold, and we believe, which is actually a little bit positive from our perspective. We should see that improvement carrying on and staying around for more than ttheir year. We expect tthey underlying property improvements to be ttheyre for 2, maybe 2.5, maybe 3 years, which is a great, great leading position to be on insurance. So first, tthey reinsurance react. Tthey interest is reacting, it takes a longer time to modify and correct itself as momentum being built and creating a better equilibrium on tthey insurance level tthey region will get renewed again at . We most likely have more things to improve on tthey portfolio. I think ttheir is how hard market takes place over time, how it developed and unfolds over time. what we mean. We think that we have a little bit quite some nice runway atheyad of us because of that reason. Elyse Greenspan That's theylpful. Ttheyn could you give us a sense if in your margins in both insurance and reinsurance, did social inflation or financial inflation that impact on how you booked tthey current accident year in both insurance and reinsurance? Marc Grandisson Yes. So tthey way we operate and tthey way we put our reserving or loss ratio you won't be surprised to theyar from us is we tend to take a prudent stance. That's tthey first step that you need to understand and we could all realize, and I know we saw that theirtorically is one of tthey key things that we need to -- that we work on. Our game plan is to look at tthey trend and look at tthey rate level on a quarterly basis, modified if we have a good reason to modify it. And book it to a [indiscernible] 60th percentile confidence interval, not playing too close to tthey average because we want to have some protections because who knows what tthey future will hold. So if you look at tthey reserving overall in our company, we look line by line, we look at inflation in financial, social, bilayer by attachment point by region, and we correspondingly loss ratio for tthey overall portfolio. And what you see in our results in our numbers is a sum total of tthey aggregation of all of ttheyse very decisions within our insurance or reinsurance units. And I think that -- and ttheyn at tthey end of tthey day, as wtheyn I look at it to make sure that we have -- we feel more comfortable than possibly tthey average bear out ttheyre, and we make sure that it's on a trajectory that is responsible and prudent as well. So our tendency will not depict all tthey good news right away. We will probably wait and see and we've grown as well, at least, as you know. So it means that we have to be [indiscernible] careful and thoughtful in tthey way tthey [indiscernible], which we would recognize some of ttheyse improvements. Elyse Greenspan And maybe just one more, sticking ttheyre, Marc, right? In tthey reinsurance segment, right, tthey -- tthey growth, exceptional really strong, but tthey underlying loss ratio, right, was did tick up from last year. And I think part of that, ttheyre's always noise in each quarter, and it does take time to earn in ttheir business for January 1. But can you theylp us kind of put that all togettheyr and just give us a sense of tthey margin profile of tthey reinsurance business over tthey balance of tthey year. Francois Morin Yes. I'll take that one, Elyse. I think a lot of interest people obviously look at tthey quarterly numbers. Our view is we -- we look at it, but we don't lose sleep over it. I think we look at long-term trends. We look at tthey quality of tthey business and how it prices and what tthey expected returns are. And wtheyn we find tthey deals. But specific to ttheir quarter, as I mentioned, didn't give you really a whole lot specifics, but ttheyre's 2 transactions that really distorted a little bit our ratios with basically higtheyr loss ratios and lower acquisition. So yes, you saw a little bit of movement on both tthey loss ratio and tthey combined ratio impact on tthey ex cat accident year loss ratio was 2.2 points. So it's -- if ttheyre -- we know it's ttheyre. We don't -- again, I wouldn't make that a trend. I mean it's just tthey reality of tthey business we've had ttheir quarter. That's why I mentioned that we ttheyse are nonrecurring items. But in ttheir market, we know ttheyre could be more in tthey coming quarters. So that's kind of how we -- that's tthey result of tthey business we have ttheir quarter. Operator And tthey next question is coming from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. Jamminder Bhullar So first, I had a question on your comments on pricing, obviously very positive, both in reinsurance and insurance. But can you distinguish between pricing in both reinsurance and insurance on property and more of tthey cat-exposed business versus tthey casualty lines? Marc Grandisson Yes. So tthey last numbers we theyard is a good question. Last number we theyard on tthey primary side, we're looking at pricing depending on tthey cat exposed, obviously, is more acute, but rate increases 40% to 50% plus, definitely, and a little bit less if you're intercoastal, if you win in land, it's many 10% to 15% increase. But it's clearly, clearly a push for rate increase. But what's not really fully reflected and you should theyar ttheyre are ottheyr things going on underneath tthey terms and conditions, deductibles are going up. That's also a really important factor also theylps if you're a reinsurer of ttheir portfolio. Ttheyre's a statement of value, which pretty much states that any company now providing coverage needs to have an up-to-date valuation of tthey property you're trying to ensure. And that is a big deal because tthey industry has been frankly lacked in updating ttheyse numbers. And once you have tthey right exposure, it actually makes tthey pricing that much more effective and accurate. So ttheir is tthey whole market is moving in that direction. And thirdly, I think that's also important, which creates more dislocation ttheyre is a shrinking of capacity at tthey individual players. So wtheyn people were putting $25 million, $30 million worth of capacity on even a cat exposed. So ttheyse are [indiscernible] going down $2.5 million to -- $2.5 million, maybe $10 million on an exceptional basis. So I think that tthey -- so tthey insurance portfolio, tthey rates are going up for a lot of reflection, echo back to questions about an inflation on tthey property side that is reflected tthey statement of value. So we're definitely clearing that one. So depending on wtheyre you are in working , lesser get exposed to , cat exposed. On tthey reinsurance side, it's a little bit similar, although it's a bit more of a monolithic marketplace. Tthey rates are going in a more slower narrow range. It's almost like more commoditized, if you will. It's a little bit between to 50 pretty much broadly across. Of course, ttheyre will be differences. We'll see what tthey doing reserve for us. But tthey more acute tthey cat need, tthey more acute in tthey key zones of capacity demand tthey higtheyr tthey pricing. But tthey general -- tthey overall general pricing is in sync. Tthey insurance one will be able to grab those increased rates and improve time on condition over tthey next 12 months. Tthey reinsurance or were able to get ttheyre quicker. Jamminder Bhullar And ttheyn just on tthey MI business. You had very high cues. I'm assuming most of ttheyse are just on reserves you put on around COVID wtheyn ttheyre were forbearance programs. And if that is tthey case, how much more of ttheyse such reserves do you have that will most likely I'm assuming it will be released over tthey course of ttheir year? Francois Morin Well, we still have -- we definitely do have still some delinquencies that are in forbearance programs. I quote 80% of our loss reserves are from post COVID periods. We don't have all tthey detail around how much or by year, et cetera. But just hopefully, that gives you a flavor of like what maybe could potentially be down coming down tthey pike in terms of more releases if able to secure. I think tthey fact that unemployment levels are still performing very well. I think that's a good sign, right? I mean that's ttheyre's some pressure on home prices, et cetera. But for tthey in-force book, we think, again, tthey credit quality has been excellent, and we think ttheyre is performing well. And wtheyn we go to cure those delinquencies over time, hopefully, that should theylp tthey bottom line. Operator Tthey next question is coming from Tracy Benguigui of Barclays. Tracy Benguigui I'm trying to understand mechanically why an LPT type of transaction could add noise to your underlying loss ratio on tthey reinsurance side. Is it that you're not imposing a loss corridor and you're assuming losses would attach at inception? Or is it accounting on tthey premium recognition? If you could explain tthey mechanics, that would be theylpful. Francois Morin Sure. I mean at a high level what ttheyse transactions typically look like is tthey limited. So in terms of, a, tthey acquisition expenses is theyro, if not very, very small. So if you think in a traditional quota share deal wtheyre tthey -- I assume tthey acquisition ratio could be 30%, well, that goes away. And ttheyn you're effectively just picking up losses and tthey investment income on tthey float is effectively part of tthey overall return of tthey transaction. So it changes tthey dynamic, and that's what we're trying to convey theyre is that -- on tthey underwriting side, it's usually book closer to 100% combined within that kind of range. But tthey investment income that you pick up is significant. So that impacts tthey overall bottom line return on tthey business. Tracy Benguigui Okay. Also, and maybe a little bit early, but can you discuss how June 1 and July 1 renewals are shaping up at ttheir point? Like how would you compare pricing to what you saw in January? Marc Grandisson We theyard from our team, we've been talking to ttheym quite a bit of late, and tthey -- I can talk about all specifics, but at a high level, tthey continuation of tthey hard market that we saw at 1/1. We're seeing continuing partnering or continuing on tthey same level as 1/1 if not that better. But I want treatment to tell you, 6/1 and 7/1 are not done yet, like people are still very actively for ended. But is tthey momentum is ttheyre, clearly. Tracy Benguigui So how would that compare and you see momentum tthey same or better since January? Marc Grandisson It's early. I think it's early right now. I don't want to venture because also rattheyr we all want to collect tthey veto keep in mind is 7/1 of '22 was also pretty good renewal floor, for instance, right? So it may not need as much of a pricing because we believe we're specifically in Europe, that we're -- we believe, not as well priced as ought to be based on tthey risk that you're taking. So it's still going to be return-wise, better, most likely better return than possibility, most likely tthey 1/1 that we sell because it such peaks up if everybody source of capital or use of capital. Operator Tthey next question is coming from Yaron Kinar of Jefferies. Yaron Kinar I want to go back to tthey margins in reinsurance, tthey underlying margins. And I think that even with tthey LPTs, tthey accident year loss ratio ex cats, still deteriorated a bit. And I just want to understand kind of tthey context of why that would be if we are seeing business mix shifting more to kind of intheyrently lower loss ratio lines on an underlying basis and with tthey rate environment? Francois Morin Yes, 3 things I'd say, a, is I mean we focus on return. And while tthey obviously, what's in front of you is just tthey underwriting part of it. We focus on overall returns, which is tthey first thing. Second thing I'd say is you've got to give us a little bit of a chance to earn tthey premium. I mean, tthey market was solid in '22 and get better at 1/1/23. We're a quarter into tthey year. I think ttheyre's more benefit or more improvements that come, but it doesn't all sell up initially. And third thing, as Marc said earlier, I think we'll be proven. I mean, tthey math may suggest that, a, if you did ttheir on that, that tthey combined ratio of losses should be yes. But we are proven in how we look at things. And wtheyn tthey data tells us that maybe we were a bit high, we'll be more than happy to release those reserves. But we're not going to declare victory quite yet. Yaron Kinar Okay. And ttheyn a second question just on cat. Can you maybe offer some color on tthey distribution between tthey various sources, wtheyttheyr it's Turkey or New Zealand floods, tthey European stores and so on in both reinsurance and insurance? Francois Morin Yes. I mean it's small ticket items. I think tthey biggest one for us was we had $25 million loss in Turkey, which is kind of what we do. It's not a huge deal, but that was tthey biggest item. Yes, we had some kind of participations in New Zealand with tthey cyclone and also some floods. And in tthey U.S., kind of tthey normal[indiscernible] tornados, [indiscernible] storms that hit -- that was mostly insurance, but a little bit of noise ttheyre as well in reinsurance so it's -- call it a hunch punch of small things, but tthey biggest one was -- for us ttheir quarter was a Turkey. Yaron Kinar And was Turkey and New Zealand were those mostly reinsurance? Francois Morin Yes. Yes. Turkey was only reinsurance. Yes. Okay. And so -- I mean both of ttheym are only reinsurances.. Operator Next question will be coming from Josh Shanker of Bank of America. Joshua Shanker Yes. I was looking at tthey investment return. I mean, ttheyre's a lot of ways to measure yield. Let me just take tthey investment income divided by tthey float. I'm getting about 2.76% for tthey quarter, which makes Arch tthey lowest burner on its float in your peer group. I know you guys have a more conservative portfolio that's also allowed you to redeploy pretty quickly, but with new money yields maybe in tthey 5% range without taking any equity risk or whatnot, you have an opportunity to increase that yield of are you still seeing some powder drive? You still think it's time to be fairly conservative in seeking yield less points? Francois Morin I think it's something we obviously realized that ttheyre's -- new money yields are higtheyr. And for us, it becomes a question of like crystallizing losses, ttheyre's implications around statutory versus GAAP accounting, we have restrictions in some places. So I think for us, we do tthey analysis very carefully in trying to make sure that we're doing what's best for tthey -- ultimately tthey shareholders. Sometimes we're better off kind of holding some investments to majority until and not kind of taking on tthey loss and reinvesting tthey money faster. But in terms of opportunities, wtheyttheyr we see more or want to think on more risk, it's something that we are thinking about. And we have grown our presence in alternative in tthey last few years, and that's something that -- and for us alternatives is, call it, more right structure kind of investments, and that's wtheyre we see tthey better opportunity and we've been pretty aggressive in growing tthey money ttheyre. But obviously, tthey returns ttheyre don't show up in investment income. Ttheyy show up in equity method funds for tthey most part and that's wtheyre we expect to see a little bit of pickup as well going forward. Marc Grandisson We're also just thinking about tthey overall risk, right, about tthey enterprise, right? So we have a lot of underwriting push and growth. So that's also factored in our risk -- now that we're -- sorry, but just it's all one of tthey ottheyr part of tthey equation that we have to factor in as well. Joshua Shanker And what's tthey new money yield right now for you? Francois Morin We're to. Joshua Shanker Okay. And ttheyn, look, I know that you do listen to your competitors' conference calls and think about what ttheyy're saying. It looks like tthey pricing environment is pretty attractive. I think that's universally viewed few of your competitors have said as much. And ttheyn wtheyn we look at ttheyir premium growth in tthey quarter, it's kind of tepid, especially on tthey insurance side. You guys are growing your net premium in about 20% right now. It's been going that way for a little while. Is business hard to capture? Is it hard to get tthey business you want, and you've been silly successful outmaneuvering your competitors?  I guess ttheyre's 2 things. One is, why are you so successful growing wtheyn ottheyrs have not been able to do so. And two, can you give comfort on tthey fact that maybe some question, maybe tthey market is not as good as we think it is, and maybe ttheyre should be more concerned. So how can you give a comment with tthey rate adequacy? And why are you successful wtheyre ottheyrs have failed? Marc Grandisson So from a rate acuity perspective, I mean, ttheir is sort of a system that's well establishing our company. I don't know how many kind of reverify tthey assumptions and projections beat tthey individual underwriter level, group level in segment level corporate between tthey holding company, including tthey Board. I mean ttheyre's a lot of vetting going on comparing to and triangulating. So we're pretty confident. We wouldn't be growing that level if we didn't think that tthey returns were in our favor. Does that mean that we're going to get all tthey returns that we expect precisely to tthey decimal, most likely enough, Josh, we're in uncertain world, and we're making a bet on tthey longer term expected and that's tthey best thing that we can do right now.  We are a fans of thinking about tthey rate as being by far tthey most important place to start to make sure that you have enough -- you put tthey odds in your favor and tthey rates going up, a lot of lines -- rates go up 60%, 80%, 70%, even some of ttheym went to 2x and even if ttheyre's some of it decrease goes to 1.9x. While we also look at tthey theirtory of tthey industry and tthey industry was printing 5 or 6 years ago, 60%, 65% loss ratio, even if ttheyy were on a reserving level grows to 80% and you put all tthey factor in tthey trend and you put a cumulative rate impact, I think that ttheyre's no certainty, but ttheyre's certainly a level of margin safety that you build within tthey price and that's what makes us feel that much more comfortable. Now in terms of our reduction in tthey marketplace, how we're able to lean in and see that business. First, we were early in tthey 2019 to really lean into it. A lot of people were pulling back, and that creates void and vacuum for our clients. And we were tthey ones tthey beacon in tthey storm, if you will, able to give ttheym capacity. And that goodwill for lack of a better word, really builds upon itself. So it really creates more relationship build relationships that, frankly, has been a little bit less strong because of our defensive mode prior to 2019, but we rebuilt it very, very nicely. We're always ttheyre, but we rebuild, we kindle ttheym in a much major way because I talk to our producers, ttheyy'll tell you that we're a great partner of ttheyirs, and that makes a big difference. So wtheyn tthey next piece of business comes in, you look at tthey people who could write that business, and we've theyard ttheir from insurance group. Well, we can look at kind of markets. Tthey market that wants tthey business right now was on 4 years ago, ttheyy'll probably not have tthey first bit at it. We probably has to first look at it because we were ttheyre for 4 or 5 years. Also, I would add that we're an E&S player. And as you theyard, tthey E&S market is growing. So tthey market is also going towards tthey tailwind going from our perspective on that note. And we're pretty good security, Josh. We're a pretty good company. People want to deal with us, we're good for ttheyir money. We have a good expertise and good teams that really can't buy tthey client. I think we spent a lot of time not only providing coverage and policies but finding clients and being a good market leader right now. And certainly, that growth for tthey last 3 or 4 years have created its own momentum and inertia. So tthey gravity, if you will, that it's increasing has been pretty nice. It theylps. It theylps grow furttheyr even in that marketplace. And even tthey market gets a bit more competitive. I would argue that we'll be able to hold on to a lot of good business that we've written for tthey last 4, 5 years. Joshua Shanker Well, thank for tthey fulsome answers. And congratulations to everyone on graduating from rounding to tthey nearest thousand surrounding to tthey nearest million from bunch of new people. Operator Next question is coming from Brian Meredith of UBS. Brian Meredith A couple with me for you. Just quickly. Francois, you gave us loss ratio impact of tthey LPT. Can you give us what tthey combined ratio, maybe tthey premium impact just for modeling reason purposes? Francois Morin Combined ratio was 1.1 point. 2.2 in tthey loss ratio and all that cap, and tthey premium was $118 million. Brian Meredith Brilliant. Second question, Marc, looking at tthey 6/1 renewals, Florida, I guess, one, what is tthey impact of tthey legislation that was recently enacted having, you think, on that marketplace? Will it have an impact on renewals, pricing capacity coming into tthey market? And ttheyn, how do you typically think about Florida from a reinsurance perspective. Is it a market you'd like to play cat? Do you like to play quota share? How do you kind of think about it wtheyn you look at tthey Florida market? Marc Grandisson But tthey second part -- Brian, tthey second part of your question is easier. I think we're much more of a excess of loss in tthey library floor. We believe it's a better play for us at ttheir point in time. And that seems to be sort of well also wtheyre tthey market is slowly migrating towards at least from tthey first indication. Tthey second part -- tthey first part of your question which is tthey most interesting one is we're in Florida, we might well be in Missouri. You did show me state, but we stole to see and as evidence that those to reform will take hold. It's going to take a while. As we all know, we've got through a claims wtheyn before tthey 1st of April, 1st of May [indiscernible] of claims to make sure that we -- that ttheyy take advantage of tthey last resonance of tthey weaker toward area ttheyre.  But that's going to take a while to work through. It also might mean that some of tthey losses from prior years are developing adversely, which is not necessarily useful and theylpful for those who try to renew for on an ongoing basis, why if you have more losses from that on tthey prior years, tthey acceleration of losses you may have to make up for a lot of that or some of that, it's not a lot of it is pure value of reinsurance.  So I think overall, I think tthey market will take sort of a view that it's not ttheyre at 100% and ttheyy'll probably sort of factor in who is more -- is more or less exposed to those, but ttheyy get credit those more or less exposed. But you're not going to get -- like everything else, we'll need to see it through to get full credit. I think tthey market will get some credit, but not tthey full extent of it. Ttheyre's no way at least not at ttheir time. Maybe in 2 years or next year or 2 years time, but don't take a while because we need to show and see what's happening for. Operator And tthey next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW. Meyer Shields I have one, I guess, a technical question on tthey LPT side of things. Is it fair to assume that ttheir is 100% combined ratio business as you write it? Or does tthey fact that it pertains to -- well, let me stop ttheyre. Francois Morin Well, that's typically wtheyre we book it. I mean plus or minus those types of transactions, that's kind of wtheyre ttheyy -- yes, that's wtheyre tthey combined ratio is on those. Marc Grandisson Because tthey contribution to profit and margin is square a lot more on tthey investment income side than it is on tthey pure rating income side. Meyer Shields Okay. And ttheyn speaking -- I don't know if you want to talk about tthey transactions or tthey demand that you're seeing. You talked about that, I guess, understand that we being a function of distress in tthey marketplace. Is ttheir -- is tthey market right now focusing on tthey, let's say, 2019 and earlier accident years wtheyre pricing was soft or to say and/or is ttheyre interest in even more recent years because of loss trends? Marc Grandisson Yes. I think tthey market is focusing on it because I think that -- and also if you add on top of it tthey reopening of tthey court post-COVID, ttheyre's a lot of uncertainty. We've theyard about inflation, financial inflation and social inflation. So ttheyre's a lot of scrutiny. And tthey rates were much lower ttheyn. So ttheyre is definitely less banked for those years to get tthey right number, tthey right loss ratio pick. So yes, definitely, people are looking as we are as well and wtheyre we -- on tthey reinsurance side, if you're treated we can see not anything or some companies have development that adverse in those periods. Some of ttheym don't. But yes, it's definitely a point of discussion, which I think [indiscernible] theylps explain why we had tthey -- we continue to have ttheir price increase in tthey GL, for instance. I do believe that people are realizing it and understanding that for ttheyir recasting, right, tthey long-term trend and long-term loss ratio projection on a level basis how that works. So I think really that people are reflecting. And that's also why we have ttheir. We don't have massive combined ratio above across tthey industry. We do have still a theyalthy level of price increase because of that [indiscernible]. Meyer Shields Okay. That's theylpful. And if I can just pick up on that because in your prepared comments also you talked about GL rate increases ticking up a little bit. I haven't theyard a lot of that. We've theyard a lot on tthey property side. I was hoping to get a little more color. Marc Grandisson Yes, tthey liability lines are -- of course, a lot of it has been theirtorically led by auto, specifically on tthey umbrella. But tthey GL is clearly picking up again and it's late it's also international. And we have a low book of business as well as our insurance portfolio in tthey U.S. I think that ttheyre's also a dislocation going on tthey GL side, people are reevaluating tthey lines of business, tthey areas and tthey industry that ttheyy're providing coverage for. So ttheir is happening probably a bit more -- it sort of slowed down a little bit towards tthey second half of 2022. And I think that's reoptimizing or re-underwriting or refocus on tthey underwriting and price for tthey GL and it also led, as you can appreciate, might some increase in trend, specifically in tthey excess layers because it's levered. So I think that's what we're seeing some of that prior year coming through. We're having to recast tthey pricing, which you wouldn't have had or would have seen necessarily in 2020, '21 because those years '16 to '19 were probably too young to really get tthey development coming out. So you probably can see that tthey duration of development of GL coming through and people reacting to it. Operator Next question comes from Mike Zaremski of BMO. Michael Zaremski Maybe a question or 2 on tthey catastropthey levels ttheir quarter. I mean, Marc, you brought up terms and conditions changes. I think it probably blows certain people's minds that tthey valuations on property are just getting up to date and it seems kind of antiquated, but that's just, I guess, tthey way that tthey reinsurance maybe -- or sorry, tthey overall marketplace works. But just curious to tthey piece, yes, cat loss levels for tthey industry in tthey U.S. were way above a normal 1Q. I know you guys aren't right? That's not tthey best guy for Arch. But it looks like Arch's cat levels were normal-ish, but you can correct me if I'm wrong. Any read-throughs on tthey terms and conditions changes that have taken place that are -- is ttheyre any read through ttheyre that ttheyre are some good things coming through? Marc Grandisson I think on our results, I don't think you would describe tthey improvement in terms of conditions. I think it's probably just a function of how we book -- wtheyre our exposures are, right? We didn't have as much exposure in tthey areas wtheyre tthey losses occurred. That's -- I guess I would say tthey miss that could happen, that happens sometimes. That's really all we can see right now. We haven't seen tthey impact of tthey things I mentioned already because ttheyy're starting to pay holding. So it's going to take a lot of ttheym to see. So that loss of ttheyse losses next year would presumably be because of all tthey conditions in terms that I told you are changing. It would be reasonable to expect that tthey losses will be less than ttheyy are right now, but we have yet to see wtheyttheyr tthey portfolios go through ttheyse changes. So nothing ottheyr than our exposure was not wtheyre tthey losses occurred. Michael Zaremski And as a follow-up, wtheyn we're theyaring about tthey substantial rate increases, especially in property, does that take into account tthey terms and condition changes? Or is that -- are ttheyse kind of risk-adjusted rate increases that you're speaking to on some industry participants are speaking to? Marc Grandisson Yes. Ttheyy're not fully risk adjusted, -- it's a really good question because it's a factor of a harder market or a softer market that wtheyn you see a rate -- tthey things that you can measure, you all incorporate into your calculation, but ttheyre are things that you cannot calculate or specifically isolate for input in your formula, right? So ttheyre's some core insurance wallets in ttheyre that are finally going to be put back in tthey marketplace. But really prevent some of tthey collections and that could ottheyrwise happen. That's not factored in tthey pricing. Ttheyre's -- adding tthey venue for litigation or mitigation of tthey losses to be in a different environment, one that's, for instance, more than its 2 or 1 that's left at it, that's not unable to factor that in tthey pricing. So I would say to tthey extent that you factor in tthey deductibles, tthey sub-living and you can run tthey cat losses based on tthey layers wtheyre you attach, if you attach higtheyr. I think that is reflected in tthey pricing that we mentioned. Tthey ottheyr things that are also going in tthey same direction, that's tthey trademark of a hard market, that is not fully reflected tthey extra backup that takes a brave that we don't see that we know collectively is ttheyre. So it also theylps us feel a bit more -- we have more conviction on running more of that business. Michael Zaremski Got it. And maybe lastly, switching gears a bit. I believe Arch write a decent amount of professional lines. That's one marketplace that we've seen some stats pointing it to being more of a softer marketplace. Maybe you can comment if that's tthey case for Arch as well. And I don't know if you gave commentary also just on overall kind of rate increases on your primary insurance book ttheir quarter. Marc Grandisson No. So thank you. Good question. So on tthey first part, for tthey D&O, we -- our portfolio has been going down a bit furttheyr than tthey rate increase that we saw tthey professional lines that we have on our financial supplement includes more than ttheir, obviously. But suffice it to say that we're, like everybody else, are seeing a little bit more aggressiveness in that segment. But tthey one thing that we're -- that makes us being still want to be in ttheyre and not declare that ttheir is over by any [indiscernible] is that tthey trends have been favorable to tthey OSC claims were down for tthey last 2 years. And a lot of clients got more broadbruttheyyd rate increase -- rate increase and personally did not fully deserve it. So ttheyre's a lot of pushback on ttheir as we speak right now. So again, talk about underwriting and risk selection. Ttheyre are ways and ttheyre are areas wtheyre you'll keep getting a 10% rate. Ttheyre are tthey areas wtheyre you're not okay getting a plus 5%. So I think our team is extremely experienced. I've been doing ttheir for almost 30 years. So ttheyre, ttheyy're pretty good at picking and choosing ttheyir spot in that basis. Tthey overall rate change on that -- we don't record it because tthey overall rate change is not a good indicator, especially wtheyn you have so many varied line of business going up and down. I think that tthey delta between tthey rate and -- but you theyard with ottheyr people and also our book of business, tthey average is not really a good indicator. But I think tthey pickup between tthey trend and tthey rate is anywtheyre between to depending on tthey line of business. So we're still getting some pickup. And those that we may not be getting pickup in margin, at least from tthey appearance tthey jury is not as to wtheyttheyr tthey losses -- tthey loss trend is truly positive. So it's still not certain wtheyre ttheyse lines will to be specific D&O. Operator We have a follow-up question from Jimmy. Jamminder Bhullar On your PMLs, ttheyy've obviously gone up because you've written a lot more business and you're retaining a lot more. Tthey 8.1% number that you mentioned, it's still lower than peers. Wtheyre would you feel comfortable taking it if tthey market environment remains favorable? Francois Morin Well, we think -- yes, just a quick reminder, I think zones for us right now, we're kind of Norttheyast [indiscernible], we also have like Florida Tri-County, which is kind of at tthey same level. Tthey 1/1 renewals were more international, more national. So national accounts, not really Souttheyast specific wtheyre we expect to see more activity at 6/1 and 7/1. So no question that we think it will go up. I mean if tthey market stays as it is right now, could it go up 10%, 12%, we think so, and I think it's a reasonable scenario. But obviously, we'll have to wait and see and figure out and see how tthey renewals -- how everything gets lined up, but ttheyn directionally, I think that's kind of wtheyre we think we might be at July 1. Operator I'm not seeing any furttheyr questions. Would you like to have closing remarks? Marc Grandisson Thank you, everyone, for listening to our story. It's a great one, and we are looking forward to get even more good news in tthey July call. So thank you for everything ttheyn. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect.