Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call July 30, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - President & Chief Executive Officer François Morin - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Mike Zaremski - Crédit Suisse Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs Josh Shanker - Bank of America Ryan Tunis - Autonomous Research Meyer Shields - KBW Brian Meredith - UBS Phil Stefano - Deutscthey Bank Geoffrey Dunn - Dowling & Partners Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Jamie Inglis - Philo Smith Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Second Quarter 2020 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. François Morin. Sirs you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thanks, Liz. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. On a reported basis, Arch had an acceptable quarter despite COVID-19 related economic disruptions. Our operating results were good from tthey underlying accident year ex-cat combined ratio perspective as each segment that benefited from tthey recent rate improvements. All three segments are poised to see tthey opportunities to grow based on tthey underwriting returns outlook. Consequently ttheir quarter, rate improvements continue to enable us to expand our writings in our property casualty units as we increasingly achieve acceptable risk-adjusted returns. We know from experience that ttheir environment is an appropriate time to raise additional capital so that we can more significantly take advantage of ttheir hardening P&C market. As we have discussed in previous earnings calls, we continuously rank order our capital allocation opportunities among and within tthey units. And today P&C insurance and reinsurance prospects have moved up tthey scale even as MI returns improved at tthey same time. To be sure, we are experiencing unprecedented times across our world and tthey insurance industry. Ttheyre is still much uncertainty from tthey pandemic and its ultimate impact. Tthey P&C industry faces emerging claims trends tthey possibility of long-lasting lower investment returns and a strain from on-model cat losses and chronic underpricing from tthey soft market years. Ttheir new reality points to tthey need for furttheyr premium rate increases for tthey foreseeable future. While not all lines are fully attractive on an absolute basis, tthey positive momentum is evident and has accelerated through tthey second quarter. Turning to our operating segments, I'd like to begin with tthey mortgage insurance segment. Reported delinquencies were 5.1% at June 30, 2020 and came in better than our expectation last quarter, which was at tthey early onset of tthey COVID-19 pandemic. As you may recall from our call last quarter given tthey uncertainty surrounding COVID-19, we were forecasting more pressure on tthey housing market and a more pessimistic view of tthey economy that is -- than is indicated by tthey latest delinquency data. As we stand today, we believe that tthey U.S. MI industry has been benefiting from a combination of solid credit quality of tthey post-2008 crisis originations; two, favorable supply and demand imbalance in housing inventory as well as; three, strong and swift government intervention to theylp homeowners. As a result we're seeing better than expected delinquency rates emerging ttheir quarter even as rates are at elevated levels reflecting tthey recessionary environment. Our current incurred loss view equates to a claim rate slightly above 5% on newly reported delinquencies. While ttheir claim rate is significantly higtheyr than what we have seen from claim rates on tthey previous hurricane forbearance programs, it is also significantly lower than what tthey industry experienced in tthey GFC and reflects tthey better underlying conditions I mentioned earlier. Because of tthey current economic conditions, tthey credit quality of our new insurance written business as measured by average FICO scores and loan to value is stronger than a year ago. Mortgage lenders have tightened underwriting standards and a higtheyr quality of loans originated is a direct benefit to us. We saw record mortgage originations fueled by tthey theirtorically low mortgage rate and that has created surges in both refinancing and purchase activity. Ttheir favorable financing environment is supporting home prices. We see prices rising around 5% on an annual basis across tthey U.S. Despite tthey weakened economy, we estimate that tthey mark-to-market homeowners' equity and tthey vast majority of our policies is in excess of 10%. Tthey level of equity as a reminder has proven to be a strong indicator of a borrower's propensity to default, i.e. tthey higtheyr tthey equity, tthey less likely a default will happen and turn into a claim. Turning now to our P&C businesses. First let's talk about COVID-19, which is affecting many lines at tthey same time and developing much more slowly than a natural catastropthey. Adding to tthey uncertainty is tthey fact that many coverage issues have yet to be resolved all of ttheir informed how we approactheyd our reserving for COVID-19 within our P&C segment based on a bottom-up approach to develop our view of ultimate losses. François will cover ttheir in more detail in a few minutes. Moving on to tthey P&C business environment starting with insurance. We see a growing number of opportunities as net premium written grew 7% in tthey quarter for tthey unit despite tthey fact that our travel premiums decreased materially due to tthey pandemic. Excluding travel, our insurance NPW growth would have been approximately 17%. Most of our growth was generated in tthey E&S casualty, E&S property, professional lines and tthey specialty lines written out of London, about two-thirds of that increase came from exposure growth and tthey balance from rate. Our overall insurance renewal rate change was plus 8.5%. up significantly from plus 5.5% in tthey first quarter. Earned premium that we wrote at higtheyr rate levels over tthey last several quarters theylped lower our quarterly accident year combined ratio ex-cat to 96.1% from 99.4% for tthey same quarter in 2019. In summary, our insurance group's main mission right now is to grow in those lines wtheyre conditions improve enough to allow for an appropriate risk-adjusted return and tthey market is allowing ttheir ever more. Over to tthey reinsurance segment now. We had very strong premiums growth at plus 50%, reflecting ongoing dislocations and improvements in tthey marketplace. Growth opportunities presented ttheymselves across a vast majority of our business lines. Property cat NPW was up 153%, ottheyr properties was up 70% and casualty was up 35%. Partially offsetting ttheir growth were declines in our motor quota share net premium written due to tthey impacts of COVID-19 exposure decreases. Generally, our reinsurance segment is able to seize on opportunities earlier than our insurance segment. We're also incrementally increasing our capital allocation to our property cat sector. However, our PML usage is still substantially below what we could deploy if return expectations were to get to tthey levels we saw in 2006. Our reinsurance accident quarter combined ratio ex-cat improved to 87.5% from 92.2% over tthey same period in 2019. Ttheir partly reflects our opportunistic underwriting strategy and capital allocation over tthey last two years, but also is a reflection of tthey benign attritional loss experience relative to tthey prior year's quarter. To summarize, for our P&C operations after several years of cycle managing our portfolio, we are well positioned to deploy more capital at attractive returns. With respect to our investment returns, our outlook remains cautious as we believe tthey economic recovery could be slow and take several quarters to develop. Accordingly, underwriting performance should be tthey driver of earnings for tthey industry in tthey near term, which we believe should theylp sustain tthey momentum of increasing premium rates. From a capital standpoint, we are in a strong position and we have room to grow with our clients after many years of playing defense. In ottheyr words, our core principle again of active cycle management exercised by our team has positioned us to move much more aggressively into a growing number of improving lines. Last, but not least we want our shareholders to know that our employees' hard work and our clients' strong relationships over tthey last three months were critical in getting us through ttheyse tough times. And for that, a huge thanks to all of ttheym. With that, François will take you through tthey financials. François Morin Thank you, Mark and good morning to all. We at Arch hope that you are in good theyalth. On to tthey second quarter results. As a reminder and consistent with prior practice, tthey following comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results excluding tthey ottheyr segment i.e. tthey operations of Watford Holdings Ltd. In our filings tthey term consolidated includes Watford. After-tax operating income for tthey quarter was $16.6 million which translates to an annualized 0.6% operating return on average common equity and $0.04 per share. Book value per share increased to $27.62 at June 30, up 5.8% from last quarter and 12.1% from one year ago. Tthey increase in tthey quarter was fueled by tthey strong recovery in tthey capital markets. Outside of tthey losses related to tthey COVID-19 pandemic, our underwriting groups continued on ttheyir path of solid growth and improving results, as we benefited from tthey generally improving property casualty markets. Losses from 2020 catastrophic events in tthey quarter including COVID-19, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $207.2 million or 13.5 combined ratio points compared to 0.5 combined ratio points in tthey second quarter of 2019. Tthey losses impacted both our insurance and reinsurance segments and include $173.1 million from tthey COVID-19 pandemic as well as $34.1 million for ottheyr catastrophic events, including losses related to civil unrest claims across tthey U.S. Tthey losses we recorded in tthey quarter for COVID-19 across our P&C operations were split 45% insurance and 55% reinsurance. Ttheyse loss estimates incorporate additional information that became available during tthey quarter and represent our current assessment and best estimate of tthey ultimate losses for occurrences through June 30, based on policy terms and conditions including limits, sublimits and deductibles. We are confident that tthey approach we took to develop ttheyse estimates is conservative and are comfortable with our estimates as ttheyy currently stand, but needless to say, we continue to monitor tthey pandemic in its effects as ttheyy play out and we will adjust our estimates as necessary in tthey coming quarters. As of June 30, tthey vast majority of our COVID-19 claims are yet to be settled or paid, as approximately 90% of tthey incurred loss amount has been recorded as IBNR incurred, but not reported reserves or as additional case reserves within our insurance and reinsurance segments. In tthey insurance segment, tthey loss reserves we recorded ttheir quarter for tthey pandemic were primarily attributable to exposures in our North American unit across tthey national accounts, programs and travel lines of business. In tthey reinsurance segment, tthey majority of tthey losses came from tthey property catastropthey, accident and theyalth and trade credit lines of business. As regards tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on our mortgage segment, it is important to mention that our estimates for our U.S. primary mortgage insurance book are based only on reported delinquencies as of June 30, 2020 as mandated by GAAP. As we discussed on tthey last call, our expectation at tthey end of tthey first quarter was for tthey delinquency rate to progressively increase throughout tthey remainder of tthey year with a resulting expectation that underwriting income for tthey overall segment would be minimal for tthey remainder of 2020. While we did see such an increase in reported delinquencies in tthey second quarter, tthey current delinquency rate of 5.14% is approximately 30% to 40% lower than what we expected it would be wtheyn we developed our forecast at tthey end of tthey first quarter. While that is a positive sign for tthey ultimate performance of tthey book, we are also aware that many uncertainties remain, including tthey rate of conversion from delinquency to cure or claim, which we expect to be different than under more normal conditions. In addition, it is extremely difficult to predict how reported delinquencies and forbearance which represent approximately two-thirds of total current delinquencies will behave over time, given tthey lack of theirtorical data that is directly applicable to tthey current economic reality, which includes elevated unemployment rates, theirtorically low interest rates, solid home price levels and unprecedented government intervention. As we look towards tthey remainder of 2020 for our U.S. MI business, in light of tthey developments we have observed during tthey second quarter, our current expectation is that pretax underwriting income for tthey remainder of 2020 for tthey entire mortgage segment will remain positive with a combined ratio in tthey 70% to 80% range, slightly better than tthey result we reported ttheir quarter. In summary, while we are still faced with significant economic uncertainty, our expectations for tthey mortgage segment are definitely more positive than what we thought only a few weeks back. In tthey insurance segment, net written premium grew 7.1% over tthey same quarter one year ago, a strong result given tthey material impact COVID-19 has had on some of our businesses, such as our travel and accident unit. As Mark said, if we exclude ttheir line tthey year-over-year growth in net written premium would have been 16.9%. Tthey insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cat's was 96.1%, lower by 330 basis points from tthey same period one year ago. Approximately 90 basis points of tthey difference is due to our lower expense ratio, primarily from tthey growth in tthey premium base from one year ago and reduced levels of travel and entertainment expenses ttheir quarter. Tthey lower ex-cat accident quarter loss ratio primarily reflects tthey benefits of rate increases achieved over tthey last 12 months. Prior period net loss reserve development, net of related adjustments was favorable at $2.1 million, generally consistent with tthey level recorded in tthey second quarter of 2019. As for our reinsurance operations, we had strong growth of 50.3% in net written premiums on a year-over-year basis, which was observed across most of our lines and includes a combination of new business opportunities, rate increases and tthey integration of tthey Barbican reinsurance business. Tthey segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats stood at 87.5% compared to 92.2% on tthey same basis one year ago, a 470 basis point reduction. Tthey year-over-year movement is primarily driven by a more normal level of large attritional losses compared to a year ago, which explains approximately 330 basis points of tthey difference and tthey impact of tthey non-renewal of a large transaction from a year ago, which contributed approximately 50 basis points. Most of tthey remaining difference is explained by operating expense ratio improvements resulting from tthey growth in earned premium. Favorable prior period net loss reserve development, net of related adjustments was strong at $28.9 million or six combined ratio points compared to 3.1 combined ratio points in tthey second quarter of 2019. Tthey benefit was mostly in short-tail lines. Tthey mortgage segment's combined ratio was 80.9%, reflecting tthey increased level of reported delinquencies in tthey quarter as mentioned earlier. Tthey loss ratio in tthey quarter is based on an assumed claim rate of – on newly reported delinquencies for our U.S. MI book of slightly above 5%, combined with an average expected future claim value for severity that is approximately 50% higtheyr than claims we settled and paid in tthey quarter. Ttheir difference is explained by tthey fact that tthey distribution of tthey newly reported delinquencies carry a higtheyr average outstanding loan balance as a higtheyr proportion is for mortgages from tthey more recent origination years and from states that have higtheyr loan values such as California, Florida and New York. Tthey expense ratio was lower by 100 basis points over tthey same quarter one year ago reflecting lower operating costs including reduced levels of travel and entertainment expenses. Prior period net loss reserve development was minimal ttheir quarter at $0.2 million favorable. Total investment return for tthey quarter was positive 372 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis, as tthey strong recovery in tthey capital markets produced theyalthy returns across our entire portfolio. Tthey duration of our investment portfolio remained basically unchanged from tthey prior quarter at 3.18 years. Tthey effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income resulted in a benefit of 0.9% in tthey quarter, reflecting a change in tthey full year estimated tax rate tthey geographic mix of our pretax income and 110 basis point expense from discrete tax items in tthey quarter. As always, tthey effective tax rate could vary depending on tthey level and location of income or loss and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. We currently estimate tthey full year tax rate to be in tthey 9% to 12% range for 2020. Turning briefly to risk management. Our natural cat PML on a net basis increased to $832 million as of July 1, which had approximately 8% of tangible common equity remains well below our internal limits at tthey single event 1-in-250-year return level. Tthey growth in tthey PML ttheir quarter is attributable to both E&S property within our insurance segment and property lines within tthey reinsurance segment, reflecting our ability to deploy more capacity to opportunities that safely exceeded our return thresholds, some of which were slightly tempered by additional reinsurance purchases. As you know, we issued $1 billion of 30-year senior notes at tthey end of tthey second quarter, enhancing our capital base and furttheyring our objective of maintaining a strong and liquid balance ttheyyet. Our debt plus preferred leverage ratio of 23.8% remains within a reasonable range. As discussed on tthey prior call, we paused our share repurchase activity since tthey start of tthey pandemic and we do not expect to repurchase shares for tthey remainder of 2020. At USMI, our capital position remains strong with our PMIERs sufficiency ratio at 161% at tthey end of June, which reflects tthey coverage afforded by our Bellemeade mortgage insurance-linked notes. In late June, we were able to obtain $528 million of coverage on our in-force book for tthey second half of 2019. Our ability to execute ttheir transaction highlights tthey credit quality of our in-force book and furttheyr protects our balance ttheyyet should an extreme tail event materialize. Tthey Bellemeade structures provide approximately $3.1 billion of aggregate reinsurance coverage at June 30, 2020. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Elyse Greenspan Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question on tthey property casualty side, you guys seem pretty optimistic and started to see – saw a continuation of pretty good growth in tthey quarter. And so you guys don't disclose tthey capital supporting, your property casualty versus tthey mortgage business, but if we're sitting outside tthey company and we just want to get a sense of tthey opportunity at hand and tthey capital that you have given tthey recent debt raise could you potentially if it really is a strong market double tthey size of your insurance book of business on your current capital base? Marc Grandisson I think it's a fair assessment. I think in general you could think of capital allocation on premium from tthey P&C as a 1:1 that sort of, gives you a range for capital usage but certainly tthey ability is ttheyre. And I would say that is also informed by how you develop it right? Elyse if you -- property care is a different and capital requirements and ttheyn ottheyr lines of business such as quota share, let's say, on tthey reinsurance side on liability. So ttheyre's a lot -- ttheyre's plenty of room for us to grow. Elyse Greenspan Great. And ttheyn on tthey mortgage side of things, you guys see some pretty theylpful color that tthey current delinquency rate is about 30% to 40% lower than wtheyre you thought it would have been. So as you set tthey new guide for tthey outlook for tthey underwriting -- positive underwriting mortgage income for tthey rest of tthey year in that 70% to 80% combined ratio can you give us a sense of wtheyre you expect delinquency rates to trend in tthey third and tthey fourth quarter? François Morin Well we don't really -- we had -- tthey quarterly movements are a bit harder to predict. But I mean we had forecasted last quarter somewtheyre around a 10% or so delinquency rate by tthey end of tthey year. We think -- right now we're thinking that it will be more like around 8%. So obviously, we're monitoring weekly and we get data that comes in from all our servicers et cetera, but that's kind of wtheyre we're at. Ttheyre's about 8% delinquency rate by tthey end of tthey year. Marc Grandisson Yes. I think to add to ttheir Elyse. I would -- just to add to ttheir Elyse, I would say that ttheir is it's a one quarter data point so it will take us we still take a longer-term view and are not fully all reflecting tthey decrease or tthey lesser delinquency that we had. We had reported versus what we expected wtheyre you get 30% to 40% and ttheyn François told you a 20% increase. That tells you sort of a level wtheyre we're thoughtful and measured in tthey way we want to recognize any immediate improvement. Elyse Greenspan That's theylpful. And ttheyn my last question. You guys have pointed to tthey severity per claim. I believe you said it was about 50% higtheyr than some of tthey claims you settled in tthey quarter just given tthey higtheyr housing values, I believe. If I look in your supplement on tthey mortgage page, tthey average case reserve per default went down to 6,900 in tthey quarter and it has been 14,400. Why would that number have gone down if you're actually setting up more for tthey current claims? I'm just trying to reconcile those numbers. François Morin Yes. Tthey average is very much a function of tthey percentage of tthey delinquencies that are effectively in early stages of delinquency. So if you think of all ttheyse newly reported delinquencies in tthey quarter ttheyy carry again effectively a 5-or-so percent claim rate versus tthey older-stage delinquencies and tthey percentages go up as tthey more mature tthey later-stage mature delinquencies we have. So it's really -- ttheyre's no changes in assumptions. I'd say it's really just tthey way tthey mix of tthey portfolio or tthey mix of tthey delinquencies that we currently have changes over time. And ttheir was really as you know tthey first quarter wtheyre we had a large surge of delinquencies coming from tthey pandemic. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Thanks. I appreciate all tthey color. François Morin Thanks, Elyse. Marc Grandisson You’re welcome. Operator Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Crédit Suisse. Mike Zaremski Hey, good morning. I guess sticking with MI so clearly ttheyre -- feels like ttheyre's some conservatism kind of built in that you expect tthey delinquency rate to continue moving north. Is tthey government stimulus kind of a big x factor in terms of like tthey -- how tthey $600 weekly unemployment insurance subsidy wtheyttheyr that continues or not? Just trying to think about -- or I mean you can just should we just probably be looking at unemployment levels as well? Just trying to think about how to gauge because clearly results have been good so far much better than expected which is great. Marc Grandisson So Mike, I think, tthey easy question is unemployment matters it is a contributing factor that would precipitate if you will in delinquency and in claims ultimately. Tthey number one, tthey leading indicators as I said in my notes that will tell you wtheyttheyr ttheyre's a theyightened increased risk of delinquencies is really tthey house price in ttheyre. So to tthey extent that tthey house prices are stable or keep on going up or that ttheyre is -- which is anottheyr way to say as long as ttheyre's reasonable amount of equity in tthey house, we have found that borrowers do not tend to walk away from ttheyir obligation to mortgages. I know. So if you saw tthey great financial crisis what happened is we had a combination of house price decreases and unemployment so it sort of contributed to tthey acceleration and a more of an acute delinquency rate that we saw in tthey great financial crisis which we are not seeing right now. So what we're focusing on -- of course we look at what tthey government is doing that's going to be theylpful. And I think we'll see more of ttheir impact at tthey end of tthey forbearance period. But for now tthey house price index is extremely encouraging to us and really is a leading indicator on tthey propensity for homeowners to default. Mike Zaremski Okay. That makes sense and that's theylpful. Ttheyn in terms of -- we get a number of questions about tthey court cases in tthey United Kingdom tthey FCA has kind of been writing about that. Is that contemplated in your COVID IBNR wtheyttheyr those court cases go for or against tthey industry? Marc Grandisson Yes. We've taken a conservative approach and we actually had reserves for it as tthey end of March. So we have reserved for it appropriately with fairly good level of reinsurance against it so we're pretty much reserved ttheyre. If things -- it could presumably could be good news going forward for us ttheyre. Mike Zaremski Okay. And just lastly quickly I'm sure ottheyr people will ask about kind of tthey segments. Any thoughts on new capital entering tthey broader insurance and reinsurance marketplaces? Do you feel that capital will continue ttheyn or is it having an impact on your ability to play offense at ttheir point or is it still just a drop in tthey bucket? Any color would be theylpful. Thanks. Marc Grandisson So Mike, it's a little bit of everything you mentioned. I would say that tthey capital needs that are out ttheyre that we see in terms of client trying to find solutions and towers of coverage is meaning a place, a new place, a new home. We would need a significant amount of capital to neutralize that impact if you will. So we're seeing actually acceleration even though ttheyre are -- ttheyre's more capital being raised and new entrants as we speak thinking about coming in. We're not seeing any ebbing of tthey rate pressure that we see right now. And I think tthey demand for capital are pretty high. Ttheyre's a couple of large players that were really providing a lot of capacity acute capacity in very, very high capacity mongers in tthey industry have pulled out significantly, so that means that ttheyre's a lot of ottheyr capital that needs to find its way around to support it. So I would say that, we are not seeing -- we theyar what's out ttheyre, what's happening. We're encouraged by -- we raised some more capital and ttheyre's ottheyr folks such as ourselves who have access to tthey business, access to tthey clients and relationships. We're able to raise capital. It bodes well for tthey theyalth of those companies. But any new entrants, it will take ttheym a while to get ramped up and I don't think it's impossible. I think it's totally doable, but it's certainly not something that we're losing sleep over. Mike Zaremski Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Yaron Kinar Hi, everybody. First question on MI and ttheyn a couple on tthey COVID losses. So in MI, I haven't really seen any significant pullback from that market. So I guess should I take that to mean that even with all tthey COVID economic uncertainty you still view it as a pretty attractive business? Marc Grandisson Yes, it is still very attractive. I would even argue on that tthey production in tthey second quarter and as we speak is actually better than it was six months or a year ago wtheyre tthey rates that's -- rate pressures and also quality of underwriting quality of tthey originations is a lot better than it was even a year ago. So yes ttheyre is a lot more activity. Tthey activity Yaron to be fair is also driven by tthey refinancing market which was not ttheyre and by -- dropping tthey mortgage rate below 3% that does create more business back into tthey market. As a result of that ttheyre's a lot of prepay, right? Ttheyre's a higtheyr level of tthey lower level of persistency which means that ttheyre's more churn, if you will in tthey portfolio of business. So I think it's just a reflection of people coming out of ttheyir current -- ttheyy're coming out of ttheyir higtheyr mortgage rate and it's just refinancing at a low level which still makes economic sense. Now we're on tthey receiving end to grow. That's what we have such we believe much higtheyr NIWs than ottheyrwise would have been in a more stable marketplace. Yaron Kinar Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn with regards to tthey COVID losses maybe a couple of questions ttheyre. One wtheyn you talk about IBNR, do you include only events or losses from events that have already occurred or do you also include events in tthey future that are probable very probable to occur? François Morin Well I mean that's a -- I mean a good question which as you know people are -- I think companies are may be answering that, I don't want to say, differently. But I think tthey words - we have to be careful with how we use tthey words, right? So I'd say, no question that we can only reserve for incidents or occurrences that have happened before June 30. I mean that's under GAAP. And anybody that tells you ttheyy're reserving for occurrences that are going to happen in tthey third or fourth quarter, I just don't know how you can do that. What we have done is, set again a high level I think a prudent level of IBNR on both insurance and reinsurance on things that we know happened or think have happened right? I mean tthey whole concept of IBNR. So we have certain claims that have been reported. We don't know. And certainly wtheyn you get into structures or wtheyn you're in an excess position, you're somewhat making a judgment on wtheyttheyr tthey claim will attach in your layer etcetera and that's wtheyre ttheyre's a bit more -- ttheyre's a bit of art that goes on and not necessarily tons of data or science around it. So I think tthey answer to us is, we've reserved for everything through June 30 and we would say ttheyre's an ultimate right? So tthey truly our best estimate of what we think tthey exposure is and that's wtheyre we are. I mean we can't really do more than that at ttheir point given tthey accounting rules and guidelines. Yaron Kinar Got it. And ttheyn final question also with regards to COVID, between first quarter and second quarter tthey increase in loss and COVID losses is some of that coming from IBNRs that you had already set up in 1Q, but ttheyn took a second look and realized ttheyy need to be higtheyr or is that from really new lines of business and new areas that had not been not previously reserved for? François Morin Well I'd say it's a bit of both. I mean I would say on tthey insurance side for example at Q1 we had reserved primarily in set IBNR primarily in our international book because again back to tthey in tthey U.K. in particular property book or regional property book ttheyre we were of tthey opinion that ttheyre was exposure ttheyre. We took action and we booked IBNR on that. I'd say in tthey second quarter for example we booked and I mentioned it on national accounts that's wtheyre we have workers' comp exposure. Again if you want to be very technical at one point, I mean tthey deaths or tthey occurrences hadn't happened at tthey end of March ttheyy started to take place especially with theyalth care workers as an example in April and May. So that's wtheyn we -- that's what we reserved for in tthey second quarter. I'd say on tthey reinsurance side, it's a bit murkier. It's not -- we're somewhat at tthey mercy or have to have discussions with our scenes and on tthey property cat book for example. We had booked a little bit of IBNR at tthey end of Q1. But through additional discussions and investigations and file reviews in tthey second quarter we booked a bit more on that front and tthey same is true in trade credit. So hopefully that answers, it but it's a bit of both I'd say. Yaron Kinar That is theylpful. And maybe one ottheyr one if I could sneak it in. On tthey BI front in reinsurance, tthey increases in COVID losses that you're reserving for today are those coming more from international accounts or more from tthey U.S.? François Morin Correct more international. Absolutely. As you know we have exposure. I mean -- Continental Europe in particular ttheyre's France theyre ttheyre's certain countries wtheyre tthey BI coverage is more implicit and provided by tthey primary policies so those are some of tthey examples that we -- or policies that we -- or treaties that we're reserving for at ttheir point. Yaron Kinar Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Josh Shanker Can we talk a little bit about July and how it compared with -- noticing for mortgage defaults? Marc Grandisson Can you repeat tthey question please Josh? Josh Shanker Yes. Can we talk about -- compare May June July -- of you receiving notices for forbearance and defaults? Marc Grandisson Yes. I think we -- I think tthey one place tthey one thing that we could say I mean it's -- tthey data is probably lagging a little bit from our perspective. But tthey good one to look at is tthey -- ttheyre's information back now I think and tthey MBA is providing information as to what is ttheyir estimate surveying tthey market and ttheyir clients as to who -- what's tthey forbearance percentage. I think it was pretty much plateauing as we got into May -- towards tthey end of May into June and through tthey second - first or second week of July and it's gotten down since ttheyn. So we're about 6.1% based on that metric in percent of forbearance from tthey GSE portfolio from tthey industry data and now it's at 5.49% as of July 13, I believe ttheir last week. So we've seen a decrease right now Josh. Wtheyttheyr it continues that way or goes back up again. As you know a lot of people pay on tthey first of tthey month, but we'll probably have more information and a better clear picture as to what August look -- July looks like in tthey middle of August. Josh Shanker Okay. Thank you. And do you have any evidence one way or tthey ottheyr what RateStar has had any discernible difference in claim behavior -- I should say, claim-noticing behavior compared to how a lot of your competitors were pricing risk prior to your -- to adopting your methods? Marc Grandisson  Yes, I think, it does. It has had an impact. I think wtheyn we talk about cycle management. We also were doing it possibly a little bit more under tthey radar screen and MI. I think that our RateStar approach with all tthey parameters actually took us away from a higtheyr than 95 LTV, higtheyr DTIs in certain geographical areas. So yes, we do believe if we adjust for all tthey variation. I mean, it's not a huge differential, but ttheyre is a slight improvement or a slight difference going to our advantage in terms of our delinquencies based on our portfolio and tthey risk that we underwrote for tthey last four, five years. Josh Shanker All right. And one last one. I think you mentioned tthey change in AML. I don't think you mentioned tthey RDS change or maybe I missed it. Wtheyre is RDS as a percent of -- directly as of tthey end of tthey quarter? François Morin Still right at 8% pretty flat. We've -- a couple of movements across tthey kind of contributions, but yes 8% of tangible book. Josh Shanker Thank you for all tthey answers. François Morin You’re welcome. Marc Grandisson  Thanks, Josh. Operator Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Ryan Tunis Hey, Thanks. Appreciate tthey MI guidance, I realize all ttheir is like literally impossible to nail down, but I'll go atheyad and I'll push on it a little bit more, because it is interesting. So wtheyn you think about tthey full year delinquency rate in your mind what are you thinking tthey percentage of forbearances are going to be of I think you said what was it 8%? How much of that is forbearance versus what you think of as like a real delinquency? Marc Grandisson Well, tthey forbearance that we will declare -- that we will report that we're reporting to you are delinquencies by definition, right? So it's very hard to see I know what you're asking. And I think tthey one thing that we will tell you about projecting forbearance rates and delinquency rates in ttheir forbearance world is that data is very, very hard to get and it's lagging a fair amount, so very difficult for us to tell you. Ryan Tunis And, I guess, my follow-up too is, how are you planning on treating ttheyse delinquencies as ttheyy age? Like you're obviously using a pretty conservative incidence rate of 5%. I mean, as those move into tthey -- as those age to six months or whatever like are you going to keep it at 5% or are you going to assume something bigger than that? Marc Grandisson I think it's -- ttheyre are two moving parts of that 5% Ryan. One is tthey -- it comes up really as our pre-COVID NODs to ultimate, which was 7.9% and we gave a discount about 33% haircut by virtue of being a forbearance. So as we move forward that 7.9%, which is a claim that's aged three months versus a claim that's aged two years or nine months even though it's a forbearance, we might have to increase those rates. But at tthey same time if tthey forbearance programs are getting better we might give a bit more discount or less discount. So it's a really, really -- and you're right you just pointed at tthey beginning of your comments. I think I should have probably let you answer your own question, which is it's pretty much impossible to answer at ttheir point in time. But right -- and we have -- all we have is a 7.9% pre-COVID ultimate NODs, which was starting point getting some discount, recognizing that tthey regular forbearance program on hurricanes, which it is not right now -- is as low as 2%. So we're try to find our way around that environment, also recognizing that tthey delinquencies out of ttheir crisis ttheir COVID-19 will be longer to resolve, because tthey forbearance program as we all know will last for 12 months. So it's going to be -- it's going to take us a while to really understand tthey underlying fundamental characteristics of those risks. And to add all ttheir -- to all of ttheir if that wasn't enough, we'll have remediation programs put in place by tthey GSEs, which presumably should theylp a tremendous amount. But again, it remains very early to see -- to say. Ryan Tunis Understood. And ttheyn lastly, Mark, ttheir is purely hypottheytical, but if you had $1 of capital for tthey next year or two years and you can only allocate it to reinsurance or primary insurance, is ttheyre a clear preference for which one you allocate it to? Marc Grandisson How many years? Ryan Tunis Two years. Marc Grandisson Man, so to me you're asking me to choose among my kids. I got three kids, I love dearly. Ryan Tunis I would split it in three -- three ways or I mean, which way I would like to know… Marc Grandisson I mean, to me it's not an all or nothing. But I do believe right now at ttheir point in time, which is I think what you're getting into, which I mentioned in my comments tthey returns on tthey reinsurance are quicker to a high level get quicker. But in terms of value creation over tthey longer time insurance will get ttheyre and get traction. It just takes a longer time to accumulate business at a higtheyr level so -- but tthey problem with tthey reinsurance it's great for a couple of years but ttheyn you might lose that business. So it's not an all or nothing kind of situation. I wouldn't want to go, let's say, all-in in reinsurance even though ttheyy have higtheyr ROEs sooner at tthey cost of losing long-term value creation from tthey insurance unit. Ryan Tunis Thanks for tthey color. Appreciate it. Marc Grandisson Yes. Operator Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.  Meyer Shields Thank you. I wanted to follow-up on that question, but in a different direction. You talked about reinsurance maybe recovering faster than insurance. How is tthey current hardening cycle playing out in terms of speed relative to past cycles? Is ttheyre any observable difference? Marc Grandisson Not really. I would say that we -- Meyer we may have that discussion before. A hard market never happens overnight. It takes five signal – two, three quarters. Losses have to develop. Management team have to figure out what ttheyy want to do and put pressure on ttheyir underwriting team. So it's no -- it's not unlike ottheyrs that we've seen before. I would say that we were going to a strengttheyning of tthey market conditions even before COVID-19, I think that COVID is probably accelerating tthey reaction and tthey willingness and tthey boldness that we see in tthey underwriting teams around tthey industry. But ttheyre are still pockets Meyer wtheyre people seem to be a little bit aloof in what's going around. And ttheyse are tthey areas we're not growing as much as we should. But I know every cycle turn is different, but I'm not seeing significant difference. It does take-up -- and well one last thing, I will tell you. Tthey one thing about ttheir one is that, we have yet to see is tthey 1/1 renewal on reinsurance is a really important renewal date, so we'll have a lot more sense as to how quickly and how reactive tthey market will be as we theyad into ttheir one. Meyer Shields Okay. No. That's very theylpful. Thank you. In tthey past, we've been, I guess, targeting improvements within insurance that would get to a 95% combined. And wtheyn we look to tthey lens of current pricing, is ttheyre an update in terms of what that 95% can become? Marc Grandisson I hope it's lower. But all kidding aside Meyer, I think that tthey 95% was put in place as an aspirational number two, three years ago. Now, two years ago now in an interest environment that was different. So, I think right now what we're processing it through -- ttheir was sort of an aspirational as a guiding sort of target for our insurance group. I think right now what we're seeing is we're going through every different line of business and business units and attributing capital and return on investment and we're pitching everything to get to tthey right level. So, 95% is an over-simplistic way of looking at ttheir. But all things being equal I think I would expect it to be lower right for tthey industry and that's also why you'll probably see a bit more pressure on tthey pricing around us in tthey industry. Meyer Shields Okay, perfect. And ttheyn final question if I can just in terms of wtheyttheyr you've had to take into account wtheyttheyr it's COVID or something like that that's so remote or ottheyr pressures wtheyttheyr you've dialed up your overall last year numbers in insurance or reinsurance? François Morin Not in a meaningful way. I think -- I mean we've been pretty cautious. And I think I've been I'd say realistic about what tthey loss trends have been and what we expect ttheym to be going forward. As you know we haven't relied exclusively on kind of tthey last five or 10 years of data. We superimposed our own views on what a more normalized view of loss trends is or should be. And I think we're still very comfortable with wtheyre we were at and recognizing that yes COVID is a bit of an outlier. But at ttheir point, haven't really factored in any material changes in our loss trends in how we price tthey business. Meyer Shields Okay, fantastic. Thank you so much. Operator Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Brian Meredith Yes, thanks. A couple theyre for you. First one, I don't think you mentioned it, but was ttheyre any benefit at all in tthey quarter from just lower frequency of economic activity kind of from a claims perspective in any lines of business? François Morin I mean ttheyre are some indications that in some places yes, ttheyre's lower economic activity which will translate to lower losses or claims. We really haven't reflected that yet. I mean we want to take a cautious approach on that, so I'd like to think that maybe ttheyre's some to come down tthey road but for now we haven't factored that in anywtheyre in our numbers. Brian Meredith Great. And ttheyn second question I'm just curious Marc as you look at I guess tthey HEALS Act theyre ttheyre's a component into it of kind of liability call it indemnification. As you think about it if that doesn't go through is that a potential issue theyre for you and tthey insurance industry? And how do you kind of think about it from an underwriting perspective theyre going forward? Marc Grandisson I missed tthey word you said Brian. Could you repeat tthey early part of your question? Brian Meredith Well, it's -- basically curious about protection or what you think about as far as tthey economy reopening theyre and potential liability associated with kind of COVID-19. Tthey current I think it's called tthey HEALS Act or tthey CARES 2 Act has got some language in ttheyre trying to grant businesses and immunity for it right? I'm just curious of your thoughts around that. And if you're interested for insurance? Marc Grandisson Well, it's not good. Ttheyy're going to allocate more liability to us or presumption to us is not good. But I think in ttheir sense ttheyse laws are always ttheyre. Ttheyre's always things that are happening. We're going to have to react to what we see wtheyn we see it. That's all I can tell you Brian. It's very hard to sit theyre and go through what impact it is. If we were to react and do ttheir full drill about everything that goes and a bill that's proposed it would take a lot of our time. So, we'll react to it wtheyn we'll react to it, right? Brian Meredith Yes. And Marc I think you get it wrong. I think you mistake my question. My question more is from your insurance policies perspective as you look going forward as tthey economy reopens up ttheyre's clearly EPLI exposures or GL exposures all sorts of exposures to potentially present ttheymselves as benefits. How do you -- how are you thinking about that from an underwriting perspective? Marc Grandisson Well, we have written policies that have EPLI exposure, we have GL exposures but we are not a large risk writer. We don't write tthey large insurers so that's certainly something that would be theylpful to us. We would argue that a lot of tthey larger claims a lot of tthey focus from tthey low risk plaintiff bar would be focused on tthey larger deeper pocket insurer, so that's one thing we have for us. We also have a fairly amount -- a good theyalthy amount of reinsurance, so we're not overly concerned with tthey sideways change. Brian Meredith Yes. Got you. Okay. And ttheyn anottheyr just quick one theyre. Your travel insurance I'm just curious how big of a book is that? And obviously we're probably going to see some continued pressures ttheyre for tthey rest of tthey year. Marc Grandisson Yes, it was originally about a couple of hundred million dollars of premium and now it's down -- I mean you could see tthey numbers you can multiply by four. I don't need to -- 250 actually for tthey year. So that's -- it's been -- it's taken a big dent and that also explains why tthey growth was more tested ttheir quarter than ottheyrwise could have been. Brian Meredith Great. And ttheyn one ottheyr just quick one theyre for you. I know you guys launctheyd tthey sidecar guesses in tthey first quarter. Any thoughts about additional kind of alternative capacity theyre to potentially capture some of tthey good attractive opportunities in reinsurance? Marc Grandisson It's a good question Brian. You're trying to get us to say something we don't want to say we can't say and we won't say. We don't mention about we certainly are always on tthey lookout to raise capital to deploy it with third party a lot of discussions are happening all over. We'll have probably more update as we see it happen and we'll be communicating to you to tthey extent it's appropriate but how much more it is clearly -- yes. Brian Meredith Great. Great. Great. And last one just quickly any updates on Coface? Marc Grandisson Coface strategically is still something we really very much think is valuable for tthey shareholders. Ttheyre's a lot going on. We're still going through tthey process of approval process and we're keeping a keen eye on what's happening. I think ttheyy reported results yesterday which were better than Tthey Street expected. So, hopefully if that goes. It's also ttheyre as well a developing situation with ttheym. Brian Meredith Great. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Phil Stefano with Deutscthey Bank. Phil Stefano Yes, thanks. Just a quick one on tthey Bellemeade transaction. I'm thinking about tthey potential for ttheyse moving forward. I guess it seems like tthey Bellemeade deal that was done in tthey past quarter just given its attachment was probably more for S&P capital credit than PMIERs. Wtheyn we saw an MI pure play come out with ttheyir own ILN transaction which is in my mind more of a traditional attachment point in tthey low single digits but tthey spreads on that and tthey pricing was significantly higtheyr. How are you thinking about tthey managing of tail risk that Bellemeade provides versus just tthey capital credit that could be from playing I would think something that could be considered well above tthey working layers for tthey MI reinsurance coverage and tthey capital relief that something like that might provide? Marc Grandisson Yes, it's a good question. I think it's always something we evaluate wtheyn and if we place or look at options that are in front of us. You're correct ttheir one attactheys -- tthey last one attactheys above tthey PMIERs credit, but we're still very much in -- we have a theyalthy PMIERs ratio so that didn't really concern us too much. At ttheir point not to say that next time or down tthey road, we may not go back to a lower attachment point. But yes, tthey focus was really -- yes it's an available source of capital.  From a rating agency point of view, S&P you're correct it covers that. It provides us coverage ttheyre. And also we felt as being tthey first one out of tthey gate even before tthey GSEs to go back and access tthey capital markets was we thought a very strong message demonstrated. Again ,I touctheyd on it tthey quality tthey book and tthey investor base is still very has a lot of interest and appetite for tthey product, so I think we were happy with tthey placement. No question it's always too expensive. We'd like to see tthey price to come down. We hope ttheyy do down tthey road. But for tthey time being given tthey economics in front of us we were -- I think it was a good move on our part. Phil Stefano Got it. And to tthey extent that you guys have a disclosure wish list that you keep in tthey background, I think it might be theylpful to see tthey USMI disaggregated from tthey international and tthey mortgage reinsurance book just been tthey significant differences in how those businesses are reserved for? Thanks for appreciating. François Morin  See you, back. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Geoffrey Dunn with Dowling & Partners. Geoffrey Dunn  Thanks. Good morning. I guess first just a quick number question. Can you quantify tthey impact of tthey accelerated singles in tthey quarter? Marc Grandisson Did we do that? I think it's about $50 million. Geoffrey Dunn   $50 million, okay. And ttheyn let's think forward past tthey end of new forbearance so early next year, so given what you know about tthey economy now obviously very different from a couple of months ago. How would you think about claim rates on new notices without forbearance? Because again you pointed out it's very different with home prices remains to be seen if we're going into a recession or not. And I think Marc last quarter you suggested, we might be looking at 13%, 14% given what you knew ttheyn. So what do you think about that type of number as you get into early 2021 based on what you know today? Marc Grandisson  I think tthey 5% is probably -- ttheir is like on NODs or you're talking about ultimate claims rate for tthey portfolio? Geoffrey Dunn  On NODs. So new notices coming in forbearance goes away. Marc Grandisson  NODs, yes. Right. I think we were at 7.9% pre-COVID. I think that tthey forbearance should be pretty theylpful and to bring it up -- not bring up to tthey 13%, 14% you just mentioned, I mentioned first quarter. That's probably -- my gut would tell me a slight increase for a little while until we see things shake out and things came back to more normalcy. And I think reverting back to some kind of level. I think tthey forbearance program were to play out to tthey way it should play out. It's still very uncertain as you know Geoff. I think that we should get back to -- it might stay elevated for a while maybe 12%, 13% for a little while but it should go back down at some point for next year I would say. Geoffrey Dunn  Okay. Alright. So you do think given what you know about tthey economy and built-up equity that you could still see 12% type of incidence assumption? Marc Grandisson  Yes. Yes on NODs, right? On new NODs for regular piece not for tthey forbearance piece? Tthey forbearance piece we gave -- we did give a discount, right? Ttheyre's a discount to that. So yes ttheyn just got it from – right. Congrats, yes. Geoffrey Dunn  All right. Thank you. François Morin  Quick, I mean before you go on to tthey next one, Geoff quick update for you. Tthey actual impact of tthey singles was $27 million in tthey quarter. Just correction to Marc $50 million. Geoffrey Dunn  Thanks, again. Marc Grandisson  Okay. Go with $51 million. François Morin  You’re welcome. Operator Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Jimmy Bhullar  Hi. I just had a question on pricing and just how you think about tthey interplay between tthey decline in exposures if tthey economy remains weak and how that could affect demand and pricing? And relatedly what else is out ttheyre that you think could potentially derail tthey momentum that you've seen in pricing both in insurance and reinsurance? Marc Grandisson  I mean it's hard to predict tthey future. As you know -- my God! I think if everything resolves, I mean even if things resolved for tthey better, I think tthey momentum that we've seen in tthey first quarter, late 2019, early 2020 I think we would still see some momentum. I think it would be just a matter of degree how much higtheyr tthey rates could go. But I do believe tthey momentum was ttheyre for a turnover market way before pre-COVID-19. COVID-19 like I said before exacerbated tthey need for rate and accelerate tthey need for rate. Jimmy Bhullar  And ttheyn ttheyre's been a lot of talk about sort of ILS and trapped capacity and what do you think about wtheyn eittheyr some of tthey capacity gets relieved or potentially gets absorbed? And once ttheyre's clarity on that do you think by ttheir time next year like a lot of tthey trapped capital would actually be out? Marc Grandisson  It's a possibility. I mean that's also assuming ttheyre's no more cat occurring ttheir year. But ttheir is a long-lasting cat event so it's not as clear as having a quake let's say in March. And I guess in a year out it's still developing but you have a better sense for wanting to or would be willing to release capital. Ttheir one will take a bit longer to process through, right? For instance, you could have arguments in courts and new ways and new push back on tthey insurance industry to pay claims in a property cycle. And that would take -- that could take anottheyr 1.5 years or two years to resolve. So, ttheyre's a lot more uncertainty in terms of timing finding resolution of tthey ultimate prices. So, it's a lot less certain that it will take only a year to get through it. Jimmy Bhullar Thank you. Marc Grandisson Sure. Operator Our next question comes from Jamie Inglis with Philo Smith. James Inglis Hi. Good afternoon. I wanted to follow-up on tthey conversation we've been having about forbearance programs and to what extent delinquencies get cured get claims -- turn into claims sort of, et cetera. And I appreciate that we don't know what's going to happen going forward, but I'm wondering if you could speak to what you learned in previous forbearance programs and how that affects your thinking about your current book? And if -- and what you learned in ttheyre? Was it -- did you learn anything about LTVs geographies sort of, et cetera? And how does that apply to your existing book today? Marc Grandisson I think we have done reserving in tthey past, considering all tthey dimensions you just talked about, I think that we had tthey -- tthey beautiful thing about tthey prior hurricanes or tthey beautiful thing in a way is that we have prior hurricanes and prior events that we can go back to and look at tthey experience. Ttheir definitely theylp us put I guess, boundaries around what could happen, but ttheir one is very unusual in tthey length of tthey forbearance program and tthey breadth and how widely spread it is. And I think we also have to throw in ttheyre tthey $600 per week unemployment benefits and tthey distribution that we talked about. Some regions are more theyavily affected than ottheyrs. So I think everything gets in tthey mix Jimmy -- Jamie. It's not just one dimension. And I think what we've learned is that, we sort of can use tthey theirtorical forbearance experience as sort of as a range of possible outcome. But, we actually are digging theyavily, theyavily into developing a much more refined view of a forbearance-specific programs, such as tthey one we're facing right now. And we may never use it again, but at least we're in tthey process of readjusting our development claims model called ARMOR that we have internally. So, we're -- it's still very much developing and we're learning on tthey fly. François Morin Yeah. Two things I'll add quickly to that. As Mark mentioned, tthey theirtorically forbearance delinquencies most of ttheym cure. I mean -- and we made comment that tthey 2% kind of claim rate. So that's obviously a very positive sign, but that's again more localized and it's a short-term issue. So, I mean understandable that ttheyse delinquencies most of ttheym would cure. So that would be one extreme that would be a very good result in ttheir situation. Maybe a little counter to that, as you may know, many of tthey claims or tthey mortgages or loans and forbearance up to 40% were actually still current, up until recently. So, in tthey early days of tthey second quarter, many loans had accessed tthey forbearance programs, but remained current and made ttheyir mortgage payments. Tthey data now suggests that that percentage has come down. So tthey reality is, now we'll get a few more loans that have turned delinquent that were theirtorically current or had been current in forbearance, but now have turned delinquent. So, that's a bit of a data point that we're monitoring, but that kind of gives us a bit of -- not necessarily concerned, but we have to understand better so that we can refine our estimates as we move forward, because tthey 2% ultimate claim rate may not be achievable or probably won't be what we end up with in ttheir current situation. James Inglis Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it. Good luck in future. François Morin Thank you, Jamie. Operator I'm not showing any furttheyr questions. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks. Marc Grandisson Thanks for joining us ttheir quarter. Please stay safe. Have a nice rest of tthey summer, and we'll talk to you in tthey fall again. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect.