Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q2 2017 Results Conference Call July 27, 2017 11:00 AM ET Executives Constantine Iordanou - Chairman and CEO Marc Grandisson - President and COO Mark Lyons - EVP and CFO Analysts Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Meyer Shields - KBW Brian Meredith - UBS Ryan Tunis - Crédit Suisse Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Second Quarter 2017 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey Federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's website. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today's conference, Mr. Dinos Iordanou, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Mark Lyons. Sir, you may begin. Constantine Iordanou Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. Our performance for tthey second quarter was satisfactory as strong performance in tthey mortgage segment was partially offset by higtheyr attritional losses in our Property Casualty business. On an operating basis, we produced an annualized return on equity of 8.5% for tthey second quarter of 2017 and 9.1% on a trailing 12-month basis. Return on equity based on net income was a little higtheyr at 8.7% annualized for tthey second quarter and 10% on a trailing 12-month basis at June 30, 2017. Our book value per common share at June 30, 2017 grew to $59.60 per share, a 3.3% increase from March 31, 2017 and a 15.2% increase from a year ago. Now turning to second quarter results. Our reported combined ratio on a core basis, Mark Lyons will define in a moment what that means, improved to 7.2 points from tthey second quarter 2016, led by excellent results in tthey mortgage segment. Our mortgage segment improved its combined ratio quarter-over-quarter to 30% from 44% in tthey second quarter of 2016, primarily due to increased scale resulting from tthey United Guaranty acquisition and consolidation activities at Arch MI U.S. Integration of tthey U.S. primary mortgage operations continue to progress very well and is on or slightly atheyad of targets that we have set. Tthey combined sales force is fully integrated and is working well with all of our customers. With tthey exception of a few customers we discussed in our last quarter call we have not experienced any material changes in our bank or credit union relations in tthey quarter. Ttheyre were no significant changes in tthey Property and Casualty operating environment from last quarter as weaker market conditions continue to pressure margins. As we noted on an 8-K last month, our reinsurance segment experienced unusually high loss activity on a small number of contracts in our property facultative unit in tthey second quarter, which contributed to an 11 point increase to tthey segment's combined ratio to 94% for tthey quarter from tthey same period in 2016. Tthey property facultative unit has produced significant underwriting profits over time and we view ttheyse losses on ttheir quarter as an aberration. Our insurance group combined ratio also rose in tthey quarter to 100.8% due to effects of margin compression and an increase in attritional losses. Loss reserve development remained favorable in each of our segments, which in tthey aggregate reduced our combined ratio by 6.4 points. Marc Grandisson will elaborate on what we see in each of tthey markets in a few minutes. Net investment income per share for tthey second quarter was $0.66 per share, down $0.03 sequentially from tthey first quarter, due in part to lower returns on one of our alternative asset investments in tthey quarter. As you know, we manage our investment portfolio on a total return basis which on a U.S. dollar basis was 163 basis points for tthey quarter and 129 basis on a local currency basis. Before I turn tthey call over to Marc Grandisson, I would like to discuss our PMLs. For many years now we have reported our exposure to a 250-year probable maximum loss from a single catastrophic event because we believe it is easier to manage exposure by measuring risk and ttheyn limiting tthey amount of risk you're willing to take. Ttheir quarter, we are also reporting to you our exposure to mortgage risk from a systemic stress event or what we call internally a realistic disaster scenario or RDS. And in future, we'll be referring to that term, RDS, so it will be good for you to get familiar with it. Although mortgage risk is different from property catastropthey risk, tthey mortgage sector is exposed to economic events like tthey Great Recession which occur in 2008 and 2009. Our RDS approach models various assumptions that are outlined on our website and we encourage you to review, so please visit our website. Tthey most current version produces losses that are about one-third more severe than what actually occur in tthey Great Recession of 2008. Overall, we believe it produces a reasonable estimate of downside risk. Although, as with all of our modeling, we will continue to refine and improve ttheym as we go forward. As of tthey end of tthey second quarter 2017, our RDS generates an indicative exposure that is consistent with what we share with you at our Investor Day last month of about $1.1 billion or about 13% of our shareholders' equity at June 30, 2017. Ttheir level is well below our maximum risk tolerance of 25% of equity. Our property cat exposure are substantially tthey same as last quarter, with our peak zone in tthey Norttheyast representing approximately 6% of equity. We will report tthey rest of our property cat PMLs in tthey 10-Q wtheyn it's going to be filed shortly. Tthey models for property cat and now mortgage are constantly evolving and we will update you on our assessment of risk as we view changes. Before I go over to Marc Grandisson, also I want to note that we continue to make progress with tthey rating agencies. As you know, following tthey acquisition of United Guaranty last -- all rating agencies put us on credit watch. Last night, Fitch affirmed our ratings at A+ with a stable outlook. We're very pleased with that outcome. And with that, I will turn it over to Marc Grandisson for their comments. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Dinos, and good morning to you all. Tthey earnings contribution for mortgage is improving to be an offset to softening conditions we see in tthey property casualty sector. As Dinos has mentioned, integration of tthey U.S. MI companies are going well as tthey expense ratio for tthey MI segment improved to 22.5% at tthey end of tthey second quarter. Our new insurance written or NIW was $17.3 billion for tthey second quarter, a decrease of 11% over tthey same quarter in 2016 on a like-for-like basis, largely due to our decreased writings of single premium business. We continue to deemphasize single premium business in our U.S. MI primary sector because we are not satisfied with tthey current return profile. For tthey second quarter of 2017, single premium comprised just 14% of NIW versus 18% last quarter. While market share is important, Arch's focus is on producing tthey best risk adjusted returns for our shareholders. Since not all MI companies have reported ttheyir writings as of today so far, we estimate that Arch U.S. MI's market share remains in tthey mid-20s for tthey second quarter of 2017. More importantly to Arch, 80% of our NIW came through our risk-based pricing platform, which we believe generates better risk-adjusted returns than a simple rate card. Our expected ROEs for U.S. MI is still above our long-term target of 15%. Tthey overall quality of tthey risks written remains very strong. A higtheyr level of mortgage rates in Q2 has led to an improved level of persistency, which now comes in at 78%. We continued to experience favorable development in tthey U.S. MI reserves, consistent with what you have theyard from our competitors. Tthey trend of cured delinquencies outpacing new notices of delinquency is continuing. Arch wrote five new U.S. GSE, tthey government-sponsored enterprises, credit risk-sharing transactions or as we called ttheym tthey CRT, bringing our total risk-in-force from ttheym to approximately $2.2 billion at tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2017. Average yields in tthey CRTs remain theyalthy and ROEs are above our long-term targets. We remain very committed to tthey GSE's ongoing efforts to develop private credit risk transfer solutions. Finally, our Australian mortgage insurance relationship continues to generate a good flow of business, although it has slowed down as we tighten underwriting standards for new originations. Ttheyse efforts are contributing to a reduction in written premium of 50% sequentially in tthey quarter. Moving now to P&C insurance. Market conditions remain challenging, with rate decreases stabilizing somewhat. Tthey rate change differential in tthey U.S. by size of account is significant. For smaller or what we call controllable accounts, also those driven by lines with auto exposure, we saw a positive 250 bps rate change in tthey quarter. However, for our cycle-managed businesses we saw a negative rate change of 330 bps. After factoring in ttheyse rate changes and an estimated loss trend of 210 bps, we had margin erosion of roughly 40 basis points for all lines in tthey second quarter for our U.S. P&C insurance operations. In addition, we have observed furttheyr broadening of terms and conditions. In ttheir environment, tthey trend is not our friend. We are prudent, as always in our underwriting and reserving as we observe tthey insurance cycle weakening. In general, we believe that in many areas of Property Casualty insurance, tthey risks of too much variability around tthey expected returns to grow our writings. Turning to reinsurance now. We continue to focus on tthey few opportunities that have relative rate strength and more favorable returns, while we are deemphasizing tthey more commoditized segments as rates and loss trends also continue to erode margins. Our net written premium increased largely due to a specific loss portfolio transfer contract. Excluding tthey effect of that transaction, our growth was more modest and as a result of our continuing focus on seizing opportunities. Our property cat and property writings are still decreasing due to market conditions, as our reinsurance group focuses on margins and not just tthey premiums. Our ability to deploy capital to MI at mid-teens ROE and deemphasizing tthey traditionally commoditized overcrowded P&C market at single-digit ROEs is a testament to our flexibility. And with that, I'll hand ttheir over to Mark to cover tthey detailed financial results. Mark Lyons Great, thank you, Marc and good morning to everyone. Given that my colleagues are a little long winded today, I'm going to try to talk like a New Yorker and blast through what I have to add. In so doing, first, I'll make some summary comments for tthey quarter all on a core basis and as a refrettheyyr tthey term core corresponds to Arch's financial results excluding Watford Re, wtheyreas tthey term consolidated includes Watford Re. But I'd also like to point out that we've altered tthey chart on Page one of tthey earnings release. So that now, it provides income statement and combined ratio information for tthey quarter on both a consolidated basis and excluding Watford Re's results, all in one place for convenience purposes. I believe that ttheyre is still some confusion about how Watford's financial results really impact Arch, given that we consolidate ttheym and ttheir theylps to provide more transparency. For additional clarity, if only tthey 11% ownership of Watford Re was reflected at our underwriting results, tthey resulting combined ratio for tthey quarter would be only 30 basis points higtheyr than our core 82.2% combined ratio. Okay, so moving forward. Claims recorded in tthey second quarter of 2017 from catastrophic events net of reinsurance recoverables and related acquisition expenses was 2.3 loss ratio points compared to 4.1 loss ratio points in tthey second quarter of last year, on tthey same basis, mostly emanating from within our reinsurance segment. Tthey activity was primarily driven by Australian Cyclone Debbie at our property facultative unit and various ottheyr events around tthey globe. As for prior period pure net loss reserve favorable development, 6.5 loss ratio points were reported in tthey quarter, led by tthey reinsurance segment with approximately $40 million of favorable prior period development, tthey mortgage segment providing nearly $30 million of favorable development and tthey insurance segment with approximately $2 million of favorable development. Approximately 80% of tthey mortgage segment favorable development emanated from tthey U.S. primary first lien portfolio and a meaningful portion for $6.8 million stemmed from net favorable development resulting from subrogation recoveries as discussed on last quarter's call, and ULAE led by tthey second lien portfolio that came over as part of tthey UGC acquisition and that is, in fact, a runoff operation. Tthey reinsurance segment, net favorable development was across most underwriting years for short and medium-tailed lines and predominantly from tthey 2002 to 2004 and 2008 to 2012 underwriting years for longer-tailed lines. Tthey overall calendar quarter combined ratio on a core non-Watford basis was 82.8 -- 82.2% and wtheyn adjusting for cats in prior period development, tthey core accident quarter combined ratio was 86.3% compared to 94.2% in tthey second quarter of 2016. Tthey reinsurance segment accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats of 101.1% compares to second quarters of 2016's 98.3%. While tthey insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 99.4% compared to 96.1% in tthey second quarter of 2016. Both results reflect higtheyr loss specs due to increasingly difficult market conditions. However, tthey reinsurance segment was impacted by an abnormally high claim frequency as Dinos mentioned, reported during tthey quarter, emanating from tthey property facultative units, as previously disclosed in an 8-K released in June. Tthey property facultative unit has theirtorically been one of tthey most profitable within Arch and only in one ottheyr quarter over tthey last 10 years has ttheyir quarterly combined ratio been over 100%, giving more support and stock to Dinos' comments of it being an outlier. Tthey reinsurance segment also booked a retroactive reinsurance transaction for an existing client that contains sufficient risk transfer for insurance accounting treatment. Although tthey reinsurance segment calendar quarter combined ratio does not vary materially, wtheyn looking at results inclusive or exclusive of ttheyse transactions, tthey components of tthey combined ratio do vary. Accordingly, tthey calendar quarter loss ratio excluding ttheir transaction would be 6.5 points lower, wtheyreas tthey expense ratio would 5.6 points higtheyr excluding ttheir transaction. Ttheir should be considered wtheyn examining tthey components of tthey quarter combined ratio. Lastly, for tthey reinsurance segment, tthey second quarter of 2016 contained an unusually large gain in tthey ottheyr underwriting income line of $19 million, stemming from tthey commutation of a large deposit accounted contract with no corresponding impact ttheir quarter. Tthey reported insurance group accident quarter, excluding cat loss ratio, increased approximately 230 basis points quarter-over-quarter and after controlling for large attritional losses and mix changes, increased approximately 160 basis points. As a result of tthey ongoing competitive conditions in tthey P&C markets, we continue our approach of prudent current accident year loss picks. However, ttheyse difficult conditions in tthey insurance and reinsurance markets were more than offset by tthey continued improving profitability of tthey mortgage segment, also amplified with ttheyir net earned premiums being a larger proportion of total. Tthey mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio improved to 42% even, from 60.6% in tthey second quarter of last year. And ttheyir net earned premium represented similar to tthey fourth quarter of 2017, nearly 25% of tthey total core net earned premium compared to only 7.5% in tthey corresponding quarter of 2016. Although I said ttheir last quarter, I think it's still worth repeating that in tthey mortgage segment, accident quarter has a different connotation than in tthey PC world and is more similar in concept to claims made businesses in tthey PC space, since tthey notice of default defines tthey assignment of tthey appropriate quarter. Similar to last quarter, ttheyre were some non-recurring costs in tthey second quarter resulting from tthey UGC acquisition. Ttheir quarter, such non-recurring cost totaled $2.7 million, in contrast to tthey first quarter of 2017's $15.6 million. So ttheyy're trailing off, as you might expect. Tthey sources of cost emanated from severance outplacement and trailing related UGC transaction cost. Now ttheyre were additional reduction-in-force actions taken in tthey quarter, but tthey implementation was slightly different than in tthey first quarter of 2017. Tthey first quarter had 2 actions. One effective on January 31 and anottheyr effective on March 31. Ttheyrefore tthey first quarter saw some salary expense reflected for employees who were terminated by that quarter end. Ttheir quarter, however, tthey effective date of tthey reduction in force was actually effective on July 1. However, tthey 63 affected employees were noticed in May, so related severance costs were accrued, totaling $2.6 million. Tthey salary compensation recognized in tthey second quarter associated with employees involved in tthey July 1 reduction in force was $1.4 million, which also equals tthey quarterly run rate salary savings because tthey action was effective July 1. Wtheyn combined with tthey actions taken in tthey first quarter of 2017, tthey cumulative quarterly run rate salary savings are $7.1 million, and ttheir would be $28.4 million on an annualized basis. We will continue to comment in future quarters about any ottheyr actions taken and ttheyir financial impact. We'll report ttheym as ttheyy occur. Given tthey nature of ttheyse expenses and consistent with last quarter, we have excluded ttheir $2.7 million of cost from operating income as ttheyy are not indicative for our true underlying performance. Through 6 months, 265 employees and 85 contractors have been subject to reduction-in-force actions. It is also worth noting that operating earnings per share ttheir quarter included a $1.7 million equity accounting charge due to our proportional ownership interest in Premier Re due to ttheyir startup nature. As most of you are aware, we worked with AIG in June to alter tthey common equivalent stock lockup provisions contained within our UGC acquisition purchase agreement and completed a secondary offering in which approximately 56% of such shares were sold, ttheyreby increasing our stocks float. Irrespective of that sale, however, tthey earnings per share calculation continues to employ tthey full approximate 130 million shares that reflects tthey full issuance of such stock that were part of tthey UGC acquisition purchase price. Moving on to tax, as respect to tthey effective tax rate, with our changing portfolio and geographic mix, tthey second quarter of 2017 tax rate on pre-operating income of 14.4% represents an updated 15.3% effective annual tax rate, along with 190 basis point reduction stemming from a change in GAAP accounting affecting stock compensation, as mentioned last quarter and 100 basis point addition of roughly $2 million, reflecting a year-to-date catch up for tthey now higtheyr effective annual tax rate just mentioned. As always, tthey tax rate is affected by varying mixes of income by geographical distribution and any associated changes in local tax rates. Turning now to tthey mortgage segment, I want to point out tthey difference between tthey U.S. primary mortgage division's gross versus net risk-in-force. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, tthey gross risk-in-force was $62.4 billion, wtheyreas tthey net of external reinsurance risk-in-force was 27% lower at $45.8 billion, as we have consistently implemented, in all of our segments, our ongoing mortgage strategy is to maximize profitability while simultaneously protecting tthey balance ttheyyet. Tthey existing quarter shares that are in place, along with existing and ongoing excess of loss reinsurance and capital markets protections, provide tthey aggregate end-tail risk balance ttheyyet protection that we seek. I'll also point out that tthey U.S. primary MI gross risk-in-force as of June 30 contained only 8.4% emanating from 2007 and prior. As for after-tax operating income earnings per share accretion realized in tthey second quarter of 2017 from tthey UGC acquisition, we examined our results with and without tthey impact of tthey UGC acquisition, giving due consideration to associated debt financing interest costs, preferred stock dividend charges, associated transaction costs and intangible amortization. Tthey accretion from tthey transaction for tthey quarter was approximately 29% on an adjusted reported basis. Now I use tthey term adjusted, because tthey theyretofore mentioned property facultative losses abnormally depressed tthey reinsurance segment's underwriting income, making tthey apparent operating earnings per share accretion for tthey quarter artificially high. Instead, substituting tthey property facultative units' long-term quarterly financial results provides tthey more realistic 29% earnings per share accretion just referenced earlier. In a similar vein, I'd also like to clarify some aspects to tthey profitability contributions from our three underwriting segments: insurance, reinsurance and mortgage business. As stated earlier, wtheyn discussing tthey earnings per share accretion stemming from tthey UGC transaction, tthey relative underwriting income contribution is also distorted by tthey property facultative unit's abnormal loss activity in tthey quarter. Adjusting for ttheir, along with making allocations of intangible assets, incremental interest and dividend costs from acquisition financing, as well as allocating net investment income to tthey three segments, which has not been theirtorically done within our earnings releases or financial supplements, yields tthey following pretax operating income contribution mix for 2017 on a 6-month year-to-date basis. Mortgage segment contributed 55% with that definition, reinsurance segment, 25% and tthey insurance segment, 20%. Management continues to evaluate performance for tthey operating segments primarily by underwriting income and views and manages tthey investment function on a total return basis across all segments. Ttheir alternative view though may provide additional insight into our sources of profitability. On a GAAP basis, at June 30 versus year-end 2016, our total debt-to-capital ratio was 20.1% and total debt plus preferred tthey total capital ratio was 27% even, down 170 basis points from year-end 2016. Ttheir leverage reduction was due to our growth in common equity as our debt and preferred levels were unchanged from year-end. Arch core operating cash flows were $274 million, up $121 million relative to tthey second quarter of 2016. And ttheir increase was primarily driven by premiums collected net of reinsurance sessions and related acquisition expenses. As Dinos mentioned, book value per share increased 3.3% sequentially ttheir quarter. But tangible book value increased 4.2% sequentially, driven primarily by intangible asset amortization, along with a small refinement to goodwill emanating from tthey UGC transaction. Once again, we did not purchase, repurchase any shares and do not anticipate repurchasing any during tthey balance of 2017. With ttheyse introductory comments, we're now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Kai Pan Well done Mark, and I timed you. You cut prepared remarks by 5 minutes. Mark Lyons Thank you. Glad I could do that for you. Kai Pan First question is on tthey mortgage expense ratio. Is 22% a good run rate going forward, or ttheyre are more to come, given that some of ttheyse expense saving was still to come? Marc Grandisson It's still early in tthey game. We've been ttheyre, we've been at it for 6 months. We're pleased like Dinos said, we're running on or slightly atheyad of target. It's hard to see wtheyre it's going to end up in tthey long run, I think we'll be able to have a clear view of wtheyre we are probably by middle of next year. But if you look at our comparisons in industry, I think that anywtheyre from 18%, 19%, to 24% seems to be wtheyre everybody is landing. we certainly are ongoing. As, you know us, focusing on extracting as much scale as we can out of tthey operations. So we'll have a much better, good sense of tthey run rate by middle of next year. Mark Lyons And Kai, I would just add, ttheir is a mortgage segment. Combined ratio, so it'll also depend on a relative mix of tthey GSE transactions, which attract just very low marginal cost to it. Kai Pan Is that tthey 32, tthey $32 million of ottheyr operating expense in tthey quarter, is that tthey good run rate going forward or ttheyre's going to be sort of like a furttheyr improvement or reduction ttheyre? Mark Lyons Well if you look, are you talking MI specifically? Kai Pan Yes. Mark Lyons Well, that's a little tougtheyr. You wind up good, remember it's a ratio. So you've got, you're asking a numerator question. I think Marc answered tthey denominator answer wtheyn it was growing scale. Given some of tthey activities that are in place, I think it's likely to creep lower. But I don't have, I don't think it's appropriate to have a forecast going forward. Constantine Iordanou We try to manage tthey company as well as we can, lean and mean. We don't try to, we didn't do tthey transaction because some investment banker put on a spreadttheyyet some synergies that we have to achieve, et cetera. We believe that tthey activity so far is better-than-expected and ttheyre will continue to be some additional savings. Now, not knowing how much volume of business we're going to have, you don't know tthey ratio. But I think you will see, on just pure dollars, a little bit of improvement as we go back. Marc Grandisson Tthey one thing I would add finally to ttheir is ttheyre's a lot of things going on at GSEs as you guys know, in Washington, a lot of things can be changing, which would mean having to beef up or increasing tthey amount of resources we have to allocate ttheyre or it could be a lot less. So ttheyre's a lot of moving parts as we speak. That's why we're trying to be as careful in answering that question to you. Kai Pan Great. My second question on tthey reinsurance reserve release is that ttheir quarter has been meaningfully lower than a year ago quarter. I just wonder is ttheyre anything on any trend that we should read into that? Marc Grandisson My comments, I mentioned about comments on tthey ongoing trends and condition. We have seen, and I think you've theyard from some ottheyr calls as well, that tthey loss trend is picking up in general in tthey marketplace. So we have seen some changes in development but not -- that significant. We're just trying to be more prudent in tthey way we're recognizing theirtory and tthey actual experience. It has also theylped us inform our current action year picks. So we're trying to be more prudent because ttheyre are a lot of things that, in addition to tthey loss trend, I did mention terms and conditions. So we're trying to do -- be appropriately prudent and careful in tthey way we're going about ttheir. Mark Lyons And Kai, I would also add that tthey relative mix of tthey reinsurance reserves ttheyse days, because of our reduction in tthey PML, purposeful reduction, we don't have as much short-tailed release, it's longer-tailed lines and longer-tailed lines have more complexity to it and emergence, so for a data-driven company, as Marc alluded to and I will release it wtheyn it shows. But you got to be more prudent wtheyn you're dealing with longer-term lines. Constantine Iordanou And we talked last quarter, Kai, to remind you that also ttheyre was tthey Ogden 75 negative bps change and that has to be included in tthey data, which it affects a lot of our long-tail reserves. Kai Pan Okay, great. And last one if I may. Your PML as well as RDS, wtheyn you consider your 25% shareholders' equity limit, do you simply add ttheym up or you consider ttheym separately given ttheyy're uncorrelated? Constantine Iordanou Well, ttheyy're uncorrelated. And we -- don't forget, we don't add ttheym up because you got to -- ttheyre is a probability that ttheyy might happen tthey same year. But tthey different -- tthey property cat is usually an annual event, it happens immediately. Tthey mortgage is not going to happen in one year. It's going to -- it will drift, it will be three or four years. It will be tthey recessional period that's going to affect us. So we don't quite add ttheym up, but we're cognizant of wtheyre we are in eittheyr segment and we do an aggregate probability estimation and if we feel comfortable we continue to add exposure. And we don't, we reduce exposure. Wtheyre we are today is not an issue. Even if you add ttheym up togettheyr is well within our tolerance, so we're not spending a lot of time thinking about that right now. Kai Pan Great. Thank you so much. Marc Grandisson Right. Operator Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Elyse Greenspan Good morning. My first question, we've theyard some companies kind of point to maybe a bit of a stabilization in tthey market, just from some of your introductory comments, it doesn't seem like you guys are seeing that. Wtheyn you kind of look out towards tthey end of ttheir year and even into next year, do you expect that we'll see any kind of change in tthey property casualty market, wtheyttheyr in insurance or reinsurance? With tthey caveat, obviously, we are still in tthey middle of one season. Constantine Iordanou Wtheyn you look at it in tthey aggregate and if you look at it purely by rate, so to speak, it's fine as long as you ignore some sort of trend, right? I mean, ttheyre is always, if you think trend is zero negative that comment holds water, our competitors' comment. We don't believe in that. We believe that between tthey slight rate increases we get in a few segments and tthey rate decreases we get in ottheyr segments, wtheyn you look at trend, we're losing ground. Clearly, we're losing ground. And you saw it in tthey way we choose to publish our accident year numbers. So we tried to factor all that in. And we booked, our insurance grew about over 100 I think on tthey accident year for tthey first time in quite a few quarters. And it is our anticipation that tthey market is not giving up enough rate to overcome loss trend and improve margins. So tthey margins I think ttheyy're slightly deteriorating. Marc Grandisson I think tthey market behavior, I think if you look at it in broad terms, it is still very, very competitive. Ttheyre's a lot of appetite to grow books of business and new ventures and new approactheys and new teams being moving around. So as we speak, we're not seeing that competition going away. We are also, as you're well aware, in tthey environment of excess capital globally and specifically in tthey P&C marketplace. So wtheyre we are right now, it's hard to see tthey future. But from wtheyre we sit, we are expecting a continuation of ttheir for tthey foreseeable future. Mark Lyons And a lethal follow-up to Dinos' comments ttheyre, as a quip, you could equate that to Midas mufflers, pay me now, or pay me later. So a specialty business has a range, it depends wtheyre you are in that range. If you're on tthey upper end of it, ttheyre's less chance of adverse development down tthey road. If you're on tthey lower end of it, you have an increased chance of adverse development down tthey road, and different managers have different views of how ttheyy report. Constantine Iordanou Tthey accident year numbers are self-grading exams, so you write tthey paper, you grade it and tthey professor comes 3, 4 years down tthey line, which is going to give you a real grade. So bear that in mind. Elyse Greenspan That's theylpful color. On tthey property facultative reinsurance loss, how much of that went through tthey underlying number and how much hit your catastropthey losses? Constantine Iordanou Ttheyre was 1 claim that it was from tthey cat. Tthey rest of it, it was individual fire losses. And like I said, it was very unusual quarter for us, and we view that as an aberration. It's not, anything we look, eittheyr from an underwriting point of view, selection of risk, et cetera, or what has happened in tthey 10-year that we have been running that group, ttheir was a surprise to us and an aberration. But no need for us to make any changes, eittheyr on underwriting guidelines and/or any concern that we have with tthey existing book of... Marc Grandisson And Elyse, it is an excessive loss portfolio, so bear that in mind that it actually has given us way below longer-term expected losses for so many quarters. So once in a while, you'll have that volatile result. So that's something that we should expect. I think ttheyy've just been unusually favorable for such a long time it happens once in a while, excessive loss portfolio. Constantine Iordanou On average, we take around $10 million lines, and 3 for losses can get you $40 million quickly. Having said that, it's highly unusual on a single quarter to have four or five losses. We usually get one, we get two, sometimes we get none. Mark Lyons And tthey ottheyr color on that, Elyse, it's a little less than half that's cat related. Marc Grandisson That's right. Elyse Greenspan I was just thinking about tthey underlying margin. And one last question, you guys called out international motor growth in tthey quarter. Was that in response to some rate increases following on Ogden was that just a material number? Just a little bit more color ttheyre. Marc Grandisson A little bit of Ogden at least, absolutely so you can geographically sort of circle into wtheyre we are focusing in some of tthey efforts. But ttheyre are also ottheyr countries mainly in Europe that have had rate increases, or rate and terms and condition changes that are we believe favorable at ttheir point in time, because so we are partnering up with companies out ttheyre and supporting ttheym and providing ttheym expertise and capacity to seize on tthey opportunity. So it's not only isolated to one area, but certainly tthey areas you mention about tthey Ogden rate is certainly a catalyst and one of tthey larger participation increase that we've seen in tthey last quarter. Mark Lyons But to your point, Elyse, tthey quota shares are unbounded but internal -- ttheyre's protective XOL, so it keeps that bounded. So quota shares are less impacted by Ogden and ttheyrefore, until we get clarity around what Ogden does, ttheyre's more of a slant towards tthey quota share business. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's great color. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Meyer Shields I wanted to get in a little bit with tthey loss portfolio transfer that you mentioned. First of all, is ttheyre any sort of limitation on how conservatively you can set initial reserves for that relative to your typical practice? Mark Lyons Well it's, I'm sure everybody'll kick in theyre, but it depends on tthey, somewhat to tthey accounting and tthey accounting is driven by what kind of risk transfer ttheyre is. Ttheyre's underwriting risk and timing risk. That is effectively internally a decision tree on tthey accounting treatment, depending upon those characteristics. So to tthey extent that ttheyre's not material underwriting risk, we don't put that through insurance accounting. It gets deposit accounting treatment. To tthey extent that it does get -- ttheyre's sufficient risk transfer and it does get insurance accounting treatment, we generally will, depending upon tthey deal, but as a broad statement, we'll book it very close to a breakeven and any margin associated with it gets accreted over tthey exposure period. Constantine Iordanou Meyer, a typical LPT to add to ttheir, you'll have to have mirror accounting between all parties. Typically, whatever is transferred will be assumed by tthey ottheyr party and it will have to be recognized by both parties. It's not really any difference in booking tthey reserve, if you will. Over time, it might change, it might evolve, which might raise ottheyr questions. But certainly, at tthey beginning of it, ttheyre has to be a commonality of agreement as to wtheyre we think tthey loss reserves are to be. And whatever, if you are seeding more premium, ttheyn you are seeding also reserve tthey addition will be described as an expense for tthey over-tthey-top and you'll have to take it as a seeding company. So we're -- it's a very, very straightforward way to look at things. Ttheyy used to be all tthey way in tthey past, 30 years ago, things you could do, but those days are over and it's very, very transparent. Meyer Shields Okay, that's very theylpful, thanks. Tthey second question, Marc, I guess, you talked about tthey spread of rate changes being pretty dramatic. Is ttheyre a similar spread in trend or is it just wtheyre those various product lines are performing now that's dictating tthey various rate changes? Marc Grandisson Ttheyre's a spread in trend absolutely, just by virtue and tthey 330 bps that I mentioned about tthey rate decreases, it's actually focused on tthey excess portfolio, which by definition, if you have a ground up 2% trend will have a leverage inflation ratio into it. So ttheyre is definitely, which is counterintuitive, Meyer, because you would expect rates to not go down as much wtheyn a trend has that much impact, but that's tthey nature of our business, we tend to have unfortunately sometimes doubling up on tthey negative impact against tthey loss ratio. That's what we've seen so far. Constantine Iordanou And let me add to what Mark said. At least in our shop, sometimes wtheyn ttheyre is negative trend, less losses being filed, whatever, we tend to ignore it. We kind of, I guess, we have difficult time accepting negative interest rates, I think we have a difficult time accepting negative trend. Some ottheyrs, ttheyy, and believe me, smart people can argue ttheir point and ttheyy can, ttheyy might be right. Ttheyy say, well listen, look at tthey data, ttheyre is certain segments that indicate that we have a negative trend. And it's a philosophical point of view. I think our entire management team theyre, including our Chief Actuary, our senior program center managers, we don't allow negative trend to get into our pricing or reserving or anything of that sort. We don't like that. We don't like that concept. Marc Grandisson And one of our tenets, Meyer, that's very important is as tthey trend changes, and we think it is somewhat changing in tthey underlying business, tthey uncertainty as to what impact it will have in tthey excess layer is magnified going forward, so we tend to be, as you know, a lot more careful, and we will tend to migrate towards more primary wtheyre ttheyre's a little bit more clarity into wtheyre that claim trend is going. And ttheir is I think one of those situations in tthey market wtheyre trend is picking up a little bit somewhat, terms and conditions are also weakening, so we try to be a bit more careful in wtheyre we write tthey business. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Brian Meredith Couple of questions theyre for you. First one, just back on tthey reinsurance and kind of a follow-on to Elyse's question about tthey underlying combined ratios ttheyre. It looks like if you strip out tthey facultative, or at least tthey additional facultative losses, your actually underlying combined ratio has improved on a year-over-year basis. Constantine Iordanou That's correct. Mark Lyons That's true. Constantine Iordanou That's great, that's better. Mark Lyons On tthey underlying basis, given tthey mixes because you've got tthey facultative unit, you've got tthey U.S. reinsurance unit and you got tthey Bermuda-based reinsurance unit, so a lot of that is mixture. Brian Meredith Got it, just wanted to clarify that. And ttheyn second question was on tthey deterioration you're seeing in your higtheyr loss mix that you've got in your insurance segment, wondering, is it possible to quantify how much of that is related to terms and conditions loosening up? I think that's something that's just kind of hard to quantify. Marc Grandisson It's hard to quantify at ttheir point. Constantine Iordanou I mean ttheyre is a portion of it that is terms and conditions, ttheyre's more a portion of it that is actually tthey rate. I mean, what tthey indication is, what our actuaries believe tthey rate increase we need to get to maintain a certain loss ratio and if we're not getting that, you got to factor it with a higtheyr accident year loss ratio. So I think it's a combination of both. But tthey terms and conditions is subjective, very, very, very hard for both underwriters and actuaries, even wtheyn I ask ttheyse questions to our claims people, ttheyy throw ttheyir hands up. Because ttheyy say, well, we're going to tell you wtheyn we see it. Well, tthey time ttheyy see ttheir wtheyn ttheyre is a lawsuit and say you didn't have that clause, you wouldn't be able to -- we would have been able to defend ourselves. And with that clause, we can. So ttheyre is a loss that we got to pay because of language on tthey contract. So how do you factor that in mattheymatically is very difficult. But we take it into consideration. If you ask me, is a wild guess is what it is, but we factor some of it wtheyn tthey conditions go down. And you have to. If you're not looking for at-risk developments in future years you'd better try to get your accident year as close to what you believe it is today. Marc Grandisson My experience on tthey contribution from terms and conditions is that as we get a weakening and softening market, tthey terms and conditions overwtheylm tthey pure loss trend that you would have seen. So we're -- it's still not -- we believe, I believe tthey majority of tthey rate, tthey rate decrease as we see it, as we speak. But again to Dinos' comment, it's a judgment call at tthey end of tthey day. It's very difficult to quantify most of it. Mark Lyons And Bryan before you move on, I'd like to backtrack to your first question. You talked about tthey reinsurance mix and what tthey underlying is. From what you said, it sounded like you are leaning towards excluding all of tthey property facultative large attritionals wtheyn in fact, ttheyre's always a piece of that, that will be in ttheyre at all times. We tend to think of it, not only in a load basis, remember ttheyy're not a cat load driven unit, but it's always going to be something, so subtracting it all is too much. Brian Meredith I was actually just looking year-over-year, I was assuming tthey 2.7 points that you referred to in tthey second quarter 2016 is what you had. So tthey delta, that's all I was doing. Mark Lyons Yes. Brian Meredith And last one, Mark, I'm just curious, going back to Kai's question on tthey mortgage insurance unit, tthey decline in ottheyr underwriting expense you saw from tthey first quarter, is that inclusive of tthey $7.1 million of quarterly kind of salaries and benefits reduction? And what ottheyr kind of stuff went into that reduction in ottheyr underwriting expenses? Mark Lyons You have to be careful ttheyre because that -- tthey $7.1 million is tthey run rate as if we took UGC into our operation and did nothing. Brought ttheym in and kept everyone and kept all tthey systems in place. You have to have a baseline. It's relative to that, it's forward-looking. So we will reap those $7.1 million on an ongoing basis if we hadn't -- versus having done nothing. So it's only a partial. So in tthey quarter, on salaries, it was $1.4 million of impact. I'm trying with that statement, Brian, I'm trying to give you a little bit of a run rate because you guys are always interested in that in your modeling. Brian Meredith Right, so it's $1.4 million. So I guess I'll go back to what was tthey difference between tthey 42 or 41.9 in tthey first quarter and tthey 32.2 in tthey second quarter, it's a big drop. Mark Lyons Okay. Hang on a second. Let me make sure I know wtheyre you're talking from. Brian Meredith Because you exclude tthey reseverancing stuff in those numbers, right? Mark Lyons Well, severance yes. Well, be careful. It's in tthey OpEx. So it's ttheyre. It's, we exclude it only in our definition of after-tax operating income per share, but it's reflected in tthey OpEx line in what you're referring to. Brian Meredith So it is in ttheyre? Okay. Operator Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Crédit Suisse. Ryan Tunis Just following up on some of tthey increase in loss trend in insurance. I guess, what I'm trying to figure out is in some lines, we've clearly recognized tthey trend is a little bit elevated and that's being reflected in loss mix. Are you leaving room for, like if trend gets a little bit worse from theyre, is that in tthey loss pick or are we at a point wtheyre to tthey extent it deteriorates furttheyr from what you've already seen, we'll see furttheyr increases? Marc Grandisson So I think currently, tthey answer to your question is yes, we would reflect a little bit more cushion and margin of safety if you will, loss ratio pick. In addition to ttheir, it will make us be a lot more careful in writing more, and actually will make us deemphasize and walk away from a deal that we think are no longer providing us with that margin of safety. And that will be, ttheir is an ongoing process, Ryan, right? It's back and forth as you go through tthey quarters. Constantine Iordanou Ryan, tthey point that Marc makes is very, very critical to our underwriting DNA theyre. If you're not willing to truthfully reflect, based on all tthey information you have, what tthey current profitability is on a particular line of business or a particular product line, you're bound to continue making mistakes going forward by not being truthful to yourself. If ttheyre is positive margin, negative margin, how big tthey margin is, et cetera. Because at tthey end of tthey day, ttheyse profit centers, ttheyy're going to determine if ttheyy're going to defend tthey book, if ttheyy're going to write more, if ttheyy're going to shrink tthey book. And all those determinations are done in our profitability review meetings that we do with every one of our profit centers and we're very, very religious in doing those. And you can do that and have 1 opinion, and wtheyn it comes to reserving, have a different opinion. So we, it's all intertwined and we speak from tthey same set of numbers and tthey same page, and it's all integrated between our pricing actuaries, our reserving actuaries, tthey profit center managers and our underwriters to make sure that we know wtheyre we're going. Do we always get it right, no. Nobody is perfect. But we try to be as truthful to ourselves as possible because that determines what is going to happen to us in '17 and '18 and '19. Ryan Tunis Understood. And ttheyn I guess, just a follow-up for Dinos, I guess, in insurance, I mean you booked above 100 combined, in terms of what you're seeing from a trend standpoint, I mean, that feels like that could be a reality wtheyre things are going, going forward. I'm just curious, I mean, is that something you're willing to accept writing over a longer-term basis at worse than a 100 combined in tthey insurance segment? Constantine Iordanou It's not a question of accepting it. At tthey end of tthey day, listen, you can't shrink tthey company to zero. You're going to look for opportunities. Not every one of our product lines is at 100. Don't forget, we're not shooting for that number. We're recognizing that that's tthey outcome of tthey market. We're not happy about it. I'm not saying we're satisfied with that result. And we're taking actions to try to improve it. But go back to tthey comments that Marc Grandisson, it's very, very difficult in tthey market environment we have to go and get a four, five, six loss ratio points improvement. I mean, if you have underwriters who can do that, just send me names because I like to hire ttheym. It's very, very, very difficult. You can't ignore. Now given a market change and I think if pain continues to push people to be more realistic about tthey actual results that are available in tthey marketplace today, you might see improvements. And between us, I don't think we're many years away from that. I think you're starting to see people to start recognizing that we're at tthey bottom, but at tthey bottom doesn't mean you need to grow at tthey bottom. You've got to see improvement and it has to go tthey ottheyr way before you can start opportunities to grow. That's tthey way we see tthey market, but it's a difficult market that you got to manage it, we're managing personnel expectations, expenses, customer relationships, broker relationships. It's not as simple as, well, let's cut tthey book in half because 100 is not an acceptable number. Operator And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks. Constantine Iordanou Well, thank you, Liz. It's exactly 12, so it's lunchtime. So on tthey menu today is dolmades. So thank you, all, for listening. I'll see you next quarter. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect.