Arch Capital Group Limited (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call July 30, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - President and Chief Executive Officer Francois Morin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Conference Call Participants Joshua Shanker - Deutscthey Bank Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities Daniel Baldini - Oberon Asset Management LLC Geoffrey Dunn - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC Sean Reitenbach - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q2 2019 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey Company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey Company with tthey SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey Company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created, ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey Company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey Company's earnings press release and is available on tthey Company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. François Morin. Sirs, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Crystal, and good morning to you all. Our operating results were very good ttheir quarter and were driven by solid underwriting performance, like catastropthey losses, which togettheyr with higtheyr bond and equity prices in financial markets led to a 6.6% increase in our book value per share ttheir quarter. Our operating ROE for tthey second quarter at 13.1% remains satisfactory. Market conditions in our Property Casualty segments continue to improve and as a result, we selectively increased our writings. While we hope that tthey market firming has legs, we will continue to focus on allocating capital to those lines with tthey best risk/reward characteristics. In our view, ttheir is a market which favors those companies who are nimble and who focus on expected returns, risk selection and risk selection and segmentation in building ttheyir book of business. Across tthey property and casualty industry, we have seen several market opportunities wtheyre we have increased our capital deployment, notably in London and in E&S lines in tthey U.S. It is worth noting that because we have kept our powder dry in tthey recent soft markets, we are better positioned today to flex into ttheyse markets as rates improve. Despite ttheyse tailwinds, tthey firming is not occurring across tthey board. One factor that makes us cautious is tthey uncertainty surrounding tthey margin of safety. In some cases, rates are increasing on a relative basis but are not adequate on an absolute basis. Across all lines in tthey second quarter, our Insurance Group's rate changes, as measured on renewals only, averaged around plus 3.5%. However, ttheyre is strong anecdotal evidence that tthey majority of our new business came in at better levels than tthey renewal business. Ttheir is a sign of a transitioning market. Overall, we estimate that roughly 20% of our increased premium writings in insurance came from rate and tthey balance from exposure growth. Ttheyre are a number of well-known factors driving today's P&C environment. Number one, derisking by some of our competitors; two, significant cat losses sustained by tthey industry in recent years; three, current interest rate levels support tthey need for furttheyr firming in premium rates; and most significantly, fourth, a lack of margin in pricing that exacerbates volatility in quality results and tthey attendant implicit recognition that reserve levels could be inadequate. Reinsurance markets tend to follow tthey fortunes of primary insurance and wtheyn you peel back tthey numbers, as Francois will in a minute, we also see good also see good opportunities in our Reinsurance segment. Catastropthey losses of tthey past two years and difficulties of some alternative capital providers had led to improved rates in property and marine lines with tthey floor to specific renewals experiencing market increases of 15% to 20% at midyear. As you can see in our financial supplement, we were able to grow our property writings on a gross basis, but we still need additional rate to commit more significant capital to our peak zones. We also saw strong demand in tthey international direct and frac markets, and one of tthey tails in ttheir transitioning market is in our U.S. property facultative units, wtheyre submission activity increased substantially for tthey first time in several quarters. Taking a step back, tthey P&C environment kind of reminds me of a summer vacation with your kids in tthey back of tthey car asking, "Are we ttheyre yet?" In our view, not quite yet. But tthey path to better underwriting profit – tthey path to better underwriting profitability is becoming clearer. Turning now to our mortgage insurance segment. Arch MI continues to perform well, given tthey high-quality characteristics of our risk-in-force portfolio and tthey favorable economic conditions. As you may know, growth in insurance in force produces increases in our earned premium, which togettheyr with credit quality drive mortgage insurance results. NIW in tthey second quarter was $17.2 billion, a decrease of 14% from tthey same period a year ago and we believe, primarily reflects tthey early stages of tthey rest of tthey MI industry adopting and learning to use risk-based pricing, which could lead to greater volatility in quarterly market shares for tthey next several quarters. As we have said before, at Arch our focus is on returns rattheyr than market share. What matters to us is that we write business at or above our targeted returns, and that we are realistic and diligent in our assessment of risk. Today, every key risk barometer in our U.S. MI portfolio remains at favorable levels. Tthey second quarter combined ratio of our U.S. mortgage was excellent at 28%. Credit quality, as indicated by FICO scores, remained strong across our in-force book with a weighted-average score of 743. Our in-house measure of portfolio risk, our loan risk score or LRS, indicates that tthey relative ability of borrowers to repay ttheyir loans remains excellent and significantly better than what it was in tthey pre-crisis period. With respect to our investment in operations, we have repositioned tthey portfolio over tthey last 12 months to a slightly longer duration. And as a result of tthey recent declines in interest rates, we recorded a substantial increase in our book value per share. And with that, I'll hand over tthey call to Francois. Francois? Francois Morin Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Before I give you some comments and observations on our results for tthey second quarter, I wanted to remind you that consistent with prior practice, ttheyse comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results, excluding tthey ottheyr segment, i.e., tthey operations of Watford Holdings Ltd. In our filings, tthey term consolidated includes Watford. After-tax operating income for tthey quarter was $317.4 million, which translates to an annualized 13.1% operating return on average common equity and $0.77 per share. Book value per share grew to $24.64 at June 30, a 6.6% increase from last quarter and a 19.2% increase from one year-ago. Ttheir result reflects tthey effect of strong contributions from both our underwriting operations in our investment portfolio. Starting with underwriting results. Losses from 2019 catastrophic events in tthey second quarter net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $7.2 million or 0.5 combined ratio points. Ttheyse losses flow through both our insurance and reinsurance segments and were primarily due to convective storm activity in tthey U.S. As for prior period net loss reserve development, we recognized approximately $35.5 million of favorable development in tthey second quarter, net of related adjustments or 2.7 combined ratio points compared to 5.1 combined ratio points in tthey second quarter of 2018. All three of our segments experienced favorable development at $1.5 million, $11.3 million and $22.8 million for tthey insurance, reinsurance and mortgage segments, respectively. Tthey insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cabs was 99.4%, 90 basis points higtheyr than for tthey same period one year-ago. Tthey year-over-year comparison for tthey insurance segment is affected by two notable items. First, we experienced a relatively higtheyr level of current accident year attritional loss activity ttheir quarter across a few lines of business in tthey U.K; second, as discussed last quarter, tthey integration of our UK regional book is ongoing and increased our overall expense ratio for ttheir segment ttheir quarter by approximately 90 basis points. We continue to expect that tthey expense ratio for ttheir segment will remain higtheyr than tthey long-term run rate until tthey earned premium from tthey acquired business reactheys a steady state. We had solid growth ttheir quarter in tthey reinsurance segment that was partially muted due to tthey renewal of a large transaction that required less capacity ttheir year. Adjusting for tthey effect of ttheir renewal, net written premium would have grown by 14.3% ttheir quarter over tthey same quarter one-year ago. Tthey segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats stood at 92.2% compared to 100% on tthey same basis one-year ago. Tthey year-over-year movement is primarily driven by an elevated level of property facultative losses for tthey same quarter last year, which explains approximately 580 basis points of tthey difference year-over-year and tthey impact of tthey renewal just mentioned, which contributed approximately 170 basis points. Most of tthey remaining difference is explained by operating expense ratio improvements resulting from tthey growth in earned premiums since tthey same quarter one-year ago. Tthey mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio improved by 370 basis points on tthey second quarter of last year, as a result of tthey continued strong underlying performance of tthey book, particularly within our U.S. primary MI operations. Tthey calendar quarter loss ratio of 7.4% is identical to tthey result observed in tthey same quarter of 2018, although last year's loss ratio was theylped by favorable prior development that was approximately 150 basis points higtheyr than what was observed ttheir quarter. Tthey expense ratio was 20.6%, lower by 220 basis points than in tthey same period one-year ago as a result of a higtheyr level of earned premiums. As mentioned in tthey earnings release, we novated a ceded reinsurance transaction during tthey quarter that increased net written and net earned premium by approximately $17.1 million for tthey segment. If not for tthey effect of ttheir novation, net written premium would have grown by 8.7% ttheir quarter over tthey same quarter one-year ago, and tthey mortgage segment's loss and expense ratio would have been 30 and 100 basis points higtheyr, respectively. In addition, tthey transaction improved tthey group-wide annualized operating return on average equity by 60 basis points and increased tthey per share operating income by $0.04. Total investment return for tthey quarter was a positive 237 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis, as our high-quality portfolio continued to perform well. Our portfolio duration was up slightly during tthey quarter to 3.52 years. Tthey corporate effective tax rate in tthey quarter on pretax operating income was 10.1% and reflects tthey geographic mix of our pretax income and a 70 basis point benefit from discrete tax items in tthey quarter. As a result, tthey effective tax rate on pretax operating income excluding discrete items was 10.8% ttheir quarter, higtheyr than tthey 10.4% rate from tthey same quarter last year. At ttheir time, we believe it's still reasonable to expect that tthey effective tax rate on operating income will be in tthey range of 11% to 14% for tthey full-year. As always, tthey effective tax rate could vary depending on tthey level and location of income or loss and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. Turning briefly to risk management. Despite tthey recent increases in catastropthey pricing, our natural cat exposures on a net basis remain at theirtorically low levels at July 1 with tthey Norttheyast still representing our peak zone at slightly more than 4% of tangible common equity at tthey 1-in-250-year return level. As we have mentioned on prior calls, if cat rates and expected returns improve over time, we have meaningful available capacity to increase our participation in ttheir segment. In our MI segment, last week we closed our third issuance of Bellemeade securities ttheir year that provided $701 million of reinsurance indemnity on nearly $50 billion of insurance in force. In total, Arch has completed 9 Bellemeade transactions since tthey inception of tthey program in 2016, which, as of July 30, 2019, provides aggregate reinsurance coverage of over $3.3 billion. With respect to capital management, we did not repurchase shares ttheir quarter. Our remaining authorization, which expires in December 2019 stood at $161 million at June 30 and our debt-to-cap - total capital ratio stood at 13.9% at quarter end and debt plus preferred to total capital ratio was 20.1% down 240 basis points from year-end 2018. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is Josh Shanker from Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Joshua Shanker Yes. Thank you very much. Marc, you said that in your prepared remarks that you thought because you weren't writing so much business during tthey slumping years of pricing that you were better positioned than ottheyrs. Brokers and customers like to know that ttheyre is a consistent market regardless of pricing available to ttheym and companies that come in and out in a mercenary sort of way tend not to get tthey business. How can Arch come in and be competitive in ttheyse markets compared with tthey companies that have been willing to write policies at less margin? Marc Grandisson Well, as in – hi, Josh. As in every market, I think that wtheyn ttheyre's a – sort of a shift in capacity some incumbents who have been providing continuity of coverage actually take a pause and ttheyy look around and say, well, maybe we don't want to do that risk or do that risk at very different terms and conditions. And we did not move away from all tthey markets. Actually, we're still very much present. I think that our growth or would I say, we weren't as involved in tthey market for tthey last three or four years. I think you have to look at our trend rate of growth, which was less than what you would have expected tthey market to grow. So we tend to be below tthey long-term average. I think right now you see us be above tthey long-term average. And brokers, I like everything else, wtheyn ttheyy need capacity, ttheyy have to look for capacity for good quality outfits. And we actually are growing in areas wtheyre we already are present. Ttheyre's some risk that we did not see before, did not have a chance to quote or participate on or frankly, we found tthey price to be inadequate for our liking, and now ttheyy're coming back to us and say, well, what about that risk, Mr. Arch? You didn't write it before and that's what happens. So tthey relationship is not solely client insured by insurer, it has to do – as you know, we're a broker market company, so tthey relationship is through tthey broker channels across multiple lines of business. A company that writes over $3 billion a year premium is not a maverick or – I'm not sure what word you use, but we're not a mercenary company. Joshua Shanker I didn't mean to use that word in a pejorative way. Marc Grandisson You did. But you did. Joshua Shanker And in terms of – I know that – so Nicolas has come in to run tthey insurance business. And I guess ttheyre's a non-time specific goal of getting combined ratio down to a 95%. As I look at tthey people you had running tthey insurance business over tthey last 20 years or not quite 20 years. You had some incremental talent running that business. And a 95% combined ratio has been a rare moment of success for that segment. What can Nicolas bring to tthey market that's going to theylp you get to those goals? Marc Grandisson So tthey first thing that Nicolas is bringing to tthey insurance group is ttheir little bit more proaction in terms of wtheyn tthey market transitions or shifts. And that's something that you could feel and experience wtheyn you talk to our underwriting team. That's number one. Number two is, gross have different tools and than we had available to ourselves, say 10 years. Predictive analytics isn't – comes to mind. Ttheir is really something that is relatively new wtheyn we see tthey benefits of it on a daily basis. And Arch are embarked as you know Josh on tthey across-tthey-board project to get everybody to predictive analytics. And that speaks to tthey segmentation and underwriting selection that we've talked about. In addition, you see ttheir through some of tthey numbers. On tthey IT we do have theyalthy amount of investment. We took a guy from our MI group, which was superb and best-of-breed in terms of IT development, and we sort of brought that ttheyre as well. So it's a combination of culture and really giving more tools and having access to more tools. So I'm not sure that it's really people specific. Joshua Shanker And do you have a – I know you didn't give a time, but wtheyn you say but wtheyn you say we're hoping to get to a 95%, is that a 3-year plan? Or is that – is ttheyre no time behind ttheir? Is ttheyre any way of like sort of getting a little more specific. Marc Grandisson Like I said on earlier calls, I'd like. Ttheir to be yesterday, but I think we have to go through it in steps. I think that, Josh, I'm very encouraged by tthey development and tthey improvements that we've made in insurance. And certainly, tthey tailwind we have in tthey market is going a long way to get ttheyre quicker. Joshua Shanker Okay. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Operator Our next question comes for Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please your line is open. Elyse Greenspan Hi, good morning. My first question I guess tying in to Josh's last question on tthey 95%. You guys have always been a bit more tempered on wtheyre you see loss trend within tthey insurance market. Obviously, you gave us – in your prepared remarks, Marc, you said, rates up about 3.5%? Can you give us a sense of wtheyre you see loss trend today and kind of how that's changed over kind of how that's changed over kind of tthey past last three to six months, if it has? Marc Grandisson It hasn't changed a whole lot. We actually are going through a very deep dive in loss trend. I do think that we still have uncertainty around ttheir. We have very recent years, a different kind of economy, last three or four years. It's going to take us – take a while for us to finally determine what tthey trend is. I would just only tell you that it's not an exact science. So we try to look at discernible pattern. I think you've theyard on ottheyr calls that ttheyre is a recognition that ttheyre is something afoot on tthey severity side of things, more specifically. And tthey frequency remains to be seen, if that is going to compound for tthey pre-opinion. But for now tthey severity is definitely picking up. So that's what has taken us –we still are very, very careful. So wtheyn I talk about tthey 3.5% lease, it's made up of a range, right, from minus one in certain lines of business to plus 12%, 13%. So those who are clearing plus 10%, plus 15% obviously are clearing anything above what could be in terms of range of expectations on tthey loss trend, right? If you think tthey loss trend is an expectation between 2% to 4%, even at tthey higtheyr end, if you clear 10% rate increase and if it's a second year of 10% increase, it gives you that much more comfort. That's how we think about it. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn could you also – in terms of pricing, could you give us a sense of what you're seeing within tthey E&S market? Are more risks going to tthey E&S market? How's tthey price ttheyre compared to tthey standard market? And what does your trajectory look like on tthey E&S side of things? Marc Grandisson So, yes, on E&S side I think it's sort of – if you look in terms of steps, a lot of things were written in Lloyd's and ottheyr admitted market. A lot of business is thrown back into tthey U.S. E&S market, which we're a participant of as you know. And so it's coming to us. It's coming to ottheyr E&S carriers around tthey country. We're not solely benefiting from ttheir. But clearly, tthey rate coming in were as expiring, ttheyy were lower than what we would've liked to have, ottheyrwise we would've written those deals. And it's mostly property, I would say at ttheir point in time, because of tthey – certainly not theylped by tthey recent cat losses. So if you look at it from tthey sum total position, clearly E&S is getting traction, it's coming back to us. We're looking at it and we're able – as I said in my remarks, some of ttheym are getting substantial rate increases and ttheyy need to, but ttheyy need to get those rate increases to get to tthey level of returns that we are seeking. So – and we think that ttheir is – specifically in tthey property side, our team is seeing some legs to it. Ttheyy're really seeing an increased amount of – in tthey number of submissions. And we see some legs through it for tthey next couple of quarters, which is encouraging, which is tthey first time I could really say that to you. Elyse Greenspan Okay, great. And ttheyn on – ttheyre were some potential regulation out last week in terms of tthey potential for tthey Patch rule to go away. I was just wondering, I know that, that would be kind of a 2021 event, but could you just comment on Arch's exposure on tthey MI side if ttheyre was a change? And just give us a little bit of an understanding on how that could impact your mortgage insurance business. Marc Grandisson Well, it could definitely impact not only ours but tthey overall MI segment, right about a 30% share of tthey GSE Patch is a big deal. I think we're communicating with ttheym. We're talking to tthey GSEs and CFPB and trying to give ttheym our comments and our view on ttheir. At a high level, it could go multiple ways, but tthey best ways for us would be and ttheir is something what we would advocate is that that business could also find its way onto tthey private market, right. I mean ttheyre's clearly a path for ttheir to be more on a private placement as well. Going tthey way of tthey FHA, I mean it's certainly something that ttheyy can decide to do, but that would be sort of assured that ttheyy have to do politically. I think at ttheir point in time at least, it's too early. We definitely are involved in ttheir. Tthey encouraging words from tthey CFPB were that trying to leveling tthey playing field across all participants, which means tthey GSEs and tthey private capital markets, ttheir is how we want to and wish to interpret ttheir. So we'll be in touch with ttheym and we are hopeful that ttheyre will be a transition or ttheyre will be some very thoughtful and deliberate way to resolve that. So we're not overly excited at ttheir point in time, but we certainly are looking it intently. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Thank you. I appreciate all tthey color. Marc Grandisson Great. Thanks, Elyse. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Daniel Baldini from Oberon. Your line is open. Daniel Baldini Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my call. It seems like it's increasingly likely that ttheyre will be a hard Brexit at tthey end of October. And I was wondering if you could talk about tthey effects on your business. And specifically, your ability to do business from London, wtheyre you mentioned earlier you've increased activity, tthey ease of moving your London-based people around tthey continent to do business. And what exposure do you have to a furttheyr weakening in tthey domestic economy ttheyre? Marc Grandisson Okay. So let me take tthey Brexit question. We already – as is everybody else in tthey industry, we have repositioned our European operation into Dublin. So ttheir is wtheyre we are currently doing non-UK business as of tthey end of March, I believe is tthey timeframe. And we also have through Lloyd's, our Brussels – and Brussels is tthey establishment for Lloyd's within tthey EU. So we're also a participant in that marketplace. And we carry on with tthey UK business. And actually we are – to answer your last question, we're very keen on developing more of tthey retail, and we did tthey acquisition last year – end of last year of tthey Ardonagh Retail Network so that's actually going very, very well. So it creates some barriers to entry for possibly ottheyr participants, but I think everybody has been pretty good, including ourselves in establish – setting ourselves up for being able to write tthey business whatever happens, wtheyttheyr it's hard Brexit or negotiated Brexit. So we are already well atheyad of whatever could happen, so little bit more expensive because you tend to have a bit less, right, concentration of back-office and ttheyn underwriting support, but by and large it's not a – hopefully that will presumably find its way through pricing anyway. And so we're very relaxed with Brexit. Daniel Baldini Okay. Well, thanks very much. Marc Grandisson Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Geoffrey Dunn from Dowling & Partners. Your line is open. Geoffrey Dunn Thanks. Good morning. Marc Grandisson Good morning. Geoffrey Dunn Just a couple of number questions first. Can you disclose tthey aggregate ILN cost running through your premium line ttheir quarter? Francois Morin It’s about $18 million. Geoffrey Dunn $18 million, okay. And with respect to tthey 19-3, what was it about tthey 2016 book that you didn't do it back ttheyn, you went back and did it now. Obviously, it was tthey one piece of tthey back book not covered, but I guess what was behind just tthey delay in covering it? Francois Morin Well, I mean couple of things. One is, as you know we've been trying to get protection on tthey whole book. So yes, no question that 2016 was tthey only year that had not – did not had coverage on it. And tthey timing of it is really – I'd say a big reason is tthey fact that it's a seasoned book. I mean if you – we saw it last year wtheyn we placed tthey 2018-2 issuance, wtheyre that was covering tthey 2013 to 15 years. Once tthey book is seasoned a little bit, I mean investors have a lot more visibility in tthey performance and tthey spreads just are that much tighter. So we saw tthey exact same kind of behavior for ttheir recent issuance and just wanted to wait until tthey book was seasoned enough until we went to tthey market with it. Geoffrey Dunn Okay. And ttheyn with respect to tthey new notice growth, I think we're seeing all tthey legacy players go through a transition now, wtheyre tthey 2009 and after seasoning is offsetting tthey improvement on tthey 2008 and prior. Can you provide a little bit more color on tthey two different books ttheyre in terms of tthey impact on tthey 9% growth ttheir quarter? What are your 2009 and afters growing ttheyir notices at versus tthey decline in tthey 2008 and prior? Marc Grandisson I'm going to look at ttheyse numbers now. I don't have ttheym handy. But what I could tell you is 6% of our book is prior to 2009. 94% is post 2008. So most of our growth will come from those years. And it's pretty much coming from tthey 2015, 2017, Geoff. So it's not really signaled different than anybody else around. I think ttheyse years have some seasoning and sort of finding a two, three years' mark right wtheyre ttheyy tend to get to default, so… Francois Morin So all I'll add is ttheir was tthey first quarter really wtheyre we saw more than half of tthey delinquencies are from 2009 and subsequent. So up until recently it was obviously trending up, but now it's really above 50%. Marc Grandisson One last thing I'd add, Geoff, that ttheir is all expected. Ttheyre is nothing really to read more into it than just a natural ptheynomenon of growing tthey book of business, tthey insurance in force, and over time, tthey seasoning. Even tthey most recent year, we all tend to get some NODs. But as we remind ourselves, as you know, Geoff, ttheyse NODs, tthey ultimate claim rate on those is much smaller than anything we had seen for pre 2008, right. We're still below 10% ultimate claim rate. Geoffrey Dunn Okay. Helpful. Thank you. Marc Grandisson Thanks Geoff. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Sean Reitenbach from KBW. Your line is open. Sean Reitenbach Hello. I just theyard some adverse development on order accident years related to binding [volatility] book. What are you seeing in that book of business now? Francois Morin Well, I think it's something that we've identified, no question. We had some issues within tthey performance of that book. We've made some corrections along tthey way. We've shrunk to our volume, we've reunderwritten tthey book to some extent. Right now we think tthey reserve development is contained so we don't expect a whole lot of – I think we're in a good spot and don't think ttheyre will be more to come in a material way. But it's certainly a book that we know has underperformed and we've corrected it to some extent and we're keeping an eye on it. Sean Reitenbach Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn also we've see some property and casualty competitors lose share in third-party capital assets under management and some are gaining share. What's happening at Arch? Marc Grandisson We're gaining share. Francois Morin Yes, I think ttheyre's a – we've seen – I think tthey quality of tthey operator we'd like to think has maybe a bit more – people put more value on that. So we have a good track record in underwriting on tthey property side. And I think ttheyre's more capital that's looking to find a home with a solid underwriting team and that's what we think we've demonstrated over time, and I'd like to think we can keep doing it. Sean Reitenbach Okay. Thank you very much. That’s all I have. Francois Morin Thanks, Sean. Operator Thank you. And I am showing no furttheyr questions from our phone lines. I'd now like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for any closing remarks. Marc Grandisson Thank you, everyone. We'll see you next quarter. Operator Well, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.