Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q1 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call April 26, 2017 11:00 AM ET Executives Constantine Iordanou - Chairman and CEO Marc Grandisson - President and COO Mark Lyons - EVP and CFO Analysts Geoffrey Dunn - Dowling & Partners Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Carl DeWitt - J.P. Morgan Nicholas Mezick - KBW Josh Shanker - Deutscthey Bank Securities Brian Meredith - UBS Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Jay Cotheyn - BankAmerica Merrill Lynch Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arch Capital Group First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey Federal Securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will like -- will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company’s current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company’s earnings press release and is available on tthey company’s website. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today’s conference, Mr. Dinos Iordanou, Mr. Marc Grandisson, and Mr. Mark Lyons. Sirs, you may begin. Constantine Iordanou Thank you, Chanel. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Ttheir is our first quarter to include tthey combined results of our Arch MI and United Guaranty and we are very pleased with tthey early days of our integration process. Marc will discuss tthey integration and more details in a few minutes, but let me say that we are happy with tthey progress achieved in tthey first quarter. Although, it is still early, we are very pleased with tthey resilience of tthey United Guaranty Corporation's customers as ttheyy make tthey transition to our systems and platform maintaining tthey strong relationship ttheyy achieve with tthey United Guaranty over tthey years. As we discussed last quarter, our guiding principles for tthey integration of ttheyse companies is to find and deploy tthey best parts of each organization on a going forward basis. I am referring not only to our most important resource, tthey people who come to work for us every single day, but I'm also including tthey operating systems, pricing approach, and algorithms, along with all back office functions that ttheyy provide customer service. Our number one task is to create a high quality experience for our customers as we continue to enhance Arch MI's position as a market leader that should earn good returns through ttheir cycle and for many years to come. One additional benefit or opportunity that comes to our results of tthey acquisition of United Guaranty is tthey opportunity for us to move our theyadquarters of our Global Services Group to North Georgeina. A Global Services Group manages a lot of tthey back office work for our insurance, reinsurance, and mortgage businesses. And consolidating tthey operations over time in one location increases our flexibility to fill jobs that are lost through attrition in ottheyr parts of tthey country to a lower cost environment. Now, turning to first quarter results, our reported combined ratio on a core basis, Mark will define that in a moment, improved by 7.7 points from tthey first quarter of 2016, led by excellent results in tthey mortgage segment offset by tthey effects of higtheyr attritional and catastropthey losses in our property and casualty segments. Accident year results decline in both our insurance and reinsurance segments, reflecting soft market conditions. Our mortgage segment improved its accident year combined ratio quarter-over-quarter to 50.4% from 65.8%, 15.4 points of improvement in tthey first quarter of 2016 year as tthey tailwinds of better credit quality and scale drove excellent profitability at Arch MI U.S.  Tellingly, our mortgage segment went from representing only seven point percent of net earned premiums on a core basis in tthey first quarter last year to 24.6% for tthey first quarter of ttheir year, nearly identical to tthey earned premium for our reinsurance segment in tthey first quarter of 2017. Loss reserve development remained favorable in each of our segments which is -- which in tthey aggregate; reduce our combined ratio by 8.5 points. Ttheyre were no significant changes in tthey property-casualty operating environment from last quarter. Marc Grandisson will elaborate on what we see in each of ttheyse markets in a few minutes. On an operating basis, we produce an annual return on equity of 10.3 % while on a net income basis, we earn a return on equity of 12.6% for tthey first quarter of 2017. Net investment income per share for tthey first quarter was $0.69 per share, up $0.13 sequentially from tthey fourth quarter of 2016, primarily through tthey assets that came over with tthey acquisition of United Guaranty. Our annualized pretax investment income yield was 2.13% for tthey first quarter of 2017 just slightly above tthey level observed in tthey fourth quarter of 2016. As you know, we manage our investment portfolio on a total return basis which on a local currency basis was up 170 basis points for tthey quarter and 164 basis points, if we exclude tthey effects of foreign exchange. Our book value per common share at March 31, 2017 was $57.69 per share, a 4.5% increase from tthey fourth quarter of 2016 and at 16.4% increase from tthey first quarter of last year. Mark Lyons will give more details on tthey components of ttheyir change in book value per share in a few minutes. Before I turn tthey call over to Marc Grandisson, I would like to discuss our PML which decline modestly from January 1st as of April 1st 2017 our largest 250 year PML for a single event in tthey Norttheyast was down to 473 million or 6% of common shareholders' equity. Ttheir is tthey lowest we ever had in our theirtory. Our Gulf of Mexico PML was at 383 million and Florida Tri-County PML decreased to 386 million. I will now turn it over to Marc Grandisson to comment on our operating units and market conditions. Marc, over to you? Marc Grandisson Thank you, Dinos and good morning to you all. Before I review market conditions across our segments, I am pleased as Dinos also alluded to earlier to report that tthey integration of UG and Arch MI is going very well with our focus on high customer service to maintain and improve our relationships. While tthey strength of tthey combined entity is already apparent, we are working diligently to unify tthey U.S. MI operations and most notably, we have decided to base our U.S. mortgage insurance theyadquarters in North Georgeina. We believe that ttheyre will be opportunities and additional opportunities to realize efficiencies without jeopardizing our customer relationships and we will keep you informed as those efforts materialize for tthey next several quarters. At tthey end of our first quarter, as a combined global MI company, our expense ratio for ttheir segment declined to 29%. Over tthey next few years, we are targeting a mid-20s expense ratio in tthey segment as tthey business matures. Our new insurance written or NIW was 12.7 billion for tthey first quarter, an increase of 8% over tthey same quarter in 2016 on an average combined basis. We estimate that Arch U.S. MI market shares remained in tthey mid-20s for tthey first quarter of 2017 consistent on a pro forma basis with a 26% market share indicated last quarter. Tthey current premium yield was essentially unchanged with tthey last quarter's level, over 75% of our and NIW came through our risk based pricing platform. Rising interest rates in tthey fourth quarter reduced tthey volume of refinance activity and accordingly led to an improved level of persistency which came in at 77%, purchase market accounted for 85% of our volume ttheir quarter. Tthey overall quality of tthey risk return is still very strong and stable. With average FICO scores of 743 in our monthly singles mix at 82% and 18% respectively meeting our post acquisition objectives in tthey quarter. Arch also continued to build on its position in tthey U.S. GSE de-risking transaction with approximately 2.2 billion of risk in force at tthey end of tthey first quarter 2017. Arch remained lead market for ttheir type of risk transfer execution. Finally, our Australian mortgage insurance relationship continues to generate a good flow of business and contributed roughly $4 million of profit for tthey quarter. As ttheir business is all single payment upfront its contribution to profits should grow with time as premiums are earned over tthey life of tthey mortgages. Moving onto tthey P&C insurance world which represents 50% of our earned premium. As we have indicated on prior calls, market condition remains challenging. Rate decreases have slowed somewhat, but are still broadly less than last trend. Ttheir is especially true for larger access accounts which tend to be more commoditized. Tthey rate change differential between our segment is wide reaching for 410 bps in tthey U.S. for tthey first quarter. A positive 140 bps rate change for tthey lower volatility line in a negative 270 bps for our cycle managed business. As a result of that market economy, all of our P&C segments continue to move toward -- towards smaller account and more specialized areas of tthey market and are walking away from accounts wtheyn returns are not acceptable. In our primary U.S. P&C insurance operations, we had margin erosion of 70 basis points for all lines in tthey first quarter. To borrow an expression from Dinos, we have seen what's cooking in tthey kitctheyn before and we don't like tthey taste of that meal. Turning to re-insurance which represents about 25 % of our earned premium ttheir quarter, it's a similar story and that we continue to focus on tthey few opportunities that we have relative strength and more favorable returns while we are deemphasizing tthey more commodified segments as rate and loss trends continue to erode margin, affecting on tthey current trends in a broader reinsurance market. I am reminded of tthey old adage that I theyard often from Paul Ingrey volume is vanity, profit is sanity. Allocating capital judiciously is a cornerstone of our corporate mandate. As we sit theyre today, mortgages represent one-third of our allocated capital 25% of our net earned premium and 70% of our underwriting gain at a mid-to-high teens ROE. We're happy to have tthey flexibility to allocate capital across our three platforms to tthey markets which are generating good returns and we believe that ttheir flexibility allows Arch to generate alpha with more stable returns for its shareholders. And with that I'll hand ttheir over to Mark to cover tthey detail financial results. Mark Lyons Thank you, Marc and good morning everyone. Given that ttheir is tthey first full quarter after tthey UGC acquisition, I am going to provide more focus on tthey associated impact on tthey call today. First of all, I’ll highlight just a few items about ttheir quarter. But as a reminder tthey usual quarterly topics can be found in tthey earnings release and tthey associated financial supplement. Okay, now I'll make some summary comments for tthey first quarter on a core basis as Dinos referenced earlier. Tthey term core corresponds to Arch’s financial results excluding Watford Re, wtheyreas tthey term consolidated includes Watford Re. So claims recorded in tthey first quarter of 2017 catastrophic events that have reinsurance recoverable reinstatement premiums were 12.3 million or 1.2 loss ratio points compared to 0.5% in tthey first quarter of 2016 on tthey same basis, mostly emanating from within our reinsurance segment. Tthey activity was primarily driven by Australian cyclone Debbie and various ottheyr smaller events around tthey globe. Again, we believe that ttheir result continues to highlight our property cat underwriting discipline as actual reported losses on cat events continue to correlate with tthey exposure reductions that have been implemented over tthey last several years. As for prior period, pure net loss reserve development, approximately $83 million of favorable development, was reported in tthey first quarter led by tthey reinsurance segment with approximately $57 million favorable, tthey insurance segment of about $2 million favorable and tthey mortgage segment providing nearly $24 million of favorable development. Nearly all of tthey mortgage segment favorable development emanated from tthey U.S. portfolio and a meaningful portion or $8.2 million, stem from favorable development resulting from segregation recoveries on mostly second-lien and ottheyr portfolios that came over as part of tthey UGC acquisition and that are, in fact, runoff operations. Ttheyse segregation recoveries have been reflected in UGC's theirtorical results over time and could continue ttheir year and in future years, depending upon tthey associated management of tthey files. Tthey reinsurance segment, net favorable development, was across most underwriting years for short and medium tailed lines and predominantly from tthey 2003 to 2013 underwriting years for long-tailed lines. Tthey calendar quarter combined ratio on a core non [Indiscernible] basis was 78.8% and wtheyn adjusting for cats in prior period development, tthey core accident quarter combined ratio was 86.1% compared to 92.4% in tthey first quarter of 2016. Tthey reinsurance segment, accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats of 97.6% compared to tthey first quarter of 2016 94.2%, while tthey insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats is 97.8% compared to 94.9% in tthey first quarter of 2016. Both results reflect higtheyr loss specs due to current difficult market conditions. Tthey reported insurance group accident quarter excluding cat loss ratio increased approximately 150 basis points quarter-over-quarter. And after controlling for larger additional losses and mix changes, increased approximately 70 bps, which Marc Grandisson referred to earlier. Competitive conditions in tthey PC markets, however, were more than offset by tthey continued improved profitability of tthey mortgage segment, amplified with ttheyir net earned premium of being a larger proportion of tthey total. Tthey mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio improved 14.4 points, as Dinos referenced, quarter-over-quarter and ttheyir net earned premium represented nearly 25% of tthey total core net earned premium compared to only 7.4% in tthey corresponding quarter of 2016. Remember that in tthey mortgage segment, accident quarter has a different connotation than in PC and it is more similar in concept tthey claims made businesses in PC space since tthey notice of default defines tthey assignment to be appropriate in tthey quarter. Similar to last quarter, ttheyre were some expense costs in tthey first quarter resulting from tthey UGC acquisition. You may recall that since tthey acquisition occurred at year end 2016, only tthey balance ttheyyet was impacted in tthey fourth quarter, not tthey income statement. Ttheir quarter, we have a full income statement reflection of tthey combined portfolios. As for tthey reference expenses, tthey company incurred $15.6 million of such pretax expenses related to tthey UGC transaction in tthey quarter as compared to $25.2 million incurred serially [ph] in tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Tthey sources of cost were different, however, as ttheir quarter, tthey cost emanated from UGC acquisition-specific bonuses, severance and replacement costs and trailing UGC transaction legal costs. More specifically, tthey UGC specific bonuses and transition compensation costs totaled $6.8 million pretax and severance and outplacement costs totaled to $8.2 million resulting from reduction in force actions taken on January 31st and March 31st, affecting approximately 205 employee positions and 60 contractors. Tthey actual salary compensation recognized in tthey first quarter associated with ttheyse employees involved in tthey risk-in-force efforts was $4.1 million. Given that tthey January 31st reduction in force only had one month of salary expense reflected in tthey quarter and tthey March 31st reduction in force had a full quarter of salary expense reflected, a $5.7 million quarterly run rate savings of salary expense is anticipated. We will comment in future quarters about any ottheyr actions taken and ttheyir financial impact, but ttheyse figures reflect only tthey impact of reductions in force that have already been implemented. Given tthey nature of ttheyse expenses, we have excluded ttheym from operating income as ttheyy are not indicative for our true underlying performance. I'd also like to remind everyone that we issued $12.8 million approximately, 4.8 million common equivalent shares to AIG as part of tthey UGC purchase price. Ttheyy had an insignificant impact last quarter on average common shares outstanding, given tthey 12/31 closing date, but had a material impact ttheir quarter as tthey diluted weighted average common shares outstanding increased to approximately 139 million shares ttheir quarter versus 125.4 billion in tthey fourth quarter of last year. I bring ttheir up because I still see analyst reports and conversations still utilizing pre-common share equivalent numbers. We're using that in all our statistics and we recommend you do too. As a respect to tthey effective tax rate with our changing portfolio and geographic mix, I provided full year 2017 indications on tthey last call that tthey expected tax rate on pretax operating income would likely be in tthey low to mid-teens range. In tthey first quarter of 2017, our tax rate on pretax operating income was 14.4% with 100 basis points additional reductions of 13.4% stemming from a change in GAAP accounting affecting stock compensation. I'd like to point out that we expanded our U.S. primary mortgage insurance disclosure in tthey financial supplement to provide enhanced information by book year or underwriting year for tthey PC analyst. For loss reserves, insurance in forced, risk-in-force and delinquency rates as well as aggregate NIW splits between monthly and single premium policies, as well as providing our P. Meyer efficiency ratios on a consolidated U.S. MI entity basis. I also want to highlight tthey difference between tthey U.S. primary mortgage division's gross versus net risk-in-force. At tthey end of tthey quarter, tthey gross risk-in-force is $60.6 billion, wtheyreas tthey net risk-in-force was 28% lower at $43.6 billion. As we have consistently implemented in all our segments, our ongoing mortgage strategy is to maximize profitability while simultaneously protecting tthey balance ttheyyet. Tthey existing quarter shares that are in place, along with tthey existing and ongoing excess of loss and capital market protections provide ttheir aggregate and tail risk balance ttheyyet protection we see. As for after-tax operating income EPS accretion realized in tthey first quarter of 2017 from tthey UGC acquisition, we examined our results with ttheir and without tthey impact of tthey UGC acquisition, giving due consideration to associated debt finance interest cost, preferred stock dividend charges and intangible amortization. Tthey realized beneficial accretion from tthey transaction was nearly 25% on a reported basis. And just to remind everyone, we have previously provided long-term operating income per share run rate accretion indications over a multiyear period of being in tthey 35% area. It is important to reemphasize that ttheir long-term reportable accretion is expected to accelerate, as tthey 2017 and later book years become more impactful on a net basis in future quarters and as tthey benefits for reduction in force and ottheyr actions such as duplicative system eliminations overtime are also realized in future quarters. On a GAAP basis, at March 31st, our total debt to total capital ratio was 20.6% and total debt plus preferred to total capital is 27.7%, which is down 100 basis points from year end 2016. Ttheir leverage reduction was due to our growth in common equity as our debt preferred levels were unchanged from year end. Consolidated operating cash flows were down $111 million relative to tthey first quarter of 2016. Tthey first quarter operating cash flow was generally lower on a seasonal basis and tthey timings of higtheyr retrocession and reinsurance premiums from our reinsurance and mortgage groups, respectively, drove a majority of that change. We did not purchase any shares during tthey first quarter of 2017 and don't anticipate repurchasing any during tthey balance of 2017. As a reminder, our remaining authorization is $446.5 million, which has been extended through year end 2019. Dinos mentioned our growth to book value per share of 4.5% from last quarter. It's important to note that ttheir stemmed from both strong underwriting and strong investment performance. And with ttheyse introductory comments, we're now pleased to take your questions. Constantine Iordanou Operator, we're ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Geoffrey Dunn of Dowling & Partners. Your line is now open. Geoffrey Dunn Thank you. Good morning. I was hoping I could get a little bit more color on tthey incurred loss development in tthey MI side ttheir quarter. First, can you give a better idea in terms of tthey improving claim rates, are you seeing that from your late stage bucket or more of tthey mid and early stage delinquencies? Constantine Iordanou I think on tthey U.S. side, you're going to see that never that kind of a report quarter view and we're not seeing that well we're not recognizing it as much in tthey more recent report quarters as it would be for once a little more aged. But I think just part of what we might want to discuss given tthey size of it is that and I've mentioned that most is coming from tthey U.S. business, about 1 million came from tthey reinsurance side, so it's kind of insignificant. But ttheyre was on subrogation, on a cash receipt basis, on tthey establishment that normalized our accounting policies between tthey two consolidated entities now. So subrogation reserves put up, ttheyse are normal course, but ttheyy were scattered between first lien and secondly lien and ottheyr portfolios that were ttheyre and ttheyy've been ttheyre theirtorically that are now. Tthey fact that ttheyy're most of it is in one-off doesn't mean that ttheyy're going to dissipate; ttheyy'll fall off a lot more slowly over time. So hopefully that answers your question. Geoffrey Dunn So your comment about tthey favorable rates is more on tthey key lock exposure, not necessarily tthey primary book? Mark Lyons No. Well tthey primary book, yes you're still seeing some improvement, but ttheyy're not coming from tthey 2016 report quarter. I believe it's 2015 and a little bit backwards. Geoffrey Dunn Okay. So tthey 12 plus, right. And ttheyn on tthey current period provision, can you give us an idea tthey incidence assumption for tthey new notices and how that compares to maybe tthey pro forma result a year ago? Mark Lyons Actually, I don't have that in front of me, but -- so you're talking about tthey claim rate? Geoffrey Dunn Yes, tthey initial claim rate assumption on tthey new notices? Mark Lyons Jeff, I think that's going to have to be something we channel back through [Indiscernible]. Sorry I simply don't have that in front of me. Geoffrey Dunn Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Kai Pan Thank you and good morning. So tthey MI expense saving opportunities it looks like if you look at legacy Arch as well UGC tthey ottheyr operating expenses add up to about $60 million and ttheir quarter is down to 40, is that run really going forward or ttheyre's say ottheyr opportunities or tthey ottheyr way to ask it is that you're targeting at 25% expense ratio overtime now it’s 29%, you think that improvements more coming from tthey absolute dollar amount of reduction were up more from tthey topline premium growth? Dinos Iordanou Let me give it a shot and I’ll give it to Mark to get into tthey details. But we don't want -- we didn't make projections even though internally we have certain things in mind because I want our teams as ttheyy integrate to play in a passion that improves our long-term opportunities to be as efficient and as effective without affecting customer service with our competitors. Having said that, okay, so a lot of it is going to come from redundancy in personnel that it will get eliminated overtime. Mark gave you a number in tthey first quarter we have eliminated approximately 270 positions, on April 1st ttheyre was an additional 97. We’re just going to be as part of our report card, we're going to share with you in tthey second quarter not knowing what else is going to happen in ttheyre in tthey second quarter because I'm not putting undue pressure on how people to hit certain numbers. Our instructions Mark and I is do tthey right thing with tthey idea that if we don't need certain individuals see if we can re-assignment into ottheyr jobs, low guest as we lose in attrition in ottheyr parts of tthey organization. And that's one of tthey reasons we even move of our Global Services theyadquarters down ttheyre because it allows us to manage tthey workforce in a much more efficient bases and we're not just focusing on United Guaranty, we're looking at every operation and we do that as a matter of course independent if we made an acquisition or not. That's a prudent way of managing. In addition to that, you've got to get into systems and back rooms and not just theyadcounts, but wtheyre does that theyadcount reside and is of course differential. For example, tthey New York job is much more expensive than a North Georgeina job and a job in tthey Philippines is even less expensive than a job in North Georgeina and we look at that as a global organization. So ttheyre will be additional savings. It's not that we don't know how to push tthey pencil and make calculations, but we don't like to promise things to influence good judgment. We rattheyr report after we take tthey actions that trying to hit a particular number. Mark Lyons And I think what I would add in terms of tthey questions, tthey top line is not going to change significantly just by virtue of being MI portfolio. It's very sticky, it’s very straightforward, a lot of monthly coming in -- depending on our market share. But for tthey remainder of tthey year, for tthey foreseeable future, we don't see much change. So it's really to answer your question more directly which Dinos did it that’s going to be really as a result of absolute dollar reduction as opposed to premium related ratio. Dinos Iordanou We are -- Kai as Mark and we wouldn't be felt as much in 2017 which is probably tthey model question you are asking. For a longer term basis, as tthey impact of tthey AIG quota share, 50% quota share on 2014, 2015, 2016 underwriting years starts to lessen and we're writing 2017, 2018 towards 100% without tthey quota share coming in that will start to flip and you'll see an increasing growth on a net basis for your denominator. Mark Lyons Without change in tthey personnel Dinos Iordanou Correct. Mark Lyons And tthey quarter has at 30% seat, so at some point in time that it will revert to a benefit. Kai Pan Okay. That's very clear. Dinos Iordanou If we -- and that 25 is not -- we think we are going to be overtime below that number, but at some point in time, we say 25 is something that we're trying to achieve 25% expense ratio, but you can even be better than that overtime. All I want is efficient operations with good customer service. And at tthey end of tthey day, we want to not have an un-level playing field with our competition so we monitor that. How do ttheyy do things and ttheyy are better than us? What things we need to do to improve? And I don't want to have a structural disadvantage. And traditionally, over tthey last 15 years we didn't allow that in our operations and we won't allow within tthey MI space eittheyr. Kai Pan Okay. And is ttheyre a restatement in terms of tthey legacy like Arch’s MI like expenses. Mark Lyons I guess ttheyre's two things I would say ttheyre's a reclass associated with tthey intangible amortization wtheyre in tthey mortgage space, ottheyrs we had more above tthey line. Now we have below tthey line. So because with our goal to be very, very transparent on tthey UGC tangible amortization. It only makes sense to make that a corporate wide approach. So yes, would have been a reclass and that's why some of tthey prior year may look a tiny bit different than it was wtheyn we look at tthey numbers last year, so it's a good catch. Kai Pan Okay. Lastly, just remind us what's tthey lockup period for tthey AIG preferred shares and like do you have a capsule flexibility or first write to repurchase that shares? Mark Lyons It is identical to wtheyn tthey SBA was signed which is a 36 months, two-third cumulatively at 12 months and 100% cumulatively at 18 months. Kai Pan And do you guys have tthey capital flexibility to participate? Mark Lyons Yes, we do. Kai Pan All right. Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. Elyse Greenspan Hi. Good morning. Wtheyn you guys announced ttheir deal with UGC in August, you guys had said about 50% of earnings would come from P&C and mortgage and all of tthey underwriting income which shifts to about 70% in mortgage. Would you say that tthey mortgage market has gotten better or tthey P&C market has gotten worse than tthey view that you had. I guess wtheyn you announced ttheir deal and laid out those metrics to us in August. Constantine Iordanou Well, you look at it in a very short time. Let me -- in tthey short time, your question is -- and your conclusion is correct. I think tthey P&C, both insurance and reinsurance, has deteriorated because we're not getting rate increases to keep up with trends. So, in essence, it's eroding, so that means you're going to write a little less than what you wanted to and tthey profitability may not be a little less than what you want to. Having said that, I think every indication on tthey MI space is that things are better. Delinquencies, tthey better, and in essence, tthey credit box has not deteriorated, is as good as it was at that time. So -- but you got to take our comments from tthey long-term because we -- in everything that we do, we have a long-term view and we make judgments as to wtheyre we're going to play, how much capital and resources we're going to allocate on tthey long-term view. And right now, I can tell you, greenlight is on MI, amber, not red, but amber lights on tthey P&C, both insurance and reinsurance. Having said that, I can't predict tthey future. I don't know if tthey P&C cycle changes and at what time it's going to change. But I can tell you, don't forget, our rules to tthey P&C and it doesn't mean we're not going to do a lot on tthey P&C space, given tthey right market opportunity. We're not reducing tthey group capability from an underwriting perspective. As a matter of fact, I think it's fair to say we have a bit of overcapacity in underwriting talent, which we're going to maintain. Tthey course associated with that is insignificant wtheyn you weigh it versus tthey opportunity wtheyn tthey markets change. Is it going to turn three years from today, three years, I don't know. But I can tell you, wtheyn it does, we're going to know it, we're going to take advantage of it and we will have tthey people, we're not going to be chasing people to take advantage of it. Anything you want to add, guys? Mark Lyons Just one quick thing. I think it's easy to get lost in tthey sauce. It's a good observation. That's tthey underwriting gain or loss, but each of those businesses have a little different duration. So, reinsurance group may have more property and cat, so tthey insurance group may have longer tailed lines, every portion to bring in more assets and so forth. So you look at on tthey writings, you brought interest income and, it'll be skewed to a bit, differently away from mortgage. Elyse Greenspan Okay, great. And ttheyn Dinos, following up on your comments, you mentioned loss trends on tthey property casualty side, do you think if we start to see a higtheyr level inflation, which it seems like you and some of your peers are pointing to, do you think tthey industry will take price to combat higtheyr inflationary levels? Constantine Iordanou I don't -- no, you're thinking very logically and that's a mistake in our business. Although more interested very markets is fear and greed. And right now, I don't see greed out ttheyre, I see some concern, but I don't see fear. Yes, ttheyre is some concern. As a matter of fact, I think that [Indiscernible] in tthey coal mine is being commercial auto liability, who has a short tail, and is starting to percolate and bubble up in a lot of places. You see it on tthey riders of commercial auto, you see it in penetrations on tthey umbrellas which is part of tthey mix wtheyn you write excess liability umbrella. You're covering that portion of tthey risk, too. And you're seeing a reaction in tthey reinsurance market. It's not easy to find auto carve outs anymore or tthey pricing is going up. So, it's not an early indication that maybe GL might be a problem in tthey next year or two, and ttheyn Worker's Comp maybe later on and Mike that create a verb tthey people ttheyy say, we've got to adjust pricing in all three lines going forward. I don't know. We can't predict tthey future, but I can tell you, ttheyre is stress in tthey system because it requires more rate increases than we're getting. And we're not keeping up with tthey trend and it sounds to me like 1998, 1999 all over again that tthey frogs in tthey happy water, but tthey temperature is going up. Marc Grandisson I think in addition I would just add to what Dinos has said, tthey ottheyr dimension of fear and greed is that underwriter of companies underwrite also with some kind with tthey assumption of what interest rates are going to be in tthey future. So, tthey inflation goes up and interest rate goes up accordingly, if not more, you might generate all kinds of different behaviors. I would argue with that even in ttheir day and age, in tthey last two, three quarters, ttheyre is probably an expectation of rate increases in tthey future that might explain why some of tthey pricing is still soft as we speak. So, ttheyre's a lot of stuff, a lot of things moving tthey marketplace. So, ttheyre's more than one number that drives everything. Elyse Greenspan Okay, great. Do you guys have a forecast for mortgage industry NIW for 2017 and what share that would be for Arch? Marc Grandisson We have expectations and we do follow tthey MDA and tthey Freddie and Fannie and we look at what ttheyy do, what ttheyy produce. So we would stop tthey same data that you're looking at. In terms of NIW, we don't have -- we have, of course, projections. And we're accomplishing that we're not at liberty to share that. And frankly, we're going to be reacting to whatever market situation present itself in tthey next year or so. So, we don't spend much time, if you will, projecting what NIW is going to be in tthey market. We have a good place and good positioning with our clients and we try to do tthey best. And as we said before, our market share over time, we expect might decrease in tthey low to mid-20s. So, that's also could be something that happens by attrition. It's not moving. Constantine Iordanou It's a pleasant surprise for us. I don't know if was basically, we didn't seem much overlap between Arch MI and United Guaranty. Ttheyre was only one major customer that we both of us will significant participants and ttheyy reduced our combined share just slightly in tthey first quarter. Ttheyre was no ottheyr change any ottheyr major customer and that's why I talk about tthey resilience of tthey customer base of United Guaranty. And basically, we are trying to do tthey best job possible to not only to maintain tthey service at a very, very high quality, but also improve on it and that's what I've been emphasizing to our staff. That's why I said let's not focus on integration of cost savings upfront at tthey expense of customers. We're going to focus on excellent customer service. And over time, we're going to get very efficient in how we provide that. And I think you can do both if you're a well-managed company. Constantine Iordanou Thank you. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Thanks so much. And congrats on a great start to tthey year. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Carl DeWitt of J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open. Carl DeWitt Hi, good morning. Just first of a follow-up on tthey share buyback, I think you said you wouldn't buy back any stock in 2017. So, just to clarify, if AIG did sell, you would not participate? Mark Lyons Well, ttheyre's optionality in ttheyre. It's a decision tree, basically. So -- but it's as I stated, but we're not going to be buying overtly. Ottheyr than those possibilities, we're not going out and buy back shares. Constantine Iordanou Yes, our team ttheyre Carl is, we always want have flexibility of tthey balance ttheyyet. Right now, our debt and hybrid is at about 27 point something percent, of which about 4.5% or so is short-term revolving facility. That doesn't give us a lot of capital credit with tthey rating agency. So, at some point in time, my first action with access -- with excess capital, maybe I can reduce that down and ttheyn we'll revisit ttheir year and purchase in 2018 and beyond. Don't forget, I don't know wtheyn AIG is going to decide to sell, and so I can't answer that question. If tthey selling and 2017 will probably would likely we will not participate, but if it's all 2018, it's an open question. Carl DeWitt Okay, great. Thank you. And ttheyn separately, I wanted to get your thoughts on some of tthey practices of tthey insurance brokers. I'm sure it was critical some of ttheyir practices, particularly in London and so ttheyre could be regulatory our customer backlash and now ttheyy're being investigated by tthey FCA. So, just trying to get your thoughts on tthey practices and GT&E [ph] regulatory risk with your current distribution channel? Constantine Iordanou Listen. At tthey end of tthey day, distribution cost is part of tthey business, been always part of tthey business. Some people view it as a transactional. I think it's more than that. Some of it is transactional, some of it is advised and counseled, et cetera and it's all very into some number. Tthey ultimate arbiter of if that's fair or unfair or sustainable is tthey customers ttheymselves. Ttheyy know that both our revenue and tthey broker's revenue comes from only one source, it's out of premium ttheyy pay. So, if ttheyy don't like what's going on, ttheyy have ways to change that. But at tthey end, that's a customer decision. Now you ask tthey regulatory question. We believe, at tthey end of tthey day, that tthey insurance and reinsurance business is highly competitive and we're strong believers in tthey free market. So, at tthey end of tthey day, if tthey customer is satisfied and nobody is doing anything that is illegal with tthey regulator have a say in it, let tthey market decide if it's fair compensation or unfair compensation and tthey buyer of tthey product is tthey person who counts tthey most. Carl DeWitt Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Nicholas Mezick of KBW. Your line is now open. Nicholas Mezick Hi, good morning guys. Constantine Iordanou Good morning. Nicholas Mezick Last year, you discussed tthey way to think about mortgage, earnings volatility as tthey micro or underwriting decision and tthey macro changes. Now you assigned two-thirds of tthey volatility of tthey micro and one-third on tthey macro. Given that different composition of tthey book today with UGC acquisition, how would you expect a change in eittheyr of those sensitivity? Constantine Iordanou Actually, what I said last year was 70/30, not 66 and two-thirds and 33 and one-thirds. And I'm sticking to that 70/30 ttheyory because we did analyze a lot of that data through tthey financial crises as to what was causing defaults and we compare it with ottheyr environments. For example, what happened in Canada wtheyre all day no verification loans, et cetera, ttheyy were not allowed and ttheyre was a minimum of 5% down payment requirement and illegal theirtorically and you see tthey performance of tthey Canadian book of business, it was much different even with tthey same economic conditions not only affecting tthey U.S., but affecting Canada and what tthey outcome of that business. So, tthey 70/30 hasn't changed and what I'm saying -- what we're seeing, I think, tthey ability of MI companies to go back to tthey very lose underwriting standards that were common during tthey financial crisis in 2007 -- 2006, 2007, 2008. In tthey future, that would be much more difficult. First of all, management, ttheyy saw companies [Indiscernible], so ttheyy're more resilient on tthey risk management side of tthey business. And more importantly, I think tthey technology is much better today in analyzing individual mortgages and attributes that affect that. And also, more importantly, tthey GSEs, both Fannie and Freddie, with tthey P. Meyer approach and as regulators of tthey MI companies, ttheyy're a lot more resilient in ttheyir approach on maintaining stability on tthey balance ttheyyets of tthey companies that ttheyy provide ttheym tthey counterparty risk. Marc Grandisson But right now, exactly what's going on. Ttheyre's no change from last year, because clearly what drives tthey losses than we've seen theirtorically is tthey products that were offered in tthey marketplace. And we've seen no change in tthey products offering and to echo what Dinos has said about tthey GSEs being really wary or at least very attentive to what's happening in tthey marketplace, had an increase in tthey sort of discounted LPMI business over last years, recognizing that that might represent a bit more risk to tthey system. So ttheyre's really a theyightened level and still high level of scrutiny and attention paid to tthey product that our deliberate in tthey business. So no change from last year.  Nicholas Mezick Okay. Thank you both and Dinos apologies for escorting [ph] you. Constantine Iordanou Well, no, I just like -- it's my test as I'm getting old -- I'm 67 that I'm still saying. Nicholas Mezick Just one follow-up, last quarter, you referenced your door being broken by people wanting to get a piece of your business through reinsurance. Just want to ctheyck on tthey status of tthey door and in turns demands for tthey reinsurance of your portfolio, in particular tthey MI book? Constantine Iordanou It hasn't changed, but like I said, we're theyre to feed our shareholders first. And ttheyn if we have extra, we can reach out level to ottheyrs. Ttheir is a good business. Within our risk management limitations, we will continue to have our shareholders in mind first and ttheyn our reinsurance partners and ottheyr segments. Nicholas Mezick Okay. Thanks. And enjoy lunch. Constantine Iordanou Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Josh Shanker of Deutscthey Bank. Your line is now open. Josh Shanker Yes, good morning everybody or almost end of tthey morning. Constantine Iordanou Hi Josh. Josh Shanker Following up on tthey last question, I wonder why it does or does that make sense to think about MI tthey same way we think about cat. Is ttheyre a PML that you have and maybe you're not going to tell us what it is, but did you calculate something like that? Constantine Iordanou Yes, we do. We have -- you've got to lean on tthey concept of what is [Indiscernible] event, right? A severe recession, housing prices collapsing, et cetera. And we build ttheyse models that we model and ttheyn we calculate what based on tthey book that we have what tthey macroeconomic effect of those events. Ttheyy don't happen like tthey hurricane that happens in one day and tthey next day, it's going to be more gradual. But at tthey end of tthey day, if you're writing tthey business, you got to be cognizant of that. But we model that and we have a tolerance and tthey tolerance is no different that we don't want to comment on ttheyse, what I will call catastrophic events more than a probability of us losing 25% of our common equity capital. So that limitation is still ttheyre. It's a book limitation. I mean, myself and tthey rest of tthey management team in our discussions with our Board, ttheyy say we want to know what is tthey maximum loss that you're willing to have on a stress scenario. And we want to understand what that stress scenario is all about. And that's how we build our model around it. Marc, you can elaborate? Marc Grandisson Tthey only thing I want to add, Josh, is not exactly as a cat book of business because you're going to have future income in so you have to factor in an S&P type of PML, so ttheir is what Dinos has been alluded to. We have to factor that in because it's part and parcel of what we're assuming as part of tthey policies. Tthey policies, those that done default continue paying premium for tthey future and we have credit for that as well. So, just want to make sure it's not one event, one of ttheym and like Dinos said, it happens overnight. It's an over two or three-year period development and we take an S&P type of approach.  Mark Lyons And just, and I think ttheir one ottheyr thing. It's a good question, just given tthey relative size of its organization. But thinking wise, you got to learn from tthey past. I mean anything that erupts that can cut across underwriting years. We learned from asbestos and GL, we learned from environmental and tthey GL, we learn from -- anything that could signal it, we can break it down their lines have a lease component of cats. I think more so in tthey mortgage space, but we think about that in every line of business. Josh Shanker So, let's just take a scenario. I look at tthey business right now not only well underwritten but also well priced. And even if pricing works, tthey clients still might be well underwritten on tthey mortgage-by-mortgage level, ttheyrefore, avoiding tthey risk of "catastropthey". To what extent--? Constantine Iordanou You're not avoiding tthey risk totally, tthey risk of catastropthey. Because even well underwritten business, if you have a higtheyr unemployment, you're going to have hardships, your default rate is going to go up. If you could have house prices collapse, that means tthey claims that you're going to have, ttheyy're going to cost you more. So, at tthey end of tthey day, those you can avoid. That's a part -- and I put that a round number of 30% on tthey problem and tthey past crisis was macroeconomic events. With [Indiscernible], for example, tthey Canadian book of business but it didn't cost companies ttheyir profitability suffer, but ttheyre were still profitable and didn't go out of business. What caused collapses in tthey U.S.; it was all of ttheyse crazy stuffs like how do you underwrite an old verification law. You don't know tthey information you getting is correct. How do you factor in ttheyse old days? Or 110 LPV stuff and ttheyre was a lot of craziness that it went to tthey mortgage space at that time. Josh Shanker So, wtheyn tthey cat market gets irrational, Arch can say, look, someone else can underwrite ttheir business, ttheyre's 100 ottheyr companies who know how to write property cat let ttheym chase tthey market down. Wtheyn you're only-- Constantine Iordanou Exactly right. Josh Shanker Wtheyn you're only [Indiscernible] participants, what does that mean wtheyn tthey markets gets irrational? Constantine Iordanou Wtheyn tthey market gets irrational, that means you got to maintain your discipline. Our hallmark as a company is that we have been disciplined underwriters. And as long as I breatthey, ttheir team which I have 1000% confidence is, ttheyy're going to be disciplined underwriters. It's our DNA. For better or worse, it's our DNA. Tthey Arch DNA is disciplined underwriting. Be patient, disciplined and at tthey end of it. And thank God, we got a Board who understand that. I never, never had a discussion with my Board that says, your volume is suffering or -- ttheyy never talk about volume. Ttheyy do talk about profit and margin and are you taking undue risk. That we talk all tthey time. Marc Grandisson Josh, it's unfair to really compare to cat, because a cat and generally, for us to achieve to be hurricane in September that hits Florida. But it's underwriting mortgage and we have indeed in our company have tthey proper early warning systems in terms of risk quality, we're going to actually take actions way atheyad of things percolating up. If tthey decision as to wtheyre we put tthey redline or tthey yellow line as to wtheyn we start deemphasizing it, we do have access tthey information. And frankly, and Dinos said ttheir in prior calls, if tthey people that we're in business in 2006, 2007, 2008 had theyeded those calls and those points and those clear indication signals tthey marketplace, it wouldn't have put ttheymselves in tthey position. So, it's not like you wake up one day and tthey risk quality was as good as it gets and overnight everything goes down by 20% and tthey unemployment goes from 5% to 25%. I mean you have a lot of products and you have time to react. Constantine Iordanou PMI was recognizing segments of ttheyir business into what we will call tthey red line, all tthey way back in 2004. And ttheyy did not take action. As a matter of fact, ttheyy increase ttheyir participation in everything that ttheyy are monitoring systems were showing red. Meaning all -- loans became 28% of ttheyir book of business because a lot of tthey customers, especially, countrywide, et cetera, it was threatening ttheym. You don't right, you're not indicated that good. Well, I said ttheir before, you give me three glasses of Kool-Aid and one has cyanide in it, I'm not drinking it. So, even though tthey ottheyr two ttheyy are very refreshing and I'm very thirsty, I'm not drinking it. And basically, that's what tthey industry did. Ttheyy were given three glasses, one had cyanide in it, and ttheyy down all three of ttheym. Josh Shanker I appreciate tthey [Indiscernible]. Constantine Iordanou I don't want to be graphic, but I tell you, wtheyn you're running a company and you got your shareholders capital and you've got 3,500 employees in your hands, you got to feel like I feel. You got to be tthey responsible, not only for tthey capital, but also for tthey welfare of tthey employees. Mark Lyons And Josh, that was three Kool-Aids, not three Bourbon. Josh Shanker Tthey Bourbon will neutralize it, I'm sure. Mark Lyons But one ottheyr thing, if I could, Josh, Dinos and Marc have talked about ttheir before, but tthey theirtory was that tthey MIs took tthey risk on tthey balance ttheyyet, 100% in, 100% retained. That's clearly not part of our strategy, that's tthey strength of tthey PC side. We can't think any ottheyr way than simultaneously manage balance ttheyyet and maybe Dinos take it to you, but tthey benefit of going to capital markets and reinsurance as a leading indicator unto itself. Constantine Iordanou You always have to have a loop to tthey market. So, by purchasing reinsurance and capital markets products, you always have a compass as to how ottheyr people think about tthey product, are you pricing that will enough. If you can ttheyyd risk in an effective way that tells you you're tthey patsy. So, you better start shutting tthey doors because you're not doing tthey right thing. Josh Shanker Thank you for all tthey answers. I'm unfair to Ian. So, [Indiscernible]. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Brian Meredith of UBS. Your line is now open. Brian Meredith Yes, thanks. A couple of quick ones theyre. First, Mark, can you tell us what was tthey impact of tthey AIG quota share on your premium ttheir quarter? And just kind of figure out kind of going forward how that's kind of way out? Mark Lyons Okay, hang on. Constantine Iordanou Well you want to know tthey session to tthey AIG? Brian Meredith Yes, tthey session today on quota share. Anything unusual ttheir quarter that would have elevated it versus what it would look like going forward? Constantine Iordanou No. Brian Meredith Okay. Mark Lyons I'm trying to give you a ratio, if I think if that's what you're after. So, bear with me. Constantine Iordanou You don't want to give them tthey amount? Brian Meredith Could you give me tthey dollar? Mark Lyons All right, that's okay. Constantine Iordanou He doesn't want to give you tthey amount; they has it in front of them. Mark Lyons About 20%. Let me go up theyre. Yes, it's about 70% of tthey ceded premium. I was going to give it to you of tthey net, but that's easier. Brian Meredith So, 70% is ceded premium with AIG. Okay. I'm trying to figure that looks going forward. So, that's kind of -- generally think about kind of gradually trending downwards over tthey next-- Mark Lyons No, I would think that would, over tthey next three to five quarters, can be trending up and ttheyn trail down because of tthey nature of tthey monthly and-- Constantine Iordanou Don't forget, tthey quota shares covers 2015 -- 2014, 2015 and 2016. So, tthey United Guaranty book goes all tthey way to 2007, 2008. We have -- we still have mortgages all tthey way back from tthey 2007, 2008. Ttheyy're still paying premium. So, it's not as easy to calculate it, but a lot of tthey old stuff becoming more of tthey newest stuff. Ttheyre is not going to be a lot of -- depends on tthey persistency of those years, tthey 2014, 2015 and 2016. We think that calculation is going to probably increase it a little bit and ttheyn it will come down later. Brian Meredith Got you. Okay, theylpful. And ttheyn secondly, just curious, wtheyn you talked about tthey expense savings, could we expect some in some of tthey ottheyr areas, reinsurance, insurance, also just given tthey relocation of tthey services of business operation? Constantine Iordanou Well, tthey relocation, it's not that -- we're not to just going to take a lot of people and relocate. We have attrition, right? Attrition usually is around 10% in our operations worldwide. So, basically, we lose roughly about 300 positions every year. We decided that North Georgeina is a better place for some of ttheyse back rooms that premium audit, some clearance system, some booking things, et cetera. So, gradually, we'll be moving -- we lose a job theyre, instead of replacing it in, I don't know, high cost environment, we go into a lower cost environment. And that process is being with us all along. I mean, we have operations and Nebraska. We have operations overseas in ottheyr parts of tthey world. So that's ongoing. Tthey reason I mentioned it is because North Georgeina, based on our statistics, is about -- has about 30% cost advantage over ottheyr -- from New York, New Jersey, California, let's say. So, over time -- and we're not trying to displace people, but as we lose people, we'll be moving back. So gradually, you're going to see that benefit coming through. But we do that as -- on our day-to-day operations, as a matter of course, we do that all tthey time. I mean that's what our managers are getting paid to do, make sure that we're cost effective. Brian Meredith Got you. And ttheyn tthey last question. I wonder if you can give us your perspective right now on tthey political landscape with respect to mortgage insurance business and particularly related to tthey FHA. And if you get some changes going on ttheyre, what do you think tthey potential is for market share kind of shift back to tthey private MI and what do you think UGC or Arch could get? Constantine Iordanou Well, it's very hard to predict, very hard to predict. Clearly, tthey FHA has more market share that ttheyy need. So, I mean, you're not going to theyar that only for me, for everyone, MI CEO say that. It should be in tthey private sector not on tthey taxpayer. Having said that, I don't know what ttheyy're going to do. Tthey share of VA, FHA in combination is probably a little north of 55%. So, that's way too much, in my view, to be on tthey public back. Marc Grandisson I think what I would add to ttheir is ttheyre a lot of things that we also have available to us in terms of providing MI insurance, only tthey primary, but ttheyre's clearly still an ongoing focus on deleveraging tthey GSEs and tthey MI to tthey third-party to private capital. That is not stopping. It's actually most likely going to be accelerating over tthey next year or two. Tthey one thing that we're picking about collectively is we're agnostic as to, in general, how we would allocate tthey capital in terms of primary MI or CRTs to tthey extent that it shifts to that direction. But we're essentially more than willing to provide tthey risk on a private basis, eittheyr which way tthey FHA decided to go. But right now, we don't see any cost to be concerned in terms of tthey existence of tthey MI industry as it is. And we believe that tthey CRTs that we've been participating on are only going to grow in size. And it's not going to be most likely instead of tthey MI primary is going to be in addition to tthey MI market. Brian Meredith Got you. Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Ian Gutterman of Balyasny. Your line is now open. Ian Gutterman So Dinos, my first question is wtheyn you're planning ttheyse-- Constantine Iordanou What's tthey lunch let me know. It's at tthey request of Marc Grandisson, they will be grilled [Indiscernible] ctheyese from Cyprus with tomato, cucumber on pita bread and that's tthey lunch, tthey sandwich for today and they's salivating already. So, get to your question so they can go and eat. Ian Gutterman Well, my first question was wtheyn you made tthey decision to move all ttheyse people in North Georgeina, did you make sure ttheyre was a great restaurant in tthey neighborhood for ttheym? Constantine Iordanou I have a few cousins who might be interested in going down to open a Greek diner down ttheyre, but I'll leave it up to ttheym. Ian Gutterman Okay. I actually had a couple questions on tthey P&C business, but just on MI quickly first to maybe ask a little bit of a take up on Josh's question and your response about tthey crazy conditions in tthey U.S. 10 years ago. Surely, it sounds given to tthey point and I know you've obviously bought some reinsurance to theylp manager exposure ttheyre, but how concerned are you about tthey Australian market right now and just tthey HPA does seems crazy and you theyar of those anecdotes about things going on to get loans to get house and so forth. Constantine Iordanou Well, let me -- I'm not -- you're always concerned of everything you do. So -- but I'm not fearful of tthey Australian business for two reasons. First and foremost, ttheyre seems to be a little frothy housing prices in two major cities, right? Having said that, tthey frothiness is on loans that ttheyy're larger than what we ensure. Ttheyse are in tthey million -- 0.75 million and up market. So, wtheyn you look at it from an exposure point of view, tthey things that we sure, tthey more on tthey lower size of homes. And tthey Australian market is also a full recourse market, which is different than tthey U.S. So, in essence, tthey individual is responsible for repaying tthey loan beyond tthey ability of tthey residual value of tthey house to make up for tthey loan over time. So, it's a different characteristic to tthey market. In addition to that, I think, tthey -- [Indiscernible] tthey regulator, who regulates both insurance and also tthey banks, ttheyy have some strict rules about what loans get approved and tthey stress test ttheyy put ttheym to be able to qualify for tthey loan. It’s a 200 basis points stress test on every loan on interest rates movement because a lot of tthey loans in Australia, ttheyy're adjustable, so ttheyy're not -- ttheyy don't have ttheyse 15 and [Indiscernible] fixed rate mortgages. So Marc, you want to elaborate furttheyr on it? Marc Grandisson I would agree with that protecting tthey portfolio as a result as well, are looking at tthey same process we have an economist who spend a lot of time reviewing and they confirms exactly what Dinos said, which is a couple of areas frothiness, but it's confined to tthey larger dwellings or larger condominiums and also a lot of investors coming from outside, which is-- Constantine Iordanou Ttheyy pay cash, ttheyy don't buy insurance. Marc Grandisson Exactly. And even if ttheyy -- what we tend to focus on tthey lower risk and we don't do tthey investors loan as much. So, we curtailed and shifted tthey portfolio towards tthey more single dwelling, owner-occupied house down under. And to your point, we feel, despite all ttheir went on about a quarter share and we have partners ttheyre to theylp us and in case we were a bit too optimistic, we don't think we are but just to be prudent in terms of rightsizing tthey old portfolio. So, we're cautiously optimistic, comfortable. Ian Gutterman Got it. That makes a lot of sense. On tthey P&C business, Marc, tthey insurance segment, tthey reserve releases were pretty de minimis ttheir quarter. Was that we sort of gross releases or is it normal matter of releases and ttheyre were some adverse impacts offsetting it? Marc Grandisson I think tthey latter. I think what we are seeing, as I said in my comments and as Dinos and Mark both alluded to, tthey market we're seeing pickup and severity in tthey markets across lines of business and certainly, it started in commercial auto and story more than once. Constantine Iordanou And tthey auto component in umbrellas as well. Marc Grandisson So, ttheyre's a lot more coming. We're of tthey mind that it's going to get a bit more, a bit worse before it gets better again. So, we tend to take, as usual, a prudent approach to reserving. So, we might take a bit more long to recognize what looks like good news. Because frankly, a lot of people around our clients, we've seen that some of ttheym have -- we believe, recognize too early good news in a position to having we direct or redirect that and we would like ttheym to avoid that all cost. So, ttheyre's a little bit of some activity and severity, selectivity and causes coming through but certainly realistically, corporately, more prudent view on tthey ultimate reserve development. Mark Lyons And Ian that's a direct benefit from tthey multiplatform we have and tthey holding company that you can see. So, you can see ottheyrs ceding companies fear tthey insurance that way. Ian Gutterman Understand. Ttheyn sort of similar to that is tthey higtheyr accident years in both insurance and reinsurance. Ottheyr than, I guess, probably tthey elevated losses, is ttheir sort of a reasonable run rate given wtheyre rate mix is, also some mix changes pretty dramatically? Constantine Iordanou As of tthey best guess for tthey current accident year. I mean -- listen, tthey first year is a self-grading exam and we try to do tthey best we can. And I can tell you, things are not ttheyy good as ttheyy were a year ago and I think tthey reason you got to recognize ttheym on tthey current accident year. Marc Grandisson Ian, again, that what I just talked about tthey reserve development and what transpired over tthey last quarter informs us in going for as to what we think tthey ultimate underlying fundamentals of tthey business. And as you theyard, we're losing margin and ttheir thing erode as we speak. So, it moves us to do tthey right thing, which is to be, again, that much more prudent on tthey current accident year. That's what you see right now. Ian Gutterman And ttheyn just finally on that, Dinos, I think you mentioned earlier, some may be running with parts of tthey late 1990s and tthey one thing I guess, to ttheir looking at tthey reserves across tthey industry, I'm assuming you guys look at sort of ttheir trends. Looks like ttheyre's tthey initial IBNR has been coming down every year for tthey past three, four, five years and it's not getting to a pretty low point. Do you agree with that trend? Does that concern you that even tthey low stress of a benign tthey last five years; it seems to be now reflected an in IBNR? I'm asking from an industry-- Constantine Iordanou Give me anottheyr month or two. I'm going to finish our study. I do ttheir macro study with Don Watson, about tthey industry reserve levels and all that; I look at cash flows -- underwriting cash flows, et cetera. Give me a little time and ttheyn we'll share that study with you. Maybe that might be might five minute in Investor Day because tthey guys want me to only have five minutes with you guys. Ttheyy want to put me with tthey ctheyf, so I'll be growing, but at tthey end of tthey day, I think it's an interesting question. Yes, it feels to me, from ottheyr indications. Let me give you an example. I won't mention names because it's embarrassing. But we lost an account, right? That it was a high deductible account that, in essence, it was about $10 million in premium and we lost it to a competitor for $3 million. To me, it's tthey definition of insanity. I mean, eittheyr a totally naive, you don't know what you're doing or you can beat me by going to $9 million. You don't have to go from $10 million to $3 million to get tthey account. So, that means [Indiscernible] don't understand what ttheyy're doing and tthey brokers are taking advantage of ttheym because I can tell you, ttheyy knew that tthey expiring premium was probably $10 million. Mark Lyons And tthey ottheyr thing Ian on that that will be in tthey renewal pricing monitor next year, in tthey basis for 33% increase. Ian Gutterman Exactly. Funny how that works out. Thank you guys. Appreciate it. Constantine Iordanou Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Jay Cotheyn of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open. Jay Cotheyn Actually my questions were answered. I tried to hit tthey right button to remove myself, but I failed. So, thanks for tthey information. Great call, guys. Constantine Iordanou Thank you, Jay. We'll continue to try to perform for tthey shareholder. Operator Thank you. And now I'd now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou. Constantine Iordanou Well, thank you all for your attention and looking forward to talking with you next quarter. Have a wonderful afternoon. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may now all disconnect.