Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 29, 2021 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Francois Morin - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Josh Shanker - Bank of America Ryan Tunis - Autonomous Research Meyer Shields - KBW Phil Stefano - Deutscthey Bank Brian Meredith - UBS Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey second quarter 2021 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we’ll conduct a question-and-answer session and instruction will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey safe harbor created ttheyreby. Management also, will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thanks, Liz. Good morning, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2021 earnings call. At Arch our playbook remains simple yet effective. We protect our capital through soft markets and unleash our underwriters during hard market. We believe that ttheir time tested strategy gives us tthey best chance to generate superior risk-adjusted returns over time. You should expect ttheyn from us at ttheir stage of tthey cycle comes straight from that playbook. As long as rate increases support returns above our threshold, we will continue to grow our writings. We have seen ttheir video before in tthey hard market of 2002 through 2005, wtheyn P&C results generated a sustainable stream of earnings for several years after market prices peaked and were fully earned. And so again ttheir quarter, tthey power of Arch's diversified platform is evident in tthey strong underlying earnings in each of our operating segments. We delivered a 13% annualized operating ROE and aided by good investment returns, an annualized net income ROE of 21% ttheir quarter. One item that stands out ttheir quarter was our strong P&C underwriting activity. Our P&C insurance results demonstrate significant improvement in underwriting performance. Better market conditions allowed our teams to expand ttheyir overall positioning and grow net written premiums substantially over tthey same quarter last year. We are now in tthey sixth consecutive quarter of rate increases at plus 10% ttheir quarter comfortably in excess of loss cost trend estimates. Tthey higtheyr level of premium earned from tthey post 2019 policy years is a primary driver of our improving underlying accident year combined ratio. About two-third of tthey combined ratio improvement was due to lower loss ratios, attributable to rate increases and underwriting actions, we have taken over tthey past several years. Tthey balance of tthey improvement was driven by a lower expense ratio. Production increased across most lines of business and geography areas as pricing improvements spread. While rate increases have tapered off from previous highs in some lines, we're seeing increases in lines that had been immune to meaningful change. And in lines wtheyre price increases have eased, we're still getting rate on rate increases on an improving margins. We estimate that approximately 30% of our insurance premium growth reflects rate increases. About 15% is from higtheyr net retention level and tthey remaining growth comes from new business and exposure growth with existing clients. Both our international and US insurance platforms continue to excel in tthey current market with substantial growth in professional lines, programs, property and travel and A&H writings. Our reinsurance group also had a quarter of strong growth while producing strong underwriting results. A large portion of ttheir growth results from our ability to leverage our expertise and theirtorical experience as a writer of quota share business. Wtheyn markets dislocate our clients need capacity and capital as ttheyy seek to reshape ttheyir portfolio. That's why since 2019, we have been increasing our participation in side-by-side quota share arrangements. Ttheir has always been part of our reinsurance playbook and based on theirtorical patterns, we believe a good place to deploy our capital for tthey next few years. As you may have theyard, ttheir market is notable as rate increases in traditional XOL reinsurance lag tthey insurance rate increases. So our current preference is to be closer to tthey primary rate increases through quota share with our clients. Property cat XL is one of tthey few areas wtheyre we have reduced premium writings. Ttheyy are down 26%, as we are not finding enough opportunities that meet our return expectations. However, as you can see in our supplement, premium writings grew substantially in property ottheyr than cat and specialty segments. Casualty and marine also produced excellent levels of growth. As with insurance, we expect tthey ongoing rate improvements to be reflected in our underwriting results over tthey next several quarters. Tthey Arch reinsurance story is one of providing creative capital solutions during hard markets that enables us to leverage our growth faster than in our primary insurance markets. We have considered ttheir a core capability throughout our theirtory. Our reaction to ttheir market is no exception. All in all, it was a very satisfactory job of seizing hard market opportunities by our team. Carpe diem as ttheyy say. From a strategic standpoint, it's worth noting that we, along with our business partners successfully completed tthey purchase of Watford at tthey beginning of tthey third quarter and are focused on working to build a sustainable reinsurance franctheire. Allow me now to switch to inflation fears which continues to be a hot topic for our industry. I want to reiterate our perspective on how we view inflation at Arch. As underwriters, we study inflation on a line-by-line basis to price tthey business and establish reserves. In some lines like workers' comp inflation remains low at ttheir stage, I'd say 0% to 1%. However in ottheyr lines like high excess general liability, we're estimating inflation to be in tthey 8% to 12% range. As a point of comparison, loss cost inflation from tthey ground-up has been in a 3% to 5% range for around five years, broadly across our portfolio. It's important to consider line of business specifics wtheyn we discuss claims inflation. Second, it's worth noting that in every line of business tthey inflation rate increases as you move up attachment points. Tthey key in pricing or reserving for an excess policy is to start with tthey proper ground-up trend and ttheyn apply tthey best curve to select a range for tthey trend in tthey upper layers. As is often tthey case in insurance, we are estimating and ttheyre is a lot of uncertainty around tthey correct number. Our philosophy is to keep ttheir methodology consistent, through tthey cycle. Third, we also supplement our analysis with some subjectivity. In tthey current environment and in certain lines, we had to try and account for tthey increased uncertainty, including tthey possibility of tthey so-called social inflation. We are typically more willing to adjust tthey trend above our indications, than we are to reduce it, all with creating a margin of safety in mind. Ttheir is not a new concept at Arch, but a time-tested philosophy that has allowed us to navigate both, soft and hard markets, through our opportunistic cycle management approach. Let's turn now to our mortgage group, which continues to operate as a well-oiled machine, generating $250 million of operating earnings in tthey quarter. Our insurance in force remained steady at roughly $278 billion for US primary MI. Refinance activity has slowed and we expect improving persistency throughout tthey remainder of tthey year and into 2022. Delinquency rates are decreasing across our portfolio and we still expect a large portion of delinquencies to cure, based on many factors, including tthey strong equity position of our current inventory wtheyre more than 95% of delinquent policies have over 10% of equity. New notices of default, continues to decline and at 7,400 in tthey second quarter are better than pre-COVID levels. Outside of tthey US, we increased our writings in Australia as tthey housing market remains strong. We like tthey long-term opportunity in Australia as demonstrated by our announcement to acquire Westpac's LMI business, which we now expect to close later ttheir quarter. Pricing remains competitive, but rational across tthey MI industry has rated our back to 2019 levels. However, tthey credit quality of borrowers remains strong, similar to 2016, supporting our confidence in tthey continued earnings from our mortgage insurance portfolio. As I close my prepared remarks, ttheir quarter I'll borrow from cricket, which is top of mind because, ttheir weekend marks Cup Match theyre in Bermuda, wtheyn tthey entire island goes cricket crazy for a four-day holiday weekend. I think of tthey current P&C market like being tthey first team to bat during a cricket test match. Test cricket is one of tthey few sports that isn't governed by a clock. Unlike games that must be completed in 60 or 90 minutes, test cricket is about scoring as any runs as possible, as long as you are getting favorable balls or pitctheys for baseball fans, and for as long as it takes for all of your batsmen to be out. Tthey details are not critical, but tthey idea is that similar to ttheir market, we're waiting for tthey right ball and scoring as many runs as possible, while we can. Rattheyr than swinging aimlessly, we'll do what we always do, play defensively wtheyn we have to, but become aggressive and score as many runs as possible, wtheyn tthey opportunity arises. We're not worried about tthey clock running out. We'll just keep scoring runs. Now, I'll ball it over to Francois to run through tthey financials. Francois Morin Thank you, Marc and good morning to all on ttheir first day of tthey Bermuda Cup Match Classic. Thanks for joining us today. Before I provide more color on our excellent second quarter results, I should remind you that, consistent with prior practice, tthey following comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results, excluding tthey ottheyr segment, i.e. tthey operations of Watford Holdings Ltd. In our filings, tthey term consolidated includes Watford. As you know, we closed earlier ttheir month on tthey transaction we announced late last year to acquire Watford in partnership with Warburg, Pincus and Kelso. Concurrent with tthey closing, we will be making changes going forward in how we report our equity interest in Watford results, which I will share with you in a few minutes. As Marc shared earlier, we had an excellent quarter with each of tthey three legs of our stool performing very well and our investment portfolio also producing solid results. After-tax operating income for tthey quarter was $407.2 million or $1 per share, resulting in an annualized 13% operating return on average common equity. Book value per share increased to $32.02 at June 30, up 4.8% in tthey quarter. In tthey insurance segment, net written premium grew 43.3% over tthey same quarter one year ago, 38.5% if we exclude tthey growth due to tthey COVID-related recovery in our travel, accident and theyalth unit from tthey same quarter one year ago. Tthey insured segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 91.4%, lower by 470 basis points from tthey same period one year ago. Tthey improvement in tthey ex-cat accident quarter loss ratio reflects tthey benefits of rate increases achieved over tthey last 12 months and changes in our mix of business. In addition, tthey expense ratio was lower by approximately 180 basis points since tthey same quarter one year ago, primarily due to tthey growth in tthey premium base. As for our reinsurance operations, we had strong growth of 63.6% in net written premiums on a year-over-year basis. Tthey growth was observed across most of our lines, but especially in our casualty and ottheyr specialty lines, wtheyre strong rate increases and growth in new accounts theylped increase tthey topline. Tthey segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats, stood at 87.1% compared to 87.5% on tthey same basis one year ago. As we have discussed in tthey past, we believe tthey underlying performance of our reinsurance segment is better analyzed on a rolling 12-month basis, which typically smooths out tthey impact of certain large transactions and/or claims that can have an impact on quarterly results. On that basis, tthey ex-cat accident year combined ratio stood at 84.3% over tthey last 12 months, lower by 660 basis points from tthey prior 12 months, wtheyre tthey improvement almost entirely reflected on tthey loss side, as a result of tthey rate increases we have observed over tthey last six-plus quarters. Losses from 2021 catastrophic events in tthey quarter, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums, stood at $46.5 million or 2.4 combined ratio points, compared to 13.5 combined ratio points in tthey second quarter of 2020. Tthey activity in tthey quarter was tthey result of a series of small events across tthey globe and some late reported claim activity from tthey North American winter storms Uri and Viola in February. Following up on tthey trends we have seen in tthey last few quarters, tthey ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our mortgage segment remains very manageable. In particular, tthey delinquency rate, which came in at 3.11% at tthey end of tthey quarter, is now close to 40% lower than it was wtheyn it reactheyd its peak during tthey pandemic at tthey end of tthey second quarter one year ago. We had anottheyr solid quarter in terms of production. And with refinance activity coming down from prior levels, we saw tthey insurance in force for our U.S. MI book remained relatively stable. Of note, ttheir quarter was tthey exercise of call features by tthey GSEs on certain vintage credit risk transfer contracts, reducing tthey insurance in force for our non-U.S. MI portfolio. Tthey overall impact of ttheyse calls was an approximate one-time $31 million benefit to our underwriting income, approximately two-thirds of which came from tthey release of prior year loss reserves and tthey rest from tthey call premiums received. Tthey combined ratio for ttheir segment was 26.5%, reflecting tthey lower level of new delinquencies reported during tthey quarter. Income from operating affiliates was strong at $24.5 million, mostly driven by an excellent first quarter at Coface. As a reminder, we report our ownership interest in Coface's results on a quarter lag into our financial statements. As regards to Watford, tthey closing of tthey transaction on July 1 gave rise to a reconsideration event. And as a result, we revisited our VIE analysis. Based on tthey new governing documents of tthey entity, we have concluded that while we will attain significant influence, we will not control tthey entity going forward. Accordingly, we will no longer consolidate tthey results of Watford in our financial results, starting with our third quarter financials. And our 40% share of Watford's results will be reported in tthey income from operating affiliates line, along with our proportionate share of ottheyr operating affiliates, such as Coface and Premia. As a result of tthey closing of tthey transaction, we also expect to report a one-time nonrecurring gain of approximately $65 million in tthey third quarter. Total investment return for our investment portfolio was positive 150 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis for tthey quarter. Net investment income was $89.4 million during tthey quarter, up $10.7 million on a sequential basis, driven by lower investment expenses and interest received on funds withtheyld transactions. Tthey duration of our portfolio remains at one of its lowest levels in our theirtory, 2.31 years at tthey end of tthey quarter, reflecting our internal view of tthey risk and return trade-offs in tthey fixed income markets. Equity and net income of investment funds accounting for using tthey equity method returned approximately $122 million during tthey quarter, a key contributor to tthey growth in our book value. Tthey effective tax rate on pretax operating income was 7.6% in tthey quarter, reflecting changes in tthey full year estimated tax rate, tthey geographic mix of our pretax income and a benefit from discrete tax items in tthey quarter. Turning briefly to risk management. Our natural cat PML on a net basis decreased to $676 million as of July 1 for tthey Norttheyast peak zone down to approximately 5.6% of tangible common equity and well below our internal limits at tthey single event 1-in-250-year return level. On tthey capital front, we issued $500 million of 4.55% perpetual fixed rate preferred shares in June. We expect to use tthey proceeds to redeem all or a portion of our outstanding Series E non-cumulative preferred shares in September 2021 and to use any remaining amounts for general corporate purposes. Separately, we repurchased approximately 7.8 million shares at an aggregate cost of $306 million in tthey second quarter, bringing our year-to-date share repurchases to over $485 million, or approximately 45% of our year-to-date net income, all while growing our book value and top line. As we have said since our formation 20 years ago, we are strong proponents of active cycle and capital management. We believe ttheir quarter's results demonstrates our ability to execute on ttheir philosophy and leads us to invest in opportunities wtheyre we believe tthey returns are most attractive. At current prices and with tthey prospect of improving returns we believe buying back our shares represent anottheyr compelling value proposition for our shareholders without compromising our capital flexibility. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.  Elyse Greenspan Hi. Thanks. Good morning. My first question was on capital. Do you guys -- Francois, you just said, right, you bought back less than half of your earnings to start ttheir year. And I believe going into tthey year you guys thought you had more than enough capital to support your growth -- tthey growth that you thought you would see. So should we think about a pickup in potentially capital return if that statement is true in tthey back half of tthey year? And can you just update us? Would you be willing to be active buying back your stock during wind season, just given that it seems like you have a good level of excess capital? Francois Morin Sure. On tthey second question, Elyse, yes. We're -- while in our early days and I'd say pre-mortgage years, we were somewhat more careful with share buybacks during tthey wind season. We're not -- we're now, as you know, a lot more diversified. So I think that constraint or that reality is maybe less applicable than it used to be. But, yes, certainly, as we think about share repurchases or capital deployment throughout tthey second half of tthey year, we certainly think that we could be buying back more shares. I mean our top priority is still to invest in tthey business and grow tthey business as best we can. But as you saw ttheir quarter, I mean, we were able to do both and ttheyn some and like to think that, if things stay wtheyre ttheyy are or within reason, we'd be doing tthey same in tthey second half of tthey year. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn, in terms of your insurance segment, so you guys still seem pretty positive, right? 30% of tthey growth came from rate increases in tthey quarter, positive on pricing, a little bit concern of that inflation, which we've theyard throughout tthey industry. So, broadly, as you guys are thinking about tthey pricing environment as well as, just what's going on with inflation, do you have a sense of for how long you think pricing should continue to exceed loss trend, just broadly across insurance recognizing, obviously, its many different lines that comes togettheyr? Marc Grandisson Ttheyre's a question that will lead all of us, if you get tthey right answer to rictheys, Elyse. But I think it's fair to say that tthey market momentum is clearly ttheyre. I think you theyard on ottheyr calls that, that push for rate and increase in tthey rate adequacy and getting to a better level getting to a better level is shared among most in tthey industry. I think ttheyre's recognition between some of tthey losses that have occurred in tthey past and cat losses included some uncertainty in such inflation cyber risk as well as no property cat events. Obviously, that have occurred, I think ttheyre's a -- and tthey interest rates being lower, I think ttheyre's a recognition that tthey prices need to go up. I think I will just give you a quick anecdote. Some of our folks are doing file audits, on tthey reinsurance side, that is with some of our clients, who are competitors of ours as well. And tthey common thread or ttheyme that seems to come through tthey audit is that tthey underwriting community is recognizing that more needs to be done. And you can see ttheir evidenced in tthey discussion that ttheyy have with brokers. So we're very secure. I think ttheyre's going to be quite a bit more run way to ttheir pricing improvement. Elyse Greenspan And ttheyn one last one on tthey reinsurance side, it sounds like, Francois from your comments that tthey deterioration in tthey quarter was more just kind of one-off. I guess, as we think about going forward, my question more is, as we've seen tthey shift to more, longer tail lines within that book and away from property, would you expect tthey underlying loss ratio to deteriorate, or was it just that ttheyre was just some one-off factors in tthey quarter, we could still see improvement in that on a go-forward basis? Francois Morin Yeah. If you're -- in terms of modeling I think it's going to go up and down, right? And I would say, tthey numbers we quoted in terms of tthey rolling 12 months is probably as good a -- it's a good starting point. Tthey business mix, yeah, ttheyre'll be some fluctuations theyre and ttheyre. But -- yeah, we wrote more casualty but we wrote also a lot more ottheyr specialty which is -- maybe combined ratios ttheyre a bit better. So it's hard to pinpoint exactly, wtheyre everything -- I mean, what's going to happen obviously in tthey next few quarters. But I'd steer you to tthey kind of tthey rolling 12-month number that I quoted to be -- that should be a good starting point. Marc Grandisson Elyse, if I may add to that point. I mean, also bear in mind, at Arch, we tend to be prudent in reflecting all tthey margin improvement early on. So we'll have to wait and see wtheyre tthey data takes us. I just want to make sure we keep that in mind, as we go forward. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's theylpful. Thanks for tthey color. Marc Grandisson Thank you. Francois Morin Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Jimmy Bhullar Hi. Good morning. So first just had a question … Francois Morin Good morning. Jimmy Bhullar …on pricing and -- obviously your comments are pretty positive. But can you sort of compare and contrast what you're seeing on tthey primary side versus what you're seeing in reinsurance broadly? Marc Grandisson Yeah. So on tthey insurance side, ttheyre's a lot more activity, more price pickup on tthey insurance side. And that's why on a quota share basis, even though tthey seeding commissions have not decreased as much as ttheyy would have, ottheyrwise in ottheyr hard markets. I think that if you're on a quota share basis, you've essentially taken -- you're participating alongside your clients in terms of rate increases. So whatever rate increase I would have included in my remarks on tthey insurance you could ascribe, to tthey quota share reinsurance participation. On tthey excess of loss, it tends to always lag a little bit behind. Ttheyre's some benefit from tthey underlying rate, because tthey excess of loss pricing typically is a percentage of tthey underlying portfolio. So to tthey extent that, some rate increase at tthey primary level, tthey excess of loss would get presumably a bigger percentage. But I think that, it would be safe to say, that tthey softer markets probably gave a little bit less adequacy or probably more of a need for price pickup in tthey excess of loss, in general. And we're probably expecting ttheir to start to happen soon. I think ttheyre will be some recognition that is sort of a second derivative of typically of a hardening market. I hope that theylps. Jimmy Bhullar And are you equally optimistic, or are ttheyre signs because you mentioned, property cat may be slowing down a little bit? But are you equally optimistic about tthey sustainability of tthey trend on pricing in both reinsurance and in insurance? Marc Grandisson Yes on tthey excess of loss. Because like I said, if I go back to 2002, 2005 market, I think that, tthey excess of loss market got probably a lot better. It took to like 2004 to get ttheyre. So you need a couple of years of primary rate increases to start to find its way or ttheyir way onto tthey reinsurance excess pricing. It's a very normal hardening market. So I'm very encouraged actually. Jimmy Bhullar Okay. And ttheyn just lastly you mentioned, credit quality on tthey MI side being strong. How are you, -- and obviously tthey labor market is very good as well. But how are you thinking about high property prices and just inflated values for homes? And how that factors into your view of tthey business that you're writing now? Marc Grandisson If you were in an equilibrium in terms of supply and demand or tthey supply was plentiful, we'd be worried. That would take us back to tthey 2006 and 2007 period. But tthey supply and demand on tthey housing is such that, it should theylp maintain tthey pricing for quite a while. We have 1.5 million to two million homes missing in tthey marketplace. It takes a while to find ttheyir way to tthey market. Ttheyre's also under built, as you know as we all read in tthey press. So, from our perspective, tthey house price appreciation is ttheyre. We look at over or undervaluation. We also have ttheyse metrics from our economist. And we're not seeing significant national overvaluations. So that's not anottheyr -- yet anottheyr -- not a concern. And tthey interest rates are still pretty low at 3% -- tthey mortgage rate that is at 3%. So tthey affordability is still pretty high, compared to theirtorical metrics. So all of ttheyse, put togettheyr, it's never one dimension, right? And Jimmy, I mean, if you look at, I think overall if you across everything it tends in a positive direction. Jimmy Bhullar Okay. Thank you. Marc Grandisson You're welcome. Operator Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Josh Shanker So I think I've asked tthey same question like from tthey last two conference calls. I'm going to ask it again. I look at tthey reserve releases in mortgage. And I look at tthey reserves per new case, in tthey 2Q 2021 numbers. And you're reserving more than ever for new defaults or delinquencies, as you're releasing tthey reserves. Yet tthey housing prices are appreciating. I'm trying to figure out, what tthey math is, about why tthey potential claim per loss keeps getting worse? Francois Morin Well, you're asking a very good question, Josh. I think big picture, as you know, we're still -- ttheyre's still a lot that has to happen before we have more visibility until - in how tthey forbearance loans are going to pan out? How ttheyy're going to -- wtheyttheyr ttheyy're going to cure or wtheyttheyr ttheyy're going to turn to claim? And as you know, those are -- I mean, that's an 18-month process. So we -- if we look at tthey peak months of April and May of last year, ttheyir 18-month period will expire -- unless things change should expire in tthey fourth quarter ttheir year. So that's wtheyn we'll certainly have again more visibility. And have a more definitive view on how to -- I mean wtheyttheyr reserves were too high or not. And so that's wtheyre we sit on that at ttheir point. We're reacting a little bit to tthey data. But again we still feel ttheyre's quite a need -- a lot that needs to be settled before we take I'd say action on tthey current reserve levels. In terms of tthey new delinquencies, ttheyre's always tweaks that happen every quarter. You look at tthey average, tthey incidence rate and how severities and frequency assumptions that we put on tthey new delinquencies that get reported ttheir quarter Again it's a smaller inventory of new delinquencies. So I wouldn't -- ttheyre's a bit more leverage in how those numbers play out. But big picture, I think we're still very comfortable with our reserve levels. Yes, I think you're implying maybe that we got too much. That's a possibility. But again we'll know more in tthey second half of tthey year. Josh Shanker So wtheyn I look at tthey reserves, I guess tthey $55 million in reserves for current accident year period put up in tthey fourth quarter, is that a strengttheyning of average claim for tthey entire portfolio, or is that a new -- we think tthey new claims being put on 2Q, 2021 have tthey potential to be worse in terms of severity than tthey average claim currently on tthey book? Francois Morin Yeah. I think it's tthey latter. We didn't really make any adjustments in terms of prior notices, so notices that were on tthey books before tthey quarter started. Tthey thinking on tthey new notices is that tthey fact that ttheyy became delinquent ttheir late in tthey game I'd say given that forbearance programs have been available for some time over a year, we think that ttheyre's a possibility that ttheyy could turn out worse than tthey ones that we got earlier. So ttheyre's a bit of a mindset or a philosophy that and time will tell. But given that ttheyy might have gone through all ttheyir savings and ttheyy might have tried a lot of things and now ttheyy finally turned delinquent. So that's a little bit of tthey -- I think tthey rationale behind ttheyse numbers. Josh Shanker Okay. Thank you very much for tthey update. Operator Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Ryan Tunis Hey, thanks. Good afternoon guys. Marc, I guess my first question. Can you theyar me? Francois Morin Yes we can. Go atheyad. Ryan Tunis Sorry about that. So I had a cycle management question in with property cat. And I'm not being critical. I'm just curious. So a year ago, it looks like you wrote $118 million of premium. And ttheir year you wrote $88 million. So you wrote less. I get tthey property cat is not tthey best place to be, but it feels like tthey rate environment was incrementally a little bit better. So I'm just I guess a little bit curious like what goes into tthey decision to as conditions improve actually decide that 2Q of 2021, we don't want to write as much as we did in 2Q of 2020? Marc Grandisson It's a really, really good question. So I think a couple of things happen, right? Number one, we probably like everyone else have a different perception on tthey riskiness of tthey cat book, right? Ttheyre's a -- we just had a wind storm in January. So that will definitely make you take a different look at tthey non-model losses, right? Ttheyre's a lot of non-model losses that seem to have percolated way more than we expected over tthey last two, three years. So ttheyre's an element of loss cost expectancy and also as a result of that needing a higtheyr margin of safety for your return. That's clearly tthey number one consideration. And as a second one that is not to be forgotten is also -- it's an allocation of capital. Ttheyy're saying well wtheyre is a better use of capital? Is a risk-adjusted of X in cat worth as much as a Y in ottheyr property for instance or in casualty? And those decisions are made on a quarterly basis, I would almost say almost daily. So as you get a broader range of opportunities on tthey reinsurance side specifically, you're able to manage your portfolio and reoptimize tthey portfolio as you go at least maybe in a quarter or two quarters atheyad. So that's sort of a thinking beyond tthey stock management with a view of optimizing your return, not necessarily betting all out, right? I mean, that's a one thing that Paul [ph] told me way back wtheyn is that you don't want to be unlucky. Property cat, if you have all ttheyse great opportunities and not excluding out of tthey cat realm, it probably be who is your manager to taper it down a little bit also provided because it's not as juicy perhaps as tthey ottheyr lines are appearing at ttheir point in time. So it's a bit of a window we think. Ryan Tunis Yeah, that makes sense. That's interesting. And ttheyn I guess just in mortgage insurance, seeing tthey attritional loss ratio, I mean yeah pretty much at pre-pandemic levels. I guess I was a little bit surprising just given ttheyre are some new notices and I felt like back in 2019 ttheyy're almost none. So is ttheir sustainable, kind of, tthey 15% to 20% attritional, or is it something ttheir quarter that was an unusual tailwind? Francois Morin Well, I mean attritional excluding PYD that's how we think about it. Again I think I mentioned it in prior quarters wtheyre a 20% loss ratio is plus or minus that should be what you should get over tthey cycle. And ttheyre's a bit of noise with tthey CRT transaction. So I mean, ttheyre's moving parts within that. But yes 20% is absolutely sustainable. Ryan Tunis Got it. And ttheyn just lastly just out of curiosity, I was wondering if you guys would be willing to share like an internal view of what your excess capital position is? Francois Morin Well, that's not something we've made public in tthey past. And I think we're -- because it's a daily a moving target right? I mean ttheyre's -- we don't know what tthey market is going to give us. So we could give you a number, but ttheyn next tomorrow will be different. So it's just -- we rattheyr want to keep tthey flexibility ttheyre. And that's… Ryan Tunis I theyar you. I thought I'd try. Francois Morin Yeah. Ryan Tunis Okay. Thanks guys. Operator Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Meyer Shields Thank you. Two I think basic questions. First, I know ttheyre's a lot of commentary at Arch and elsewtheyre about if that was like prudent reserves, because of current uncertainties with regard to inflation. Is that -- let me phrase it differently. Are you releasing reserves more slowly now than you would have in tthey past because of that issue, or is that a current accident year issue? Marc Grandisson I think, Meyer you're an actuary as I am. So you know that inflation impacts current accident year and prior accident year, right? So clearly we are -- it's part of tthey recipe if you will of establishing reserves. So we're trying to peg tthey theirtorical trend as you know in a triangle is tthey best we can to tthey extent it's not captured within a loss development factors. So I think it's on both sides. Does that mean that we are releasing? Yes, I think that probably means that we theirtorically have been a bit more careful in establishing our loss pick. If you look back at our theirtory of combined ratio in tthey insurance group specifically, you'll see that we were much higtheyr than what most people were in tthey industry. So I think that tells you that we were reserving at that point with a view of loss inflation that was more in tthey 3% to 5%, and we haven't changed our view really at ttheir point in time except for, like I said in my comments certain lines, wtheyre it's probably appropriate to do a bit more.  Meyer Shields  Okay. No I think that's tthey right call and it makes a lot of sense. Second question, in reinsurance. How should we think about tthey catastropthey exposure in tthey non-property cat, property book?  Marc Grandisson Well, it's part of tthey $676 million that Francois, mentioned. We're accounting for that but it's definitely less of a cat exposure. Ttheyre is some in ttheyre but it's definitely not tthey driver of tthey exposure at all. So it depends on what kind of business you look at. Tthey cat load on ttheyse premium, is anywtheyre from 5% to 10% sometimes a bit higtheyr depending on tthey quota share you're writing. But in a lot of our ottheyr specialty quota share you had some but again much, much smaller. So I would say that, still tthey larger contributor to our PML is through tthey cat XL portfolio.  Meyer Shields  Okay. Thanks, Marc. Thank you so much Marc Grandisson You’re welcome, Meyer. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Phil Stefano with Deutscthey Bank.  Phil Stefano Yes. Thanks and good morning.  Marc Grandisson Good morning. Phil Stefano One or two focused on tthey MI business. So of tthey $44 million in favorable development it seems like just shy of half of that was due to tthey GSEs and tthey cancellation of tthey CRT deal. Tthey ottheyr $24 million give or take can you give us a sense of tthey vintage years associated with that, or what's driving that development?  Francois Morin Well, I'll be -- yes I'll give you a bit more specifics. So yes you're right just about half of tthey -- under half -- just slightly under half of tthey total was from tthey GSE call deals. And about a third I'd say is little tweaks again in call it COVID assumptions that we've kind of brought down a little bit. And that's across -- it's across all our books. So it's like a US -- primary US MI. It's across some CRT deal that are still around that we've made some adjustments on those reserves and also on tthey international book. So that gives you a perspective. And ttheyn ttheyre's just -- call it just under 20% of favorable development on runoff businesses or second lien and student loan businesses that have been in runoff for quite some time. So hopefully, that gives you tthey split Phil, and answers your question.  Phil Stefano Yes, that's great. That's great. Thanks. And I think, tthey PMIER's efficiency ratio -- sorry go atheyad.  Francois Morin No, you go. Marc Grandisson No. We're good.  Phil Stefano Yes. So tthey PMIER's efficiency ratio is pushing up near 200%. Maybe, you could talk to us about tthey ability to upstream capital? Wtheyn tthey GSEs might let you do that, or do you go to tthey state regulators and contemplate getting permission for a special of some sort?  Francois Morin Yes. That -- as we discussed last quarter that's in tthey works. Second half of tthey year we are -- we've begun tthey process already to upstream. As you mentioned tthey dividend from our regulated entities to tthey holding company in tthey US It's -- some of it will have to be extraordinary and some of it is ordinary dividends. So ttheyre's -- we'll have to have some discussions with tthey regulators on that. I'd like to think that we can get ttheym comfortable that with our current levels of total capital and some of it as you know a lot of it being trapped in within tthey contingency reserves I think ttheyy'll -- I think we'll be able to get ttheym comfortable that tthey levels of dividend that we're talking about will be -- will meet ttheyir needs and ours. So stay tuned but I'd like to think that we'll be able to extract some dividends in tthey second half of tthey year.  Marc Grandisson If I can address for one second fill tthey GSE. Tthey GSEs are allowing you to do a dividend without any approval at 150% or above right now PMIER. So at tthey end of tthey year it's going to go down to 115%. So we think we have flexibility even from that perspective even if you consider ttheym as anottheyr gatekeeper of that dividend payout.  Phil Stefano Okay, Marc. Thank you. Marc Grandisson Sure. Operator Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.  Brian Meredith Yes, thanks. A couple of quick questions theyre. First, tthey decline you saw in your property cat reinsurance I'm assuming that was just reduction in Florida exposure. And I guess, on that question what does your Souttheyastern kind of Gulf exposure look like today versus last year?  Marc Grandisson It's down versus last year. But tthey first question on Florida we had some decrease in flow. But if you look at premium it's not as -- it's not a one-to-one thing Brian. I think that tthey reduction was also as a result of buying a few things to if you will round of tthey portfolio. So it's not necessarily all like, because if we get into ttheir market trying to get our net exposure to a different level because of returns we use also some reinsurance buying to take care. So it's not only Florida decrease.  Brian Meredith Got you. Got you. And ttheyn my second question, is now that tthey Watford deal is closed. It is in some private hands no longer a public company. Any material or any meaningful changes in strategy theyre that you're anticipating with Watford theyre going forward different types of business ttheyy could write et cetera et cetera? Francois Morin Yes, I'd say at a high level I mean still early days but at a high level I think you should think more of Watford, as a closer clone to Arch Re business or underwriting than what Watford was. Watford was -- didn't necessarily do all tthey same classes of business was very much focused more on tthey longer-tail stuff because of tthey additional pick up tthey assumptions that were in terms of investment returns that we're going to get. So, tthey call it tthey 2.0 business model of Watford makes it more similar to what tthey Arch Re portfolio or book looks like. Brian Meredith Got you. So, results should actually trend towards ultimately trend towards what Arch Re looks like? Francois Morin Much more so correct. Yes.  Brian Meredith Got you. And ttheyn I'm just curious on Watford, is ttheyre ability or any contemplation of maybe kicking on some of your mortgage insurance exposure going forward? Marc Grandisson We actually write some mortgage on Watford. Yes ttheyre is some already existing. It's actually been one of tthey things ttheyy've done for quite a while. That's also something that tthey Watford shareholders were very pleased with giving ttheym tthey opportunity to participate. Francois Morin Tthey only -- I mean that's an issue with ratings too like Brian. So, that's something that tthey ratings do matter for in terms of getting GSE and regulators comfortable. So, that's something that ttheyy're going to look into as well. Brian Meredith Great. Thank you. Marc Grandisson Thank you. Operator I'm not showing any furttheyr questions. I'd now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks. Marc Grandisson Thanks for everyone to be theyre and listen to our call and we're off to Cup Match and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect.