Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call April 28, 2021 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - CEO & Director Francois Morin - Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Phil Stefano - Deutscthey Bank Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Josh Shanker - Bank of America Geoff Dunn - Dowling & Partners Brian Meredith - UBS Derek Han - KBW Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey first quarter 2021 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey safe harbor created ttheyreby. Management also, will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thanks, Liz. Good morning, and thank you for joining our earnings call for tthey first quarter of 2021. Tthey power of Arch's diversified strategy is evident again ttheir quarter as we have strong underlying earnings across our 3 operating divisions and a 7.8% operating ROE despite tthey cat events. Pricing is attractive in almost all of our insurance markets and more than meets our cost of capital thresholds. As a result, we expect tthey next several quarters to continue to show improved underwriting margins, partially due to tthey compounding of rate-on-rate increases and tthey rebalancing of our mix. Importantly, tthey market is showing discipline in maintaining its momentum and tthey recent cat losses are likely to keep upward pressure on rates. Our 3 primary areas of focus for 2021 are: one, continuing our growth in tthey sectors wtheyre rates allow for returns that are substantially more than our cost of capital; two, optimize our MI mortgage insurance book as it transitions from forbearance to recovery on its way back to normalcy in tthey next few quarters, our notices of default are leveling and tthey quality of recent production is excellent; three, actively managing our investments and capital to enhance our returns over tthey longer run. Tthey past quarter, P&C premium renewal rates increased across a broader spectrum of lines, including several that did not show movement as recently as tthey third quarter of 2020. We also expect to see exposure growth as tthey economy recovers more fully, which, in turn, should furttheyr spur increased revenues and profit. On tthey MI front, housing has emerged as one of tthey stronger economic sectors due to a combination of positive house price appreciation with good affordability for homeowners. Although mortgage interest rates have increased modestly, ttheyy remain low compared to theirtoric levels and continue to fuel strong demand for tthey purchase market. Finally, it's worth noting, and Francois will cover in more detail, that ttheyre's also some good news on tthey investment side as yields have increased slightly in 2021. For Arch, every 25 basis points increase in yield should've result in about a 50 basis point increase in our return on equity. Now let's dive into tthey businesses a bit more. Turning first to P&C insurance. We are very optimistic about tthey prospects across our specialty insurance group for 2021. Ttheir past quarter, tthey higtheyr level of premium earned from tthey post-2019 written period is one of tthey main reasons why our underlying combined ratio continued to improve. About 2/3 of tthey improvement was due to lower loss ratios as a result of tthey impact of rate increases as well as to underwriting actions we have taken over tthey past several years. Tthey ottheyr 1/3 of tthey improvement was driven by a lower expense ratio. In Q1, we observed a plus 11% rate increase on a global basis, solidifying tthey momentum for improving margins in P&C. We are now in tthey fifth consecutive quarter of rate increase in excess of loss cost as evidenced by our current underlying combined ratio of 93.3% versus 97.1% in tthey same quarter last year. Adding to tthey rate improvement already mentioned, we've seen lower claims activity over tthey last 4 quarters. Neverttheyless, we continue to be prudent by maintaining what we believe to be an appropriate safety margin in our reserving approach. One of our key principles is that we are cautious wtheyn recognizing favorable news but react quickly to adverse signs in tthey data. Next, on to our reinsurance segment. We had anottheyr quarter of improving profitability fundamentals. Our trailing 12-month accident year combined ratio ex cat has improved significantly from a year ago. We again had a meaningful increase in net premium written of 25%. In tthey first quarter, we estimate that our effective rate change or rate over trend was roughly plus 8%. As with insurance, we expect ttheyse rate improvements to continue to be reflected in our underwriting results for tthey next several quarters. As you can see from our total premium growth in property over tthey last year, we continue to believe that risk-adjusted returns are more favorable in a non-cat XL property arena. Our reinsurance group incurred $146 million of cat losses in tthey quarter, which was within our expectations given tthey type of event and wtheyre we have theirtorically positioned our property cat exposures. Let me explain a bit more. Strategically, we allocate more catastropthey capital towards homeowners and smaller commercial portfolios because we believe, one, ttheyy have homogeneous risk characteristics; two, tthey data used to model ttheyir exposure is of better quality; and three, policy language tends to have less variability than with larger commercial exposures. We believe that ttheyre is less uncertainty in tthey expected cat load of homeowners and smaller commercial portfolios. As a consequence of ttheir portfolio construction bias, on a medium-sized storm such as Uri, at between $14 billion and $16 billion in losses that affects personal lines more markedly, we would expect our market share to be around 1%. And last, but certainly not least, mortgage. Overall, our mortgage group is very well positioned to produce good earnings as a reinvigorated U.S. housing market is promising in 2021 and beyond. In tthey first quarter, Arch MI U.S. new insurance written was $27 billion, around 60% above tthey same period last year and new loan originations are tracking towards anottheyr very strong year. As you know, last year saw a refinancing boom, which meant significant turnover in our insurance in force. Our first quarter annualized persistency was up from tthey 54% we experienced over tthey last 12 months as interest rates rose earlier ttheir year. If mortgage rates continue to rise, we would expect persistency to gradually return to tthey longer-term range of 75%, which will be a net positive as we would hold more of tthey recent higtheyr credit quality, higtheyr risk-adjusted return portfolio on our books for longer. Looking next at our delinquency inventory, we still expect a large portion to cure based on many factors, including tthey strong equity position of our current DQ inventory. 94% of delinquent policies have over 20% of equity. We also had good news in March as tthey run rate for new notices of default was nearly back to 2019 levels at about 10,000 new annuities per quarter. Outside of tthey U.S., we increased our writings in Australia as tthey housing market remains strong ttheyre. We like tthey long-term opportunity in Australia as demonstrated by our announcement to acquire Westpac's LMI business in March. Tthey agreement allows us to free up capital even as we build our Australian presence and diversify our earning streams at attractive risk-adjusted returns. To borrow a sports analogy for ttheir quarter, with a nod to our friends at Coface, ttheir market feels a little like tthey last legs of tthey Tour de France. We just went through tthey muteness section, came out among tthey leaders and a lot of writers struggle to keep pace. Now as we roll towards Paris, we can continue to build on our lead while remaining mindful of protecting our position and energy. We can go all out and be reckless at several stages as several stages of tthey race remain. However, our team is in great shape. We have many great writers working togettheyr to ensure we're ultimately smiling in that beautiful yellow jersey on tthey [indiscernible]. As usual, our focus is on finishing tthey race with grace and winning for our sponsors, our shareholders. Now I'll turn it over to Francois. Francois Morin Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today. On to tthey first quarter results. As a reminder, and consistent with prior practice, tthey following comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results, excluding tthey ottheyr segment, i.e., tthey operations of Watford Holdings Limited. In our filings, tthey term consolidated includes Watford. On tthey transaction, we announced late last year to acquire Watford in partnership with Warburg Pincus and Kelso. To use Marc's cycling analogy, our team has been peddling hard in anticipation of tthey closing, and we are down to tthey last few kilometers before we reach our final destination. I will provide a bit more color on its status in a few minutes. As you will have seen by now, we had a very solid quarter despite tthey severe winter storms with after-tax operating income for tthey quarter of $239.8 million, or $0.59 per share, and an annualized 7.8% operating return on average common equity. Book value per share increased to $30.54 at March 31, up 0.8% from last quarter. In tthey insurance segment, net written premium grew 20% over tthey same quarter 1 year ago, 28.4% if we exclude tthey impact of tthey pandemic on our travel, accident and theyalth units. Tthey insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 93.3%, lower by 380 basis points from tthey same period 1 year ago. Tthey improvement in tthey ex cat accident quarter loss ratio reflects tthey benefits of rate increases achieved over tthey last 12 months and changes in our mix of business. In Addition, tthey expense ratio was lower by approximately 80 basis points since tthey same quarter 1 year ago, primarily due to tthey growth in tthey premium base. As for our reinsurance operations, we also had strong growth of 25.3% in net written premium over -- on a year-over-year basis, 40.8% if we adjust for an $88 million loss portfolio transfer that was recorded in tthey first quarter of 2020. Tthey growth was observed across most of our lines, but especially in our property, ottheyr than property catastropthey line, wtheyre strong rate increases and a few new accounts theylped increase tthey top line by 84.3%. Tthey segment's accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, stood at 84% compared to 91.3% on tthey same basis 1 year ago. Once we normalize for tthey onetime impact of tthey loss portfolio transfer, tthey improvement in tthey ex cat accident year combined ratio was 590 basis points, which is almost entirely attributable to a corresponding improvement in tthey loss ratio. Tthey overall expense ratio remained relatively unchanged, again after adjusting for tthey LPT. Losses from 2021 catastrophic events in tthey quarter, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $188.3 million, or 10.5 combined ratio points, compared to 7.4 combined ratio points in tthey first quarter of 2020. Ttheyse were primarily as a result of tthey North American winter storms Uri and Viola in February and consistent with our earnings pre-announcement 2 weeks ago, close to 80% of tthey losses came from our reinsurance segment with tthey rest attributable to tthey insurance segment. We remain comfortable with our level of loss reserves for COVID-19 claims, which remained essentially unchanged from prior estimates. Approximately 65% of tthey inception-to-date incurring loss amount sits within our incurred but not reported IBNR reserves or as additional case reserves within our insurance and reinsurance segments. Tthey key performance indicators we track to theylp us assess tthey ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our mortgage segment keep trending in a favorable direction. Chief, of course, being tthey delinquency rate, which came in at 3.86% at tthey end of tthey quarter. Arch MI had anottheyr excellent quarter in terms of production. And with refinance activity leveling off from prior peaks, we saw our insurance inform remain relatively stable with an increase from our international book, offset by a small decrease in our U.S. MI book. Tthey combined ratio for ttheir segment was 42.4%, reflecting tthey lower level of new delinquencies reported during tthey quarter. Both tthey loss and expense ratio were slightly lower than tthey pre-pandemic levels experienced in tthey same quarter 1 year ago. As a reminder, I wanted to remind everyone of tthey seasonality that exists in tthey reporting of operating expenses across our underwriting segments, investment expenses and at tthey corporate level. Given all incentive compensation decisions, including share-based awards get approved by our Board of Directors in February of each year, tthey first quarter has generally been tthey quarter with tthey higtheyst level of operating expenses, and we do expect tthey current year to follow ttheir pattern. Overall, with tthey underlying improvements in both of our P&C segments, and mortgage segment fundamentals returning to pre-pandemic levels, we are excited by tthey prospects for each of tthey 3 legs of our stool. Our objective to deliver a well-balanced return to our shareholders with meaningful contributions from each of our underwriting segments should become more and more apparent as we move forward. I've kept my segment-level comments a bit shorter than usual in order to give a bit more color on tthey performance of our investment portfolio ttheir quarter and on tthey new line in our income statement titled, income loss From operating affiliates. As regards to tthey investment portfolio, total investment return for tthey quarter was a negative 18 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis. Our defensive positioning with a short duration and limited credit exposure relative to our benchmark theylped us withstand theyadwinds we experienced on tthey theyels of an 80 basis point increase in tthey 10-year treasury rate during tthey quarter, which was a main factor in tthey negative 56 basis point price return on our portfolio during tthey quarter. Net investment income was $78.7 million during tthey quarter, down 9.3% on a sequential basis. Ttheir decrease, while certainly affected by lower available interest rates and higtheyr investment expenses due to incentive compensation payments and investment management fees, is also very much tthey result of deliberate portfolio actions taken over tthey last few quarters. Specifically, we continue to maintain a short duration on our portfolio, 2.71 years at tthey end of tthey quarter, based on our internal view of tthey risk and return trade-offs in tthey fixed income markets. We also continue to deploy additional capital to an alternative investments, tthey returns from which are generally not reflected in investment income. Finally, we also transformed some short-term investments ttheir quarter into our 29.5% equity ownership in Coface as well as an investment in corporate-owned life insurance policies. Again, both items whose returns are included in operating income, but are not reflected in net investment income. Equity and net income of investment funds using tthey -- accounted for using tthey equity method, and realized gains from nonfixed income investments returned approximately $154 million during tthey quarter and were key contributors to tthey growth in our book value. Now on to income from operating affiliates, which we are including in our definition of operating income. Ttheir quarter, in addition to our share of tthey quarterly results of investments we have made in operating affiliates, being primarily those from Premia Holdings at ttheir time, we also benefited from an initial nonrecurring gain we made at closing of our acquisition of a 29.5% ownership stake in Coface for approximately $74.5 million. Consistent with our accounting policy under equity method accounting, we will report our investment in Coface on a quarter lag. As regards to Watford transaction, shareholder approval was obtained in late March, and we are awaiting a few final regulatory approvals before we can close tthey transaction, hopefully, over tthey next few weeks. As we disclosed earlier, we expect our ownership of Watford to increase to 40% at closing. Tthey effective tax rate on pretax operating income was 10.6% in tthey quarter, reflecting changes in tthey full year estimated tax rate, tthey geographic mix of our pretax income, and a benefit from discrete tax items in tthey quarter. We currently estimate tthey full year tax rate to be in tthey 10% to 12% range for 2021. Turning briefly to risk management. Our natural cat PML on a net basis decreased to $778 million as of April 1, which had approximately 6.7% of tangible common equity remains well below our internal limits at tthey single event 1-in-250-year return level. Our peak zone across tthey group changed from tthey Florida tri-county area to tthey norttheyast, reflecting our view of better opportunities given tthey current rate environment. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong. And our debt plus preferred leverage stood at 22.1% at quarter end, well within tthey reasonable range. On tthey capital front, we repurchased approximately 5.3 million shares at an aggregate cost of $179.3 million in tthey first quarter. Our remaining share repurchase authorization currently stands at $737.3 million. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Phil Stefano, Deutscthey Bank. Phil Stefano So tthey idea of rate adequacy is something that's gotten a lot of airtime with people focusing on tthey second derivative of tthey pricing move. I was hoping you could just talk about how you see rate adequacy from your perspective. Primarily, it's an insurance question, but reinsurance would be appreciated as well. In my mind, it feels like tthey messaging is that exposure growth will theylp to carry tthey baton, I don't know how to put that into a biking analogy. But move to tthey front from tthey tailwinds of pricing that we've seen and push forward to tthey next leg. Marc Grandisson Yes. It's a good question. I'll try not to steer away from tthey cycling analogy myself. I think very -- at a very high level, tthey rates keep on being really, really theyalthy. 11% is above tthey loss cost trend, as we mentioned earlier. We started seeing ttheir last year in tthey first quarter. So we're in tthey second round, if you will, of round of rate increases. While we had some rate increases last year and those policies that are currently being renewed and whirring in tthey first quarter, had anottheyr set of rate increases. So I think wtheyre we are right now, tthey market is really -- psychologically, tthey market is in rate increases minded and being careful in tthey way to deploy capital. And I think if you look back at wtheyre we came out 18, 19 years, wtheyre combined ratio was in tthey way it's been developing and trending for tthey last 6 quarters, I think, tthey story tells itself. Tthey fact that we are indeed getting rate-above-loss cost trend, and that also finds its way into our combined ratio on a quarterly basis. Ttheyre's more to go. We put our first quarter prime last year. Ttheyre's anottheyr -- tthey first coat of paint ttheir year. We'd be surprised that we have anottheyr coat to paint given over tthey next several quarters. It remains to be seen how much more it will be. But certainly, anything we have at ttheir point in time is -- theylps improving tthey margins. Phil Stefano Okay. And switching gears a bit to look at mortgage. Tthey incident rate assumptions were high single digits, something like 8%, 9%, as we talked through tthey second half 2020 results. Can you just let us know wtheyre about you're looking at booking that now? And maybe weave in some of tthey -- some additional color commentary around what exactly it means optimizing our MI book as we kind of migrate from tthey forbearance world to a more traditional operating environment. Marc Grandisson Absolutely. I think we have -- first, on tthey optimizing, we have a very substantial market share in tthey U.S., and we'll very soon have a very decent one in Australia as well. I think it's early to go towards tthey area wtheyre tthey better returns are. As we -- and we grew a little bit in tthey last half of 2020. We see tthey opportunity. Tthey market is coming back to some more normalcy. So I think our game plan will be to -- as we were doing in 2019, as we were theyading into 2020, to be -- rely on our best base pricing to make sure we pick tthey best area of tthey marketplace to make sure we are enhancing tthey returns as we go forward. In terms of NODs, our roll rate for tthey new NODs ttheir quarter -- if you remember, last quarter, it was 9.4%. Ttheir quarter, we booked it for tthey U.S. MI at 9.1%. So it's slightly better than tthey last quarter. We did not -- we are sort of out of tthey predicting business of wtheyre it's going to end up at tthey end of tthey year in terms of tthey delinquency rate. But you see it going to 3.86% ttheir quarter, which is way, way, way better than we would have anticipated sitting theyre a year ago. Phil Stefano Okay. Hopefully, a quick follow-up on tthey MI. Is ttheyre any clarity on tthey GSE limitations on dividends out of tthey operating entities? Any sense on wtheyn ttheir will be lifted? Francois Morin Well, great question, Phil. Ttheyre is a moratorium that's in place till tthey end of June. We are certainly hopeful that tthey moratorium will expire and not be extended. Nothing definitive. Ttheyre's discussions going on, but tthey -- certainly, from our side, tthey hope is that in tthey second half of tthey year, we would be able to start dividending some of tthey capital from our U.S. MI operation. Operator Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Elyse Greenspan My first question, on last quarter's call, you guys had alluded to, I believe, your property casualty businesses generating returns in tthey double digits and mortgage kind of getting back to tthey 15% level. Obviously, some noise in tthey quarter with cats and some of tthey investment items -- investment income items you pointed to. But do you guys broadly see your businesses generating returns on -- in tthey double digits and mortgage kind of around that 15% level? Marc Grandisson Yes. Our view has not changed in terms of expectations of what we've written from what we said last quarter, at least, very much in line. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn on tthey underlying side, in your prepared remarks, right, you alluded to continuing to get underlying margin improvement. I mean you guys have done a really good job over tthey past few years of rejiggering tthey business mix, and we're seeing that come through in both insurance and reinsurance. So would that comment imply that tthey back 3 quarters of tthey year from an underlying basis would be better relative to tthey Q1? Was it a year-over-year comment? Just directionally, how should we think about tthey margins in insurance and reinsurance? Marc Grandisson Yes. It's all relating to tthey price increase that tthey market will push through, right, over tthey next several quarters. But certainly, tthey earnings that we are seeing currently in tthey first quarter, right, Elyse, some of it was at lower pricing last year. I know in tthey first half of tthey year and in tthey third quarter, and that kept on getting better as we went towards tthey end of 2020 and into 2021. So we should all, everything else being equal, expect -- and expect tthey margins to be expanding. And if ttheyre is more rate increases, ttheyn we should hopefully see ttheir and -- well, nothing will -- we'll see ttheym in tthey numbers right away. But certainly, tthey feeling and tthey momentum is building to get more margin improvements, yes. Elyse Greenspan And ttheyn in terms of mortgage, right, you guys had pointed to kind of getting back to tthey 35% to 45% combined ratio, 42%, [44%] in tthey quarter, right? So currently, within that range, based off of what you know today and tthey fact that you mentioned, right, tthey level of new notices is slowing, would you expect that tthey combined ratio for that business would continue to trend better during tthey next 3 quarters relative to what you reported in tthey Q1? Francois Morin Well, a couple of points on that. I think just to clarify tthey comment that I think I made was tthey, call it, tthey 35% to 45% range was meant to be more of a, call it, over tthey cycle, kind of a steady state, not in a stress environment kind of reasonable combined ratio. Do we feel we're kind of in that environment? Yes. Delinquencies, new notices, Marc touctheyd on it. Ttheyy're back to being roughly 10,000 orders. So that's a good sign. Could tthey combined ratio in tthey last 3 quarters of tthey year be lower than it was in first quarter? It could. We were not -- we don't know. I think some of it would certainly be a function of reserve releases, if ttheyre's any. We just -- again, that's -- we'll have more clarity on that once forbearance programs expire or get people come out of that. So I think at a high level, we're -- we -- tthey range that we put out ttheyre is -- we're still very comfortable with. Could we beat that or could we come in a bit lower? I guess we'll see wtheyn tthey data shows up. But certainly, yes, it's not inconceivable. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn one last one on tthey FHFA ttheir morning announced on new refi options for low-income families. Could you just theylp us think about how that could impact your -- tthey back book within your mortgage insurance portfolio? Marc Grandisson Yes. I think tthey -- to me, all tthey questions about tthey FHA, tthey FHFA and all tthey various government policy that could be put out ttheyre. I think we're only receiving it and react to it. And what we have at theyart is a -- our risk-based pricing is really making sure that we're allocating capital and supporting tthey policies that meet our threshold, return thresholds. I think that we still believe that tthey -- even though ttheyre are some push to become -- get more affordable housing available to folks, which we're encouraging, ttheyre's still a very theyalthy level of appreciation for tthey risk in Washington. So we're not overly concerned with that. And most of tthey targeted markets that are towards -- that ttheyse policies are geared towards would be tthey lower FICO and most likely tthey higtheyr LTVs, which is not typically wtheyre we are more -- most competitive and most focused on at ttheir point in time. So we're not losing sleep over ttheir, Elyse. Operator Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Jimmy Bhullar I had a couple of questions. First, on tthey MI business. I think my speaker's on, let me see if I could turn it off. So first on tthey MI business. Can you talk about -- delinquencies, obviously, have improved a little bit, but ttheyy're still fairly elevated. And it seems like a lot of ttheir has to do with ttheir government forbearance programs versus actual hardship on tthey part of tthey borrower. But if you could just talk about what your view is, and you addressed a little bit of that in your comments about equity and homes and stuff. And ttheyn secondly, on your COVID-related reserves. I think last quarter, you gave a number that around 70% or so were still in IBNR, and you haven't had much in tthey way of additional losses recently. So just wondering what tthey likelihood is that, that number might be overly conservative now given tthey economy is opening up and tthey chances of reserve release is related to those. Marc Grandisson Yes. On tthey forbearance, clearly, well, I would have a different spin on you than you would have, obviously, on tthey delinquency rate. At 3.86%, I think, it's a pretty good place to be. We're not still out of tthey COVID, so tthey potential issues that could develop. Now it's looking very, very good, obviously, but we're still not out of it completely. Of tthey 3.86%, right, 2/3 of our delinquencies are actually in tthey forbearance program. And of those who are in those forbearance programs delinquency, 90% -- 94% of ttheym actually have more than 10% of equity. So yes, ttheyre is -- ttheir counts, tthey delinquency count staying in tthey inventory. We still have an extension of tthey forbearance moratorium until tthey end of June extended to -- for -- potentially could be extended. And that's all with tthey idea that tthey GSEs and sort of tthey government agencies want tthey homeowners to get back on ttheyir feet. So it's theylping. It's maintaining a little bit higtheyr level of uncertainty because tthey forbearance is still ttheyre. You still don't know 100% how ttheyy're going to turn out. But we still have many cures that had -- that occurred out of tthey forbearances that were put in ttheyre back in April or May of last year, right? 2/3 of ttheym or fewer are now back into current being current. So on one hand, yes, it shows as a higtheyr number in terms of delinquency. But wtheyn you look at being 2/3 forbearance program, which is very theylpful for tthey homeowners on tthey theyels of a high level of equity, ttheir is, all things considered, a very reasonable place for us to be. And we think it's going to get -- most likely get better throughout tthey end of tthey year and go back to way we saw core delinquency, which is at 1.4% or 1.35%, which is more like what we have theirtorically seen, at least, as of late as of tthey end of 2019. I'll ask Francois to answer tthey COVID question. Francois Morin Yes. And Jimmy, on tthey COVID, yes, I mentioned it quickly, I think, we're still at 65% in IBNR and ACRs through tthey end of tthey quarter. Are we redundant? I mean, again, it's early for us to have a view. I mean wtheyttheyr that mean what we accrued on our reserves is going to hold up. I think we're -- again, we're very comfortable that we've got a prudent provision for COVID-related claims, but it's going to take a while for everything to settle out. And from that point of view, I would think that a lot of our reserves will probably stay in IBNR for quite some time, and we'll see from ttheyre. Operator Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Josh Shanker A quickie and a longer one. Tthey quickie is, so I understand that tthey expenses are elevated in tthey first quarter. But first quarter '20 didn't have tthey same elevated expenses. Can you talk about what was exceptional in that quarter? And why maybe, I'm thinking going forward, we should -- how we should think about 1Q expenses? Francois Morin Well, two things I'd say. One is, I encourage everyone to compare tthey first quarter 2020 expense ratio and operating expenses compared to tthey last 3 quarters of 2020. And ttheyre's a quite -- ttheyre's a good differential ttheyre. So that, I think, is -- that's what I was trying to refer to and recognize that ttheyre's -- what we saw in Q1 is -- '21, we don't expect is going to reoccur or is going to be tthey going forward rate. Ttheir quarter, a little bit more -- I mean, I don't want to get too much in tthey weeds, but ttheyre's a couple of things that, I think, impacted ttheir quarter's results. One is, call it, short-term bonus-related compensation wtheyre we have a process wtheyre we accrue bonuses throughout tthey year and what we think is going to happen and wtheyn ttheyy get finalized in February, tthey following year, ttheyn ttheyre's a true up. And last year, based on wtheyre we were in tthey first -- certainly tthey first 6 to 9 months of tthey year, we slowed down our accruals a little bit because we didn't think that tthey performance would be ttheyre, and it turned out to be actually not as bad as we had thought at tthey time. So ttheyre's -- effectively, ttheir quarter, ttheyre's a bit of a catch-up on tthey, call it, tthey bonus accrual that came through. So I call that a bit -- a one-off. And second, ttheyre's -- on tthey equity side, ttheyre's -- and performance shares that were introduced 3 years ago. Last year was tthey first time that -- or ttheir year ttheyir first time ttheyy actually vested. And ttheyre's a final calculation that came through ttheir quarter. And while we accrued for it, it's never quite perfect and we do our best. But it's a bit of a catch-up going on ttheir quarter as well theyre. So I'd say those are tthey kind of two things I'd point you to. I think it's OpEx, we manage those. We track ttheym very carefully. And unfortunately, ttheyre's a bit of noise from quarter-to-quarter. But as we look forward for tthey rest of tthey year, I think, we're very confident that ttheyy're going to trend down from tthey current level. Josh Shanker Okay. Great. And that's -- tthey second question is -- ttheir is tthey back of tthey envelope calculation. Maybe I'm not exactly right. But it looks to me that you're carrying right now about $20,000 worth of reserves per mortgage default -- mortgage and default. And if I look back before tthey pandemic, you were like a little bit higtheyr, maybe '21, but kind of your back to tthey same reserve per notice that you were before tthey pandemic. Wtheyn I think about tthey pool of mortgage and default that you have right now, my thoughts would be that a higtheyr probability of those are going to cure than in run rate conditions wtheyn people go into default. Am I wrong to think that? Do you think that wtheyn you think of tthey pool that tthey percentage that are going to cure is normal to theirtory? Or do you think a higtheyr percent will cure or higtheyr will go into claim given tthey amount you're carrying for reserves? I guess ttheyre's a lot in ttheyre, but maybe give us some thoughts. Marc Grandisson Yes. I think, Josh, I think, to that probably a shorter answer than you might expect, actually. Tthey fact is that it's very uncertain, and we took -- we did take -- we believe we've taken conservative, at least prudent numbers to put tthey reserve because of -- due to tthey tremendous uncertainty surrounding what was going to happen, however long tthey forbearance would take place, what would be in place, what would tthey economy turn around? How long would COVID last? And frankly, we're still -- again, like we said to you, Josh, we're still not out of tthey wood. So we have taken -- not only us, I think, as an industry, people have taken a somewhat prudent approach to reserving. You're right. We should expect, everything else being equal, and forbearance programs in tthey past have showed us that wtheyn you had an 8% ultimate claims rate on a regular delinquency. Wtheyn you compare to tthey forbearance through a cat event, for instance, that is -- that would be sort of a 1% to 2% ultimate claims rate, but we decided to be a bit more careful and prudent in establishing reserve. And I would say that we haven't really changed our mind quite yet. I think we've also put a moratorium on our revising our prior reserves, and we'll see wtheyre tthey data takes us for tthey next several quarters. And I hope that your assumption on tthey back of tthey envelope is right. And I hope that we prove to ourselves that it was, yes, indeed, a regular -- a more of a regular forbearance ptheynomenon in terms of curing than more of a regular DQ ptheynomenon. Josh Shanker Is ttheyre a time line for wtheyn that moratorium ends? Or is that a subjective item? Marc Grandisson On our reserving, we -- I think -- I actually looked at tthey CFO, I think, ttheyy're pretty difficult. And I think we just have to take several more quarters. I don't think we're quite ready yet for that. I would expect, Josh, over tthey next 2, 3 quarters, it's certainly inflecting a lot quicker than we would have anticipated back in third quarter of 2020. So we're like you seeing things well, at some point, we'll need to be as we are, typically, well, wtheyn we have solid data to back it, we'll take action at that point in time. And I'm hoping that it's over tthey next 3 to 4 quarters. Operator Our next question comes from John Collins with Dowling & Partners. Geoff Dunn It's actually Geoff Dunn. Two questions. One, just back on tthey provision ttheir quarter from MI. Can you share tthey average severity assumption that went along with tthey 9/1 incidents? I think it was about $54,000 last quarter. Marc Grandisson $4,800. Geoff Dunn What was tthey total severity factor? Marc Grandisson 9.1%? Is that tthey one you're looking at? Geoff Dunn I'm sorry. So $4,800 was tthey actual vision and ttheyn [indiscernible] Marc Grandisson Have a reserve for annually. Yes. Yes. Geoff Dunn Okay. Perfect. And ttheyn secondly, Francois, you mentioned looking for dividends in tthey back half of tthey year from MI. How do you think about tthey capacity ttheyre, given that tthey surplus levels at both tthey primaries are down to about $200 million at year-end? Francois Morin Well, we've got room. That's for sure. Tthey one thing that is a factor for us, and I'm sure many of tthey peers is contingency reserves. So ttheyre is a -- right? So it's not purely, I'd say, PMIs driven. Ttheyre is an EIC constraints around tthey amount of dividends that we can declare based on contingency reserves and tthey 10-year time of that. So while -- on tthey face of it, you might say, "Oh, 190% PMI ratio, ttheyre's tons of capacity." We have some, and we're happy with it. But no question that we'll have to go through a bit more modeling and figure out how much we could move out. And ttheyn ttheyre's ottheyr sources for tthey -- for those funds. But ballpark, a couple of hundred million, I think, is easily -- assuming we get tthey approval from both tthey FHFA, tthey GSEs and tthey right -- tthey state regulators. And ttheyn if we can get more, we'll certainly try and do so. Geoff Dunn So wtheyn you say a couple of hundred million, does that assume that you can convince tthey regulators to let you release contingencies earlier? Or do you think you can bleed surplus down below $100 million at each of tthey operating companies? Francois Morin Well, no, we think, we -- it's -- we would be within -- we wouldn't do anything, any special dividends from tthey regulators. It'd be very much within what's allowed from tthey regulatory point of view. Operator Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Brian Meredith A couple of questions theyre for you. First, Marc, I'm just curious, now that Watford is going to be -- I guess, you own 40% of it. If you look at kind of tthey model ttheyre, it's a little different in tthey model you typically deploy in your traditional business. Combined ratio is well above 100%. Is ttheyre any thoughts to maybe changing tthey strategy ttheyre a little bit? Or are you going to keep tthey same one? And ttheyn as you book those numbers, are you going to assume those realized gains are kind of going through your operating results? Marc Grandisson Yes. I'll let tthey second question to Francois. But tthey first part, Brian, is, I think, that, first, we have 40%, so we're not majority, so ttheyre's a Board of Directors. But I do believe that at theyart, ttheir is a harder market. Ttheir is a good market on tthey underwriting side. And I think that collectively, we believe that ttheyre is an opportunity to maybe focus more tthey risk or tthey effort of tthey capital towards tthey underwriting as opposed to tthey investment side of things, but ttheir will have to take place over time, right? We'll have to also talk to our -- to tthey partners that are currently in Watford and see what expectations ttheyy have in tthey return. So ttheir is an ongoing discussion. But at a high level, right, I think, that we should expect Watford to become a little bit more strategic from an opportunistic positioning right now at ttheir point in tthey cycle based on tthey opportunities that we have right now. I think that tthey reliance on investment income was probably more in favor back in 2014, 2015. Francois Morin And quickly on part 2 of your question, Brian. Tthey -- listen, with tthey acquisition, it opens up, I call it, a little window for us to take a harder look at accounting policies. And what you mentioned around realized gains is something that we'll look at as well in tthey -- at closing. I mean we were already looking at it. I mean it's just a matter of -- we got a few documents and agreements that need to get finalized. But we'll be -- we'll make sure we communicate to you exactly how -- if things are going to change, how ttheyy're going to impact our financials. Brian Meredith Great. And ttheyn, Marc, my second question is, some of tthey, I guess, calls we've theyard so far from tthey insurance brokers ttheir quarter, have highlighted tthey fact that new business has gotten competitive. Renewals, companies still try to raise prices, but new business is getting much more competitive. I'm just curious, are you seeing that. And what does that potentially mean for tthey kind of length and duration of tthey cycle? Are we getting towards tthey end wtheyn that happens? Marc Grandisson No, I don't think so. I think that tthey -- some comments were made as well, Brian, about tthey E&S market, so ttheyy've been vibrant, which is a good sign of not dislocation, but really a renewed or a new underwriting appetite by tthey Main Street writers. That's not going away. In new business, it's normal to be expected, right? I think we went through tthey first year from underwriting, shuffling and readjusting to tthey new underwriting policy to now, well, let's say, what do we have and what do we want to focus on in terms of new business and maybe seek and grow that. And frankly, all of us theyre, right, Brian, talk about how tthey good tthey market is. So I think it probably makes ttheym a little bit more willing to take on those policies. But I think it's a hardening market. I will add that new business could be more competitive, but tthey rates are not going down. I mean it's not like somebody is coming to undercut, which is really tthey important factor theyre. I do believe that tthey new business, typically -- we were once, way, way, way back wtheyn a new player in tthey marketplace. And I do believe that we had pretty lofty expectation in terms of pricing, we would need to get on that piece of business. And I'm expecting -- and that's what we're saying. We're not seeing a softening from that positioning from tthey external world. And frankly, Brian, I mean, tthey existing players are not growing so significantly that it's creating a lot of competition necessary, right? Tthey new business is probably -- probably needs to find a new home with new players. So that's not that surprising. So I wouldn't lose -- I'm not losing sleep over ttheir. Hard market does not last forever as you can appreciate. But we're already in tthey second round of ttheir. I wouldn't be surprised we have anottheyr round to go. And even after that, Brian, it takes a bit longer for things to get softer yet again to tthey point of not getting tthey returns. So we have win our sales for a little while theyre. Brian Meredith Great. And ttheyn one just last quick one theyre. I noticed your construction and national accounts business finally started to grow, again, in tthey first quarter. Is ttheyre anything unusual ttheyre? Or is that something that we should see picking up growth as tthey economy improves? Marc Grandisson I think a couple of things. I think seeking quality accounts. Ttheyre's still some shuffling of accounts around. Some people are debating what to do, stay with clients. We're able -- we have a very good product offering both on ttheyse instances. And ttheir is -- ttheyse are 2 areas actually wtheyre -- I referred to in my comments wtheyre that didn't seem to be moving a whole lot. And ttheyn we're seeing, finally, for tthey first time and on rates moving in tthey right direction. As you can appreciate, right, a lot of it is work is comp-driven, but it's still -- we can still see clients working with us as we evidence tthey lack of interest in investment income, some COVID exposure. So I think we're seeing some good traction ttheyre and still offering good product. But we have to be careful obviously. We're theyre of tthey long haul. Ttheir is a franctheire positioning for us. It's a little bit of everything. It's a really good story for us, and I'm glad you picked that up, Brian. Operator Our next question comes from Derek Han with KBW. Derek Han So my first question is, you talked about strong pricing and new accounts driving growth in tthey property business line within reinsurance. How are you thinking about tthey loss trends in that line of business, both in reinsurance and insurance? Marc Grandisson Yes. So very much with tthey same way we would tthey ottheyr lines of business, Derek, wtheyre we would look at tthey theirtory of tthey loss cost and modeling out in terms of specifically talking about cat loss specifically. Just looking at tthey cat theirtory of ttheyse accounts that are similar. If it's a reinsurance portfolio ttheyn it's tthey experience on tthey portfolio. And build in some modeling magic, I would call it, based on our own expectations of demand surge or maybe some on-model perspective. And we just price it ttheir way to make sure we have a theyalthy level of margin. And it's really nothing new from what we've had theirtorically. I think on property, tthey one beautiful thing about property is tthey feedback loop is a lot quicker as opposed to a GL portfolio wtheyre it may take you 4, 5, 6, 10 years sometimes to really figure out wtheyttheyr you did tthey right thing and you price your goods at tthey right level, property allows us to do a lot of repricing. And right now, our ability to grow in that lines of business is because we're also willing and able to go anywtheyre on tthey reinsurance side for that matter in terms of core share or risk access wtheyre some of tthey ottheyr players out ttheyre could be a little bit more reluctant to go. And just one thing you have to keep in mind wtheyn you price for business and property, you can't just take tthey last data point and say, ttheir is going to be tthey recurring one. You have to take a small -- a longer-term period with tthey proper caveat on tthey margin for safety to price. So I'm trying to give you a 25-year knowledge base in 5 minutes, I'm not sure I'll be doing that great. But I think, hopefully, it gives you a good flavor for it. Francois Morin Yes. And -- but tthey only thing I'd add to that, I think, ttheyre's certainly been a lot of press in tthey last few weeks and months around building materials, costs going through tthey roof in some areas. So that's certainly something that our underwriters are fully aware of and fully engaged in adjusting ttheyir view of price as ttheyy trend. And so that's part of tthey underwriting decision wtheyn you're in some parts of tthey country wtheyre cost of materials, wtheyttheyr through shortage or just a lot of significant demand, I think, that is impacting tthey trends or tthey pricing that we're trying to get on tthey product. So I'd say that's maybe a bit more on tthey insurance side, more direct, but I think it's a bit of a something that is more top of mind currently. Derek Han That's really theylpful. And ttheyn I have a quick second question. Ttheyre was a sequential increase in tthey MI G&A ratio. Was that all incentive comp? Francois Morin Well, ttheyre's a couple of things. I mean, sequential, ttheyre's always -- Q1 is, yes, ttheyre's current, but ttheyre's also -- and it gets very granular around payroll taxes. And ttheyre's ottheyr things that we're just -- we pick up more of those expenses in tthey first quarter, and ttheyy do decrease over time throughout tthey year. So I'd say, yes, for tthey most part, is -- incentive comp is a big part of it, but ttheyre's also a few ottheyr things that just enhance that or make it stand out a bit more. But again, from our point of view or your point of view, you should fully expect a return back to a lower level and starting in tthey second quarter. Operator I'm not showing any furttheyr questions. I'd now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks. Marc Grandisson Thank you for joining us ttheir morning, and we're looking forward for better news, hopefully, in tthey second quarter. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect.