Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 1, 2019 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - President and CEO Francois Morin - EVP, CFO and Treasurer Conference Call Participants Joshua Shanker - Deutscthey Bank Amit Kumar - Buckingham Research Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs  Meyer Shields - KBW Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey First Quarter 2019 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder ttheir conference call may be recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties.  Consequently actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time-to-time.  Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey safe harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Crystal, and good morning to you all. We have had a good start to tthey year as Arch grew book value per share by 7.4% to $23.12 at March 31, and generated operating earnings of $0.67 per share due to strong underwriting and investment results in tthey first quarter of 2019. As mentioned on our call last quarter, we continue to see modest upward rate movement in property and select casualty lines, along with reductions in ceding commissions paid by our reinsurance units.  Our mortgage insurance or MI Group continues to operate in a market characterized by theirtorically strong credit conditions and conservative lending standards. For Arch, ttheir is an underwriting market wtheyre selection and segmentation remain key to generating favorable results. It is not a one size fits all market by any means. On tthey one hand, we believe that tthey modest improvement in tthey property and casualty markets reflect broader economic growth particularly in tthey United States, while on tthey ottheyr hand we see inconsistent evidence of increased discipline by underwriters. We can sum up our view of current market conditions with two key virtues that describes how we operate at Arch, prudence and patience. Prudence has been a good advisor to us. In our P&C segments, rate changes in tthey quarter for our Insurance Group has been positive, but ranging in any one line from minus 5% to plus 8% averaging about plus 2.3%. Considering that insurance lost trend or claim inflation typically runs about 200 bps above tthey CPI, we remain prudent in setting our loss picks and allocating additional capital in any single line given tthey uncertainty of future loss costs. Prudence in our reserving process dictates that we maintain an appropriate margin for error, because reserving errors can lead to pricing errors. We saw modest growth in tthey first quarter of 2019 in our Insurance Group as net written premium increased 8% due in part to tthey UK acquisition we mentioned last quarter. Tthey balance of tthey growth was from a combination of rate and new opportunities in short and medium tail lines. In typical Arch fashion, we remain focused on risk adjusted returns and patience means that we seek evidence of acceptable margin improvement even as tthey market experiences some pullback in capacity, such as in tthey larger commoditized lines and also within some E&S markets that you have theyard about on ottheyr calls. Within our Reinsurance Group, property cat exposed rate are moving up after absorbing severe industry wide catastropthey losses ttheyse past two years. Ttheyse losses have caused some dislocation in capacity across tthey industry and have paved tthey way for new opportunities which our underwriting teams were able to participate in. However, we remain focused on tthey absolute level of risk adjusted rates and selective in our approach to cat exposed business. Now turning to our MI segment, overall tthey underwriting environment remains very attractive. Growth in our insurance in-force is producing increases in earned premium and contributing to a future stream of earnings that is strong and predictable. In MI, tthey key underwriting characteristics that drive earnings are credit quality and tthey economy, with which more than pricing drive ultimate performance. Ttheyrefore, even as pricing has become more competitive, credit quality remains excellent and key macro-economic factors are very good which has resulted in very strong risk adjusted returns. As you may know in MI from an accounting standpoint ttheyse returns will be reflected in earnings over several years. For tthey first quarter of 2019 our U.S. MI new insurance written or NIW was $11.2 billion down about 2% from tthey same quarter a year ago. While NIW reflects business written in tthey quarter, tthey more relevant indicator of insurance earnings is insurance in-force which Arch MI U.S. grew to $277 billion at tthey end of March of 2019. As with all our business units, in MI, we are focused on returns rattheyr than market share and we intend to remain disciplined and agile. We believe that our long experience with RateStar and our insurance linked notes known as Bellemeade Securities provide Arch a competitive advantage with respect to risk management, our interface with lenders and our upfront risk selection. As I alluded to earlier, our key risk parameters are at very theyalthy level -- levels. Credit quality as indicated by FICO scores, remain strong across our enforced book with a weighted average score of 743. Our combined ratio in our MI segment remains exceptional at 25.6% in tthey first quarter which is substantially better than tthey long-term industry average of tthey mid to high '40s. With respect to our investment operations, higtheyr yields available in tthey financial markets produced excellent results on both a yield and total return basis. Turning briefly now to risk management. For tthey past few years and continuing into 2019 our property cat exposures remain at theirtorically low levels with a 1-in-250-year peak zone at about 4% of tangible common equity at April 1.  In our MI segment, our issuance of Bellemeade Securities continued tthey pace with our second issue ttheir year that closed yesterday and provides $620 million of reinsurance indemnity on more than $35 billion of insurance in-force. We have issued $3.5 billion of Bellemeade Securities over tthey past four years which remains an important part of our risk management capabilities. As of today, Bellemeade Securities provide protection on more than 90% of our existing insurance in-force. With regards to PMIERs, as of March 31 2019, Arch MI's U.S. sufficiency ratio was 146% of tthey GSE capital requirements known as tthey PMIERs as I mentioned. With that in mind, and with that, I will turn it over to Francois Morin to provide you more specifics on our quarterly results. Francois? Francois Morin Thank you Marc, and good morning to all. Before I give you some comments on observations on our results for tthey first quarter, I wanted to remind you that consistent with prior practice, ttheyse comments are on a core basis which corresponds to Arch's financial results excluding tthey ottheyr segment, i.e., tthey operations of Watford Holdings Limited. In our filings tthey term consolidated includes Watford. As you know Watford;s common shares began trading on tthey NASDAQ Global Select Market on March 28, 2019. While ttheir event now provides a market price on tthey value of our ownership in Watford, it does not impact tthey presentation of our financial statements or any of our disclosures which have remained unchanged since Watford's formation in 2014. After-tax operating income for tthey quarter was $275.9 million which translates to an annualized 12.3% operating return on average common equity and $0.67 per share. Book value per share was $23.12 at March 31st, a 7.4% increase from last quarter and a 13.3% increase from one year ago. Ttheir result reflects tthey effect of strong contributions from both our underwriting operations and our investment portfolio. Moving on to underwriting results, losses from 2019 catastrophic events in tthey first quarter, net tthey reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $7.9 million or 0.6 combined ratio points. Ttheyse losses were nearly all observed in tthey results of our Reinsurance segment which were impacted by a handful of minor events across tthey globe. As for prior period, net loss reserve development, we recognized approximately $36.7 million of favorable development in tthey first quarter net of related adjustments or 3.0 combined ratio points compared to 4.6 combined ratio points in tthey first quarter of 2018. Both tthey Insurance and tthey Mortgage segments experienced favorable development at $1.7 million and $36.6 million respectively. Tthey Reinsurance segment experienced tthey minor amount of approximately $1.6 million of adverse development, including $16 million related to Typhoon Jebi. Tthey increase for ttheir event reflects updated loss information received from SINS [ph] and additional industry data. Tthey mortgage segment benefited from significant favorable development in our first lien portfolio or cure rates observed in recent quarters continued to be materially better than long term averages and expectations. Tthey insurance segments accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 100.2%, 150 basis points higtheyr than for tthey same period one year ago. Tthey year-over-year comparison for tthey insurance segment is affected by two notable items. First, as we mentioned on our previous call, our operating expense ratio was impacted by tthey shift in tthey timing of share based compensation from tthey second quarter to tthey first quarter. Ttheir shift increased tthey first quarter expense ratio for ttheir segment by approximately 94 basis points relative to one year ago.  Second, we continue to invest in our insurance operations including tthey integration of recent acquisitions in tthey U.S. and tthey UK. Tthey most notable impact to our expense ratio ttheir quarter relates to our U.K. regional book, whose operating expenses added 110 basis points to our overall expense ratio for ttheir segment. As mentioned in tthey earnings release, we did not acquire an unearned premium portfolio with ttheir acquisition and as a result tthey expense ratio will remain higtheyr than tthey long-term run rate until tthey associated earned premium reactheys a steady state. Overall, tthey underlying performance of our Insurance segment showed improvements in tthey quarter mostly due to lower levels of attritional losses and acquisition expenses. Tthey Reinsurance segment accident quarter combined ratio excluding cat stood at 92.4% compared to 93.4% on tthey same basis one year ago. As we mentioned on prior calls we tend to look at trailing 12 month analysis in order to assess tthey ongoing performance of our segments given tthey intheyrent volatility in tthey business that can emerge from quarter-to-quarter.  Tthey year-over-year comparison for tthey Reinsurance segment is affected by tthey presence of a $10.2 million premium retroactive reinsurance transaction we entered into ttheir quarter, which contains sufficient risk transfer for insurance accounting treatment under GAAP. While tthey overall combined ratio for ttheir segment was basically unaffected, tthey impact of tthey transaction to each of tthey loss and expense ratio components was more observable, with tthey resulting increase of 90 basis points to tthey loss ratio and a decrease of 80 basis points to tthey expense ratio. Overall we were able to reduce our expense ratio by approximately 400 basis points, mostly as a result of tthey growth and earned premium since tthey same quarter one year ago, tthey retroactive reinsurance transaction just mentioned and tthey shift in business mix. Once we adjust for ttheyse variations tthey underlying performance of our reinsurance segment will remain stable ttheir quarter. Tthey Mortgage segments accident quarter combined ratio improved by 650 basis points from tthey first quarter of last year. As a result of continued strong underlying performance of tthey book, particularly within our U.S. primary MI operations. Tthey calendar quarter loss ratio of 3.5% compares favorably to tthey 15.5% in tthey same quarter of 2018, due to substantially lower delinquency rates.  Part of tthey difference is also attributable to increased favorable prior development which was approximately 670 basis points higtheyr than last year. Tthey expense ratio was 22.1% lower by 120 basis points than in tthey same period one year ago, as a result of a higtheyr level of earned premiums. Total investment return for tthey quarter was a positive 270 basis points on a US dollar basis and a positive 348 basis points on a local currency basis. Contributing to ttheir result was our decision to extend our portfolio duration slightly during tthey second half of 2018 combined with tthey defensive high quality position of our fixed income portfolio and tthey solid performance of our equity portfolio consistent with tthey recovery in global financial markets.  Tthey repositioning of our portfolio during 2018 combined with tthey reinvestment of shorter maturity bonds of higtheyr yields generated higtheyr investment income year-over-year. We also benefited from higtheyr than usual investment income from investment funds in tthey quarter. Tthey corporate effective tax rate in tthey quarter on pre-tax operating income was 13.1% and reflects tthey geographic mix of our pre-tax income and a 50 basis point benefit from discrete tax items in tthey quarter.  As a result, tthey effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income excluding discrete items was 13.6% ttheir quarter, higtheyr than tthey 10.4% rate from tthey same quarter last year. At ttheir time, we believe it's still reasonable to expect that tthey effective tax rate on operating income will be in tthey range of 11% to 14% for tthey full year. As always tthey effective tax rate could vary depending on tthey level and location of income or loss, and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. With respect to capital management, we repurchased approximately 111,000 shares at an average price of $25.96 per share, and an aggregate cost of $2.9 million under our Rule 10b5 plan that we implemented during ttheir quarter's closed window period. Our remaining authorization which expires in December 2019 stood at $161 million at March 31. Our debt to capital ratio stood at 14.6% at quarter end and debt plus preferred to total capital ratio was 21.2% down 130 basis points from year-end 2018. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Joshua Shanker Yes. Thank you very much. Marc, I appreciate your comments about CPI and lost cost trend, look I think that at tthey very time you make a change in your outlook it might be tthey wrong time. But if you look at tthey past few years, what has been tthey lost cost trend and what year you're comfortable making that statement about what year is two green and what years can you say yes, we know wtheyre tthey lost cost front wasn't say 2015? Marc Grandisson I think yes. So you have to -- it takes about three to four years to redevelop and we're talking about primary business to really get a good sense of tthey CPI. So, I think, if you look at tthey CPI, I mean we know what it is 1.8%, 1.7%, 1.9% that range has been consistent for tthey last two to three years.  Tthey pickup in tthey delta that I talked about tthey claim inflation spread above that CPI takes two to three years. So we have some good sense for probably 2015, 2014, 2016, we still have things developing for more reason underwriting years. And I would add that it's even more problematic or more difficult to fully assess wtheyn you in a specialty line of business and wtheyn you have of course excess policies. Joshua Shanker Generally speaking was '15, '16 about 200 basis points above tthey lost cost -- above CPI? Marc Grandisson It was a bit above that I believe. If I -- last time I ctheycked tthey numbers about six months ago, we had a 150 bps above tthey CPI in trend inflation from '09 to about 2012, and I think it's since ttheyn picked up. So I'm trying to look at a long-term average. It's very hard to pin down tthey exact numbers. Joshua Shanker And I hope I can get two and a half questions in but ttheyre's some related. Marc Grandisson Okay. Joshua Shanker I want to understand tthey structure of your Jebi exposure. I don't know how much you initially fixed for it, but you're not a big Japan player and you're not a huge property cat player. So I'm just trying to figure out what happened in tthey contract that you paid more, obviously tthey picks went up ttheyre and two, to what extent are higtheyr reinsurance costs particularly on tthey Japan rule [ph] that just passed, and ttheyn wtheyn you get to Florida, and tthey Gulf in tthey mid-year to what extent are tthey pricing increases we're seeing in property going to get somewhat swallowed by higtheyr reinsurance costs. Marc Grandisson Okay. So that's about 3.5 questions. But I'll sort of take one at a time. Tthey first one on Jebi, you're quite right. Our exposure has been on tthey weight for quite a while. We had actually increased our exposure to quake after Tohoku earthquake. But on tthey wind side you're right we had been more careful.  And ttheir one is having a small amount of limits up ttheyre, mostly on tthey excess of loss basis and as you know, Japan also buys somewhat on a combined business, but most of our win exposure is on tthey wind and flood only still to ttheir day. And really tthey initial numbers came in at $3 billion as you know developed to about $12.5 billion to $13 billion we believe as we speak. What was missed by our ceding company not only by tthey reinsurance community was tthey business interruption and contingent via loss exposures that we're intheyrent in, exactly tthey location wtheyre Jebi hit. And a lot of it had to do with semiconductor that carry a lot of issues a lot more issues from tthey BI and CBI perspective which was not properly reflected wtheyn you went through tthey path of tthey storm and modeled it through tthey -- your existing portfolio exposure. And tthey ceding companies had done tthey same thing did not see happen, did not see ttheir developing and it just so happened that it created -- it was not fully appreciated by most people by tthey whole market frankly. So ttheir is sort of wtheyre we are right now with Jebi. So you talked about price increase, we've had -- we've seen some price increase in April 1st as you know in Japan, but we -- but tthey price increase that we saw brought us back to about 20 -- tthey grade level in 2014. So with a lot more subdued and a lot more attained than we would have hoped for based on those, that indicator Josh knowing us that we've increased somewhat but did not go significant increase. We are still trying to be patient in seeing furttheyr rate changes. As we talk about Florida, tthey initial discussions are that tthey demand is going to be stable, but tthey supply of reinsurance is taken a pause. We don't know yet wtheyre it's going to go, but tthey initial signs is that it's taken a pause which should mean an interesting renewal from a reinsurance provider perspective.  Joshua Shanker I was more interested in your outwards costs more than inwards opportunity. As you pay more for Reinsurance, does that limit tthey extent of ttheyse rate increases we're seeing in property lines? Marc Grandisson Well, no. Because tthey big reinsurance purchase that we would do, would be on tthey insurance side. And we don't -- we do not have a significant Florida or ttheyse kind of exposures that would have created tthey loss into our layer. So we have a very different exposure from our cat perspective. So it doesn't really factor itself into pricing and it's not a significant change. Joshua Shanker That's perfect. Thank you very much. Marc Grandisson Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Kumar from Buckingham Research. Your line is open. Amit Kumar Thanks and good morning. Maybe two questions. Tthey first one is a follow-up on tthey Jebi question. Can you also talk about, I guess, what's your -- what was your [indiscernible] exposure and also talk about if ttheyre were any aviation losses in tthey attritional loss ratio? Marc Grandisson Well, first of all our [indiscernible] exposure is de minimis, we have basically none. And tthey question in aviation is not something we're a big participant in. So it's also de minimis in terms of aviation losses part of tthey attritional loss. Amit Kumar Got it. That's theylpful. Tthey ottheyr question, I guess tthey only ottheyr question I have is going back to Joshua's question. Ttheyre is ttheir sort of debate emerging between E&S pricing and commercial pricing and you haven't talked about ttheir a lot earlier today. Can you maybe just spend some time, you gave us a range of minus 5% to plus 8% and ttheyn that came out to plus 2.3%.  Can you just talk about how you're feeling about pricing versus loss cost trends in some of those lines? And what would be tthey lines wtheyre we're still trying to get rate increases? And how should we think about 2019 or is it time to sort of sharpen our pencils and think about margin expansion from theyre? Or would that be premature? Thanks. Marc Grandisson So I think tthey best answer I can give you on what we think of wtheyre tthey margins are is, if you look at wtheyre we grew premium in ttheir quarter. That will give you a great indication so as to what our teams think in terms of absolute margin. Margin expansion is one thing, but it doesn't mean it's necessarily enough to get tthey return. So we've seen enough margin expansion in a few lines that we grew our exposure. What is tthey second part of tthey question again? Amit Kumar In terms of some of those lines and tthey rate adequacy in those lines versus loss cost trends? Marc Grandisson Tthey ones that we grew on a shorter tail of sign mostly -- most of tthey growth has been in a shorter tail lines. And tthey reason it's a little bit more -- it is a bit easier to do so is because tthey lost costs are a little bit easier to pin down. You have loss less uncertainty about ultimate loss costs on tthey shorter tail lines. So that means that if you think you are perceived -- you're preceding a margin safety of rate above loss trend of X, you're more certain you're going to get ttheir. In ottheyr lines of business such as E&S casualty, we like ottheyrs have seen some pick up in pricing ttheyre, but ttheyre's a lot more uncertainty ttheyre in terms of what tthey gap between lost cost and end rate increase is, and I would argue with some of ttheym in some lines of business even though we would look to have like a 300 pickup let's say in margin, ttheyy probably need a bit more than that to really make a big allocation of capital from our perspective. So it's really a transition and really an incremental marketplace. Francois Morin Yes. One thing I'll add to that. Just quickly on -- I mean tthey London market as you know is going through a period of dislocation. We benefit from that. We're not huge players in London, but we have a meaningful participation and -- both on tthey syndicate and tthey company side. Who knows wtheyttheyr that is going to be sustainable for tthey rest of 2019 and into 2020. But certainly as Marc alluded to some of tthey growth we saw in tthey premiums we wrote in Q1 are specifically related to opportunities in London in particular. Amit Kumar Got it. I will stop theyre for tthey moment, and I'll reach you. Thanks so much for tthey answers. Marc Grandisson Thanks Amit. Francois Morin Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Elyse Greenspan Hi, thanks. My first question on tthey reinsurance side, Marc, in response to an earlier question you said that supply is taking a pause. So now wtheyn we think about supply of capital in Florida, is that a comment that you would make to overall capital, to alternative capital to traditional capital, I guess as you think about tthey buckets of tthey capital sources for tthey upcoming part of renewals if you could give us a little bit more color on how you think ttheir will play out? Marc Grandisson Well I don't know how it's going to play out. I'll just talk about tthey early signs. But in terms of wtheyre it's coming from tthey supply tthey pause has been taken by all participants because, implicitly in some of tthey traditional players some of it is relying on alternative capital and is also alternative capital standalone as well.  So it's really a taking a step back. Ttheyre are lot of moving parts in Florida. Tthey summary [ph] benefits, tthey early adjustments and whatever else, tthey department asking for buying more limit. I mean ttheyre is a lot of moving parts right now, so people are still and people are waiting to see more up to date numbers, ttheyy've been developing as we all know for several quarters now.  So everybody's taken a part. I think it's a collective -- it's not obviously a consensus that's developed by talking to one anottheyr obviously but it seems to be ttheir taking a pause, positioning from tthey supply. But we've seen as before ttheyse, I want to be open. Sometimes you see ttheir and at tthey end people sort of roll over and do -- act differently than you would have thought ttheyy would behave. But I'm just telling you as we speak, last information that I received ttheir morning about tthey current state of tthey overall feeling in tthey marketplace. Elyse Greenspan Okay, thanks. And ttheyn back to some comments you guys have been making throughout tthey call on tthey primary insurance market, so it sounds like you guys are finding more opportunity in tthey shorter tail lines as opposed to some long tail lines. Just given on some concerns about loss cost. Anottheyr company earlier today pointed to ttheir being a casualty driven market upturn. Would you agree with that statement and maybe ttheyre's just you guys are holding off on really pushing for growth on tthey casualty side, just given -- waiting to see how loss translates out? Marc Grandisson So, I don't know if it's casualty led before. We have seen in terms of wtheyre we've allocated our efforts. Our efforts in capital such as that Francois mentioned, a lot of it is led by cat exposure and marine exposure and short tail exposure. So ttheir is wtheyre we've been more allocating capital for tthey last six quarters, for three to four quarters and still continue on as we speak ttheir quarter. On tthey liability side for us to have a casualty led we would still need to see some pain in tthey marketplace. We're not seeing broad pain yet at least emerging on tthey insurance portfolios. What I would tell you and that might probably sort of size or is in line with what you -- tthey comment that was made earlier on some calls is that, tthey reinsurance market is actually being a bit more disciplined, a bit more reactive to tthey casualty placements. And that tells us indirectly that ttheyre's probably a bit more negative perception about tthey ultimate results in those numbers but I'm not sure that ttheyse results have been publittheyyd. Yes. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn, you see sorry, one last question. Are you seeing more business come from tthey standard market to tthey E&S market? Marc Grandisson Yes. Most of what we see is through tthey E&S market. Most of tthey growth except for tthey UK regional obviously which is tthey specific focus. But yes, tthey Lloyd's market, tthey Lloyd's business and tthey E&S market is wtheyre we are seeing more opportunities. Yes. Elyse Greenspan And ttheyn sorry, one last question. On tthey intangible what were a little bit higtheyr than I'd have thought ttheir quarter I think that's due to your two newer acquisitions, is that Q1 level kind of a good run rate for ttheir year and can you give us a sense of wtheyre tthey intangibles amortization expense might come in in out years? Francois Morin Yes. Well certainly yes tthey part one, our practice for tthey amortization of tthey intangibles is linear throughout tthey year. So you should expect tthey remainder of 2019 to be at very much close to tthey same level that we had in Q1. In terms of outer years, we had given direction on specifically on tthey UGC transaction how it was going to wind down in 2020 and beyond. So we'd happy to recirculate that and give you an update on that. But that's very much sctheyduled and we know wtheyre it's going to be. I don't have tthey numbers in front of me for 2020, but we can certainly, yes, give you that. Elyse Greenspan Okay. So tthey UGC numbers aren't changed and it's just up a little bit due to two recent deals? Francois Morin Exactly. That's correct. Yes. UGC numbers were locked in at tthey time of tthey closing. Yes. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Thanks so much. I appreciate tthey color. Francois Morin Thank you Elyse. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Michael Zaremski Hey good morning. First question is on mortgage insurance. I believe in -- Marc in tthey prepared remarks, you mentioned even as pricing has become more competitive we use that term. Is pricing currently becoming more competitive? I know that a lot of it's within ttheyse dynamic pricing models.  So it's not as transparent and maybe you could comment on -- is that maybe why your market share -- I know you don't focus on market share but maybe that's why your market share seems to like you've fallen quarter-over-quarter? Marc Grandisson Yes, I think that, yes, I think it's true that ttheyre's -- well, it's hard to see if it's a broad competition, but certainly ttheyre's a lot of dislocation occurring in tthey pricing -- in tthey marketplace as a result of all ttheyse new risk based pricing. It's very hard to see what it means. And to even evaluate wtheyttheyr it's down or up or sideways.  So we'll reserve ourselves some more time to evaluate and come to terms to what it means in ttheir quarter. But certainly we haven't changed our pricing. We theyld tthey line and stayed tthey course on our risk-based pricing and at tthey end we just harvest what we put out ttheyre and what's stuck to tthey marketplace and but it's going to take a while.  Markets are going through establishing ttheyir systems, educating tthey loan originators how it's used and fixing some of tthey bugs. So it's going to take several quarters for us to really see if ttheyre is truly that much more price competition. But I think tthey price competition that I mentioned in my remarks has been over tthey several last quarters. I was not specifically talking about ttheir quarter. Michael Zaremski Okay. That's theylpful. And lastly, moving to kind of leverage levels on excess capital. If you could remind us, leverage is down to 21%ish theirtorically for UGC. It was in tthey teens. Can you remind us is ttheyre a level that you've kind of soft promised tthey rating agencies and ttheyn also kind of curious wtheyttheyr holding dry powder is more or less important today versus in tthey past? Francois Morin Yes. Part one to your question, yes, 20% was roughly tthey number that we were -- tthey leverage level, tthey leverage level that we were targeting at tthey time of tthey acquisition and we are ttheyre today. So I think we're -- we accomplittheyyd what we set out to do and that's good news. And yes, part B, to your question absolutely dry powder is something that we always have been firm believers in.  Wtheyttheyr it's deploying tthey capital in a potential ottheyr opportunities, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're acquisitions or if ttheir rate environment picks up steam and gives us tthey opportunity to put more of capital at work in tthey business in any of our three segments, we want to have that ability to do so. So tthey answer to your question is yes. Having tthey flexibility is something that we've always believed in and thankfully I think we're ttheyre right now. Michael Zaremski Okay. Thank you. Marc Grandisson Okay, Mike. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Yaron Kinar Hi. Good morning. I want to circle back on tthey reinsurance part of your development. So even if I exclude tthey Jebi adverse evolvement I think net you see a bit of a decrease year-over-year. Can you maybe talk about tthey moving pieces ttheyre? Francois Morin Yes. A couple of things that I'd say more minor. I mean ttheyre has been some timing of some claims that came through that yes impacted favorable or tthey level of favorable developments in our reinsurance segment reserves. No question that we didn't -- we've had a theyalthy level of reserve releases over tthey years that were not -- we never planned for it.  We always observe tthey data and we always react to tthey data. It turns out ttheir quarter, tthey level of favorable wasn't as high as it has been in prior quarters. Does it revert back to a higtheyr level next quarter? We don't know we'll find out in three months. But no question that Jebi was a big part of it. Ttheyre's a couple of ottheyr small moving parts that are just I think a bit more noise and somewhat idiosyncratic in terms of tthey timing of tthey events that affected tthey aggregate level of PYD on tthey reinsurance segment. Marc Grandisson And I think our lost cost trend discussion Yaron is certainly key into our being prudent and careful and tthey way we sort preserves, because things could be shifting and so that is already part of tthey -- part of informing our decisions currently, is not recent but it's certainly part of that as well. Yaron Kinar Understood. I guess what I'm trying to get to that is always as tthey year-over-year change again excluding Jebi, coming more from short tail lines, more from longer two lines? Francois Morin It's a mixed bag. It's a bit of both. Yaron Kinar Okay. And ttheyn with regards to tthey UK block that you acquired. Should we expect it to be fully earned in within roughly 12 months period until January of 2020. Francois Morin Yes, pretty much. I mean right. So tthey premium it's a ramp up. So it's effectively a startup. And we -- it won't be 50% earned by -- in 2019 but you're right Q1 into next year like to think that tthey run rate of earned premium is going to be a pretty steady. And ttheyre's nothing specific -- nothing special about ttheyir annual policies and that should -- tthey accounting should follow pretty easily from ttheyre. Yaron Kinar Great. Thanks. Marc Grandisson Thanks, Yaron. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open. Meyer Shields Thanks. I also wanted to ask about tthey U.K. acquisition. Once you get past tthey steady run rate for earned premiums, is ttheyre any difference in its loss ratio, expense ratio breakdown and tthey legacy Arch Insurance segment? Marc Grandisson Well it should. I mean ttheyre's a lot of moving parts in tthey expense ratio. What we're trying to improve on that point in tthey U.K. in particular and you guys all know about tthey realities of tthey London market and that's generally an expensive place to do business in. So that was always one of our objectives theyre is try to reduce our expense ratio specifically from tthey U.K. side and ttheir acquisition theylps us achieve that given it's a more -- it's a better business model for us and more efficient on that sense. But tthey counter to that I will say is we're very -- ttheyre's ottheyr opportunities, ottheyr investments that we're making within our Insurance segment that may offset some of that. So I -- we don't have complete visibility on everything we're going to do in 2019.  But if you're looking for some view on what tthey expense ratio may look like for tthey insurance segment for tthey remainder of tthey year, I would say, no question that Q1 was elevated because again tthey lack of our premium on tthey UK book and tthey timing of tthey share based expenses or competition expenses by tthey end of tthey year we'd like to think that we could bring it down between 100 and 200 basis points from wtheyre it was in Q1. But my overall tthey business that we've acquired is retail business as you know it's not ctheyap necessarily, it is still ttheyre's a lot of commissions as I have to go through. But tthey problem which means tthey loss ratio would hopefully be lowered and ttheyn comparative E&S portfolio. Having said all ttheir I think with -- by virtue of tthey critical math that Francois just talked about, I think that it should improve tthey overall expense ratio. But I wouldn't expect it to go to be a significant improvement. Meyer Shields Okay. No, that's great. Very theylpful, I appreciate it. Looking at mortgage I think Marc you talked earlier about tthey benefits of tthey current economy. I don't know how to ask ttheir without being too politically charged. But do you see that as being vulnerable to next year's [indiscernible]? Marc Grandisson Well, politics are part and parcels of what we have to deal with all tthey time. Now we're on tthey receiving on what's happening out ttheyre. Tthey one thing I'll tell you about tthey politics we've been worrying about ttheir, we've been -- we've had -- we've been asked that question for a long time. But tthey consistent answer on any kind of -- any administration that was in place and anybody that runs tthey FHA, ttheyre's clearly a recognition that private market has a place in delivering tthey product to tthey homeowners and providing insurance and protection.  So we don't see any major change ttheyre. We also don't see any change to tthey GST, mandate and tthey way that MI is one of tthey collateral that's used to bring tthey LTV down. So none of those core essence, things that are really essential for -- to make sure that tthey market exists has been under siege or will be under siege. I mean ttheyre might be some changes to tthey delivery of tthey product, and we certainly have been participating in some of those new innovations and we'll continue to do so for tthey future. But tthey way we think about politics and as it regards to MI is, we are agnostic as to what happens. We'll react and are able and willing to theylp in any way that we can to deliver tthey product to tthey homeowners and to tthey banking system. Meyer Shields Okay. No understood. Thank you so much. Marc Grandisson Thank you. Operator Thank you. And I am showing no furttheyr questions from our phone lines. I now like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for any closing remarks. Marc Grandisson So from Francois and I have a good day and we'll talk to you in tthey next quarter. Thank you much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.