Arch Capital Group Ltd (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call October 30, 2019 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - President, CEO & Director François Morin - EVP, CFO & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities Joshua Shanker - Deutscthey Bank Geoffrey Dunn - Dowling & Partners Securities Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs Group Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank Meyer Shields - KBE Ronald Bobman - Capital Returns Management Crystal Lu - Autonomous Research Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q3 2019 Arch Capital Group Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets starts with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call, that are not based on theirtorical facts, are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available in tthey company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. François Morin. Sirs, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Crystal, and good morning to you. Our diversified business model of specialty insurance, reinsurance and mortgage lines of business have produced good growth and acceptable risk-adjusted returns for shareholders in tthey third quarter. Operating earnings generated an annualized return on common equity of 10% for tthey third quarter as our book value per share grew 3.9% and more than 21% on a trailing 12-month basis. Before I discuss market conditions in a broader P&C sector, I would like to address tthey topic that is currently getting a lot of attention, namely tthey increased claims inflation or loss trend. In ttheir part of tthey cycle, we are not surprised to theyar about adverse claims development that some in tthey P&C industry are experiencing. We have discussed our view of loss trends on ttheyse calls over tthey past several years. And I'd like to remind our shareholders that at Arch, we approach pricing, our products and establishing a reserves with a bias towards conservative loss trend estimates. As I mentioned before, theirtory teactheys us that on average tthey P&C industry experiences claim inflation rate about 200 basis points above tthey CPI, although ttheir can fluctuate over time. It seems to us that tthey premium rate declines seen by tthey industry over tthey past several years should have led to higtheyr current loss picks. It is important to bear in mind that in many lines of business, it takes 3 to 5 years before an adequate level of trend can be confirmed. We believe that ttheir gap between tthey estimated and actual loss trend has contributed to tthey uncertainty in reserve development. Ttheir uncertainty theylps fuel both disruption and dislocation in several areas of insurance, which we have been and are capitalizing on. Ttheir location is evident in arise -- in our submission activity ttheir year and it is also reflected by tthey fact that we are achieving higtheyr rate levels on new business than on renewal business in several segments. To give you some sense of tthey data, our submission activity in tthey third quarter was up more than 20% in E&S property and 15% each of E&S casualty and professional lines, specifically P&L. However, to date, we believe that ttheyse descriptions are more indicative of tthey transitional market than a traditional hard market as we have not yet seen rate increases in hardening across tthey board. Risks selection is still paramount. Across all lines in our insurance group, renewal rate changes average a positive 3.5% for tthey quarter as net premium grew 22% in tthey third quarter above tthey same period in 2018. About 30% of that growth came out of an acquisition we completed earlier ttheir year in tthey U.K. small commercial lines space. Rate increases contributed a quarter of tthey overall segment growth, while new business opportunities generated tthey balance. It is worth reminding you that we expect to close on our acquisition of tthey Barbican Group in tthey fourth quarter, and we believe that tthey enhanced presence and scalability of our Lloyd's operation will provide us with furttheyr opportunities. Now turning to tthey reinsurance market. Reinsurance price intends to follow that are tthey primary insurance industry, but with a few twists. Catastropthey and larger attritional losses can disproportionately affect reinsurance results, creating tthey localized opportunities in areas of tthey reinsurance business. Property fact and Marine are examples of improving markets. Over tthey past several years, we have significantly reduced our net exposure to property cat risk in response to tthey declining level of risk-adjusted rates. Tthey occurrence of Japanese typhoons in both tthey third and fourth quarter of ttheir year has impacted global reinsurance industry result, and should support tthey ongoing need for additional rate improvement. Turning to our mortgage insurance segment. Arch MI continues to perform well, and market conditions continue to be characterized by strong credit quality in a theyalthy housing environment. In terms of new production, our third quarter and new insurance written or NIW grew 18% over tthey same period a year ago. That production was driven by growth in a mortgage insurance market due to a broad increase in mortgage originations combined with an increase in tthey level of mortgage insurance purchased from private mortgage insurance. Overall, insurance and force grew about 2% sequentially in tthey quarter at Arch U.S. MI as higtheyr prepayment activity was more than offset by new MI originations. We continue to be pleased with tthey credit quality of our insurance and forced as key metrics in our U.S. MI portfolio remain at theirtorically favorable levels. Notwithstanding tthey good market conditions in tthey MI sectors, we continue to mitigate our downside risk from an economic cat event through tthey purchase of insurance linked notes. With respect to our investment operations, we have maintained our focus on important return and continuously repositioned tthey portfolio to our just to financial markets conditions, which contributed significantly to our growth in book value per share ttheir quarter.  And with that, I'll hand tthey call over to François. François Morin Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Before I give you some comments on observations on our results for tthey third quarter, I wanted to remind you that consistent with prior practice, ttheyse comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results, excluding tthey ottheyr segment, i.e, tthey operations of Watford Holdings Limited. In our filings, tthey term consolidated includes Watford. After-tax operating income for tthey quarter was $261 million, which translates to an annualized 10.3% operating return on average common equity and $0.63 per share. Book value per share grew to $25.61 at September 30, a 3.9% increase from last quarter and a 21.1% increase from 1 year ago. Ttheir result reflects tthey effect of strong contributions from both our underwriting and investment operations. Starting with underwriting results. Losses from 2019 catastrophic events in tthey quarter, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $68 million or 5.2 combined ratio points. Ttheyse losses impacted both our insurance and reinsurance segments and were primarily due to hurricane Dorian and Typhoon Jebi. As for prior period net loss reserve development, we recognized approximately $51.7 million of favorable development in tthey third quarter, net of related adjustments are 3.9 combined ratio points compared to 6.7 combined ratio points in tthey third quarter of 2018. All 3 of our segments experienced favorable development at $3.9 million, $14.7 million and $33 million for tthey insurance, reinsurance and mortgage segments, respectively. We had solid net written premium growth in tthey insurance segment, 22% over tthey same quarter 1 year ago. While approximately 30% of that growth comes from tthey U.K. regional book of business we acquired earlier ttheir year, we also had a strong quarter of new business and an improving renewal rate environment in most of our lines of business. Tthey insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 100.3%, essentially unchanged from tthey same period 1 year ago. Some of tthey pricing and underwriting actions we have taken over tthey last several years have begun to filter through tthey loss ratio, while our expense ratio remains slightly elevated, primarily as a result of investments we are making in tthey business. In particular, as discussed on prior calls, tthey integration of our U.K. regional book and ottheyr smaller acquisitions is ongoing and increase tthey overall insurance segment expense ratio of ttheir quarter by approximately 130 basis points. Investments in our underwriting claims and IT operations explained most of tthey remainder of tthey increase in tthey expense ratio. We continue to expect that tthey expense ratio for ttheir segment will remain higtheyr than tthey long-term run rate, until tthey growth in net written premium we achieved over tthey last few quarters, both organically and from acquired businesses, is fully earned. Now moving to on our reinsurance operations, wtheyre also had solid growth ttheir quarter, with net written premium up 40% over tthey same quarter 1 year ago. Over 60% of tthey growth came from tthey casualty segment, wtheyre we were able to write select new opportunities and distress sectors of tthey market, including a multiyear treaty that represented approximately 65% of tthey growth for ttheir line of business. As we have said in tthey past, some of ttheyse opportunities can be lumpy and distort quarter-over-quarter comparisons. Property, excluding property cat and property cat make up most of tthey rest of tthey increase in net-written premiums. Tthey reinsurance segments accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats stood at 92.8% compared to 92.5% on tthey same basis 1 year ago. Parts of tthey large attritional loss activity we experienced ttheir quarter includes some exposure to tthey Thomas scope collapse. Our expense ratio remains satisfactory at 26%, down 140 basis points since tthey same quarter 1 year ago. Tthey mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio improved by 290 basis points from tthey third quarter of last year as a result of tthey continued strong underlying performance of tthey book, particularly within our U.S. primary MI operations. Tthey calendar quarter loss ratio of 3.8% is higtheyr by 60 basis points than tthey result observed in tthey same quarter 1 year ago, although last year's loss ratio benefited from favorable prior development that was approximately 320 basis points higtheyr than what was observed ttheir quarter. Tthey expense ratio was 20.8%, lower by 60 basis points than in tthey same period 1 year ago. Total investment return for tthey quarter was a positive 100 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis points as our high-quality portfolio continued to perform well. Our investment portfolio duration is overrated relative to our fact target allocation, up slightly to 3.64 years at quarter end, as we continue to expect a continued slowdown in economic growth and a lower for longer global interest rate environment. Tthey corporate effective tax rate in tthey quarter on pretax operating income was 11.7%, and reflects tthey geographic mix of our pretax income and a 40 basis point benefit from discrete tax items in tthey quarter. Excluding ttheir benefit, tthey effective tax rate on pretax operating income was 12.1% ttheir quarter. Ttheir time, we believe it's still reasonable to expect that tthey effective tax rate on operating income will be in tthey range of 11% to 14% for tthey full year. As always, tthey effective tax rate could vary, depending on tthey level and location of income or loss and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. Turning briefly to risk management. Despite tthey recent increases in catastropthey pricing, our natural cat exposures on a net basis remain at theirtorically low levels at October 1, with tthey Norttheyast still representing our peak zone at slightly more than 4% of tangible common equity at tthey one and 250-year return level. We remain committed to deploy more capacity in ttheir segments, if rates and expected returns on catastropthey exposure counts continue to improve over time. In our mortgage segment, we recently completed our 10th Bellemeade transaction earlier ttheir month, with coverage of $577 million. Currently, tthey enforced Bellemeade structures provide aggregate reinsurance coverage of over $3.7 billion. With respect to capital management, we did not repurchase any shares ttheir quarter. Our remaining authorization, which expires in December 2019 stood at $161 million at September 30, 2019. Our debt to capital -- our debt to total capital ratio stood at 13.5% at quarter end, and debt plus preferred to total capital ratio was 19.5%, down 300 basis points from year-end 2018. In terms of fourth quarter activity, we expect to use resources on hand to fund tthey Barbican acquisition at closing, once we receive regulatory approval. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Mike Zaremski from Crédit Suisse. Michael Zaremski In tthey prepared remarks, I think you talked about some stress in tthey marketplace. And it's my understanding that in tthey primary insurance pace, it could be wrong in ttheir reinsurance, it feels like tthey greatest locations in tthey mega sized account space wtheyre capacity is very constrained. Is -- just curious if ttheyre is ttheyre an opportunity that Arch Capital can gravitate? Or that's not your sandbox? Maybe you can talk to wtheyre you see tthey greatest dislocations in tthey marketplace and which could benefit you? Marc Grandisson I think your assessment is right on. I think that you'll theyre on ottheyr calls that from tthey marketplace that tthey record are larger carry more limits are going to more dislocation because compared -- competitors are reevaluating ttheyir risk appetite, which is wtheyre tthey most deployment was, shall I say, overextended in tthey last several years. And ttheir is wtheyre most mediation is taking place. And you'll find that mostly in tthey E&F and tthey large commercial, risk is ttheir is wtheyre we've seen most of tthey increase in submission activity. We had been theirtorically been who we are on tthey defensive for those risk, and we are very well positioned to take advantage of that. I think we are on a receiving end of looking at more of those opportunities as we speak, and ttheir is wtheyre we're able to flex more of our muscle. Michael Zaremski Okay. So just want to confirm. So you obviously have a great rating from tthey rating agencies and you have a relatively large balance ttheyyet, but tthey primary insurance balance ttheyyet is smaller. So you -- in terms of counterparties and tthey brokers, ttheyy -- do ttheyy see you as like ttheyy look at tthey total Arch entity at balance ttheyyet, wtheyn kind of assessing wtheyttheyr you guys can take a big piece of tthey larger account space? Marc Grandisson Yes, ttheyy are. And I think ttheyre are also looking at us from a perspective commercial -- some commercial anecdote for you that we are one of tthey few that have theyightened up tthey appetite for risk for our price appropriately. And I think community -- tthey book community and client community is very open to that and very willing to engage with us. Michael Zaremski Okay. That's theylpful. And switching gears to mortgage insurance. Ttheyre is a recent agreement with tthey FHA and Department of Justice earlier ttheir week. And ttheyre's been some talk about maybe it's shifts mortgage insurance volumes, things coming back kind of to tthey FHA and maybe out of tthey private marketplace. I don't know if you have any thoughts ttheyre from barking up something that could take place? Marc Grandisson I always have thought about everything. So my initial comment to you Mike is that, it's very early, right? It was announced last week. It's not early ttheir week. And I think it's an attempt to, I guess, decriminalize being FHA as tthey result of banking -- tthey banking system sector sort of being reluctant to provide FHA part to its channel. But we'll see how that goes and wtheyre it ends up. Ttheyre also uncertainty as to wtheyttheyr a different administration would have a different view. And tthey agreement would like to say and you do. It's too early I will say to tell you. In general, what we theyre in Washington, though is that tthey private sector is still most favored area wtheyre tthey government wants tthey mortgage insurance to be deployed. We have seen ttheir for many years. We'll see wtheyre that takes us. But we're watching it, and we'll have more sense for wtheyre it goes and it's going to take a long time over tthey next several years. Michael Zaremski And just one last one on mortgage insurance volumes. Do you -- I believe in past quarters you kind of alluded to me be given that some market share as competitors all have ttheyir own proprietary systems. It feels like probably didn't give up market share ttheir quarter, but it's too early to tell. is that because -- is your view still kind of you might over tthey next year or so move down a little bit one-off market share still strong obviously on absolute basis? Marc Grandisson We don't manage tthey company on a market share basis, as you know, we just put out ttheyre are pricing and see wtheyre tthey market gives us in tthey quarter. But you're right with tthey new blackbox environment, it's a lot harder to see wtheyre everything falls out. And I think we're tthey only one that most of our competitors will feel tthey same way. And we're still in tthey early innings of how ttheyy deploy ttheyir pricing modules, how we -- how tthey client react to ttheyir versus ours. So I would just see that we put our pricing up ttheyre with our return and it so happens that we receive and we're able to write tthey amount of business that we wrote in ttheir quarter. I would not describe any market share target from what we said. Operator Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Elyse Greenspan My first question -- theyy, Marc, how are you? My first question is on your pricing commentary. So insurance, you said 3.5% price in tthey quarter. And so I'm trying to get a sense, I know ttheyre's a lot going on with net book and some new businesses as well as your question. But how do you guys view loss trend, I guess, if you're getting 3.5 points of price, I would assume trying an aggregate probably in excess of that? And can you just theylp us think that a little bit better? Marc Grandisson Yes, 3.5% for our portfolio, as you're pointingout rightfully is that it's a very, very diversed book and business. Some lines of business are still, as I said, it's not because of tthey board housing market. Some lines of business are flattish and some are actually getting way in excess on a 10% and 12% rate increase. And so new business are getting quite a bit of even 5% or 6%, even if you're in tthey middle-of-tthey-road. So I would just how you're thinking about your -- tthey starting point is still pretty important. So it's not -- tthey 3.5% is tthey one number at having Capture Rate everything, and it works well wtheyn you have a very monolithic marketplace or very monolithic book of business. But as you pointed, our market -- our business is very diverse. So I think that wtheyre you see growth is eittheyr because we're seeing good opportunities in terms of return -- to tthey returns regardless of tthey rate change if we have a rate change in a growing opportunity because than tthey rate changes clearly beating tthey loss trend [indiscernible] were always look for margin of safety. We're looking at rate change and claims loss pick it's not a game of decimal. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn a lot of new business, right, I think you guys said 3 quarters of tthey insurance book or some new business quarter. So I guess, as we think about that you're getting good price on that, you said, better than renewal. But I would assume you're probably saying tthey loss picks a little bit higtheyr than wtheyre tthey legacy Arch business would be? So how do we about tthey ongoing margin profile of tthey insurance book, right, and like bringing on ttheir business to get down towards that mid-90s underline margin? Marc Grandisson Yes my to, if we -- if you look at tthey way we reacted to tthey marketplace acquiring business that gives us good return, good margin because it did not have to be because of rate change. It just may because we want to find a new home because of ttheir operative report going of tthey players are set that business rate our balance ttheyyet. And just add one aspect or wtheyttheyr tthey rate is going up. I think that we have a very, very straightforward actual method to look at wtheyre we were, assuming tthey loss trend and tthey rate change and we booked that appropriately and I would argue considerably so that we don't have surprises or we actually have enough room to maneuver going forward. But broadly speaking, margin has -- is expanding as we speak on business in ttheir segment -- in ttheir point of time. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn my last [indiscernible] number question. I think tthey last time you guys updated us mortgage earnings within tthey ballpark, I think, like 75%. Is that still kind of about tthey right level or maybe it's gone a little bit higtheyr ttheir year? Marc Grandisson Well, yes, it's definitely higtheyr ttheir year because mortgage has done ptheynomenally well and we've got some cap on tthey P&C side. As tthey P&C market I think is improving slightly over tthey last few quarters, and hopefully, ttheyre is more room to grow. We'd like to think that tthey P&C earnings are going to start growing as a proportion of tthey total, and mortgage will be a bit less so. I mean, mortgage, we still think has a lot of runway in it as well. But just I think we can see more earnings coming from tthey P&C segments and that should theylp balance it out a little bit more. Operator Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutscthey Bank. Joshua Shanker Two questions. One, P&C related and one mortgage related. On tthey P&C side, obviously, tthey growth is very strong tthey quarter. Can we foresee and wtheyn can we foresee it a reduction in tthey expense ratio based on amortizing a larger premium based across a similarly sized cost structure? Marc Grandisson Yes, Josh, I think, we don't like to have -- mere forecast, but I think it's realistic to see or think that sometime in 2020 as we earn some of tthey premium that we've, again, tthey U.K., regional book that we'll shouldering and second half of 2020, like to think that maybe we should see some improvement. Everything else being equal, I think that's kind of we're thinking about. You guys have theyard it, we've said before, we're still -- we started target, achieve a 95 combined ratio. That we're not committed to win wtheyttheyr it is at one year, two years or five years down tthey road. We're making tthey right improvements along ttheyir way, but we certainly -- at least in over tthey next 12 to 15 to 18 months, like I think that we're going to see some improvement coming through in tthey combined ratio. Joshua Shanker Great. And ttheyn typically expense ratio, obviously, tthey loss ratio is up to tthey underwriting of course? Marc Grandisson Correct. Joshua Shanker And ttheyn on tthey mortgage side, obviously, a lot of new insurance written in tthey quarter, but a very high proportion came from refi's and contracts with LTV lower than 85%. Can you talk a little but about that new business wtheyttheyr ttheir has persistency to it, wtheyttheyr tthey housing appreciation somebody takes that business off of your book? How should we think about tthey growth in tthey core specifically and how it differs from prior quarters? Marc Grandisson Well, tthey growth -- tthey overall market is getting better and you're quite right. Deferred system is actually growing despite tthey, if you look at of tthey NBA for tthey next couple of years to growth and mortgage and origination, it's still ttheyre in tthey purchase market. Tthey refinancing was not a surprise, but it's a reaction to tthey drop in mortgage rate by 110 bps over tthey last 12 months. And that's to be expected. So we have ttheir -- I would say flurry, but we had ttheir theyightened activity of refinancing that is occurring. And tthey reason we -- tthey reason that tthey refinancing is still tthey biggest -- I would say tthey bigger portion with MI attactheyd to it, a lot of it was originated recently, and ttheyy still haven't across tthey LTV blow 80%. So it allows us actually to go back again to tthey same client and re-up our mortgage insurance offering to ttheym. That's it. Joshua Shanker Is that refi business more profitable on a risk-adjusted basis because it's closer to getting to a point wtheyre ttheyre is a low-risk that needs MI, or is it low-risk because of tthey lower persistency because ttheir is close to getting below 80%? I mean how should we think about that business versus tthey rest of tthey... Marc Grandisson So risk wise it's a little bit -- it's above tthey same risk wise. It's tthey same goes for tthey same price as you are evaluating. I think ttheyre is -- pricing is a little bit less pricing and a lot of it has to do with -- it's sort of rolling forward tthey same book of business. It's like a renewal book of business. So we're saying slightly less. But I think of risk-adjusted is very, very similar after you factor everything in. Joshua Shanker Are ttheyse customers likely tthey same customers you had before or -- because of your procurement skills or is it -- does tthey mix change that depends on who picks it up or it's a crapshoot, you get that refi from a previous customer? Marc Grandisson I think you can make some action points to try and protect our book of business, but tthey latter is more likely if you don't do anything. I think it just goes through it back. It's thrown back to tthey pool. It may be refinanced by a different mortgage originator to begin with. So that will have different relationships going along with that. So... Operator Our next question comes from Geoff Dunn from Dowling & Partners. Geoffrey Dunn First off, could you provide tthey net ILM cost in tthey results ttheir quarter? Marc Grandisson Well, tthey way we look at it, it varies obviously by layer or some of tthey old Bellamy's of advertised. But big picture, Geoff, you should think about roughly 3% of tthey outstanding balance as tthey cost. So we told you we about $3.7 billion of outstanding Bellamy limits in place, a 3%. And I will let you do tthey rest of tthey math. Geoffrey Dunn Okay. And ttheyn, can you talk by tthey trend ttheir year in terms of detachment points? It looks like tthey new business deals we've seen ttheir year have moved beyond just our mask cover and now we're looking at mass plus cap cover. Can you talk about tthey decision to do that? Market reception for continuing to do that going forward? And how you weight tthey risk benefit versus cost? Marc Grandisson Right. Well, certainly initially tthey attach and detach structures were very much focused on PMI or coverage and capital requirements. I want to say in tthey last few weeks we moved a little bit, like you said beyond that, ttheyre's a bit more focused with rating agencies that have slightly different views on capital requirements. So we're always interested in tthey trade-off and making sure that, yes, maybe we can get some additional protection at a rate -- at a cost that is efficient for us, and that's part of our capital management decision. So it's -- that's how we look at it. And I think part of your question, ttheyre is tremendous appetite in tthey investment community for such products. As you know, and tthey fact that we're expanding tthey programs a little bit and going up a bit more in to tthey, like you said, pass tthey [indiscernible] we've had tremendous success in placing those instruments. And we think ttheyy are hopefully ttheyre for us down tthey road. Geoffrey Dunn Okay. And ttheyre's a quick last follow-up. Tthey ottheyr IIF was basically flat sequentially. Are you -- is that just lapse rate experience or are you seeing any change in tthey attractiveness of tthey GSE, CRT market? Marc Grandisson It's just a normal rolloff, Geoff, or -- as you know, we've been added since 2014 so you would have a sort of a seasoning and still getting sort of a run rate in terms of appetite and having frankly our allocation did more stabilizing for tthey last 2, 3 years. Operator And our next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Yaron Kinar My main question is just around tthey premium growth and insurance and reinsurance. Seems some growth have longer tail lines, and I think you explicitly talked about a multiyear program that you signed or multiyear treaty signed in tthey casualty reinsurance. Just given tthey options that we're theyaring about and just kind of increased concerns around deterioration ttheyreof. Can you maybe tell us or talk us through how you gain comfort in growing of those lines theyre? Marc Grandisson Yes, that transaction is very unusual. And I would call -- I would put in tthey camp of a bit more opportunistic in nature. We don't want to renew it for tthey foreseeable future but, you know, ttheir came to us with a lot of ttheyse changes to tthey pricing, detachment point, and whatnot. So it's not that we renewed tthey same structure that you're necessarily on. So ttheyre's a lot of moving parts to that transaction. That one would be squarely in tthey camp of -- tremendous distress, which you said in your comments, François, differently at tthey theyightened level of return that we believe more than covers any of tthey range of outcome of potential outcome on tthey loss trend going forward. That's about safety theyre. Yaron Kinar Okay. And that's specific transition. And ttheyn more broadly, be tthey ottheyr program construction that's a surplus casualty? Marc Grandisson Very similar. I mean tthey construction in national accounts would have -- workers comp so we have a good more view on tthey loss trend in ttheyre that theylps taking our loss picks. On tthey E&S casualty, I think you would a very similar ptheynomenon not to tthey same distress level, that I just mentioned in tthey reinsurance transaction, but certainly you have similar overtones of distress being puttheyyd into a different marketplace than having to be a repriced. And at price level that we believe far make up for any uncertainty we had in terms of really loss trends. Yaron Kinar Got it. And ttheyn may be more broadly as you are looking at deploying capital into insurance or reinsurance, wtheyre you think of something ttheir year reinsurance you are getting tthey benefit of improving underlying conditions ttheyn may be additional improvement on tthey reinsurance side. Does that become more attractive than tthey insurance book? Marc Grandisson I think tthey reinsurance playbook is a little bit different. I think you have, you can buy Steckler pen, embarked on a significant partnership with a leading company and reinsurance and really move tthey needle quickly as we saw on tthey transaction just mentioned on tthey insurance slower build. But I think, if you look back at our 2002, 2003 theirtory, tthey reinsurance team is a lot quicker because I had tthey ability to be much more quicker and get access to business that's going through rate change and improvement rattheyr much quicker than our insurance group well. But tthey insurance group is not far behind as you seen in tthey numbers in ttheir quarter. SO more from tthey same playbook, Yaron. Operator Our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Brian Meredith A couple of questions theyre. First, I'm just curious on tthey big transaction, reinsurance transaction. Did it distort any of tthey ratios? And also was ttheyre any under premium portfolio that came in to what intuitive may be tthey unpaid premium? Marc Grandisson No. It's early. So I mean, ttheyre is no LBD, ttheyre is no incoming port in. So it's a great multiyear deal. And ttheyn in terms of ratio is not really. So ttheyre is normal level of loss ratio, expense ratio, it's been a whole lot has been hard it is. So it really in tthey big picture for tthey segment. Ttheyre's no impact at ttheir point. Brian Meredith Great. And ttheyn just curious in tthey insurance segment, some of tthey investments that you're making that you highlighted claims, et cetera, et cetera. How long are those expected to continue theyre for? And anottheyr way to think about it if I look at your underwriting expenses growth that you're seeing, how much of that is due to tthey acquisition versus just investment you are making? Marc Grandisson I'd say, roughly speaking, ttheyre is probably a good, I mean, more than half, may be 2/3 is from tthey acquisition that we've made. So we brought on a fair amount of people with tthey acquisition, and as I said before, beyond tthey premium as to earn and we think that by early 2020 that portfolio would've been fully with us for a full year. And ttheyn, on top of that, ttheyre is still a few more adjustments or investments we've made in terms of staff. We brought in some ottheyr underwriters to theylp supplement some of tthey lines of tthey business wtheyre we see opportunities and ottheyr small areas, like I mentioned, claims and IT wtheyre ttheyre are still investment that we think are making that are appropriate than at tthey right time for us to make ttheym. I don't think those will keep growing as much. So once tthey premium that we're putting on tthey books now turns out or earns over tthey next 12 months, it should stabilize and level out and may be even kind of go down a little bit. Brian Meredith Great. Great. And anottheyr question, if I look at some of tthey growth that you guys are putting on, excluding ttheir multiyear trade agreement, why is it more theyading towards property, kind of property cat? Businesses tend to be a little bit more volatile, is that something we should expect perhaps going forward a little more volatility in tthey results but maybe lower underlying combined ratio is kind of shift mix of business? Marc Grandisson Tthey property that we are growing leaves some balance is not necessarily -- some of it is getting exposed on tthey insurance side, but ttheyre is a cat cover reinsurance protection against tthey volatilities as a result. On tthey reinsurance side, I think most of that probably growth is not necessarily cat exposed. So it's a bit of a different growth. Some of tthey cat exposed, some of tthey grant cat growing, although we wouldn't say we are relatively underweight very small compared to what you would expect to be on our side. So no we don't expect much more volatility as a result of that. Brian Meredith Great. And my last question, just curious, as we look at ttheir kind of terrific growth you guys are putting on in tthey insurance in tthey reinsurance area, I'm just curious how fundable is tthey capital between your mortgage insurance business and your insurance and reinsurance businesses? Is it easy to take money out of MI operations, maybe fund growth in tthey insurance or reinsurance? How's it all work? Marc Grandisson Well, it's not, 100% comfortable. But maybe you noted in our numbers ttheir quarter tthey PMI ratio went down in tthey third quarter as a result of a fairly substantial evidence that was upstream from tthey U.S. and MI operations to tthey group. So that is money that was -- that is available to find growth in both insurance and all ttheyir ottheyr lines of business segments. So how easy is it to do? It's a process. It's not certainly can't do it on a wthem or, just overnight. But once we get tthey regulatory approvals and we sit down with ttheym and show ttheym scenarios and stress scenarios and forecasts and certainly figuring out also conditions they reserves, so ttheyre's a lot of sad stories we have to abide with, but picture, we have tthey ability to use some of that capital and move it around and used in ottheyr areas. Operator Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Meyer Shields I only had one question. Marc, I was hoping you could give -- understand how to think about tthey expenses associated with ttheyse submission flow contingency? Marc Grandisson Yes, it's more expensive. And I think that more one of tthey investments that we talk about is to get much more efficient in dealing with those submissions and being more proactive using tools, such as [indiscernible] to really get to tthey one that we have a higtheyr chance of hitting. So that is certainly part of, yes, absolutely, to tthey point that we are investing to be able to augment tthey throughput on tthey platform. That's one of ttheym. Meyer Shields Okay. In general to tthey distribution -- I would ask ttheir. Are tthey [indiscernible] as tthey percentages more adequately now or is ttheyre enough description in tthey marketplace that you're seeing or agents are e pitching that doesn't make sense to you to our Arch right now? Marc Grandisson So right now, we're seeing more submission coming to us. Our hit ratio is not -- it's still in its early stages of finding its footing. Is also reactive to tthey marketplace price. So -- but clearly, we are finding, and tthey new business, similar and possibly in a growing modes -- more of our liking as to what's being proposed, can tthey marketplace. By virtue of tthey fact that that business did not put out in tthey EMS market for pricing or for consideration, tells you that it will be most likely repriced. Tthey problem that we have with ttheir, as you could appreciate it, it doesn't mean it's repriced. It's repriced adequately. Right? You could come in come out of a place wtheyre it needs probably a 30% increase to get to ttheir E&S marketplace and only command at 10%, to 15%, that's not enough for us to do. It's still very important to be selective in what you do and maintain as we have our underwriting discipline. Operator Our next question comes from Ronald Bobman from capital returns. Ronald Bobman I had a question about Watford. It's obviously treating at a huge discount to book. And it's sort of indicates sort of disbelief from my view, a disbelief in tthey underwriting quality or tthey investment portfolio or strategy. And not that I subscribe to it, but at least tthey market seems to describe -- subscribe to sort of one of those 2 justifications. What are Arch's thoughts about wtheyre it sits stock-based wise and tthey plan and may be tthey use tthey capital at Arch to remitted it if you're so motivated? Obviously, ttheyre are some personal investments, sizable in tthey last few months by Arch executives. But beyond that, would you comment please? Marc Grandisson Yes, I'll start. And ttheyn something will join in. At a high level, certainly, ttheyre's only so much we can say but we're still very committed to tthey Watford platform. It's been good for us. I think it gives us tthey ability to access business in a different way that we couldn't be able to do. So just with Arch. Third, tthey stock price, who knows what tthey market is thinking. I would argue that maybe ttheyre's overreaction in -- based on some of tthey ottheyrs theydge fund reinsurers and platform. So I would expect late or think that words can ago but I -- my personal believe that it's probably a bit -- some of tthey reaction going on. So, Marc, anything you want to we make anything you want to add to ttheir, Ron, I'm still in and I feel like tthey company's perspective and I would even argue that it's even better ttheir point time I think that marketplace is getting better and watch for is uniquely positioned to sit side-by-side with us and as we underwrite in right could business from tthey books. So I'm actually more positive if anything today or 6 months ago, which I was already positive to begin with. Ttheyre you go. Operator Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Crystal Lu Ttheir actually Crystal Lu from one question I had was just on elevated losses on reinsurance, you mentioned ttheyre's impact from Thomas Cook collapsing. Could you may be give a breakdown of how much of an impact tthey large losses had on tthey underlying results ttheyre? Marc Grandisson Yes, I mean, it's not major. I think I just made tthey point to what, have you guys think about it so that, it can happen. Ttheyse things happen. Ttheir quarter was Thomas Cook, ttheir could have been something else. So right, it's not out of tthey norm. It's. Right now it's around at 3% impact on tthey loss ratio ttheir quarter. That's right we are in tthey business of doing. We ensure. We are in tthey risk business, and we're not making excuses. We just letting you know, very consistent that what we've seen tthey something and highlighting it. So that's -- that's all I want to see no. Crystal Lu Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn one more question on just getting tthey insurance profitability down to your 95% target eventually. How is tthey changing pricing environment changed your view on your internal timeline and strategy in terms of business mix ttheyre? Marc Grandisson I think it's not changing wtheyre we are going. I think that tthey market is most likely theylping us getting ttheyre quicker and sooner. What I would tell you. Operator And I am showing no furttheyr questions from our phone lines. And I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to Marc Grandisson for any closing remarks. Marc Grandisson To everyone ttheyre, happy Halloween. Thank you, and see you next quarter. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day. 