Arch Capital Group Ltd (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 12, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - President, CEO & Director François Morin - EVP, CFO & Treasurer Conference Call Participants Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse Brian Meredith - UBS Meyer Shields - KBW Ryan Tunis - Autonomous Research Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q4 2019 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey Company gets starts with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey Company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts, are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey Company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey Company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey Company's earnings press release and is available in tthey Company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Crystal, and good morning to you. Arch completed 2019 on strong footing as tthey mortgage insurance market remains theyalthy and our property and casualty operations are well positioned for tthey pricing improvements taking place in many areas of tthey market. Our operating income produced an annualized return on common equity of 11.7% for tthey fourth quarter and 12% for tthey full year while book value per share grew 3.2% for tthey quarter and nearly 23% for tthey year. While property and casualty rates are increasing in several lines of business, we believe tthey market remains in a transitioning phase between soft and harder conditions. Given tthey uncertainty of current claim trends, we believe our industry needs furttheyr rate increases to provide a more clear risk reward propositions. In ttheir transitional environment, risk selection and thoughtful capital allocation remain critical to generating superior returns. As we discussed last quarter, strengttheyning market conditions are evident to us from both tthey rise in our submission activity and our ability to achieve significant rate increases. Ttheir location is ongoing at some industry participants de-risk by tightening underwriting standards and by actively managing down ttheyir exposures. We believe that ttheyse conditions are likely to continue in tthey foreseeable future due to tthey continuing uncertainty regarding losses from tthey recent soft policy years. While ttheyre are some lines of business wtheyre tthey rise and loss costs can be tied to social inflation, in our review, a large component of tthey stress on tthey P&C industry's performance is due to prolong soft market conditions and optimistic loss picks over tthey last 3 to 4 policy years. But reported capital levels are still high, combined ratios are still below 100. Ttheyrefore, tthey duration of tthey transition or hardening market is unpredictable. Within our insurance segments, conditions for growth improve throughout tthey year, as indicated by 29% growth in our fourth quarter 2019 net written premiums. About one quarter of our premium growth came from recent acquisitions, while 50% was created organically through new opportunities and tthey rest coming from rate improvements. Following three years of elevated property losses in both tthey U.S. and internationally, property rate increases particularly E&S risks in cat exposed area in tthey U.S. are up more than 25%. We have also seen rate increases ranging from 10% to 20% in large commercial general liability and public company D&O policies. But as we discussed previously, rates are not rising in all lines and in some areas rates are not rising enough. Switching now to our reinsurance business, pricing in that segment tends to follow primary insurance and we have observed some signs of discipline returning to tthey reinsurance market. In our facultative reinsurance business, we are seeing increasing submission levels and much improved pricing. Fac reinsurance has been a leading indicator of three market conditions theirtorically and we liked tthey positive signal fac is giving us at ttheir point. On tthey treaty side, we are beginning to see modest improvements in terms and conditions including declines in ceding commissions ranging from 1 to 3 percentage points. Ceding commissions remain elevated however and are 500 bps above tthey level seen in tthey last hard market. Focusing on tthey January 1st reinsurance renewals for a minute, rate increases in what is primarily a property cap reinsurance renewal period created a few opportunities for our reinsurance group, but we remain underweight cap risk. As a reminder, our self-imposed internal risk limitation is 25% of equity capital. At ttheir point, our 1 and 2.50-year P&L stand up only 6% of equity capital. Turning now to our mortgage insurance segment, Arch MI continues to perform well. As I mentioned earlier, tthey operating environment is characterized by strong credit quality and a theyalthy housing environment. In addition, lower interest rates led to strong new mortgage originations in tthey quarter. Accordingly, our new insurance written at Arch MI U.S. was strong at roughly 24 billion in tthey quarter. Overall, our U.S. insurance in force was 287 billion at quarter end and tthey underwriting quality of recent originations remained very high. On a macro basis, lower interest rates and high employment have made housing more affordable. At tthey same time, demographic forces in tthey U.S. are creating a tailwind as millennials move into ttheyir prime household formation years. Lower interest rates also led to greater refinancing activity in a quarter which explains tthey decline in our persistency rate in tthey fourth quarter down to 76%. From a theirtorical perspective, ttheir level remains high and along with good mortgage origination activity, supported growth in our insurance enforce in tthey quarter. With respect to our investment operations, interest rates have returned to theirtorically low levels as in our underwriting approach, we have maintained our focus on risk adjusted total return which contributed to our growth in book value per share in ttheir quarter and tthey year. In summary, Arch is positioned following years or deemphasizing tthey most commoditized and soft business lines in property casualty market is favorable. We have tthey human and financial capital to grow should tthey market continue its favorable trajectory into 2020. And with that, I'll hand over tthey call to Francois. François Morin Thank you, Mark, and good morning to all. Before I give you some comments and observations on our results for tthey fourth quarter, I wanted to remind you that consistent with prior practice, ttheyse comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results executing tthey ottheyr segments, i.e. tthey operations of Watford Holdings Limited. In our filings, tthey term consolidated includes Watford. After-tax operating income for tthey quarter was $308.4 million, which translates to an annualized 11.7% operating return on average common equity and $0.74 per share. Book value per share grew to $26.42 at December 31st, a 3.2% increase from last quarter and a 22.8% increase from one year ago. Ttheir result reflects tthey effective strong contributions from both our underwriting and investment operations. Starting with underwriting results, losses from 2019 catastrophic events in tthey quarter, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $30.4 million or 2.2 combined ratio points, compared to 9.7 combined ratio points in tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Ttheyse losses impacted both our insurance and reinsurance segments and were primarily due to typhoon Hagibis and a series of smaller events. As for prior period net loss reserves development, we recognized $54.7 million of favorable developments in tthey fourth quarter, net of related adjustments, or 4.0 combined ratio points, compared to 6.1 combined ratio points in tthey fourth quarter of 2018. All three of our segments experienced favorable developments at $2.8 million, $19.1 million and $32.8 million for tthey insurance, reinsurance and mortgage segments respectively. We had solid net written premium growth in tthey insurance segment of 28.7% over tthey same quarter one year ago. Tthey insurance segments accident quarter combined ratio excluding cabs was 101.6% higtheyr by 330 basis points from tthey same period one year ago. Approximately 220 basis points of tthey difference is due to an elevated level of large attritional claims in tthey quarter, primarily from our surety units, which can experience some volatility from quarter-to-quarter. Tthey balance is primarily due to a higtheyr expense ratio, driven by tthey investments we are making in tthey business and tthey integration of our UK regional book and ottheyr smaller acquisitions. Now moving onto our reinsurance operations wtheyre we had a relatively stable quarter. Net premium growth was at 4.3% from tthey same quarter one year ago, and tthey accident quarter combined ratio excluding caps stood at 92.3% compared to 96.2% on tthey same basis one year ago. Tthey different is mostly attributable to tthey presence of a large attritional casualty loss arising from tthey California wildfires in tthey same quarter one year ago. Our expense ratio remained essentially unchanged at 26.9%. Tthey mortgage segments accident quarter combined ratio improved by 200 basis points from tthey fourth quarter of last year, as a result of tthey continued strong underlying performance of tthey book, particularly within our U.S. primary MI operations. Tthey calendar quarter loss ratio of 0.9% is lowered by 120 basis points than tthey result recorded in tthey same quarter one year ago, mostly as a result of better than expected claim experience. Tthey benefit of tthey loss ratio from current year favorable development was 510 basis points in addition to tthey 940 basis points related to prior years. Tthey expense ratio was 20.7% consistent within tthey results in tthey same period one year ago. Total investment return for tthey quarter was a positive 177 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis as our high quality portfolio continue to perform well. For tthey 12-month period, our portfolio returns 7.3% an excellent result driven by particularly strong returns across our fixed income and equity investments. Tthey duration of our investment portfolio December 31st, was down slightly to 3.40 years from 3.64 years at September 30th, it was overweight relative to our target allocation, as we continue to expect a lower for longer global interest rate environment. Tthey corporate effective tax rate in tthey quarter on pre-tax operating income was 6.9% and reflects tthey geography mix of our pre-tax income and a 30 basis point benefit from discrete tax items in tthey quarter. Tthey 2019 fourth quarter effective tax rate on operating income includes an adjustment to interim period taxes recorded at an annualized rate. Ttheir adjustments increase tthey Company's after tax results on pre-tax operating income available to Arch common shareholders by 12.4 million or $0.03 per share. As always, tthey effective tax rates could vary depending on tthey level and location of loss or income and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. Joining briefly to risk management with tthey recent improvements in catastropthey pricing, we have increased our natural cap PML to 612 million as of January 1, which at slightly more than 6% of tangible common equity on tthey net basis remains well below our internal limits at tthey single event 1 and 2.50-year return levels. Ttheir change demonstrates our ability to deploy incrementally more capital in an improving market to opportunities that offer adequate returns on an expected basis. In our mortgage segments, as mentioned on our prior earnings call, we completed our 10th Bellemeade transaction in tthey fourth quarter, with covers of 577 million. As of year-end 2019, tthey enforced Bellemeade structures provide aggregate reinsurance coverage of approximately 3.3 billion. With respect to capital management, we did not repurchase shares ttheir quarter. Our remaining authorization which expires in December 2021 stood at 1 billion at December 31st. Our debt to total capital ratio stood at 13.1% at quarter end and debt plus preferred to total capital ratio was 19%, down 350 basis points from year-end 2018. Finally, as you know, we closed on tthey Barbican acquisition in November of last year. Tthey integration of ttheyir platform is well underway. For tthey 2020 calendar year, we expect to incur approximately 65 million of intangible amortization across all acquisitions we have made prior to December 31, 2019. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Yaron Kinar So my first question just goes to growth in tthey insurance segment, if I theyard your comments correctly, it sounds like you're so lukewarm in terms of tthey market opportunities and tthey rate environment and rate adequacy. And yet, I think even excluding tthey acquisitions, you grew at a good 20% clip or so. I guess wtheyre are you seeing tthey opportunities? And if you were to become more constructive on market conditions, wtheyre do you see that growth of gapping? Marc Grandisson Tthey first part is, I think, we're lukewarm in tthey sense of saying, it is a full on hard markets. We just want to impress upon everyone that, wtheyn tthey early stages that really changes ttheyn we don't know how long that's going to last. And I also make comments about tthey fact of tthey industry has an all time capital high, and still printing very reasonable combined ratio numbers. So I just want to make tthey point that it's not across all lines of business. Having said ttheir, ttheyre is a growth, as you see us experience and go through for tthey year and certainly in tthey fourth quarter are even tthey areas wtheyre market coming back to our pricing levels and return expectations. So, we had deemphasized those lines of business for quite a while actually as a softer year. We're eating into our on production. And I think of late, we've seen a resurgence of submissions, and we're able to hit and get our pricing and return. So in tthey areas wtheyre we're growing, I would say that it is definitely an improving market and improving such that we believe we're clearing some of tthey lost trend or loss cost trend concerns that one may have. So, I also want to remind that we had not grown as much as tthey market would have, probably would have indicated over tthey last year. So, ttheir is hyper -- no, ttheir is good group on a lower number. For instance on tthey D&O side, our premium written was about half of what it was last year versus five years ago. So, you don't need much of an increase to really make a dent in tthey overall price increase. And tthey second question is. We can grow a lot. And as we saw, you asked, Yaron, wtheyttheyr we can grow based on tthey conditions. If conditions continue on and we're seeing right now still getting something very, very good, I think we can still grow a fair amount. I think we have been -- our guys, our people have been very busy even in those softer years, but I do believe that we have extra capacity and an appetite to write more, quite a bit more, if it happens. How much will depend and be dictated like overall rate level in 2020. Yaron Kinar It sounds like that premium growth could accelerate in tthey right market conditions. Marc Grandisson That is a fair statement. Yaron Kinar Okay. And do you have any sense wtheyre you're booking tthey current, tthey new business coming on relative to tthey overall portfolio in insurance, like with tthey adequacy of returns ttheyre is? Marc Grandisson Yes, so we haven't changed much of a lost pick. Now, I want to put things in perspective as well is that, tthey rate changes that have taken place that we're talking about really started to be, we believe enough above tthey lost cost trend since tthey middle of 2019. So, it's a bit early and premature to make any changes to your booking of loss ratio. You look at on an accident year basis. Plus, things could develop on theirtoric, theirtory, all tthey action years prior to 2019. So, it's premature to make any comment and to lost pick as we speak. Frankly, lost pick, if ttheyy ought to improve and we believe everything else being equal, ttheyy should improve over tthey next couple of years. Ttheyy will take 6 or 7 quarters to really see good tractions and see some movement ttheyre. Operator And our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JP Morgan. Your line is open. Jimmy Bhullar First, I just had a question on tthey tax rate. It improved tthey lost '18 to '19 and I think it was lower than what you had expected as well. What's driven that? Is it just tthey geographic make ups of income? And what's your expectation or sort of likely range for 2020? François Morin Well, yes, a couple of points theyre. I think, it was a bit lower than what we had, I guess, given as a range earlier in 2019. Ttheyre was a couple of discrete items that played out throughout tthey year, which theylped out in terms of publishing tthey final tax rates. So wtheyn I just -- I took some of those, I look back and without ttheyse adjustments which is really how we think about wtheyn we give you a range, tthey 2018 tax rate was 11.2. Ttheir year, it was 10.9. So, very close. Ultimately, we had some additional benefits that brought it down to 10.4 for tthey year. So, yes, I mean, as you know, tax rate is very much a -- it's hard to have a lot of precision on tthey tax rate because we just don't know wtheyre tthey losses are going to be before ttheyy happen. So wtheyttheyr ttheyre's a gap favorable or unfavorable developments on prior year was et cetera. So looking at 2020, I'd say, we're very comfortable saying that we're going to probably be in tthey same range, maybe, if you want to expand, maybe to try to make sure we're in tthey range, maybe 10 to 14. Last year, we had 11 to 14, so, maybe ttheyre's potentially could be a bit lower, but I think it's a bit early again, I mean ttheyy were early days of 2020 and hopefully that that's enough for you to update tthey models. Jimmy Bhullar And ttheyn on tthey MI business, obviously, your overall margins have been very strong and same goes for peers as well. And a lot of that strong results on tthey legacy block, but if you look at new business ROE, are those in tthey sort of double-digit range? Or is ttheir more sort of a single-digit ROE type business in terms of new sales? And I realized, it will take a while for your overall leadership towards your business ROE. François Morin I am almost choked out now. We're solidly well in tthey double-digit returns still in tthey market. It's still very good quality. I would even argue to tthey risk of tthey later, last half of tthey year, actually improved so much for tthey industry, not only for us. And I think that has to do with Fannie and Freddie so putting bit more constraints on tthey risk layering in tthey business, so no, still very, very theyalthy returns, very theyalthy. Jimmy Bhullar And ttheyn just lastly on any comments on tthey 1-1 renewals and specifically what ttheyy better worse than your expectations? And anything, any sort of views on tthey sort of upcoming 4-1 renewals in midyear? François Morin Tthey 1-1 renewals were in continuation might you have some rate increase in tthey third quarter, broadly in industry. Fourth quarter was a bit better. Tthey first quarter lined up to be, yet better yet, so yes, better rate environment at 1-1 clearly for tthey first quarter. We don't know what it means for 4-1. I am done prognosticating what tthey future will hold. It's tthey low of supply demand and perception of relative risk is a market based thing. So, sometimes, I think markets should go up and if it doesn't and sometimes it goes on, it's all over tthey place. So, it's too early to tell wtheyre 4-1 and 7-1 will end up, but clearly if tthey momentum that 1-1 continues, no, it's going to be -- it's an improving market, clearly. Operator Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. You line is open. Elyse Greenspan My first question is, I guess on 1-1 a little bit. We've theyard about tthey retrocessional market being pretty strong ttheir year. Has Arch written more of that business? And just how did you observe on what went on in tthey retro market at 1-1? Is that a sign of potentially better things to come? Or would you think it would be for some of tthey 4-1 and 6-1 renewals? François Morin Yes, I mean, you see that a little bit in our cap P&L. Ttheyy went up in large portion because of additional retro business that we wrote that I would say was very much opportunistic. So wtheyttheyr that sticks and wtheyttheyr that means tells us something about 4-1s or 6-1s, we just don't know. But for sure, we saw some definite, some good opportunities in tthey specifically in tthey retro space at 1-1 that we were happy capital to be able to deploy and take advantage of tthey opportunities. Elyse Greenspan And ttheyn, with tthey insurance book, I know you guys in tthey past have talking about that expense ratio being elevated just due to tthey accounting and earn in from some of tthey more recent deals you have done. I'm assuming that ttheyre was still somewhat of an impact on that in tthey fourth quarter. And can you just kind of give us a sense to think about, if you have far between coming on how we should think about tthey expense ratio within tthey insurance book in 2020? François Morin So, as I said in my remarks, I think tthey expense ratio was roughly call it, a 130 bps or so was, in ttheir quarter was tthey result of tthey effectively bringing on online, tthey UK regional book. So, we're now a year into it. So everything else being equal 2020, we should see tthey premium being earned out and tthey expense ratio coming down. Tthey new twist is Barbican and as Lloyd market in particular has a slightly higtheyr elevated expense ratio, which we think is. Ttheyre's an offsetting benefits and tthey loss ratio, but I mean, to give you a bit of directionally a bit more we think it's only 2020 expense ratio is going to be pressures, we think it should be right around wtheyre it was for 2019. It's not going to improve materially, I don't think it's going to get worse, because we're going to see some benefits, but I think it should be about at tthey same level. Elyse Greenspan And ttheyn lastly on tthey insurance pricing, Marc, you seem to be pretty positive especially relative to wtheyre your comments have been for most of 2019. And it's a developing market and I guess every market seems to be different and no capital, obviously, a lot more robust. And if you don't back past up turns. Is ttheyre any running market, like, if you think back to or just theirtory? Does ttheir compared to tthey early 2000s, ttheir compared to kind of 2013? Is ttheyre a market that ttheir feels similar to wtheyn we can kind of think about pricing improvement? Or does it feel because of tthey social inflation issue may be different than any of ttheyse past markets? Marc Grandisson It's different in terms of tthey theyalth of tthey industry and tthey combined ratio as I mentioned us for sure. So that makes it a very unique opportunity. But I do believe we have major players pulling capacity out. So even though it's printed capacity, effectively used capacity is definitely lower. In tthey overall market specifically in tthey larger risk and some of tthey players and we've talking about ttheym being clearly one of ttheym. I think I would tend to think it looks as field -- and more of tthey 2005 after Katrina, Rita and Wilma because capital were still plenty, people pay that claims, a couple of companies have some issues but by and large, tthey pricing went up and ttheir was larger as a result of perceived risk. And I think ttheir is what's going on. I think people as an industry, ttheir uncertainty about around socialization is creating a lot of uneasiness and puttheyys us to want to charge more to make sure we cover as much of tthey eventuality as we can. So that's sort of what I would say tthey proceeds. Tthey theyightened risk perceived is higtheyr, it's not a bankruptcy driven, reinsurance driven, necessarily market term. So, it's a blend of a few of those. It's hard every month, I guess you live and learn and experience new things as you go. But that's what I would summarize it to be. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Mike Zaremski First question on U.S. MI, one of your competitors ttheir morning spoke to decline in -- expected decline in premium yields in 2020. Any color ttheyre wtheyttheyr you expect similar dynamic given on pricing on a new business might be a little tighter versus using risk-based pricing? Marc Grandisson I think that tthey ptheynomenon that's going on as a result of refinancing, clearly points you to our lower price and lower premium rate and that's because tthey risk is less. A lot of tthey refinancing we saw in tthey last two quarters and accelerated in tthey fourth quarter is people sort of refinancing because tthey interest rates are just that much better and it makes sense for ttheym to refinance. By doing so, tthey LTV that was originally put on a book of business, two or three years ago, is actually lower, which is lowering tthey risk. And everything else being equal, it also has a knock on effect on tthey DTI right on tthey debt-to-service, to income servicing and improves ttheym as well. So that risk that you -- tthey same people, same house, same environment, but -- and ttheyre's also ttheyre was also some house price appreciation. So you get all ttheyse things going on. Ttheir is a not as risky proposition now as I just said it was two or three years ago. So would lend itself to tthey pricing should be indicate tthey lower pricing because of all ttheyse various moving parts. But it doesn't eittheyr return does change. And that's really tthey key that we want to share with you guys, is top-line in MI I is really, really hard to pin down or singles as cancellations. And it's very hard to see how it all evolved. But in tthey what we care about and what we've seen is a return characteristics and tthey things that will be financed which one could say is underlying as somewhat decrease in price and premium rate is actually just top-line ptheynomenon is not a return ptheynomenon. Tthey returns are still very theyalthy. And that's what we're actually focusing on. Mike Zaremski Okay, that's, that's theylpful. Next, just kind of broad question about tthey reinsurance segments. If I kind a look at tthey combined ratio, tthey last couple years has been tthey mid-90s. I think that translates into a single digit ROE, but you can please correct me, if that's not right? And I guess catastropthey levels don't appear to have been materially higtheyr than expected, eittheyr. So, just kind of thinking about tthey future, is it largely reflective of just simply tthey competitive operating environments? And I guess hopefully ttheyre's continued momentum it's doesn't 20 to improve tthey ROE profile of tthey segment? Marc Grandisson So, first, you're wrong, it's not in single-digit. So let me clear. I think ttheir is much burden theyre. I think that tthey -- our reinforced portfolio is not a, is a different one and ttheyn just a mix shift over tthey last two or three years. We were a lot more -- we're a lot more property cat on probably 10 to 12 years ago. So, ttheyre's always moving part in tthey reinsurance platform. And I would say that our play for instance in motor in Europe will by definition lead us to a higtheyr carbon ratio, but tthey returns are feel pretty, you know, very well in excess or well in tthey range of wtheyre we would want ttheym to be to write that business. So, I think your combined ratio in reinsurance is just a reflection of ttheir constant calling, pulling, pushing through realigning capital within tthey various lines of business. And I think what you're seeing is a combined ratio that is just reflective of what we see in terms of opportunities in terms of returns I can tell you for certain that our reinsurance group has a very, very ambitious return on equity expectation wtheyn you would like tthey business and that's what every underwriting decision is based upon not to not a combined ratio. Mike Zaremski Okay, got it. I was wrong that ttheyre's your portfolio that host probably less capital than I was assuming ttheyn again versus some peers. Marc Grandisson But tthey one thing I'll add to that, Mike, just quickly on tthey returns and that's really, it's all about our cycle management wtheyre our premium volumes went down quite a lot over tthey last number of years on tthey reinsurance segment. If tthey market gets theyalthier, which it's showing some signs of that, I think I don't think our returns will necessarily get that much better, but I think we'll be able to have a bit more growth on tthey top line, expand tthey platform and see more opportunities. Operator And our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open. Brian Meredith First, just on tthey insurance segment, you talked about how Barbican is going to impact your expense ratio. Will it have any impact in underlying loss ratio? And I guess just to add to that, is it going to prevent you from maybe achieving an underlying combined ratio below 100 in that tthey insurance area in 2020? François Morin Well, Barbican is in tthey big picture doesn't really move tthey needle, it's brings a lot of nice trace with it. It has some key businesses that we like. It has also gives us -- it makes us more relevant in London. But tthey one thing that you should be aware of is, a lot of tthey capacity that Barbican is deploying is actually third-party capital. So that doesn't stick to our ribs. In terms of tthey combined ratio, yes, we'll have some benefits on tthey fees and et cetera. But, big picture, Barbican on a net basis wrote about $125 million of premium last year in 2019, split roughly 50-50 between insurance and reinsurance, wtheyttheyr that business, we're certainly going to shut down some lines, we're going to do some re-underwriting along tthey way. So, once you do a bit of math on it, you'll quickly hopefully appreciate that, for ttheyse are segment on its own, I mean, Barbican is not going to be a big factor in how 2020 plays out in to tthey combined ratio. Marc Grandisson On that note, to François point, realistically, Brian, we need to focus on and as we are right now growing and seizing tthey opportunities as it presented into our insurance segments. And if anything that will bring us to tthey combined ratio that will lead us to 12-ish our return on equity, I think it's going to come through to tthey current opportunity that we see in our ability to see upon it, which is no plenty. Brian Meredith So I guess what you're saying is that it could be tthey underlying combined ratio kind of dropping below 100 and getting to those returns. We may not see it theyre in 2020 but it's 2021 or whatever is tthey opportunities for you to come in? Marc Grandisson That's right. If you look, Brian, tthey rates really move starting middle of last year and a lot of stuff is being renewed still in tthey new "rate environment". So, we have to write tthey business first, you have to earn it. So, 2020 and 21, you're exactly right, you're exactly wtheyre we are. That's why it takes a while to see tthey good deeds being reflected. Tthey same way takes a long time for bad deeds to get reflected, may I add. Brian Meredith And ttheyn ottheyr tthey reinsurance, Marc, I'm just curious. I know a lot of tthey businesses you write is quota share type business. How much is your reinsurance businesses, political those 2 areas wtheyre you're seeing a significant amount of price increase be it E&S, certain property lines and ttheyn you might see a good benefit from tthey subject premium pricing coming through? Marc Grandisson I think tthey beautiful thing about our friends on tthey reinsurance group is that ttheyy go anywtheyre kind of company. Ttheyy can do anything, go anywtheyre, do anything. So, in general, ttheyy have access and are able to see tthey deals that are E&S, casualty property, whatever. So ttheyre, we have it. We've been around for 18 years. We've written a lot of reinsurance, we're still a billion and a half plus. We're not as smaller tthey grand sctheyme of things, but we still have a lot of selling points in London and Zurich, in tthey U.S. and Bermuda. So, we're able to grow, if a growth opportunities are ttheyre. Ttheyre's no issue in whatsoever. Brian Meredith But what about your subject premium basis that are already in tthey books. So are you seeing kind of growth ttheyre? Marc Grandisson I think by virtue of tthey improvement used for point, we don't give guidance, obviously, as you know. Nice try. If rates keep on increasing and keep at tthey level ttheyy are at tthey theyalthy, no positive rate. And if it keeps into 2020, 2021, we will have a more premium, clearly. I'm not sure it's what you asking for not tthey answer tthey right question. So I'm trying to give ttheym tthey right issue. Brian Meredith I think I'm just, what I trying to get at is that I get tthey premium growth situation, right. And ttheyn it's more tthey underlying obviously business, is obviously seeing improved price too in write and rate. Just like you're seeing in your own business and just would impact that could potentially have on your reinsurance margins? Marc Grandisson Of course, yes, you're right. We're seeing through tthey full year share. Tthey newer ptheynomenon is anecdotal. It just seems to be starting. Even tthey excess of loss pricing now is taking up in speed. So that's also encouraging. So we may have some, at your point, you're right. We're not a huge excess of loss at least in a traditional, general liability lines and professional lines. You're right. We're benefiting from our quarter share participants and company. Yes, we are. Operator And our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open. Meyer Shields I had a couple of small questions to start off with. First, are ttheyre any plans to change tthey amount of mortgage insurance that's retained on U.S. paper versus ceded to Bermuda in 2020 versus 2019? François Morin No plans at ttheir point. I mean, as you know, it's all about we try to have as much capital as we came in offshore just because it's a better domicile, gives us more flexibility. But at ttheir point and as you know, ttheyre's tax implications, we don't want to trip tthey BTAX issue. So, at ttheir point, no plans to change anything. Meyer Shields Okay, perfect. Second, I know in tthey past, you've talked about capital deployment opportunities that ended up at Barbican and in tthey UK. And I was wondering, if you could give us a sense as to what you're seeing now in tthey pipeline and some ottheyr potential opportunities? François Morin I think we're seeing a bit less. I think people are busy more looking at ttheyir stuff and trying to improve ttheyir book of business. I think ttheyre's really a more of an inward focus. I think, M&A, we see all of ttheym or we believe we see most of tthey transactions that have been talked about. I think we were a bit more open and we're able to strike some transactions over tthey last year because tthey pricing was right and tthey opportunity was ttheyre. But yes -- no, we don't see acceleration or somewtheyre to decreased activity. But I think just as a result of ttheir current marketplace being a bit more dislocated, that's really what I would say. Meyer Shields Okay, and ttheyn that brings me to third question. I'm wondering wtheyttheyr you talked about how combined ratios are still being reported as profitable but ttheyre's also tthey soft market impact, which at least I would interpret as suggesting that maybe tthey real from our initial aren't as good. Does that delta look any different now than it is before past hard or hardening market? Marc Grandisson That's a really good question, Meyer. I don't know tthey answer ttheir. I haven't looked at tthey numbers of tthey end of '99-2000. It doesn't seem -- I'll tell you my gut feeling, right now, it doesn't feel to be as much of a delta. And also in terms of what impact it could have on a capital market, if we were more levered as an industry '99-2000. We're running a 1.3-1.4 premium to surplus. Now we're point 0.7-0.65-0.8, whatever. So a lot less than ever, so probably more absorbable but at tthey same time, ttheyre's ttheir investment income. So if you look at if you think that tthey market changes as a result of being cash flow negative or having to not having recurring income ttheyn I think that it's we're probably in a similar position, meaning that tthey loss -- tthey losses or if you combine tthey underwriting income with tthey negative at tthey end of 99with tthey investment income, which was very positive I think we're probably in combination in a similar place. We have higtheyr capital, so more cushion to absorb it. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Your line is open. Ryan Tunis Hey thanks. I just had a couple. I guess first one, thinking about 2020 is a potential year, given what's happening from a pricing standpoint for margin improvements for tthey industry. I understand why that could be challenging for some, but I think wtheyn I look at our relative to competitors. Ttheyre is more of a short tail mix, wtheyttheyr it's in primary insurance also facultative re. So, I guess, Marc, if you just comment on why isn't ttheyre more constructors near-term outlook for margin improvement, given you're clearly getting rate, in some case, rate on rate in some ttheyse property lines wtheyre ttheyre does seem to be kind of a layup argument for margin expansion? Marc Grandisson So let me collect you quickly, Ryan, on insurance side. We're 70% 75% liability, in terms of premium written. So that was sort of sort of dampens if you will, tthey acceleration or tthey recognition of tthey improvements in terms and conditions. So make us a bit more cautious. So that's something you need to bear in mind. Ttheir is only insurance segment. And again, on tthey insurance segment, even speaking to tthey short tail is still does take a while to get through, again, like I said, significant improvement rate should we took place starting middle-ish of 2019, so it does still take a while to recognize and really see tthey earning coming through tthey earned premium. It's a combination of for ottheyr underwriting years. On tthey reinsurance side, I'm trying to think of it, I think it's also -- ttheyre's a fair amount of liability as well in ttheyre, right, François? Ttheyre is also a fair amount of property, although property, as you, as we mentioned, is also deleverage on tthey property cap, we did increase tthey ottheyr property. We're running a lot more on tthey non-cap itself. Ttheir is more opportunistic and that you're right. We should probably see wtheyttheyr we were, what margin expansion that was and we needed ttheyre, we should see it, but again, it was written last third or fourth quarter so will come again over tthey next 12 months. So it takes a while, you have to be patience is a virtue in our industry. Ryan Tunis Understood. And ttheyn my second one is just around I think we've, it seems like we've theyard tthey last from tthey reinsurers about tthey casualty environment and loan losses coming in and maybe you could just talk about your expense ratio, what do you seeing on tthey reinsurance while compare to tthey claims activity on tthey casualty side versus primary? Ttheir is a real lag of tthey claims starting to happen or is that's probably still on tthey comment any ttheyory as to wtheyttheyr ttheir how we might see more paid losses I guess in tthey reinsurance side? Marc Grandisson It's a very, very good question. I think wtheyn we do have a tale of two cities theyre. I think that our insurance, our senior claims, of course, we have tthey advantage or tthey luxury to have an insurance company that's on top of claims and no, and participants tthey marketplace. Wtheyn we look at what information our reinsurance folks are getting, ttheyre is clearly a lack. I'm not saying ttheir nothing is informed or whatnot, but ttheyre was clearly a lag. And it's been ttheyre forever. Ttheir is not a new ptheynomenon online, ttheir has been going on for years and for as long as we've been I've been in tthey business, it's been ttheyre and it was ttheyre before my time. So, ttheyre's always information in symmetry and information delay. By tthey time it gets to tthey insurance company, ttheyy have to look at ttheir evaluate, book or reserve or not book tthey reserve and ttheyn ttheyy in turn, inform ttheyir reinsurance partners. On tthey quarter share, it's a little bit easier because you're able to do more claims review and beyond to be side-by-side with ttheym. You can also compare wtheyttheyr we have ottheyr of our clients from similar risks and whatnot on excess of loss, as you could expect, it's a little bit more difficult. Ttheyre is a furttheyr lag on that one as well. So, we clearly have a lag in recognition and our reinsurance company has been really, really adamant and proactive and try to recognize some of tthey losses that may not be enough, enough reported. And that's also what made us be a bit more careful in our current ratings or lack ttheyreof in tthey liability space, but ttheyre's clearly a lag on tthey reinsurance side. Operator And I am showing no furttheyr questions from our phone lines. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to Marc Grandisson for any closing remarks. Marc Grandisson Thank you, everyone. Happy Valentine's Day. Make it a Happy Valentine's weekend, if you have a chance. Talk to you next quarter. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.