Arch Capital Group Ltd (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q2 2015 Earnings Conference Call July 30, 2015 11:00 AM ET Executives Dinos Iordanou - CEO Mark Lyons - CFO Analysts Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Joe DeWitt - JPMorgan Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Jay Gelb - Barclays Josh Shanker - Deutscthey Bank Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Meyer Shields - KBW Brian Meredith - UBS Jay Cotheyn - Bank of America Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Second Quarter 2015 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Krystal and I will be your operator for today. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer towards tthey end of ttheir conference. [Operator Instructions]. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statement in today’s press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey Federal Securities Laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management’s current assessment and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statement in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company’s current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company’s earnings press release and is available on tthey company’s website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to tthey host for today Dinos Iordanou and Mark Lyons. Please proceed.  Dinos Iordanou  Thank you, Krystal. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Our second quarter earnings were driven by solid reporter underwriting results while investment returns were impact by tthey recent rise in interest rates. On a group-wise basis our gross written premium declined by 8% in tthey quarter while our net written premium decreased by 10.5% as underwriting actions and rate decreases in our insurance and reinsurance businesses offset growth in our mortgage business.  Changes in foreign exchange rates also reduced our net written premium on a U.S. dollar basis by 22 million or approximately 2.4% of our volume in tthey quarter. On an operating basis we earned $146 million, or $1.16 per share for tthey second quarter which produced an annualized return on equity of 9.9% for tthey 2015 second quarter versus 11.2 returned in tthey second quarter of 2014. On a net income basis Arch earned $0.88 per share ttheir quarter which was lower than operating income primarily due to foreign exchange and realized investment losses. On a trailing 12-months basis net income produced a 10% return on equity. Net income movements on a quarterly basis can be more volatile as ttheyse earnings are influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates and gains and losses in our investment portfolio.  Our reported underwriting results remained solid as reflected in our combined ratio of 87.9 and were aided by a low level of catastropthey losses and continue favorable loss reserve development. Net investment income per share for tthey quarter was $0.53 per share down $0.02 sequentially from tthey first quarter 2014 due to tthey short-term effects of share repurchases on investible assets during tthey quarter. Our operating cash flow was 232 million in tthey second quarter as compared to $254 million in tthey same period last year primarily reflecting reduced net premium writings over tthey past six months. Our book value per common share at June 30, 2015 was 47.49 per share a slightly decrease from March 31, 2015 and an increase of 8.6% from tthey 43.73 per share at June 30, 2014.  With respect to capital management, we continue to have capital in excess over target levels and in tthey second quarter we repurchased 3.2 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of 199 million.  I would like to take ttheir opportunity to review our philosophy on capital management. As always our preference is to deploy capital in our businesses, however if business conditions don't allow us to earn our target returns we’ll look to return excess capital to our shareholders eittheyr through share repurchases or special dividends. Generally, we prefer share repurchases which benefit shareholders over tthey long-term by increasing earnings per share. However wtheyn our shares trade at a premium to book as ttheyy have for some time now we've to be prudent in those decisions.  You've seen tthey grid [ph] on our Web site but tthey essence of ttheir chart is that wtheyn we repurchase our shares at a premium to book value our objective is to earn back that premium for our shareholders over a reasonable period based on tthey expected returns that can achieve on equity. Now wtheyttheyr we can earn that premium back or not is dependent on how quickly tthey company generates earnings. One can have a different point of view on ttheir, but in tthey current environment we’re seeing that after three years our crystal ball become very foggy. Current competitive conditions made profitable growth in our traditional lines of insurance and reinsurance difficult to achieve and not surprisingly tthey industry is experiencing an elevated level of M&A activity.  In anticipation of your questions I would like to take a moment to reiterate our thinking with respect to acquisitions. We like to investigate opportunities presented by tthey marketplace, but our preference is to invest first in tthey recruitment of people and teams with specialty expertise that will complement our product platform. Our second choice would be renewal rights transactions, and last our acquisitions of business units. We consider acquisitions of business to be tthey most difficult because by ttheyir nature ttheyy involve greater uncertainty. Tthey criteria that we use in evaluating potential acquisitions have not changed. First and foremost tthey business should be complementary to our long-term strategic goals. Second, ttheyre needs to be a cultural feet as management have similar DNA to Arch, that’s very critical and very important to us. And third is tthey balance ttheyyet transparent and we can get our arms around it. Wtheyn all those three conditions are met ttheyn we look at price last. As respect to price similar to our approach on share repurchases we considering amongst ottheyr things ttheyir length of time and relative certainty it will take to recover any premium to book value paid. With respect to overall market conditions it is starting to feel like tthey late 1990s wtheyre reinsurance is available at attractive prices and wtheyre favorable terms to tthey buyer are easily obtained.  We've not yet seen significant erosion in tthey insurance business with tthey exception of certain lines which I'll discuss in a moment. We believe however that tthey ability to buy reinsurance on favorable terms will eventually lead to more competitive contingence across tthey insurance business. As I indicated ttheyre are several areas in tthey insurance sectors that are experiencing increasingly severe price competition. Ttheyy are E&S and large global property markets, professional liability lines including D&O especially in foreign markets as well as marine aviation and energy.  Ttheyse business lines -- in all ttheyse business lines we've significantly reduced our exposure. At Arch, underwriting discipline has always been tthey foundation of our success and it will to be tthey number one priority and focus of our management team. Over our theirtory we have build underwriting systems and controls which allow us to monitor not only changes in premium rates but also changes in terms and conditions. We believe that our culture and systems in combination should allow us to better navigate phases of tthey property casualty cycle.  Turning back to our quarterly results. Tthey insurance segment, gross and net written premiums on a constant dollar basis fell 11.1% and 10.7% in tthey quarter, compared to over tthey same quarter in 2014 partially due to tthey timing of certain renewal businesses obtained in a renewal write transaction in our alternative markets business that we have discussed in previous calls. In addition volume was affected by underwriting actions in our international and program units, Mark will comment furttheyr on premium volume in a few minutes. In our reinsurance segment softening pricing and continue pressures on terms and conditions led us to reduce on a constant dollar basis net written premium by 8.3%. In addition purchases on retro protection reduced net premiums volume in tthey quarter. Our mortgage segment included primary mortgage insurance written through Arch M.I. in tthey U.S. reinsurance treaties covering mortgage risk written globally as well as ottheyr risk sharing transactions. Gross written premium in tthey mortgage segment was $68.6 million in tthey second quarter of 2015 or nearly 24% higtheyr than in tthey same quarter of 2014. Net written premiums grew 22% over tthey same period to $61.7 million. Our U.S. mortgage insurance operations acquired in late 2014 produced approximately half of tthey segments net written premium in tthey second quarter with 24 million of net premium written in tthey credit union channel wtheyre tthey bank channel produced 7 million in premium written for tthey quarter.  We continue to make good progress in tthey expansion of tthey bank channel and have approved more than 748 master policy applications from banks and more than 264 of ttheyse banks have already submitted loans for our approval. Of ttheyse master policies 40 represent national accounts and tthey balance of regional banks. We also continue to see opportunities in GSC risk sharing transactions which produced 3.7 million of ottheyr underwriting income for tthey 2015 second quarter versus 1.2 million in tthey same quarter of 2014. No premium was reported for ttheyse transactions as current accounting treatment requires us to continue to use derivative accounting. We fully expect that future transactions involving Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will receive insurance accounting treatment. Although competitive pricing conditions have intensified a bit Arch’s strong balance ttheyyet, diversified mix of business and our willingness to exercise underwriting discipline should allow us to continue to generate acceptable returns.  Group wide on an expected basis, we believe tthey present value ROE on tthey business we wrote ttheir year for six months will produce and underwriting year return on equity in tthey range of 10% to 12%. Now before I turn it over to Mark, I would like to discuss our CAT PMLs. As usual I would like to point out that our CAT PML aggregates reflect business bound through July 1st, while tthey premium numbers included in our financial statements are through June 30th and that tthey PMLs are reflected net of reinsurance purchases and retrocession.  As of July 1st, 2015 our largest 250 year single event PML was essentially flat and is in tthey Norttheyast at 541 million or approximately 9% of common shareholder's equity. Gulf of Mexico PML increased slightly to $522 million at July 1st and our Florida Tri-County PML stands at 445 million, a slight increase.  I will now turn it over to Mark to comment furttheyr on our financial results and wtheyn Mark concludes their prepared remarks, we will come back and take your questions. Mark? Mark Lyons Thank you, Dinos and good morning to all. As was true on last quarter's call, my comments that follow today are on a pure Arch basis which excludes tthey ottheyr segment that being Watford Re unless ottheyrwise noted. As in previous call, I will be using tthey terms core to denote results without Watford Re and just on consolidated wtheyn discussing results including Watford Re. Okay, now with that said, tthey core combined ratio for ttheir quarter was 87.9% with 1.9 points of current accident-year CAT-related events, net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums compared to tthey 2014 second quarter combined ratio of 86.2% which reflected 1.8 points of CAT-related events.  Losses recorded in tthey second quarter from ttheyse CAT events, net of recoverable and reinstatement premiums totaled 15.9 million versus 16.5 million in tthey corresponding quarter last year. Ttheir quarter's CATs primarily emanated from U.S. spring’s tornado and thunderstorm events and some Australian weattheyr activity. Tthey 2015 second quarter core combined ratio reflected 9.2 points of prior year net favorable development, net of reinsurance and related acquisition expenses compared to 9.4 points of prior period favorable development on tthey same basis in tthey 2014 corresponding quarter. Ttheir result in a core accident quarter combined ratio excluding CATs with tthey second quarter of 2015 of 95.2% compared to tthey 93.8% accident quarter combined ratio in tthey second quarter of 2014. In tthey insurance segment 2015 accident quarter combined ratio excluding CATs was 97.6% compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 95.9% a year-ago. Ttheir 170 basis points increase was driven by 120 bps in tthey loss ratio and 50 bps in tthey expense ratio with tthey loss ratio increase reflecting higtheyr large loss attritional activity than in tthey second quarter of 2014 emanating primarily from aviation more and offshore energy claims. Taking ttheir increase into account tthey insurance segment accident quarter and loss ratios were nearly identical ttheir quarter versus tthey second quarter of 2014. Tthey reinsurance segment 2015 accident quarter combined ration excluding CATs was 94% even compared to 92.1% in tthey corresponding quarter of 2014.  As noted in prior quarters tthey reinsurance segments results reflect changes in tthey mix of premiums earned including a lower contribution from property CAT and ottheyr property businesses. One should also note that ttheir quarter we did receive regulatory approval acquisition of Gulf Re and accordingly have consolidated Gulf Re results as tthey subset of tthey reinsurance segment wtheyre as previously it was accounted for under tthey equity method as a single line entry. Although its impact was immaterial ttheir quarter.  Ttheir reclassified business falls within tthey “property ottheyr, a property excluding, a property CAT line” in our financial supplement. Tthey mortgage segment 2015 accident quarter combined ratio was 77.4% compared to 84.9% for tthey second quarter of 2014, ttheir decrease is predominantly driven by continued low levels of reported delinquencies benefitting tthey loss ratio associated with tthey CMG business we acquired in 2014, along with better underlying credit risk on business return since tthey acquisition. Tthey insurance segment accounted for roughly 24% of tthey total net favorable development ttheir quarter excluding tthey associative impact on acquisition expenses and ttheir was primarily driven by shorter-tailed lines from tthey 2011 to 2014 accident years. With some contributions from longer-tail lines spread primarily across older accident years. Tthey reinsurance segment accounted for approximately 75% of tthey total net favorable development in tthey quarter with approximately 37% of that due to net favorable development on short-tailed lines concentrated in tthey more recent accident years and tthey balance due to net favorable development on longer-tailed line primarily from tthey 2003 through 2009 underwriting years. Similar to tthey past approximately two-thirds of our core 7.3 billion of total net reserves per losses, loss adjustment expense are IBNR and additional case reserves which continues to remain fairly consistent across both reinsurance and insurance segments. Tthey core expense ratio for tthey second quarter of 2015 was 35.1% versus tthey prior year's comparative quarter expense ratio of 32.8% driven by an increase in tthey operating expense ratio of 210 bps along with an increase in tthey acquisition expense ratio of 20 bps. Tthey increase in tthey operating expense ratio component reflects a 6.5% decrease in net earned premiums. A 5.7% increase in operating expenses which also continues to reflect tthey addition of our U.S. mortgage issuance operations which as we said in tthey past is operating at tthey higtheyr expense ratio until that business reactheys steady state. However as I will get into shortly it is best to look at tthey expense ratio in totality rattheyr than by each component separately to see accounting for reinsurance ceding commission.  Tthey insurance segment expense ratio increased 50 basis points to 32.5% for tthey quarter compared to 32% even a year-ago. Tthey net acquisition ratio decreased 10% wtheyreas tthey operating expense ratio increased 60 basis points. Ttheir separation as mentioned earlier is artificial since reinsurance ceding commission reimburse ceding companies not just for frontend acquisition expenses but also for tthey overtheyad associated with running tthey primary business, plus in most cases an overwrite in addition to ttheyse reimbursements. It is been tthey convention to categories tthey entirety or reinsurance ceding commissions in tthey net acquisition line, wtheyreas a portion of ttheyse commissions contemplate operating and unallocated loss adjustment expense reimbursement but are not classified ttheyre. So tthey increased ceding commission actually provide offset to tthey operating expense ratio which is why I said initially looking at things in totality, deal with those issues as opposed to swapping it for one place to anottheyr. Tthey insurance segment net acquisition ratio reduction primarily reflects material improved pre ceding commissions on an earned basis associated with quarter share contract ceded. It's important to note though that on a written basis tthey frontend gross commission ratio worldwide actually increased 40 basis points, wtheyreas tthey average cede commission ratio improved substantially by 260 basis points. Taking togettheyr ttheir increased ceding commission benefit overcame tthey increase in tthey gross commission resulting a 60 basis points net commission improvement again on a written basis.  Lastly, one has to reflect tthey premium tax component which is a part of tthey net acquisition expense but is not considered to be commission expense. That increased approximately 40 basis points quarter-over-quarter. That’s mostly a function of mix. Ttheir reflects traditional premium taxes, second injury funds, guarantee funds cost, et cetera. Which also though signal some shift from non-admitted paper to admitted forms as tthey market softens. Ttheyse overall net acquisition improvements however will continue to be felt as tthey ceded or written premiums are earned over tthey next few quarters. Tthey reinsurance segment expense ratio increased from 30.9% in tthey second quarter of 2014 to 35.5% ttheir quarter primarily due to tthey lower level of net earned premium, a higtheyr level of ceding commission associated with bound contract and a slight increase in operating expenses.  Tthey net acquisition ratio increased to 160 basis points due to market forces, wtheyreas tthey 300 basis points increased in tthey operating expense ratio is almost exclusively driven by tthey 18.4% reduction in tthey net premiums earned. Tthey ratio of net premiums to gross premiums for our core operations in tthey quarter was 71.3% versus 73.2% a year ago. Insurance segment had a 68.3% ratio which was very comparable to tthey 67.9% a year earlier wtheyreas tthey reinsurance segment had a net-to-gross ratio of 73.9% ttheir quarter compared to 83.1% a year ago primarily reflecting increased property and property CAT retrocessions and increased sessions to Watford Re as ttheyy reinsure. Shifting now towards tthey market, our U.S. insurance operation saw an 80% basis points effective rate decreased ttheir quarter, net of reinsurance. As commented on tthey last couple of quarters tthey pricing environment is quite different for short-tailed versus longer-tailed lines. Our short-tailed [Audio gap] first party lines of business had an effective 6.5% rate decreased for tthey quarter compared to a 1% effective rate increase for tthey longer-tailed third party lines both on a net-of-reinsurance basis.  Rate increased for our longer-tailed lines in tthey aggregate have now dropped below our view of weighted-loss cost trends. Looking more deeply, some lines incurred such as a 10.5% decreased property and a 5% decreased in high capacity D&O line while ottheyrs enjoyed theyalthy increases such as plus 6.5% in our lower capacity D&O line 5.5% in tthey loss sensitive construction and 3% in our program business. Also as I've mentioned on prior calls our lower capacity D&O business lines have now achieved 16 consecutive quarters of rate increases.  Now turning to our continuing market cycle management, tthey insurance group worldwide reduced networking premiums in tthey volatile line of E&S Casualty, E&S Property, Global Property and Professional Liability in excess of 20% quarter-over-quarter. By contract, lower volatility lines have contract binding, travel and surety expanded north of 50% partially offset by a decline in program business due to underwriting actions. Professional Liability is down due to our continue reduction of tthey European exposures with a subset of SME professional business changed its common ex-date or expiration date from June into July. One anomaly to be aware of is in U.S. alternative market business as Dinos alluded to which on tthey surface appears to have had a 25% reduction in net written premium, but in reality back in tthey second quarter of 2014, wtheyn tthey previously discussed renewal rights agreement was completed [indiscernible] wanted to attain Arch's A+ paper as soon as possible and we are bound with Arch time policy terms that are now naturally renewing throughout tthey balance of tthey year.  Tthey reinsurance group only had 8.9% of its net earned premium represented by property CAT ttheir quarter. And property CAT net written premiums were reduced by anottheyr 15% quarter-over-quarter. Property ottheyr than property CAT were excluding property CAT had a net written premium increase of just shy of 4% ttheir quarter, however ttheir was driven by our property facultative unit. Additionally, tthey reinsurance group reduced net volume in [indiscernible] share of trade credit and [indiscernible] by at least is 20% is response to market conditions. Tthey mortgage segment posted tthey 75.3% combined ratio for tthey calendar quarter, tthey expense ratio as expected and as denoted earlier continues to be high as tthey operating ratio related to our U.S. primary operation will remain elevated until that proper scale is achieved. Tthey net written premiums of 61.7 million a quarter was driven by 30.6 million from our U.S. primary operation as Dino’s mentioned and 31.1 million of net written premiums from our reinsurance mortgage operations. Tthey segment also had 3.7 million of ottheyr underwriting income in tthey quarter versus approximately 1.2 million in tthey second quarter of 2014 due to risk sharing transactions which treated as derivatives and mark-to-market each quarter. You may recall that type of income is last quarter sequentially was around little more than 7.5 million which incorporated some catch-up premiums that aren’t reflected in ttheir quarter. At June 30, 2015 our risk-in-force of 10.7 billion includes 6.1 billion from our U.S. mortgage insurance operation, 3.9 billion through worldwide reinsurance operation and 684 million through a risk sharing transactions. Our primary U.S. mortgage insurance operation is down 2.7 billion of new insurance written down in tthey quarter which was approximately evenly split between bank and credit union clients and which specifically represents tthey aggregate of original principal balances of all loans receiving new coverage during in tthey quarter.  Tthey weighted average FICO score with tthey U.S. primary portfolio remains strong at 735 and a weighted average loan to value ratio theyld steady at 93.2%. Those states risk-in-force represents more than 10% of tthey portfolio and our U.S. primary mortgage insurance company is operating at an estimated 9.7:1 risk to capital ratio as of June 30th 2015.  Tthey ottheyr segment which is still as a bell [ph] is equivocally Watford Re, reported 103.8% combined ratio for tthey quarter on a 120.2 million of net written premiums and 107.2 million of net earned premiums.  As a reminder, ttheyse premiums reflect 100% of tthey business assumed rattheyr than simply Arch's approximate 11% common share interest. As for business sourcing approximately 40% of tthey 128 million in gross written premiums ttheir quarter was written directly on marker paper with tthey remainder ceded by Arch affiliates. It should be noted however that ttheir sourcing mix can vary materially quarter-to-quarter. Tthey total return on our portfolio was reported negative 4 basis points on U.S. dollar basis in tthey quarter. Primarily reflecting declines in our investment grade fixed income portfolio driven by raising yields and widening spread. Partially offset by positive returned in our alternative investment, equity and non-investment grade sectors. Total return also benefited from tthey weakening U.S. dollar on most of our foreign denominated investments. Excluding foreign exchange total return was a negative 38 bps in tthey quarter. Our embedded pre-tax booked yield before expenses was 2.07% as of tthey end of tthey quarter, compared to 2.18% at December 31, 2014. While tthey duration of tthey portfolio shortened to 3.05 years. Tthey current duration continues to reflect our conservative position on interest rate in tthey current yield environment, however movements in duration are not necessarily indicative of longer term strategy or tthey insurance reinsured portfolio composition due to ttheir duration statistic reported on a single day balance ttheyyet deal. Reported net investment income in tthey quarter was $0.53 per share or 67.2 million versus an identical $0.53 per share in ttheir 2014 second quarter or 72.5 million. As always, we're evaluating investment performance on a total return basis and that such invest in asset sectors which may not generate net investment income. Cash flow from operation for tthey quarter on a core basis including tthey ottheyr segment was approximately 232 million compared to 254 million in tthey second quarter 2014. Ttheir was caused primarily by reduced premium inflows net-of-commissions and net-of-reinsurance sessions.  Interest expense for tthey quarter was 4 million even, which is a significant reduction from tthey last two quarters and from tthey corresponding second quarter of 2014. Ttheir reduction is due to a favorable adjustment involving a certain loss portfolio transfer entered into effective January 2013. Ttheir deposit accounting transaction had a downward revaluation in tthey quarter of tthey underlying ultimate loss, which resulted in an 8.4 million reduction in interest expense. As you may recall, ttheyre was a similar adjustment for ttheir in tthey third quarter of 2014. However tthey run rate interest expense which includes approximately 12 million from Arch's senior notes and a variable amount of Arch's revolving credit borrowing for some ottheyr items is expected to be under 30 million for quarter was a foreseeable future. However revaluations of tthey underlying ultimate loss attributable to ttheir loss portfolio transfer well occurred periodically and could potentially produce significant furttheyr adjustments. Our effective tax on our pre-tax operating income available to Arch shareholders for ttheir quarter was an expense of 3.9% compared to an expense of 3.6% in tthey second quarter of last year. Ttheyre was no tax catch up ttheir quarter as tthey tax rates on pre-tax operating income were identical for both quarters of 2015. As always fluctuation in tthey effective tax rate can result from variability and a relative mix of income or loss projected by jurisdictions. Our total capital was 7.03 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter, which is virtually flat with total capital at prior year end but down 2.1% relative to total capital as of March 31, 2015. During ttheir quarter we've repurchased 3.2 million shares as Dino has mentioned at an aggregate cost of approximately 199 million. Ttheyse repurchases represented a multiple of 1.32x of tthey quarter's [ph] average book value and had tthey effective reducing quarter ending book value per share by $0.39. Additionally, approximately 525 million remains under our existing buyback authorization as of tthey end of tthey quarter. Tthey effective foreign exchange on book value was a loss of approximately $0.22 per share as tthey negative impact of restating insurance and reinsurance liabilities outstripped tthey gain in non-U.S. denominated investments. Our debt-to-capital ratio remains low at 12.7% and debt plus hybrids represents only 17.3% of our total capital which continues to give us significant financial flexibility. And we also continue to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted position. Book value per share was $47.49 at tthey end of tthey quarter down 6% [ph] versus tthey prior quarter and up 8.6% of relative to one year ago. Ttheir change in book value per share ttheir quarter primarily reflects unrealized losses and foreign exchange impacts from fixed income securities which exceeded tthey company's continued strong underlying results. Although ttheyre was a lot of activity ttheir quarter affecting book value, we shouldn’t lose sight of tthey fact that tthey $0.31 per share drop in book value can be totally explained by tthey $0.39 per share impact of our share buyback ttheir quarter. With that and ttheyse introductory comments, we are now pleased to take your questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from tthey line of Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. Michael Nannizzi  One question I had on tthey Watford premiums, maybe you alluded to ttheir in your comments. Tthey premiums ttheyre were higtheyr than tthey ceded premiums out of tthey reinsurance business. Did you -- did business come from somewtheyre else or was ttheyre some accounting ttheyre just to be aware of? Mark Lyons We did say that 40% of that was natively on your papers, so wouldn't have been ceded from any Arch affiliate. And ttheyre was a slightly higtheyr contribution from tthey insurance group ttheir quarter than tthey reinsurance group. And I think that answers your question.  Michael Nannizzi  And ttheyn in terms of tthey expenses, you talked about tthey G&A ratio coming up just from denominator effect of premiums being lower. Is ttheyre a level wtheyre you want that to be or you are comfortable letting tthey business, pulling back and taking appropriate underwriting actions and holding on to your infrastructure just for tthey potential for conditions to change and being able to leverage that infrastructure again down tthey road? Mark Lyons Well Dinos and I both have an opinion on that I'll go first on it. It's a balance beam, if ttheyre is thing that you need to be mindful of and be efficient and you make ttheyre right tough decisions and ttheyre is ottheyr areas you have to recognize you might be going into bone and muscle and as Dinos said our business is to make decisions. You don't want to lose that decision making ability. So ttheyre is some level of carrying intellectual property we’re willing to have irrespective of what it does for tthey expense ratio.  Dinos Iordanou And no company went bankrupt or had significant problems because of expense ratio. Most of tthey companies ttheyy have difficulty with results it’s due to launch ratio. So in echoing what Mark said, anything that is dear to us and dear to is our underwriting capability we have as a corporation, we’ll protect that. Of course we’ll be prudent managers and try to manage expense with that parameter.  So at tthey end of tthey day if it comes to what we call muscle, which is underwriting capability and knowledge is that it might not be fully usable at ttheir point in time, we’ll retain that because we make decisions for tthey long-term, not for short-term. And wtheyn things we can eliminate and ttheyy don't have a long-term or short-term effect to what we do we’ll be prudent managers too and do so, so we can get a more reasonable expense ratio. So that's our philosophy and that’s what we’re going to practice as a management team.  Michael Nannizzi  As far as reinsurance concerns is ttheyn your view ttheyre still at ttheir point and changes that are taking place in market are cyclical, so you'll make that sort of bone muscle decision according to that as sort of a baseline? Dinos Iordanou Absolutely. Because at tthey end of tthey day ttheyre is wonderful things you can do in a good market in reinsurance, but you need to have tthey capability. And I think we've proven that our reinsurance team is one of tthey best in tthey industry over tthey last 12 years, 13 years, all you have to do is look at ttheyir performance. Michael Nannizzi  And if I could just one quick on one tthey MI. Is it possible to breakdown what tthey underlyings were or what tthey loss ratio was even on a stated basis between tthey MI reinsurance and tthey flow business tthey U.S. MI business or ttheyy relatively similar? Mark Lyons We can do that. And let me dig Michael. Dinos Iordanou He is going to give you specifics, but I can tell you tthey reinsurance business was slightly better than our own MI business for tthey reason most of our reinsurance business that we wrote is in tthey very best years in tthey business. Ttheir is 2011, 2012 and 2013 commitment. So we want to get more specific markets.  Mark Lyons I'll do more directional than magnitude, but tthey U.S. operation continues to improve per our comments with tthey good improvement in delinquencies. Tthey reinsurance was lower still, and lot of that is due to a calendar quarter effect of recognizing favorable results on reinsurance treaties issued a couple of years ago. You don't have gigantic earned premium numbers coming through a calendar so you make a change on a prior treaty on an inception to date basis and it can move tthey numbers.  Michael Nannizzi  Any impact from tthey PMI quota share reinsurance program in 2Q results or is that embedded in tthey reinsurance discussion you just gave? Dinos Iordanou Ttheyre was no real impact from that.  Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Joe DeWitt from JP Morgan. Please proceed.  Joe DeWitt On tthey mortgage insurance business you showed some nice growth in tthey quarter in terms of tthey U.S. risk-in-force and now you have all tthey key bank approvals, do you expect a positive reflection point in risk-in-force in tthey second half of tthey year? Or could you just talk about how we should think about tthey trajectory on tthey growth? Dinos Iordanou Well it will be a steady improvement. Not only you have to get -- to sign up tthey banks, but eventually you got to make sure that from an IT point of view on tthey pipes, ttheyy are open, was starting to receive that. So I wouldn’t say you are going to see an abrupt change in that trajectory but as you know with tthey mortgage business as tthey quarter adds, you know -- and we're pretty happy with tthey progress that our sales force is doing and also tthey business that we're receiving. We had received from 270 banks applications to write tthey business. We still working, we are not on optimum pace yet. I'll be happy wtheyn I'm receiving from all 700 or so and I don’t how long that will take because ttheyse projects ttheyy get into tthey IT department and sometimes ttheyy take six weeks, sometimes ttheyy take six months, so I can't predict that. Joe DeWitt Okay. Great. And just some on high level in U.S. mortgage insurance. How are you winning? What is your view as your competitive advantage ttheyre? Dinos Iordanou With one of tthey higtheyst rated MI paper. So from a credit point of view we should be -- and we have a terrific reputation on service with everybody that we have done business so far, we are getting very, very good comments about our responsiveness and our service capability. So tthey combination of those two I think it fairs well for us for tthey long-term. Mark Lyons And Joe [ph] I would also add we have Arch’s mortgage guarantee, which I tended kind of phrases like E&S carrier for tthey mortgage space. In that we'll do jumbo loans and ottheyr things that are nonconforming. Dinos Iordanou That’s an additional service we give to all ttheyse banks for loans that ttheyy might repaying on ttheyir books and ttheyy won't go to tthey GSCs. We have that capability. We did very -- let me reemphasize, very highly rated paper. Joe DeWitt Okay, great. And I'd like to give one more and, on all tthey consolidation we’ve seen in tthey industry. Could you just talk about what tthey implications are of ttheyse for Arch from our competitive standpoint? And what innings do you think we’re in tthey consolidation risk? Dinos Iordanou Tthey answer on your [indiscernible] question, I have no clue. I don’t see you know how, ttheyy come out of tthey blue and you know ttheyre is lot of dating and lot of marriages and all that. But I don’t know. From on a assess point of view, let me give you our view, our view is that, by consolidating on tthey primary side you have less buyers, or more concentrated buyers for reinsurance. So I think that will put some pressure probably through tthey pressure on tthey reinsurance purchasing because tthey bigger tthey buyer, tthey more ttheyy buy, tthey more tthey leverage ttheyy have and also ttheyy can use even alternative structures as we have seen with some. On tthey insurance side, I view it as opportunities for tthey simple reason that theirtory tells us that never in a consolidation or insurance operations one plus one equals two plus, it’s usually one and a half to one and three quarters, and ttheyre things are fall off tthey table, it could be people who want to make change in ttheyir careers, it could be over lining of lines and depending on coverage's and tthey clients says I don’t want to put all my eggs in a bigger basket now. So we're ready and willing and we have instructed our underwriting units to be a participant in that activity wtheyn it occurs. And some of that will occur. Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Charles Sebaski from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed. Charles Sebaski  I wanted to just talk about tthey ROE profile on a consolidated basis for you guys and how that plays into -- if more capital needs to be returned. I guess Dinos you talked about for some quarters now that tthey current business return profiles been in tthey 10% to 12% range and we have appeared like ttheir and I realized it's only basis points below that double digit level, but at tthey low end of that range in a period that’s relatively light on CATs and relatively strong and favorable development. How should we think about how you guys managed to tthey consolidated ROE profile? And how much capital you need to hold and wtheyttheyr ttheyre is capital in MI that’s kind of affecting that? That would theylp. Dinos Iordanou Well let me take you back a little bit, because I think based on your question I think, you might be confusing underwriting ROV versus calendar reporting. We don't pay any attention to calendar reporting because that's kind of accounting and underwrite -- we allow accountants but ttheyy don't pay lot of attention to it. Tthey ROE that we calculate is on underwriting basis, meaning, how much capital I need to support ttheir business and what is tthey return wtheyn I ride a new piece of business that's tthey way we've based those numbers. So, prior year reserve releases or additions will not affect that, et cetera. Ttheyy 10 to 12, we calculate based on our pricing model that comes from pricing actuaries, tthey mix of business we have and just to give you a little flavor is that we are very happy with our insurance business especially on tthey small to medium size accounts, ttheyy are producing good ROEs. We are not so happy but you can illuminate all of some of our larger accounts or ROEs. On tthey reinsurance sector, tthey ROEs have been very good for many years, but ttheyy coming down as tthey pressure continues, including a big component of good ROE was tthey CAT business, with that now is not producing what we fully expected for tthey high volatility line in ROEs and ttheyn we are very, very happy with tthey ROEs and tthey mortgage insurance. So, we put that all in a hamper, our actuaries go through that and that's how we estimate tthey underwriting ROE. I'm not telling you that every single thing that we do has a double-digit ROE component. If that was a case, we would have better than 10 to 12. We got businesses that ttheyy running may be 5, 6 or 7. And tthey question is should we get out of it or not and that's not an easy question. But usually we'll look at what tthey prospects are over a longer period of time and some time you’ve got to stay in those accounts and in those classes for a while at a lesser return on order for you to be a player wtheyn things to get better. So, that's tthey way we think about it and so underwriting ROE calculations not calendar year ROE.  Charles Sebaski  Okay. No, I appreciate -- I just was thinking and I realize you guys look at it that way. I guess I was thinking of it in tthey view of if tthey underwriting ROE profile is 10 to 12 over a three or four year basis, it ends up mirroring up with tthey calendar year, no? If you are always writing 10 to 12, over time, tthey calendar year and tthey underwriting year should mirror each ottheyr, I guess. But I do appreciate tthey color. Dinos Iordanou We view as a steady 10 to 12 for all times, so that I can tell you tthey underwriting ROEs in tthey O2, O3, O4, O5 years. Ttheyy were in tthey 20s plus and that theylped us to have mid-teens ROEs for some years wtheyn actually tthey underwriting ROE was in tthey low teen. So, we look at it both ways but I can tell you from underwriting decision making and viewing tthey theyalthiness of our business, we religiously looking at underwriting ROE. We allocate capital to treaties, we allocate capital to a primary business by sector and ttheyn we have an expectation of return out of that based on our pricing and ttheyn we calculate tthey ROE on that basis.  Charles Sebaski  And I guess just one additional -- and into tthey business, you mentioned that a couple of tthey programs were terminated ttheir quarter. I'm just wondering what programs and how many programs are left and what was going on that's kind of said? Was it an ROE, was it just people? What happened, because that has been one of tthey growth drivers for tthey insurance business and a couple of quarters wtheyre it's kind of slowed down a little bit? Thanks.  Dinos Iordanou With anything that we do, everything goes to an underwriting review once a year. I don't care ttheir programs or D&O division or E&O division, et cetera. At that point in time, ttheyre is an actuarial indication as to, what rates we'll charging, what is tthey profitability of that book of business and ttheyn ttheyre is what we will call tthey rate indication. Ttheyn ttheyre is a discussion with our partners. We are approactheyd with our program business is a -- we wanted to be a profitable. But also we want our MGUs to be profitable. You don't have a partnership, if one makes money and tthey ottheyr one doesn't and vice-versa. We want all of our MGAs, MGUs to be profitable and we want ourselves to be profitable. And ttheyn ttheyre is a discussion, ttheir is tthey market, ttheir is what we believe, we should be charging and sometimes ttheyre is disagreements. If tthey disagreement is large enough and we don't believe we can achieve that partnership going forward that both of us will make money ttheyn we'll make tthey hard decisions and ttheyn we decide to part companies and unfortunately it did happened for two of our programs that our rate indications and what we wanted to file and price that business in tthey marketplace was not in agreement with our partners and ttheyy chose to go elsewtheyre. Mark Lyons Just a little extra color. Those two programs annualized for about 45 million of gross written premium. We keep high nets on that, so apart from a net written premium number, firstly. And secondly, and it is pretty much even in terms of -- ttheyy’re both 20 in each. One thing to keep in mind though is that ttheir quarter one of those programs is very theyavy in tthey second quarter. So it was 250% [ph] of tthey total program. So tthey loss of that program is going to be more felt in ttheir quarter than tthey any ottheyr quarter for tthey balance in tthey year from that program.  Charles Sebaski What kind of products were ttheyse programs?  Mark Lyons Fast food was one, prefer not to really get into. But tthey underlying products ttheymselves are really package policies.  Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Jay Gelb from Barclays. Please proceed.  Jay Gelb On tthey M&A front, do you know -- you are very clear about focusing on adding teams of people and renewal rights transactions. And ttheyn seemingly third -- way third down tthey list is acquisitions of businesses. Since -- going back to even tthey recap of Arch in 2001, I don't think tthey Company has ever issued shares for acquisitions. Is ttheyre any circumstances wtheyre you could see that occurring in tthey future, given tthey massive phase of M&A in tthey industry? Dinos Iordanou Yes. We care a lot about our shares, it's our shareholders value. But if tthey transaction is large enough and our cash capability even though ttheyre is not significant leverage on tthey balance ttheyyet. So we do have borrowing ability to a certain degree depends on how big tthey transaction is, we’ll consider issuing shares but that’s tthey last consideration not tthey first. We try with all of our decisions not to dilute our common shareholders. We don't like a lot of dilution.  Mark Lyons And as a follow-up to that tthey way -- targeting back to Dinos's comments, I think about ttheir way, that tthey recruitment of any goodwill or any excess premium you pay relative to what we do in share buybacks. So if we’re looking for three paybacks and share buybacks wtheyre we know our operations, we know it's going on versus something that Dinos mentioned with a lot more uncertainty, tthey three year payback is in upper bound for recruitment of tangible book value hit towards and acquisition. So we’re very mindful of that.  Jay Gelb Okay. That's in line with what I would have thought. Mark, with regard to that buyback comment, you are in an enviable position of having a high multiple. Tthey stock today I think is right around 1.5 times book and I think that's starting to bump up against your tipping point on wtheyttheyr Arch does buybacks as opposed to special dividend. Can you give us your perspective on that? Mark Lyons That’s exactly Dinos's comment about us being prudent in how we do it. One side, I’ll be honest with you, it’s more of tthey stretch to do that unless you could find that profitable bock trades out ttheyre.  Dinos Iordanou But based on recent transactions has achieve stock.  Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Josh Shanker from Deutscthey Bank. Please proceed.  Josh Shanker So two questions. First of all, Mike Nannizzi asked a question about mortgage reinsurance versus mortgage primary. And you said in tthey margin, tthey reinsurance was more profitable because of tthey good accident years. If I think about reinsurance in general, companies have been bumping up [indiscernible] commissions. And wtheyn I talk to reinsurers, ttheyy say, our book, we use a lot of local players, so we get better deals. Clearly, tthey large companies are going to ARBU out. Wtheyn it seems that mortgage insurance is so profitable ttheyse days, how is mortgage reinsurance so profitable? Why aren't tthey large players charging to cede that risk? Dinos Iordanou For tthey simple reason that wtheyn ttheyse transactions are taken, ttheyn we get, in tthey mortgage phase you make a transaction in a particular year and you have a stream of revenue that comes over tthey six years, seven years. At tthey time that ttheyse transactions took place we were providing very valuable capacity to people that ttheyy needed capacity. And for that reason I think we had equally negotiating leverage as ttheyy did. Ttheyy needed our capital as much as we needed tthey business, so that’s a good combination and for that reason we got terms that are not disadvantageous to ttheym, but ttheyy are not disadvantageous to us eittheyr. Josh Shanker Okay, that makes sense. Number two, Mark went through in detail on tthey expense ratio for tthey insurance business. Mortgage insurance has grown dramatically over tthey past 12 months, but expense ratio really hasn't come down. Wtheyn should we think that's going to occur and why isn't that proportional with tthey growth rate of tthey new insurance written? Dinos Iordanou Tthey growth is starting to show, but don’t forget also we had an acceleration of expenses because we were building ttheyse marketing teams that is out ttheyre. We added in tthey last I don’t five quarters some 60 people, purely in tthey sales and marketing area. I think now we are on a steady state. So wtheyn it comes to that is not going be a significant addition in personnel, in a mortgage business, but as tthey volume starts going up you're going to start seeing tthey reduction in tthey expense ratio. Josh Shanker And one last MI question. How should I think about growth and capital? Do you need dividend money down into Arch Mortgage US in order to fund for your growth? Dinos Iordanou No, we gave you that number Josh, I think now we're operating at around 10, 9.7 I think is tthey exact number. Josh Shanker And you can get to 15 if you want. Dinos Iordanou As I'm getting older I don’t like to be exact because I forget things but -- and we got a lot of room to go to 15:1. So I don’t see us requiring to downstream capital into those operations for a couple of more years until -- I think I use it size 3 shoe to a size 9 foot, you know we still got tthey opposite, foot is size 3 and tthey shoes is size 9. We got a long way to grow to fill it. Mark Lyons But if you’re are asking more mechanically ttheyre is money in tthey U.S. holdings company that is ttheyre wtheyn anyone needed that’s tthey mechanism through which you'll get it. Josh Shanker Okay. Well thank you for all tthey answers. And good lack in tthey back half. Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Ryan Tunis from Credit Suisse. Please proceed. Ryan Tunis  I guess my first question is probably just for Mark, it's a quick one. Just on tthey E&S MI, you were talking about tthey jumbo loans. Is any of that showing up in tthey insurance in tthey mortgage NIW yet? Mark Lyons It's very, very tiny. It's really part of tthey value proposition that theylps us. But as of yet it does not have material lines. Ryan Tunis  And I guess maybe looking out over tthey next couple years, do you have a view on how much that type of stuff could make up of tthey total US MI business?  Mark Lyons No, it's a real crapshoot of what's going happen in macro economically. Dinos Iordanou And how ttheyse banks that going -- is really hard, tthey fact that we have that capability though. It opens towards and it allows for a better conversation as to what can we do for ttheyse banks beyond that odd are you going be ctheyaper than somebody else. Ryan Tunis  Okay. And ttheyn I guess for Dinos, just on expenses, I guess, and primary and reinsurance. Just trying to think about a level -- is ttheyre may be a level of growth that you think you need in tthey medium term to support your current expense growth profile? It doesn't seem --. Dinos Iordanou We never really run tthey company in any segment with tthey exception of MI because we think it's a very-very good time to grow on a growth prospect. Now, having said that, you’ve got to match revenue with expense as long as you don’t cut muscle and I will expect one or two points higtheyr expense ratio than normal, as long as I'm not losing underwriting capability because that underwriting capability can produce what it will cost you to maintain for a year, two or three in one quarter. Ttheyn we remind you guys that in tthey 2002 year our reinsurance operations produced on an underlying basis $790 million worth of premium and we had 22 people, right? And you it can come and I can tell you tthey profit coming out of that was significant. So at tthey end of tthey day it's tthey balance and you got to make those more judgments, but I can tell you if I got good experience underwriters ttheyy don’t have to worry about ttheyir jobs as long as with us. We’ll find things finds for ttheym to do and if ttheyy don’t, we'll have to ask ttheym to play golf until tthey good market comes. Ryan Tunis  Got it. Thanks guys. Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Meyer Shields from KBW. Please proceed. Meyer Shields Mark, you mentioned that you can't necessarily infer anything strategic from tthey shortening of tthey portfolio duration. So can I put that as more a direct question? It also could reflect something. Is ttheyre anything that we should read from tthey second-quarter change?  Mark Lyons No, let me expand on it, a bit. It is a point in time estimate as I've mentioned, but we continue to have tthey same exact process, wtheyre we look at tthey liability stream and with duration match it and however tthey assets underlying shareholders equity are shorter. So, ttheyre is no fundamental change to tthey overall philosophy, tthey overall approach of matching losses of duration, which I think is most important type.  So, ttheyre's going to be tactical moves that happened from quarter to quarter. So, I wouldn't look for some big ttheyme. Meyer Shields Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn just a quick numbers question. Wtheyn we look at tthey ottheyr expenses -- and I mean ttheir on a consolidated basis -- it came in at $17.4 million, up almost 17% year over year. Was ttheyre anything unusual ttheyre or is that a new good run rate?  Mark Lyons I would say, you have a slight increase in overall stock related compensation expense. For old dogs like me that are retirements eligible, ttheyre is different accounting treatment of a quicker recognition of those kinds of things. And it's a series of bunch of tiny things. So, it's not like an asterix for you if that’s your main driver. Operator Our next question will come from Brian Meredith from UBS. Please proceed. Brian Meredith A couple questions theyre for you. First, Mark, wtheyn you talked about rate on tthey portfolio, tthey minus 0.8%, you said that's net of reinsurance. What does it look like on a gross basis before reinsurance? And I'm wondering tthey advantages you're getting and how that has looked over tthey last year or two so we can get a sense. Mark Lyons Yes, it's a little worst. But it's converting -- now it was really tthey benefit of property CAT really and some ottheyr debt that really grows tthey differential. So, but I can’t get into exact numbers, it's a little bit worst on a gross basis, but that's exactly why you protect yourself with an effective ratio.  Brian Meredith Got you. And ttheyn tthey second question, looking at Watford Re, I'm just curious. Obviously, a lot of growth ttheyre on a year-over-year basis, it's relatively new. But are we getting to a point in tthey marketplace wtheyre even Watford is going to potentially have to pull back a little bit, given tthey rate competition out ttheyre?  Dinos Iordanou Well, it will depend. If tthey same underwriting process that we have for everything else we do, tthey only difference between what Watford will do versus, what Arch will do is we believe that ttheyy've ability as ttheyy take a little more risk on tthey investment side to produce a higtheyr return on tthey investments gets factored in, but ttheyy can be -- ttheyy’re turning down business tool. So, without having something in front of me, an account to go through is very hard to predict and that's why we never predict volumes because tthey market can be very fickle, it can churn on a dime eittheyr way, you can get much worst quickly and you can get much better quickly depending on what happens Our projection is that -- probably getting worse before it will get better and for that reason, we're very, very careful in our underwriting processes. So, we don't have ttheyse kind of feeling that we get too optimistic on tthey basis that things will change quickly and ttheyn we can make it up in tthey future. We tried to write accounts that in our view will produce an adequate return and that's why you saw a volume gone down a bit. Brian Meredith Right. Is ttheyre any business that you perhaps would have kept on Arch's balance ttheyyet last year that now all of a sudden is going to Watford's balance ttheyyet because of what's going on with rates? Are we seeing that? Dinos Iordanou Yes, ttheyre is some of that, yes, absolutely, that's why -- and that was tthey purpose of us, creating Watford instead of throwing that business totally ours, at least -- we can go to applies that we get participation. We have on investment in it, ttheyy keeps us aligned in that and also we can benefit from tthey -- on sharing some of tthey course because if you discard tthey business you have no revenue at all, wtheyre if you riding it, you're getting reimburse for tthey cost of riding it and ttheyn potential that you have also tthey profit, sharing in tthey back end.  So, yes, ttheyre is some of that business that ottheyrwise would have been lost by us, but it has gone to Watford, yes. Mark Lyons Brian, Watford has its own management team and ttheyy have tthey ability on yea and nay on contracts but let's move forward in year, it's possible Watford forget Arch and Watford. So, Watford itself may decide to not renew something that ttheyy've found in tthey prior year because of ongoing rates separation or yields nothing realize -- something in that nature. So, it's not just an Arch chances, it's completely on Watford sense in ttheyir evaluation.  Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Jay Cotheyn from Bank of America. Please proceed.  Jay Cotheyn Most of my questions were answered. Just one question on tthey mortgage segment. Tthey accident year loss ratio jumps around quite a bit quarter-to-quarter. It's a relatively new business, I understand that. At some point, should we expect that number to settle down into a more narrow range going forward?  Mark Lyons Tthey answer is accident year in mortgage business doesn't make much sense. It's after all tthey function of tthey delinquencies and ttheyn claims emanating from tthey delinquencies, until ttheyre is claim we can’t put a reserve of body, you can't anticipate performing loans becoming non-performing or having claims M&A from it. So we railed against tthey accounting proceeds statutory accounting in that business. So started jumping around. Dinos Iordanou I'll focus most on tthey delinquencies. It's tthey better measure than anything else.  Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Please proceed.  Ian Gutterman  So I actually was going to ask something similar to Jay, so just to follow that up. Mark, can you just walk through a little bit -- you mentioned it was mostly tthey reinsurance loss issue that came in lower and it's not like ttheyre was some contracts that were reviewed. I guess can you sort of walk through that process? Is that sort of an annual review or was it just you got new information in tthey quarter and you reflected that?  Mark Lyons Ian it's no different than any sector of our business. Ttheyre was reserve reviews by tthey business unit actuaries that occur every quarter. And it just happened that those particular treaties had enough information and forward review that it was going to develop more favorably and it was recognized.  Dinos Iordanou It's ttheyir reporting from tthey clients. Wtheyn ttheyy are showing significant improvement you can’t ignore it and ttheyy have shown significant improvement. Mark Lyons But just like tthey PC reinsurance side, it's completely analogous.  Ian Gutterman  Well, that's what I was wondering. Was it reports from tthey client -- it was a little bit different market.  Dinos Iordanou Report from tthey clients showing significant improvement.  Ian Gutterman  Got it. So it wasn't that you guys went in and looked at tthey contracts on your own and decided to lower tthey roll rate or something like that. It was that incoming information was significantly better and that you had to adjust to that.  Dinos Iordanou Yes, pleasant surprise for both ttheym and us.  Ian Gutterman  And do you get that information on ttheym quarterly or is that once a year thing or? Dinos Iordanou Quarterly  Ian Gutterman  Got it, okay. And ttheyn just on M&A, one of tthey things that gets speculated upon is tthey ability for you or some ottheyrs on tthey island to theylp sponsor an inversion of someone who wants to get offshore. A, just is that a meaningful rationale to do a deal that is -- meets your criteria on ottheyr metrics, but maybe not as strongly as anottheyr deal that was better strategically and so forth? And did it have a singled [ph] to it? And ttheyn I have a follow-up on that. Dinos Iordanou Like I said price and financial is tthey fourth item, so if tthey first three meet criteria, we would get into tthey forth and by tthey way our view is both in us purchasing something or somebody purchasing us because, unless your my wife who says tthey house is not for sale, you are going to have tthey right price, tthey house is for sale, I’ll sell my house if somebody gives me tthey right price. So no emotion theyre. Our view is we’re employed by tthey shareholders to do tthey best job for our shareholders and ttheyre is nothing more to think about ottheyr than that.  Ian Gutterman  Got it. And ttheyn specifically just to follow-up on tthey inversion specifically -- I don't know how closely you guys have followed ttheir. But I guess my understanding is that wtheyn Treasury made those changes last year that if a company like Arch were to buy a company in tthey United States and invert ttheym that depending on how it was structured, ttheyre's chance Arch could lose its tax status. Is that your understanding? That essentially inversions are kind of on hold until Treasury clarifies that language?  Dinos Iordanou I have no idea because we haven't studied that and I don't have any more insight to it, it's highly a legal question than a structure question, if you want more, I'll do some research on it and offline we’ll share our thoughts with you. But it hasn't come across my desk as a situation that I have to focus on.  Mark Lyons That topic we really just focused on that fact that we recapitalized back in 2001 and all legislation and all proposals really had a grandfattheyr clause. So I know you are asking a forward view but our look and tthey evaluation of that has been tthey preservation of what we have.  Ian Gutterman  Yes, I'm asking if you wanted to do a transaction, ttheyre's no issue. Ttheyre was some language I read about -- I can follow-up with Don off-line. But if you were to buy something, it could affect tthey status possibly, so I didn't know if that was a hang up. That's all I was wondering, but I'll follow up with Don. Dinos Iordanou It does as part of tthey mix. Would you think I'll do something stupid for my shareholders?  Ian Gutterman  Of course not, just seeing if I was reading tthey language right, but you are not familiar we can follow-up offline.  Operator And our final question will come from tthey line of Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley.  Kai Pan So first question on tthey underwriting margin going forward. It looks like tthey last price spot on long-tail casualty primary business, tthey pricing now below tthey cost trends. So are we expecting -- so on tthey reason basis, tthey underwriting margin will deteriorate. And anything in your power you can alleviate that or control that deterioration? Mark Lyons Yes, tthey answer is yes to both of ttheym. We always talk about tthey mix of business, ttheyse guys are active cycle managers, wtheyttheyr it's within reinsurance or within insurance and wtheyn you see it going negative, you can eittheyr drop something your -- attempt to drop some of in front as volume but perhaps, as Dinos talked about earlier tthey reinsurance market is in a place wtheyre we can get attracted terms. And get some benefit on that on net basis. So tthey insurance group will be looking for that change in mix, frontend and change in reinsurance ameliorate some of that. So, and mix alone could change that guy. So, on tthey written basis, in a quarter or two from now even with no changes in reinsurance related programs by tthey cycle management that one could be a plus 2 or plus 2.5. Kai Pan Okay. On tthey reinsurance side, and it looks like ttheir quarter, you said actually, tthey accident year loss ratio X CATs improved a little year over year. It's just because of lower level of losses or anything ttheyre? Mark Lyons Well that was tthey insurance comment. Tthey insurance probably wtheyre you control for tthey large threshold was really tthey same loss ratio second quarter -- accident quarter, second quarter last year to second quarter ttheir year. Tthey reinsurance group it did go up a bit, but that’s tthey function of tthey mix to businesses because we’re not writing tthey property CAT. And we are near to tthey levels we used to in tthey past which has a much lower expected loss ratio. Kai Pan Okay, that's great. Ttheyn last question on tthey recently proposed IRS rules on Payflex [ph], I just wonder if any comments, what are you seeing about Watford's status on that? Dinos Iordanou Like I said, I mean we will -- you know Watford is an active insurer. It assumes tthey tremendous of amount of reinsurance. Ttheyir proposed rules are a working progress, so we don’t know tthey final rules but we will continue to monitor that processes and we have no -- we don’t believe ttheyre is problem for us complying with whatever rules ttheyy come up, because lets go back to tthey first thing, Watford is an active insurer that assumes a significant amount of reinsurance and it has significant of reserves. Operator I'll now like to turn tthey call back over to Dinos for closing remark. Dinos Iordanou Well thank you all for and we are looking forward to talking to you next quarter. And it's time for lunch. Operator Ladies and gentlemen you may now disconnect. Have a great day.