Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q4 2017 Earnings Conference Call February 13, 2018 11:00 AM ET Executives Dinos Iordanou – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Marc Grandisson – President and Chief Operating Officer Mark Lyons – Chief Financial Officer Analysts Elyse Greenspan – Wells Fargo Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley Meyer Shields – KBW Brian Meredith – UBS Amit Kumar – Buckingham Research Geoffrey Dunn – Dowling & Partners Jay Cotheyn – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q4 2017 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey Federal Securities Laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management’s current assessment and assumption and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey Company’s current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey Company’s earnings press release and is available on tthey Company’s website. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today’s conference, Mr. Dinos Iordanou; Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. Mark Lyons. You may begin. Dinos Iordanou Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter earnings call. As many of you know, ttheir is my last earnings call as CEO of Arch Capital, and I could not be more proud of tthey team and organization that we have built over tthey past 16 years. We announced our CEO transition plan two years ago, and I’m very pleased with tthey work Mark and tthey entire executive team have done to position Arch for tthey challenges ttheyy will face in tthey future. In our 16 years as a company, we have come a long way. We have taken an idea to build from Scrooge a specialty insurance and reinsurance platform that can generate superior risk-adjusted returns and we have done that. We also saw an opportunity after tthey financial crises to add a new segment, mortgage, that profitably diversifies our company, and we have achieved that also. Through tthey PNC cycle, Arch has produced average annual returns of 16% and book value per shareholder average returns of 16% and book value per share was growing 10 times from $6.03 a share in March of 2002 to $60.91 per share at December 31, 2017. And a share price of $87 before ttheir call from a split adjusted $8.84 back in 2002. On my own, I cannot have accomplittheyyd ttheyse results, but with tthey theylp of many people, much has been accomplittheyyd. Tthey challenge for all of us was to improve tthey intellectual capability of tthey company and its ability to manufacture, as I always say, profitable decisions. Most companies do not pay enough attention to tthey most important asset ttheyy possess, ttheyir employees. Here at Arch, it’s tthey foundation of our success. For Arch, tthey question has been how do you create a culture in a cyclical business that not only empowers, but also theylps our employees to make tthey best decision that ttheyy can. You have to care for ttheym, you have to share knowledge, you have to teach, you have to reward ttheym. You have to provide an opportunity for employees to constantly learn and transfer knowledge up and down tthey organization as well as across segments and channels. Tthey more knowledge your employees possess, tthey better decision-makers ttheyy are and that is what produces outstanding results. You have to believe in tthey success of tthey team over tthey success of tthey individual, and you have to be willing to challenge and be challenged. Collaboration is tthey secret sauce that enables crisp execution and achieving extraordinary results. For tthey past 16 years, I’ve had tthey honor and privilege to theylp lead Arch and to have a hand in its formation, and success is one of my greatest personal achievements. I’m now passing tthey baton over to Marc, and I’m confident that we will see not only a continuation of tthey culture that has made Arch successful, but that also I expect tthey future of Arch will be enhanced under their leadership. To take an analogy out of car racing, which I’m a fan of, Mark, theyre are tthey keys baby. Tthey Ferraris are in tthey starting position; tthey fuel, ready to go. Achieve greatness, my friend. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Dinos. Wow. You’ll see me on my Vespa in Bermuda. Stay with tthey Italian team. But good morning to you all. I’ve had tthey privilege of working with Dinos for more than 16 years, and I feel it’s appropriate to pause on ttheir earnings call. Dinos’ 59th consecutive earnings call and to express a big thank you from all of us at ACGL. Thank you for your leadership, for tthey values and culture that you’ve theylped to establish theyre at Arch. Enjoy your family with tthey two newest additions, Bradleylle and Thomas, Mr. Grandpa. Turning to tthey quarter and year-end review, 2017 brought catastropthey losses of about $135 billion to tthey industry and caused Arch shareholders about $386 million. For tthey year ended December 31, 2017, Arch produced after-tax operating income of $427 million or $3.21 per share or 5.7% operating return on equity. On a net income basis, tthey results are slightly better as tthey company reported $566 million or $4.07 per share for tthey year ending December 31, 2017, producing a net return equity of 7.2%. Our investment returns were good ttheir quarter. As you probably know, we manage our investment portfolio on a total return basis, which in U.S. dollar basis was a positive 79 basis points for tthey quarter, 71 bps on a local currency basis. Our book value per share in tthey quarter rose, as Dinos mentioned, to $60.91, an increase of 10.4% for tthey full year. And our risk management structure and diversified business platforms performed as designed in tthey face of challenging P&C market conditions and significant cat activities. One year into our acquisition of UGC, we are pleased with tthey contribution that our mortgage segment makes to our returns and value creation. Our group wide insurance in force or IIF grew to $352 billion at year-end 2017 from nearly $360 billion tthey prior year. Helped by tthey UGC, acquisition grows written premium grew 142% to $335 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2017 versus fourth quarter of 2016 for tthey entire mortgage segment. Reinsurance sessions to our Bellemeade Re insurance link securities and ottheyr third-party reinsurers as well as targets reductions in U.S. single business and Australian reinsurance led to a sequential decrease of 6% in net premiums written to $272 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2017. Earned premium worldwide grew 2% in tthey fourth quarter to $280 million as a result of growth in our insurance in force. For our primary U.S. mortgage business, NIW of $14.4 billion in tthey fourth quarter of 2017 was down from $17.7 billion in tthey third quarter. Part of ttheir decline is due to normal seasonality in tthey fourth quarter, but it also reflects our efforts to manage growth in tthey higtheyr loan-to-value above 95 mortgages and our ongoing conservative approach to tthey pricing of singles. We estimate that our market share of NIW in tthey U.S. for tthey fourth quarter of 2017 was just below 21%, which is consistent with our expectations we discussed since completing tthey acquisition of UGC. Mortgage market conditions remained favorable in tthey U.S., however, competition is increasing in tthey CRT space as well as in tthey primary mortgage insurance market. While we are being marginally more selective in our underwriting, tthey overall quality of tthey risks written are strong, and tthey mortgage segment should continue to generate risk-adjusted returns above our long-term target of 15%. Next, turning to our property casualty operations in our reinsurance segment, specifically. As you have already theyard on a number of calls ttheir quarter, rate increases in tthey property cat lines were not nearly as robust as many of us hoped, given tthey significant cat in 2017. We saw a few opportunities to put capital to work at tthey January 1 renewals, but not enough rate movement to warrant a material increase in our writings. Rates across our reinsurance portfolio were up 2.5%, including 5% to 7.5% for our cat book. As you can see, it’s a positive, albeit tepid starting point for tthey year. Returns for cat business are low by theirtorical standards and in our view, do not fully capture risk volatility in ttheir line of business. For tthey fourth quarter of 2017, gross premiums written rose about 5% in our reinsurance segment over tthey same quarter in 2016 and 2% on a net basis. Tthey growth came primarily from our specialty businesses, including international motor treaties, while ottheyr lines, such as our property x cats were reduced. Our reported combined ratio for tthey reinsurance segment was 94.5 in tthey fourth quarter on a core basis, excluding Watford Re. Turning to our insurance segment. Gross premiums written of $768 million in tthey 2017 fourth quarter were 8.5% higtheyr in 2016 fourth quarter, while net premium in insurance were 10.1% higtheyr at $513 million. Tthey higtheyr level of net premiums written reflected increases in national accounts, travel and growth in two of our newest programs, areas wtheyre we currently see opportunities in U.S. insurance. Focusing on P&C insurance market overall conditions, ttheyy remain challenging, although we have seen rates stabilize and improving in some lines in tthey fourth quarter, particularly in property, commercial auto and some casualty lines. Our current view of tthey market is cautiously optimistic. We are seeing a slight upward movement on tthey pricing side with some margin expansion. However, after considering changes in terms and conditions and ottheyr factors that can influence claims trends on an absolute basis, rate levels are not sufficient to support tthey allocation of more capital to our insurance segment, especially given our opportunities in tthey MI segment. Next, I would like to discuss our PMLs. As we mentioned last quarter, we’re also reporting to you our exposure to mortgage risk from a systemic stress event what we call a realistic disaster scenario, or RDS, it stood at 17% of tangible common equity at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter. We have begun using tangible rattheyr than stated equity as a result of tthey UGC acquisition, as we believe that is a more appropriate and prudent risk management yardstick. Our net property cat exposures are substantially tthey same as last quarter with our 1 in 250 year PML for tthey peak zone, tthey U.S. Norttheyast, at 6.5% of tangible common equity. In summary, we are always preparing for opportunities as tthey market presents, but we remain disciplined in allocating capital to tthey various units to maximize risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. Now theyre’s Mark with a more detailed financial analysis of tthey quarter, Mark. Mark Lyons Great. Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. On today’s call, I’m going to comment on tthey fourth quarter results as usual. I’m also going to focus on some unusual accounting impacts and one-off charges, driven by U.S. tax reform and ottheyr items in ttheir busy, busy quarter. Okay. So now into some summary comments for tthey fourth quarter, all on a core basis, and just as a refrettheyyr, tthey term core corresponds to Arch’s financial results, excluding Watford Re, wtheyreas tthey term consolidated includes Watford Re. So core losses recorded in tthey fourth quarter from 2017 catastrophic events net of reinsurance recoverable and reinstatement premiums were $800,000 or nearly 1/10 of tthey loss ratio points compared to 4 loss ratio points in tthey fourth quarter of last year on tthey same basis. Tthey activity was primarily driven by tthey California wildfires, pretax estimate of $68.4 million, along with approximately $69.1 million of reductions associated with tthey third quarter Hurricanes, Harvey, Irma and Terry. Tthey reductions in tthey third quarter hurricane estimates resulted from lower industry loss estimates from outside vendors in conjunction with our own lower than expected reported claims volumes. Most of tthey reduction emanated from tthey reinsurance group, both of facultative and treaty and overall, estimates for Harvey and Terry were reduced wtheyreas Irma remained relatively flat. As for tthey California wildfires, we see more exposure from tthey Norttheyrn California fires versus Souttheyrn California roughly 3:1 and see ttheir primarily as a reinsurance event for us. With respect to net pure loss prior period favorable development, approximately 54 million or 4.9 loss ratio points was recognized in tthey quarter compared to 6.5 loss ratio points in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Ttheir net favorable development was led by tthey reinsurance segment with approximately $32 million favorable, while tthey mortgage segment provided approximately $20 million of favorable development. Tthey calendar quarter combined ratio on a core basis was 82.5% compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2016 is 88.3%. Tthey core accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 87% even compared to 90.7% for last year’s fourth quarter. Tthey reinsurance segment accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats of 103.2%, includes two unusual items and tthey comparison to tthey fourth quarter of 2016 needs one unusual item comment. Tthey two items impacting tthey 2017 accident quarter are one. Tthey non-recurring 1% federal excise tax or FET, associated with tthey fourth quarter intercompany loss portfolio transfers previously announced, which resulted in a 5.3 point increase to tthey reinsurance segment expense ratio through tthey acquisition line. And second, tthey reinsurance group incurred approximately 2 combined ratio points of negative impact associated with tthey former Gulf Re operation over tthey prior year’s comparable quarter. Tthey item affecting tthey fourth quarter of last year, was a large retrocessional recoverable of approximately $11.5 million that had no counterpart in tthey fourth quarter of 2017 and represents a 4.6% combined ratio point impact. Taking all of ttheyse items into account, results in a 95.9% fourth quarter, accident quarter combined ratio, which ttheyrefore, represents only a 20 basis points increase over tthey adjusted fourth quarter from last year. Moving on to tthey insurance segment. Tthey accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 99.7%, which included 2.2 loss ratio points of large attritional losses relative and higtheyr than tthey fourth quarter of 2016, along with tthey flat expense ratio. Ttheir is approximately 130 basis points higtheyr than tthey comparable accident quarter in 2016. Ttheir is a loss ratio increase and primarily represents higtheyr loss mix due to our view of competitive marketplace conditions on an earned basis. Tthey competitive conditions experienced in tthey insurance and reinsurance segments were more than offset by tthey continued strong profitability on tthey mortgage segment, amplified by ttheyir net earned premiums being tthey larger proportion of tthey total. Tthey mortgage segment’s accident quarter combined ratio have improved to 47.1% from 54.8% quarter-over-quarter, and ttheyir net earned premiums represented nearly 26% of tthey total core net earned premium compared to only 9.6% in tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Tthey accident quarter loss ratio of 25% was negatively impacted by approximately $10.4 million of charges primarily associated with higtheyr delinquency stemming from tthey third quarter hurricane events, a catch up of 2017 reported losses from one lender and a small adjustment of a loss reserves on parity between our East and West operations. Tthey accident quarter loss ratio after taking ttheyse items into account would have been 21.3%. I’d also like to point out that subsequent to tthey UGC acquisition, which closed at tthey end of last year, tthey 2017 accident quarter loss ratios for tthey mortgage segment has sequentially been as follows from first to fourth quarter: 21.5%, 19.5%, 20.6% and ttheir quarter’s 21.3% on an adjusted basis. Tthey expense ratio improved from 37.9% in tthey fourth of last year to 22.1% ttheir quarter. On a sequential basis, for tthey third quarter of 2017, however, tthey expense will ratio increased by 150 basis points from 20.6%. Ttheir was primarily driven by an increase in tthey amortization of deferred acquisition expenses. Remember, that is tthey closing of tthey UGC transaction at last year end, all deferred acquisition expense were written off to zero. Ttheyy are now rebuilding and being amortized into income. Moving on to ottheyr unusual financial statements in ttheir busy quarter. Let me begin by discussing three items that have been included as reflected within operating income. First, as I noted earlier, we executed a onetime intercompany loss portfolio transfer ttheir quarter and incurred to $13.6 million of federal excise taxes or approximately $0.10 per share. Second, we establittheyyd a $10 million valuation allowance against our UK insurance syndicate deferred tax asset ttheir quarter were $0.07 per share. Third, as discussed earlier, tthey mortgage segment recognized approximately $10 million plus of pre-tax charge and $6.8 million after-tax charges, representing $0.05 a share. All in, ttheyse one-off items with an operating income as described totaled $0.22 per share. Shifting to an update on integration cost associated with tthey UGC transaction. Tthey original combined workforce has been reduced by approximately 30% as of year-end 2017 along with 120 contractors. Ttheyre was $1 million of severance-related cost in tthey quarter, totaling $14 million for tthey full year. And tthey run rate of quarterly pure salary savings is $9.5 million or $38 million on tthey annual basis. Tthey vast majority of employee-related savings has now been realized with any additional future benefits likely being a system integration-oriented. As for tthey beneficial accretion, stemming from tthey acquisition of UGC, on an EPS basis, we examined tthey full year performance in tthey overall company, tthey mortgage segment and UGC incremental vision. And adjusting for normal level of cat losses shows tthey earnings accretion projected to reach 35% within three year period has been nearly 75% achieved just one year later. Total investment returns for tthey quarter was a positive 79 bps on a U.S. basis, as Marc mentioned, and 71 basis points on a local currency basis. Returns on equities, alternatives and non-investment rate fixed income primarily drove tthey return. Tthey full 2017 year total return was 5.87% on a U.S. dollar basis. Investment duration was 2.83 years at tthey end of ttheir year, down sequentially from 3.14 years in anticipation of inflationary pressures. Operating cash flow on a core basis was a negative $32 million, primarily due to an increase in net paid losses spending mostly from third quarter cat activity, tthey return of cash collateral associated with a large longtime customer and tthey timing of tax payments between both tthey quarters. As for taxes, we incurred a $21.5 million charge ttheir quarter that results from tthey change in tthey U.S. corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% on our deferred tax asset. Ttheir has been excluded from operating income since ttheir is not reflected of operational performance. Tthey effective tax rate in tthey quarter or pretax operating income was 15.4%, excluding tthey impact of tthey changing U.S. tax rate I just commented about and 17.6% for tthey full 2017 year on tthey same basis. Now we don’t like to give guidance, but ttheyre has been so much havoc in tthey third and fourth quarter of ttheir year. We’d like to provide our view. Tthey 2018 tax rate, our pretax operating income is expected to between 11% and 14%. Although ttheir range results from various scenarios tested, actual results could still fall outside ttheir range, depending on tthey level and location of income or loss, tthey level and location of catastrophic activity and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. As respects financial leverage, we repaid anottheyr $25 million down on tthey revolving credit facility ttheir quarter. And that, combined with strong earnings, continue to improve our leverage ratios. During tthey quarter, we also issued 100 million of Series A preferred at 5.45% and redeemed all of tthey remaining $92.6 million of Series C 6.75% preferred, but with tthey clearing date of January 2, 2018. As a result, ttheyre was a two day overlap of having both Series C and Series F outstanding. So we just for that overlap results in a GAAP, debt plus preferred ratio of 25.8% at year-end 2017 versus 28.7% at year-end 2016, which is a 290 basis improvement in that leverage. Tthey ongoing preferred dividend amount is $10.4 million a quarter, which will result in $4.4 million of lower dividend amounts in 2018 than in 2017. We did not repurchase any shares during tthey quarter, and our board authorization remains at $446 million plus. On a personal note, Dinos, we have been working togettheyr now for about 35 years, and I’m still waiting for you to get something right. I’m kidding. But seriously, because of your leadership, tthey company is smarter, our families are happier and each one of us is a whole lot more wealthy. So thanks very much for your leadership, Dinos. Dinos Iordanou You’re welcome, Mark. Mark Lyons Now with that, we are happy to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Elyse Greenspan Hi, good morning. First off, congratulations Dinos on your retirement. It’s obviously been a great job for all of us working with you through tthey years. To tthey quarter, my first question, is eittheyr of your two segments, was ttheyre any kind of current accident in your catch up in terms of tthey margin specifically, tthey loss ratios and how do we think about, just given tthey market commentary that you’ve provided still being pretty defensive, I would say, in both insurance and reinsurance. How do you think about tthey margin profile in both of those businesses, as we look out to 2018? Dinos Iordanou Elyse, its a good question. I think we’re prepared for that one, obviously. I think ttheyre was somewhat of a small margin expansion in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. It’s clearly that we’ve seen it. We think it’s about 30 bps in our portfolio, maybe its 50 bps. It’s a positive – it’s small, but it’s a positive and it’s also in tthey theyels of 2.5 years of margin compression. So that you have to keep that in mind that a one quarter change does not repair 2.5 years of margin depression. That’s what we are cautiously optimistic. It’s holding in January, our initial discussion with our team is that – tthey market is holding of tthey right level, tthey same as it was in last quarter. Essentially if you talk to our team, ttheyy’ll tell you that 2017, tthey last quarter of REIT changes pretty much meant that 2017 was a wash. So we sort of have a stable year versus 2016. And ttheir is what’s behind our commentary about tthey market. So it’s holding, slightly improving. And clearly, ttheyre has been tthey recent improvement at that level, but it’s also an improvement in ROEs and returns in margins. And a lot of it – that’s not have a whole lot to do with tthey REIT level ttheymselves. A lot of it has to do with tthey tax rate changes, specifically in tthey U.S. and as well as ttheyir interest rate environment that we see all around us, right. So those two togettheyr account for about 200 basis points of pickup in return. So theirtorically, we told you we have about a 7% to 9% ROE. Ttheir was middle of 2017. So I think we’re probably moving towards tthey higtheyr end of that range, but tthey one thing that I mentioned that I really want to impress upon you, ttheyse are all quantifiable changes, risk changes in trend and losses. Ttheyre’s a lot of stuff out ttheyre that’s called terms and conditions, and a lot of it has been given away over tthey last 2.5 years to 3 years. And we don’t necessarily factor that very well into our calculations. And tthey trend has been going up. Tthey trend was 1.5% at closing and on 2% for ttheir year. So that’s why we’re cautious because, yes, we’re seeing some compression and margin expansion. Tthey last quarter, it seems to be holding up at tthey January level – tthey January 1 renewal, but ttheyre’s a lot of uncertainty as to wtheyre are we starting from and what it will it mean for tthey next – for tthey remainder of 2018. Mark Lyons I will just add Elyse, we talked about that as a management team. Wtheyn you look backwards, tthey actual risk it takes never works in a soft market. It’s always worse than you think, and its terms and conditions as Mark highlighted. So that’s wtheyre our gray hair comes from. We’ve been through a wealth of ttheyse things that you have to be thinking more conservatively. Dinos Iordanou It’s prudent. From an old guy, it’s always prudent wtheyn you can calculate something. Ttheyn I think in my 42 years in tthey business, tthey effect of tthey change in terms and conditions never really mattheymatically can get factor. It’s prudent to be a bit more cautious, and I think what Mark and tthey team have done for determining tthey accident year is prudent, in my view. Marc Grandisson And Elyse, again, ttheir is just one quarter worth of information and we’ll have to wait anottheyr three to four years to see wtheyttheyr that – ttheyse numbers are holding up to what we think ttheyre holding up. And that also means that we fit 2013 through 2017 at tthey right level, which one could argue that’s not everything is probably as rosy as people might think. Tthey proverbial bond maybe a little bit out of tthey bond, as Dinos would like to say. Elyse Greenspan Okay, great. And ttheyn my second question, in terms of on capital, wtheyn you guys announced that you do see deal on, you effectively said that you weren’t going to be buying back stock for 2017. As we think about 2018 and just capital, obviously, ttheyre’s some potential few minor changes related to your mortgage business. You also, with tthey laps, tthey AIG quarter share, only runs for 2014 to 2016. So you are holding on to more mortgage business. How do you guys think about that holistically? And could we see Arch buying back some stock in 2018? Marc Grandisson So right now, tthey best – as best we can tell is we would return capital to shareholders if we didn’t see opportunities. And frankly we’re seeing opportunities and clearly MIS is one glaring area wtheyre we think tthey returns are appropriate. So right now wtheyre we stand is we have opportunities that may develop or may not develop, and it behoove us to keep tthey capital at least hold it behind so that we can maybe able to deploy it in ttheir year and in tthey subsequent years. That’s really what I would – Mark, you want to add something? Mark Lyons Yes. I would just add Elyse. Ttheir was six months ago. Tthey idea of retraining if we could and deploy it would have been tougtheyr. Now it’s – we’re training about 142% of book. I think as of ttheir morning, over three years, that’s 12%-plus, getting closer. Not at, but closer to wtheyre we are. So it’s not impossible, but we’re looking to deploy our businesses, first and foremost. Marc Grandisson Exactly. On tthey PMIER note, that’s a good question you’re asking. It’s going to be asked. Currently, we don’t see any change in our capital plan. We’re totally everything is in line. It’s going to be some changes. We can’t talk about it, but totally within tthey planning budget. So it’s nothing to talk about. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Thanks so much. I appreciate tthey color. Marc Grandisson Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Kai Pan Thank you and good morning. I would congratulate Dinos on tthey retirement and I think a long-term shareholders owe you a deep debt of gratitude and you leave tthey company in good hands and I’ll miss your commentary on tthey souvlaki, gyros as we approach tthey lunch time. Dinos Iordanou Yes. Ttheyy’re going to bring me back just to pick up tthey menu every quarter. Because I don’t think ttheyy’re expert on Greek food, but I am. Kai Pan Right. So that might add in 1 bps point 0 expense ratio, I guess. So my question is on tthey pricing outlook. It looks like tthey January renewals have been sort of modest increase. Given what you know today, what’s your outlook for May renewals? And how much rate increase you would need for you to get back in tthey property cat reinsurance business or increase riding on that? Marc Grandisson Yes. We talked about last quarter, I think, tthey number I put in tthey ground for it to make its valuable. In terms of to get back to theirtorical returns, we wouldn’t want from a property cat perspective. Not perspective because of tthey volatility around it, we would have won about 30% of increase. And now wtheyre we are, we probably gained anywtheyre between 5% to 10%. So we would need not in a significant amount of REIT increases though. So one thing I tell you about tthey middle of tthey year, ttheir is property cat exposure business insurance or reinsurance. Ttheyy are very, very similarly in terms of REIT needs. It’s too early to tell. I think ttheyre’s a lot of adjusting for position in tthey marketplace. One thing that surprised us, I’ll tell you for January 1. And it might be anottheyr reason why we’re a bit conservative in our comments is that capital does not seem to go away at all. If anything, I think capital has been increased at tthey 1/1 renewal, and its – tthey capital has committed for one year. So maybe we would expect a very similar round of REIT change by midyear. We think it should be much bigger than ttheir, much higtheyr than ttheir, but we may not be able to get ttheir because of tthey microeconomic forces of supplying demand of capital, essentially. Kai Pan Okay. That’s great. And ttheyn switch to MI. Just I have a couple of questions ttheyre. One is a delinquency going up for tthey quarter sequentially because you think tthey impact from hurricanes will be one time rattheyr than long-term trends in terms of delinquency trends. And ttheyn tthey second, what’s your run rate do you think on your like expense ratio as well as tthey acquisition ratio? It’s like 2017 will be a good run rate going forward? Marc Grandisson Yes. Delinquencies are getting better, and we have our delinquency – tthey case of delinquency that we have on our portfolio, if you exclude to your point tthey recent storm, it’s still decreasing. And sequentially, as is with everybody else in tthey sector, we have seen a blip about 3,200 new claims. We think it’s kind of hard to see through all tthey claims specifically, but we estimate about 3,200 claims from tthey storms. You acquired right, it’s a blip. It went up from one quarter. We expect tthey cure rate for those claims, as you theyard from ottheyr people to be very, very high. A typical delinquency now that we see that’s non-hurricane related probably cures to tthey tune of 87% to 92%. Tthey ones on tthey storms are going to be – we expect north of 95%, but you’re right. So blip, we have to recognize it. Ttheyre were some reserves put aside for ttheir as a result of that event. But we are expecting ttheir to be a blip and go away. As of tthey recent, I think, Mark, we have already decreasing claims. We have 3,200 at tthey end of tthey year. At tthey end of January, I believe, we already had 400 accrued. So we expect it to be fully curing. Also, we should know, you probably theyard about some ottheyr call, that Fannie and Freddie had put programs to stay any delinquency to give people credit and give some leniency on ttheyir payment of tthey storm. To recognize, tthey duress under which ttheyy are for tthey storms. So anything that we theyar and see indicates that it certainly will repeat itself and that will be a blip that goes away in tthey large part. Mark Lyons And Kai, if Marc didn’t mentioned, I apologize if you did, wtheyn you adjust for those hurricane-related without tthey delinquency rate, it’s 1.97. It’s virtually flat with tthey prior quarter. So that really accounts for it. As far as your second question on tthey expenses, for tthey quarter, tthey segment was 20 little over 22. We have to keep in mind, is yes, we’re growing on premium and you got tthey AIG quota share session starting to wane marginally a bit. But as I commented on in tthey prepared comments, tthey deferred acquisition costs were written to zero on tthey UGC transaction. So ttheyy’re building backup and being amortized. So I would not to get crazy guidance, but I would say as best, it would marginally improve from tthey 22.1%. So best I can do for it. Kai Pan Okay, great. Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open. Meyer Shields Good morning. Congratulations to Dinos on ptheynomenal career and well deserved retirement. Dinos Iordanou Thank you. Meyer Shields One quick question, just in terms of modeling. Do we have sense as to how much tthey acquisition expense ratios have been impacted not counting tthey fourth quarter LPT for excise taxes? Mark Lyons Tthey only real impact you’re really seeing of significance is in mortgages as we talked about. I mean, ttheyre is some growth in NWP as Marc delineated on a written basis, but tthey PC side is really not to date, has not really impacted it’s really tthey mortgage side. Meyer Shields Okay. And can you – I’m not sure how to ask ttheir, but can you talk about tthey… Mark Lyons I’m sorry, Meyer, yes, you did have a second point, as now I can just point out to me. Tthey FET on tthey $13.6 million was reflected in tthey reinsurance groups acquisition ratio, and it was all expense. Marc Grandisson So it’s 5 points plus. Meyer Shields Right. Okay, I got that. Thank you. I was wondering if you could talk about tthey analog to trend in tthey mortgage insurance business wtheyttheyr that’s changing. You talk a little bit about pricing getting more competitive. Marc Grandisson Yes. Tthey trend in loss trend really tthey equivalent for tthey MI is tthey trend in credit riskiness of tthey underlying policy holder or mortgage insurance policy. And so ttheir one, we’re not seeing a significant amount of changes in tthey regular – to tthey average lender, borrower. But having said ttheir, if you look at tthey overall MI portfolio, ttheyre is an increase, for instance, a 95 and above LTV. So you do have an underlying riskiness of tthey portfolio that has changed over tthey last two years. So tthey singles were already ttheyre. Ttheyy’re not necessarily more risky. Ttheyy’re just different ttheyir economic discussion, in which we have lowered, as you know. But tthey two elements are not getting riskier in tthey marketplace or tthey 95 plus LTV, which I mentioned, which I’ll supported by tthey GSEs. And tthey second one is tthey DTI above 43, which is anottheyr one that is encouraged by tthey duty to serve aspect of tthey overall mortgage risk providers. So ttheyse two elements are not actually not insignificant, right? I think tthey DTI over 43 is about 20% of tthey NIW for tthey MI industry, and tthey 95% plus LTV has grown to 12.5%. So tthey overall riskiness of tthey portfolio is increasing as a result of that specific ptheynomenon. But if you look at – it’s actually buffered to some extent by house prices appreciation going up and affordability still being at tthey very theyalthy level. Tthey DTI for tthey average borrower is still below 30%, which is lower than theirtorical values. So I think at tthey margin, tthey volatility around tthey expected, I guess, has been increasing a little bit. You don’t have necessarily an average risk are going up significantly. Does that make sense? Meyer Shields It does. It’s very theylpful. Thank you so much and good luck. Dinos Iordanou Let me just a little color. What Mark said is absolutely correct, but I want you to understand that a risk price methodology adjust for tthey riskiness. And for that reason, a reduction in exposure has been mostly in tthey 95 LTV and above and, of course, singles that we have been mentioning for tthey last three quarters. Just a little more color. Meyer Shields Thank you, Dinos. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open. Brian Meredith Yes, thanks and also congratulations Dinos on retirement and just as an outstanding career. My question first is on tthey MI business, I’m just curious your thoughts on tthey competition that you kind of highlighted. Do you anticipate tthey tax reform will have any incremental pressures with respect to pricing in tthey MI business? Marc Grandisson I think, at high level, Brian, I think once – investors look at returns after tax. Most of tthey U.S. MI provider of capital of U.S. MI business are U.S. based, ttheyrefore, U.S. taxpayers. So I would expect, in general, so that should means, everything else being equal, which is never is, that tthey returns would increase for tthey U.S. MI provider. Ttheyrefore, tthey question is, is that – will ttheyy be okay with ttheir? Will investor expect a higtheyr return? Or did tthey risk change in any significant way? So I think all else being equal, I would expect tthey market has been such not only in MI specific, it’s also P&C in any market, for that matter, ptheynomenon that if ttheyre’s more money left after you pay tthey tax, man that ttheyre was an adjustment for returns. So we would expect to have some kind of effect. I don’t think we’re seeing it quite yet, because as we all know, collectively, ttheyre’s PMIERs 2.0 on tthey horizon. And done my taper somewhat what happens over tthey next six or seven quarters. We don’t have a crystal ball, as you know, but all else being equal, wtheyn tax rate goes down, wtheyn ttheyre’s more money available for shareholders, and everything else being equal, which would expect price to go down slightly. Yes, we would. Brian Meredith And I’m just curious, Marc, on your 15% kind of return assumption is based on minimum that you’re looking in tthey MI business. What is tthey tax rate that you’re assuming on that? Marc Grandisson Mark, you mean, just pretty [indiscernible] It hasn’t changed… Mark Lyons Yes. We would expect that incremental benefit now, Brian, of course, tthey 35% to 21% that we have, it’s all U.S. we have a U.S. tax group that goes beyond mortgage, of course, it’s all very – everybody talks about tthey ottheyr U.S. stock companies benefiting enormously. If you have ottheyr U.S. based income you are benefiting too, just as we are. Marc Grandisson And Brian, we said we are meeting tthey 15% return, which means my implication is above that. Brian Meredith Right, right. I was just thinking it’s 35% with tthey tax rate you were using and I guess it will 21% not kind of your blended tax rate with tthey quarter share offshore. Marc Grandisson Well, before we were paying 35%, ttheyre was a quarter share to ARL for capital management purposes, so that would blend into 17.5% absent FET on tthey ottheyr side. Now I’d say, 25% for what’s in tthey U.S. and ttheyn ttheyre is a quarter share although we have to weigh that with tthey B tax that comes into play as well. So we’re somewhat similar – in a similar position after tax ttheyn we were before if not improved slightly as Mark mentioned. Brian Meredith Perfect. And ttheyn anottheyr one, just curious your Watford, looking tthey results you continue to have fairly high combined ratio ttheir year. What is tthey kind of outlook right now for Watford as we think about it? Mark Lyons I think it’s purpose, it still very much alive, I mean, we have ottheyr guys coming up with total return reinsurance still as of yesterday I believe it was announced in tthey marketplace. So I think that one thing that happen to Watford is that ttheyy were essentially participating on tthey property cat portfolio and so to happen to run into tthey 2017 cat as well. So tthey question is, was ttheir appropriate ttheyn we can look back and be money, money quarter back. But at tthey core of what Watford is doing, we are – ttheyre is no much change for it purpose and it’s still very much alive and what it’s doing. Tthey reinsurance play as you guys remember what initially what we are trying to do get Watford into ttheyre is been a shift over tthey last six quarters, as I mentioned tthey reinsurance market terms and conditions got progressively worse since we establittheyyd Watford Re. Ttheyre is a push for Watford to become more of an insurance provider in tthey U.S. And that will certainly theylp those kinds of combined ratio and volatility specifically around ttheyir results. Marc Grandisson I think anottheyr variety. A good characteristic to keep in mind is, ttheyy are north of 50% – I think ttheyy have 55% in tthey quarter direct on ttheyir own paper rattheyr than being [indiscernible] Brian Meredith Got it, theylpful. And ttheyn last just quick one theyre, in tthey MI business, Marc, is it possible to give us what tthey kind of reduction you see on AIG quarter share kind of look like in 2018 versus 2017? Mark Lyons In a premium sense. Brian Meredith Yes, tthey premium, just like most of tthey growth in that obviously right is tthey AIG… Mark Lyons It’s not a big follow up as you think. Brian Meredith Okay. Mark Lyons Brian, overall annually, it’s only in tthey tens of millions. Brian Meredith Got it. Thank you. Mark Lyons Welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Kumar from Buckingham Research. Your line is open. Amit Kumar Thanks and good morning and I’d also like to echo my congrats to Dinos for being leading one of tthey top value creator franctheires out ttheyre. Two questions, tthey first question is going back to tthey discussion on tthey insurance AYLR and I think you mentioned ttheyre was some movement from tthey attritional losses. Can you just maybe just flush that out a bit more in terms of how we should think about tthey underlying LR trend going forward. And does it drop off or ttheyre is some volatility continue going forward? Mark Lyons Let me start it. I think tthey ongoing movement over tthey last few years and Marc has highlighted in tthey past of smaller policies lower limits continues to constrict tthey volatility, which is part of tthey game plan. And large attritional losses you still occasionally get we got it from tthey fourth quarter of last year, you got it again ttheir year. It seem to be a common ttheyme on insurance and reinsurance on tthey onshore energy being tthey exposure that’s generating that, which is requiring different actions associated with it because you have to have a common view of that across. So I think tthey corrections for that are going to go – take a long way for stabilizing. And you could never say never, but that’s a high capacity business that can hit you with large pops. Amit Kumar And just to be clear, ttheyre wasn’t any adverse movement netting out against favorable movement in reserves? Mark Lyons No, insurance was basically flat. Dinos Iordanou Yes, it was basically flat. But some plus or minus but overall it’s not. Amit Kumar Not so material, okay. I guess tthey only ottheyr question I have is, maybe a broader question. And ttheir is for Marc, based on tthey transition I was curious, ttheir obviously has been in tthey pipeline for sometime in terms of tthey overall. Have ttheyre been times wtheyn you thought differently ttheyn Dinos and strategically how do you think about Arch from theyre going on forward. Marc Grandisson Tthey best question, tthey best way to answer that, I’ll ask Dinos to ctheme in to confirm what I’m going to say. But I think tthey Mark Lyons, myself and Dinos work togettheyr for over 16 years. We’ve had our differences and our agreements and disagreements, but by and large, I think over time we find ourselves a lot more agreeing on things and not. I think we’re both – and three of us come from tthey very rational – very economically rational way to analysis businesses and make decisions. And I think that’s something that is sometimes missed or that you should appreciate that. And I think Dinos would echo ttheir, tthey strategic visions or tthey strategic play that we have did and we did over tthey 16 years were not – Dinos was certainly tthey proponent and tthey one publically advocating and talking about ttheym. But all ttheyse things were really done and claim to as we talk togettheyr jumble our results were very instrumental on ttheir as well. So I think that we all grew togettheyr in that environment and had more success ttheyn failures, I mean, we don’t do everything right. But I think tthey overall – I think we grew to agree more togettheyr not because I came to their view or they came to my view is because if you look for tthey truth and look for tthey right rational thing to do, we sort of come up to tthey same or very often tthey very similar conclusion. That’s what I have noticed over tthey last 16 years. Dinos Iordanou Let me give you my two cents on it. What Marc says absolutely correct. First and foremast with a very collaborative management team and beyond that we’re very collaborative with our Board of Directors. So, tthey alignment is to wtheyre we are going to, yes, we do tthey groundwork, tthey management team does tthey groundwork. And Marc mentioned themself and Mark Lyons and me, but ttheyre were ottheyrs. Ttheyre is Nicolas and ttheyre is Maamoun and I can go on and on and on and ttheyre is Pres and on and on and on. So ttheyre is collaboration in examining what tthey opportunities and wtheyre we are going to go. And tthey good thing about it, is that wtheyn we arrive at a decision ttheyn beyond is about execution is not about – if I step back and I look at tthey past 16 years, I would put a 95% plus agreement between tthey senior management team and tthey board ratification of wtheyre we wanted to go. Tthey ottheyr 5% I don’t – I will never call it as a major disagreement, but directionally maybe a little more to tthey right and a little more to tthey left. And ttheyn at tthey end we agree as to how we’re going to do it. And I expect tthey future to be pretty much in tthey same direction. Having said that, let me also address tthey ottheyr aspect of what we are as a company. We’re opportunistic. So I don’t know what opportunities will be detected in two years from now, three years from now, four years from now. But I can say me – my duties as a Director and being on tthey board – and tthey management team operationally, which occasionally bring ideas up to tthey board as to what we’re going to do. That collaboration is going to continue, but I can tell you what tthey future is going to say, if ttheyre is a change in strategy. If ttheyre was a change, is because based on our opportunistic approach to tthey business, we see an opportunity in tthey future that it wasn’t present today or in tthey past as we’ve done with tthey mortgage. None of us thought we’re going to be in tthey mortgage insurance business wtheyn we started in 2002 all tthey way until tthey financial crisis. And ttheyn after that, we saw tthey opportunity. We worked on it first as a reinsurer and ttheyn later on, we said, ttheyre’s more value to be a primary insurer and we took and tthey acquisition to get us ttheyre. So I don’t – I mean, it’s a very important question, but I think we’ve done a great job in not only transitioning leadership and building from within, which basically it’s anottheyr one of our foundations – a lot of senior managers, ttheyy grow within tthey Arch culture, and we like to promote from within. And we don’t rely significantly ongoing and bringing outside talent, but it makes it easier later on to execute tthey strategy because everybody’s in alignment. And I believe because we do have that collaborative culture. Listen, John Vollaro officially retire in 2009, right? I don’t think anybody theyre thinks they ever retired. Like I said, yes, you do retire, you don’t in our operational, John was never operational. I will never be operational. Tthey management team’s responsibility is to be operational and make all those decision, but ttheyy’re for consultation. People ttheyy’re going to call, we’re going to discuss things. We’re going to discuss ttheym at tthey board. And at tthey end, I don’t anticipate major changes unless tthey market dictates ttheir because ttheyre is an opportunity that none of us is seeing today, but we might see tthey future. Marc? Marc Grandisson Great. I agree with you. Mark Lyons I’m interest. Ttheyre are tthey bunch of shrinking violates on tthey measurement. Amit Kumar I will stop theyre. Thanks, again. And I’m sure Lyons is following. So I will stop it. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Geoffrey Dunn from Dowling & Partners. Your line is open. Geoffrey Dunn Thank you, good morning. I wanted to dig into tthey credit development on tthey MI front a little bit more. Stripping out some of tthey things you’ve highlighted, it looks like you’re still running and incidents maybe up around 12%. Can you confirm wtheyre you are in your incident assumptions on new core notices? And if it is still above 10%, what does it take to get you down ttheyre? Marc Grandisson Actually we – tthey reason ones are getting below 10%, but we were about 12.5% over tthey last two, three quarters. So we’ve crossed it, but it’s a one quarter, Geoff. So who knows if it’s holds up ttheyre. Geoffrey Dunn So you have touctheyd down on your assumption to 10%? Marc Grandisson No. Mark Lyons It’s just for tthey cats. Marc Grandisson Yes. For cat – yes, I make point on tthey cat for tthey – lower than 5% of what we expect right now. It’s still early to tell that… Geoffrey Dunn See, I’m talking on tthey core number. Marc Grandisson Tthey regular stuff. Yes. We’re slightly below 10%. For tthey recent, last few quarters of delinquencies that’s what we expect ultimately. Geoffrey Dunn Great. And ttheyn with respect to tthey PMIERs cushion. How much of a drag on tthey cushion wtheyttheyr ttheyre’s quarter from tthey hurricane notices? Mark Lyons Well, tthey hurricanes pretax load was really not that large, so you can kind to deduce that is not a big deal. It was south of $5 million. Geoffrey Dunn South of a $5 million capital drag? Mark Lyons No. South of $5 million cat reserve provision. Geoffrey Dunn No, no. I’m talking about capital drag on tthey PMIERs ratio. Mark Lyons Tthey PMIER is $72.5 million of drag. We had to put a sign for tthey new notices. That’s tthey question. Sorry, Geoff, we didn’t get that. Geoffrey Dunn All right. And ttheyn my last question is obviously, you’re running tthey higtheyst cushion in tthey industry right now with respect to PMIERs. It’s going to go even higtheyr to get ttheyse notices out of tthey inventory. Post PMIERs 2.0, what type of cushion do you expect to run? Marc Grandisson We can’t be talking about ttheir. You know we’re under an NDA. You of all people should know ttheir. Geoffrey Dunn I’m not looking for tthey capital level. I’m looking for tthey relative cushion. Is it tthey 10% or tthey 20% cushion or whatever Post PMIERs 2.0 says? Marc Grandisson We’re unable to tell you ttheir, but we can tell you ttheir, Geoff. We’ll have to get ttheyre. Wtheyn you finalize – it’s going to be $5 million ttheir year. We’re going to have tthey final thing. Ttheir will be more like a second quarter call discussion. Geoffrey Dunn All right. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Cotheyn from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. Jay Cotheyn Thank you. My questions were answered. I feel like I should make a comment about Dinos. So I was involved – I worked on tthey IPO of Arch, so it just goes back many years. At that point, many of you remember ttheyre was a lot of companies come in public and being formed, and ttheyy all sounded reasonably good. Good risk management, good underwriting, good management teams, and tthey question would often come up, well, which ones are tthey best. And I would tell people like ask me about 15 years and I’ll have a good answer. Well, I think we have our answer now. Congratulations, Dinos. Thank you. Dinos Iordanou My eyes are getting watttery now. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Your line is open. Ian Gutterman Thank you. I’ll just follow up with ttheyre, which is, as I recall, around that same time Dinos, you and John will remember ttheyse meetings well. Everyone giving you a hard time about Zurich and questioning your ability to be successful at Arch, I think a lot of people regret ttheyy haven’t given a board on sooner or so. Dinos Iordanou Listen, I make pleasure on making – proving people wrong. Ian Gutterman That’s – it’s a get motivator. My first tenancy question is Kai kind of stole my thunder theyre a little bit, Marc. But my first question is, will tthey menu change next quarter? Dinos Iordanou Well, I don’t know. My duties going forward is – board duties, choosing tthey menu for tthey calls. I won’t participate on tthey calls, but I’m going to be talking to tthey ctheyfs as ttheyy’re going to offer for lunch. And, of course, I’ll be available for golf games and dinners, especially if I don’t have to pick up tthey tab. So you know my number, so if it’s tthey golf games with good dinners, and I’m always available. Ian Gutterman My follow-up question for you on that, Dinos, is in your prepared remarks wtheyre you talked about Arch’s secret sauce, I thought that was just tzatziki. Dinos Iordanou Tzatiki’s too – ttheir is my mottheyr’s secret sausage – I mean, secret sauce, which is a lot better than tzatziki. Tzatziki, every Greek restaurant has it. Ian Gutterman That’s good. So series questions, last quarter we had a discussion about cats. I’m sure you recall about tthey so-called missing losses and tthey modern agencies never being right in tthey first time and all ways being too low and how it will play out. And it seems that tthey way is played out is actually tthey modeling estimates were too high for once, and everyone is releasing reserves just three months out. So I’m curious now that you had some more time to assess, what do you think – what are tthey implications for that? I mean, is ttheyre a reason to believe ttheyre’s some – ttheyre was a flaw in tthey models and we might see ttheym be high in tthey future again like ttheir? And we need to reassess how we think about hurricane risk? Or it’s just – ttheir was an anomaly in every once in a while, ttheyy’re going to be way too high? Marc Grandisson Yes. So if you look at that loss, Ian, we thought about it, and most of tthey uncertainty and change in our ultimate were in tthey reinsurance segment. So if you look at our loss, tthey difficulty in analyzing ttheir loss was how widespread it was among many primary companies. And ttheyn soon – clearly, it was not as concentrated as we thought it was. So ttheir became clear to us after repeated discussion what our clients on tthey reinsurance side, I’m talking. Insurance side, we haven’t changed much of our view. It’s still tthey losses are tthey losses. We have ttheym and it’s not going away in tthey sense that ttheyre were – ttheyre’s less in that estimate. But on tthey reinsurance side, I’m going to say that collectively as an industry, that might explain some of tthey exuberance that we’ve seen on ottheyr calls or in tthey January 1 renewal that loss is largely an insurance loss. So that made it a lot harder. We are insurance with most of our capacity on tthey cat is allocated to ttheyir reinsurance. So it was very hard at tthey end of last quarter to re-evaluate what loss have are coming from. So I’ve asked our team in Bermuda to see what kind of return period that are we looking at for those kinds of losses. And we’re in tthey one to 20, one to 30 years, so it’s not as unusual as you might think it is. So, I guess, I would just describe it to tthey fact that tthey losses spread out, and tthey losses in California, which could have been more concentrated, actually didn’t know it’s a significant loss. But is not significant enough that it will have that much of an impact on certainly under reinsurance segment and on tthey broader marketplace. So I think it’s still possibly also too early. Ttheyre might be some losses that develop afterwards. Ttheyre might be some creep of tthey policy language that may change things. Ttheyse are things that we’ll level have to see how ttheyy develop. But so far, you’re right. I think that missing losses are not missing. Ttheyy were probably not ttheyre to begin with, specifically on tthey reinsurance side. Dinos, you want something to add? Dinos Iordanou Yes, I will pick up on what Mark said. I mean, yes, tthey losses in tthey aggregate, I mean, it’s three losses and ttheyn you have tthey California fires and all that. It’s still over $100 billion – It’s still over $100 billion. So ttheir is not what I would call a small event. But as Mark said, most of tthey absorption of ttheyse losses came by tthey primary riders. And for that reason, tthey reinsurance market and especially some of tthey – what you will call alternative capital did not get hurt as much as potentially could have been hurt. And for that reason, that capacity remain in tthey marketplace and it got easily reloaded, et cetera. And that has an effect as to how you’re going forward to with tthey rate. I don’t know if Mark and in their comments was more specific. In tthey primary property arena, we’ve seen gradually improvement on tthey pricing that is not diminishing. It’s happened in December and it’s continuing in January. And at tthey end of tthey day, I anticipate – they’s going to continue because that’s wtheyre ttheyy theyard is. Most of tthey losses ttheyy’re getting paid by tthey primary companies. Now it didn’t affect to reinsurance as much and for that reason, I think ttheyre’s capacity is plentiful. And rates have not escalated based on what we were anticipating. Mark mentioned 5% to 10%, which is not – what we want. If you was 30%, you would have met our threshold. You would have seen us writing a lot more cat business than… Marc Grandisson Tthey only chapter we haven’t seen I think tthey last is Terry loss in Puerto Rico. That’s tthey only one I would say we throw back that you, Ian, and saying it’s still not too early, but we still have to see how that one develops. I think Harvey and Irma are pretty much pin down right now. Mark Lyons Let me just throw in once again. I know you asked an industry question, as it relates to Arch, especially with Dinos and Marc’s comments about tthey primary side. In tthey prepared remarks, ttheyy’ve comment that tthey reinsurance releases treaty and facultative. As facultative is tthey sister process, rest by portfolio similar to insurance. But attachment point saves you ttheyre. And tthey primary guys are ground up wtheyreas tthey facultative unit is very skilled wtheyre to attach. Ian Gutterman First, I guess, I was trying to ask something a little bit different, I guess more than sort of tthey pricing impact or ttheyre temper is tthey more about – it seems like damageability across tthey events, across all three events was a lot less than we all would have thought. And to be honest, Marc, it’s not just tthey reinsurance that’s a primary, it’s been Harper release, Allstate release, Travelers release in big dollars, right? So everyone seems like just damageability per claim ttheyre’s been a lot less in tthey miles expect, I’m wondering if ttheyre’s some – is that an anomaly? Or do we think ttheyre’s something meaningful on ttheyir that might make us reassess how we about cat risk? Marc Grandisson Well, tthey only think I would tell you Ian is, I live in Florida, I mean Marco Island and tthey eye hit right over my house et cetera. My house had very little damage maybe $20,000 because is build with a new standard. So it’s a Cat 5 type of a home. And for that reason, tthey damage I had it was by new. But I can tell you wtheyn I drive around Marco Island, most of tthey roof damage has not been repaired yet. Ttheyre are still tarps and believe me, ttheyre is price escalation. I have a neighbor that they lost 30 tiles in their roof and tthey ctheyapest price it got to repaired it was $4000 that’s over $100 a tile, I mean they says, I’m not getting water in tthey house, so I’m going to repair it, because I’m going to wait for prices to come down, but ttheyre is – ttheyre’s still – ttheyre might be a little creep that we haven’t seen yet. Ian Gutterman Got it. Thank you guys. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Ian. Operator Thank you. And I’m showing no furttheyr questions from our phone lines. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou for any closing remarks. Dinos Iordanou My only closing remarks thank you all it’s being a pleasure work with you over tthey years. And remember I’m available for golf games and I’m available for dinners. So I’ll see you around. Thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect, and have a wonderful day.