Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q3 2015 Earnings Conference Call October 29, 2015 11:00 AM ET Executives Dinos Iordanou - Chief Executive Officer Mark Lyons - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Amit Kumar - Macquarie Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Jeremy DeWitt - JPMorgan Vinay Misquith - Sterne Agee Jay Gelb - Barclays Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Meyer Shields - KBW Jay Cotheyn - Bank of America Brian Meredith - UBS Ryan Burns - Janney Rob Path - Wells Fargo Securities Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Quarter Three 2015 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Joshua and I will be your operator for today. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards tthey end of tthey conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded for replay purposes. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statement in today’s press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey Federal Securities Laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company’s current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company’s earnings press release and is available on tthey company’s website. And now I would like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou and Mr. Mark Lyons. Please proceed. Dinos Iordanou Thank you, Joshua. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Our third quarter earnings were driven by solid reporter underwriting results while investment returns were impacted by decline in tthey equity markets. Group-wide and on a constant dollar basis our gross written premium increased by nearly 4% in tthey third quarter over tthey same period in 2014 while net written premium was up approximately 1% as underwriting actions in our insurance and reinsurance business were offset by growth in our mortgage business. Changes in foreign exchange rates reduced our net written premium on a U.S. dollar basis by approximately $21 million or approximately 2.4% of our volume in tthey quarter. On an operating basis we earned $126 million or $1.1 per share for tthey third quarter which produced an annualized return on equity of 8.6% for tthey 2015 third quarter versus 9.7% return on equity in tthey third quarter of 2014. Looking at it from a trailing 12-months ending in September 30, 2015, after tax operating income available to Arch common shareholders produced a 9.9% return on average common equity while net income available to common shareholders produced 11.6% return on average common equity. On a net income basis Arch earned $0.60 per share ttheir quarter which was lower than operating income primarily due to realized investment losses. Net income movement on a quarterly basis can be more volatile as ttheyse earnings are influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates and realized gains and losses in our investment portfolio. Our reported underwriting results remained satisfactory as reflected in our combined ratio of 89.7 and were aided by a low level of catastropthey losses and continue favorable loss reserve development. Net investment income per share for tthey quarter was $0.54 per share up $0.01 sequentially from tthey second quarter of 2015. Tthey strengttheyning of U.S. Dollar impacted total return on tthey company’s investment portfolio which declined 31 basis points for tthey 2015 third quarter. Our operating cash flow excluding Watford Re was $359 million in tthey third quarter as compared to $319 million in tthey same period a year earlier primarily reflecting a higtheyr level of premium collections. Our book value per common share at September 30, 2015 was at $47.68 per share a slight increase from tthey second quarter of 2015 and an increase of 8.3% from September 30, 2014. With respect to capital management, we continue to have capital in excess over our target levels, however we did not find many opportunities to repurchase shares in tthey third quarter that would meet our previously stated criteria for share repurchases. As you may recall, our philosophy with respect to share repurchases is based on tthey relationship of expected returns to tthey premium to book-value with tthey exception that we could earn tthey premium back over a reasonable period of time. Considering tthey underwriting environment we’re operating in, and tthey returns we’re achieving, we believe that it would take more than three years to recover tthey premium paid. With respect to overall market conditions, reinsurance industry pricing remains under pressure. Today we have not yet seen significant erosion in tthey insurance business with tthey exception of certain lines which I will discuss in a moment. We believe however that tthey ability to buy reinsurance by us and our competitors on favorable terms will eventually lead to more competitive conditions across tthey insurance industry in tthey future. As we have discussed in prior calls, ttheyre are several areas in tthey insurance sectors that are experiencing increasingly more price competition. Ttheyy are E&S property global property large accounts professional liability lines including D&O especially in tthey foreign markets as well as marine, aviation and energy, business lines, in which we continue to reduce our exposure and our participation. Turning back to our quarterly results. Tthey insurance segment, gross written premiums on a constant dollar basis grew 5.6% and 2.8% on a net written basis in tthey quarter over tthey same time period in 2014 with most of tthey growth coming from our construction and national accounts, travel, and accident and theyalth business units. Mark will comment furttheyr on premium volume in a few minutes. In our reinsurance segment, we responded to soft underwriting conditions by reducing gross written premiums on a constant dollar basis by approximately 2% over tthey same period over a year ago. Increased sessions primarily to Watford Re in tthey quarter led a furttheyr reduction in our net written premium, also on a constant dollar basis of 6% for tthey quarter-over-quarter comparison. Our mortgage segment includes primary mortgage insurance written through Arch M.I. in tthey U.S. reinsurance treaties covering mortgage risk written globally as well as GSE credit risk-sharing transactions. Beginning in 2015 third quarter tthey current quarter, new credit risk transactions now follow insurance accounting which Mark will discuss in a few minutes. Gross written premium in tthey mortgage segment were $74.7 million in tthey third quarter of 2015 or 12.5% increase than in tthey same quarter in 2014 driven primarily by growth in Australian mortgage reinsurance premium along with Arch participation on GSE credit risk-sharing transactions. Net written premium grew 14.3% over tthey same period to $66.4 million as we retained a higtheyr percentage of Australian business written in 2015. Our U.S. mortgage insurance operations produced approximately half of tthey segment’s net written premium in tthey third quarter with 24 million coming from tthey Credit Union channel and approximately 8 million of premium written from tthey bank channel. Of note ttheir quarter, underwriting income for tthey U.S. operations move into tthey positive territory with about $2 million of underwriting income in tthey quarter reflecting tthey slow by steady progress we’re making in ttheir area. We continue to make progress in tthey expansion of tthey bank channel as Arch M.I. has approved 835 master policy applications from banks and more than 350 of ttheyse banks have submitted loans to Arch M.I. in for underwriting. In tthey third quarter of 2015, we reactheyd a modest milestone wtheyn new insurance written within tthey bank channel of 1.8 billion surpassed our Credit Union production of 1.4 billion of new insurance written. While we continue to see good opportunities in mortgage reinsurance, tthey GSE risk-sharing transactions issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are becoming an important component of our mortgage segments’ revenues. We pioneer one of tthey first of ttheyse structures over two years ago by building upon tthey expertise of our mortgage team and working with GSEs to provide insurance coverage. Since we’re talking about innovation in tthey sector, it might be worth a minute now to discuss tthey introduction of RateStar to mortgage lenders last week. We began ttheir project approximately five quarters ago with a goal to develop a more robust re-space pricing tool that in many ways would parallel what we do across our entire enterprise and is a hallmark of tthey Arch underwriting group approach. To us, tthey current rate card approach which uses just two factors, FICO scores and loan to value ratios while very important variables over simplified ratio. Our team reviewed very rich proprietary data that we acquire from PMI and ottheyr available industry data that would allow us to establish an appropriate price for tthey risk exposures assumed. RateStar will enable us to more effectively allocate capital and calculate tthey appropriate re-space re-trends on mortgage insurance at tthey individual loan level. While ttheyse may be relatively recent innovation for tthey mortgage insurance industry with United Guaranty, tthey first to introduce a re-space pricing tool, ttheir approach has been utilized in our ottheyr lines of business within Arch for many years. As many of you know, tthey return on re-space capital serves as tthey basis of our incentive compensation plan. Our underwriters are paid on tthey basis of what profit ttheyy produce on allocated capital. We’re pleased that we’re now at tthey point wtheyre we are making tthey appropriate filings and we’re appropriate seek and regulatory approval for mortgage insurance and expect to introduce ttheir into tthey marketplace during December of 2015. Let me now turn back to tthey overall market conditions across all of our markets, insurance, reinsurance and mortgage, conditions are competitive to varying degrees. However, Arch diversified mix of business and our willingness to exercise underwriting discipline should allow us to continue to generate acceptable returns. Group-wide, we believe that on an expected basis that tthey present value ROE on tthey business we have written ttheir year, we will continue to produce an underwriting year ROE in tthey range of 10% to 12% on allocated capital. Before I turn it over to Mark, I will also like to discuss our PMLs. As usual I would like to point out that tthey CAT PML’s aggregates reflect business bound through October 1, while tthey premium numbers included in our financial statements are through September 30 and that tthey PMLs are reflected net of reinsurance and retrocession. As of October 1, 2015 our largest 250 year PML for a single event remains Norttheyast at $509 million or approximately 9% of common shareholders’ equity. Our Gulf of Mexico PML decreased to $473 million as of October 1, and our Florida Tri-County PML also decreased to $414 million. I will now turn it over to Mark to comment furttheyr on our financial results. And after their comments, we will come back and take your questions. Mark? Mark Lyons Great, thank you, Dinos and good morning all. As was true on last quarter’s call, and tthey last few quarters, my comments that follow today are on a pure Arch basis which excludes tthey ottheyr segment that being Watford Re unless ottheyrwise noted. So, same as in previous call, I would be using tthey terms core to denote results without Watford Re and just on consolidated wtheyn discussing results that includes Watford Re. Okay, tthey core combined ratio for ttheir quarter was 89.7% with 2.3 points of current accident-year CAT-related events, net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums compared to tthey 2014 third quarter combined ratio of 88.5% which reflected a lower level of CAT at 1.6 points. Losses reported in tthey third quarter from 2015 catastrophic events, net of reinsurance recoverable or reinstatement premiums totaled 18.8 million versus 14.2 million in tthey corresponding quarter last year, primarily emanated from Chilean Earthquakes and tthey California fires along with various smaller events. Tthey 2015 third quarter core combined ratio reflect 7.1 points of prior year net favorable development, net of reinsurance and related acquisition expenses compared to 8 points even of prior period favorable development on tthey same basis in 2014 third quarter. Ttheir result in a core accident quarter combined ratio excluding CATs for tthey third quarter of 94.5% compared to 94.9% in tthey third quarter of last year. In tthey insurance segment, tthey 2015 accident quarter combined ratio excluding CATs was 95.8% compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 98% even a year-ago. Ttheir 220-basis point improvement was driven by 150-bp reduction in tthey loss ratio and tthey 70-basis point reduction in tthey expense ratio with tthey loss ratio decrease reflecting lower large loss attritional activity than was tthey case in tthey third quarter of last year. Taking ttheir into account tthey insurance segment accident quarter loss ratio was slightly higtheyr ttheir quarter versus tthey third quarter of 2014. Tthey reinsurance segment 2015 accident quarter combined ration again excluding CATs was 94.6% compared to 90.6% in tthey 2014 third quarter. As noted in prior quarters tthey reinsurance segments results reflect changes in tthey mix of premiums earned including a continued lower contribution from property catastropthey and ottheyr property businesses. Ttheir quarter most of tthey combined ratio increased relative to tthey third quarter of 2014, stemmed from tthey expense ratio and from a marginally higtheyr level of larger attritional losses. Tthey mortgage segment 2015, accident quarter combined ratio excluding cash was 82.5% compared to 88% for tthey third quarter of 2014. Ttheir decrease is predominantly driven by tthey continued low level of reported delinquencies benefiting tthey loss ratio associated with tthey CMG business we acquired in 2014 along with excellent credit experience to date on business risen since tthey acquisition. Some of tthey benefit of tthey CMG businesses offset by tthey contingent consideration earn-out mechanism negotiated within tthey purchase agreement. As we commented on last quarter, an accident quarter approach to tthey mortgage business is not had tthey same meaning it does on tthey PC side because of tthey way tthey business works in tthey way tthey economy works. Tthey insurance segment accounted for roughly 16% of tthey total net favorable development ttheir quarter and was primarily driven by medium and longer-tailed lines predominantly from tthey 2007 to 2012 accident years. Tthey reinsurance segment accounted for approximately 78% of tthey total net favorable development in tthey quarter excluding associated impact on acquisition expenses with approximately 39% of that due to net favorable development on short-tailed lines concentrated in tthey more recent underwriting years and tthey balance due to net favorable development on longer-tailed lines predominantly from underwriting year 2009 and prior. Tthey remaining 6% of tthey net favorable development emanated from tthey mortgage segment which reflects tthey continued improvement in tthey U.S. book delinquency rate. Approximately two-thirds of our core 7.3 billion of total net reserves per losses and loss adjustment expense are IBNR and additional case reserves which still continues to remain fairly consistent across both reinsurance and insurance segments. Tthey core expense ratio for tthey third quarter of 2015 was 34.2% versus tthey prior year’s comparative quarter expense ratio of 33.5% partially driven by a 3.6% decrease in net earned premiums that I will discuss each segment expenses shortly. Tthey insurance segment’s expense ratio decreased 70 basis points to an even 31.0% for tthey quarter compared to 31.7% a year-ago. Tthey net acquisition ratio decreased 90 basis points wtheyreas tthey operating expense ratio increased by only 20 basis points. Tthey insurance segment net acquisition ratio reduction continues to reflect materially improved pre-ceding commissions on an earned basis associated with core share contract ceded. It’s important to note however that on a written basis, tthey front-end gross commission ratio worldwide actually decreased 50 basis points, wtheyreas tthey average quarterly share cede commission ratio improved a substantial 260 basis points which as you will recall as identical to tthey benefit achieved last quarter. Ttheyse overall net acquisition improvements however will continue to be felt as ttheyse ceded written premiums are earned over tthey next few quarters. Tthey reinsurance segment’s expense ratio increased from 32.6% in tthey third quarter of third quarter 2014 to 35.6% ttheir quarter primarily due to a 12.2% lower level of net earned premium, a higtheyr level of precede commissions and a slight increase operating expenses, although serially tthey expenses actually dropped compared to last quarter. Tthey net acquisition ratio increased 100 basis points due to market forces, wtheyreas tthey 200 basis points increased in tthey operating expense ratio is almost exclusively driven by net earned premium reduction mentioned earlier. As I commented on last quarter, separating components of expense ratio could be a little bullish because of tthey accounting does not go back and reflect tthey reimbursement of operating expenses contemplated in tthey cede commission itself. Tthey ratio of net premiums to gross premiums on our core operations in tthey quarter was 73.1% versus 75.5% a year ago. Tthey insurance segment had a 72.2% ratio compared to 74.2% a year earlier wtheyreas tthey reinsurance segment had a net to gross ratio of 72% in tthey quarter compared to 75.8% a year ago, primarily reflecting increased sessions to Watford Re as a reinsure. Our U.S. insurance operation saw a 60-basis point effective rate decrease ttheir quarter, net of ceded reinsurance. As commented on tthey last couple of quarters tthey pricing environment is quite different for short-tailed versus longer-tailed lines as Dinos also referred to. Our short-tailed first party lines of business had an effective 4.4% rate decrease for tthey quarter compared to a 30-basis point effective rate increase for tthey longer-tailed third party lines both on a net-of-ceded reinsurance basis. Looking more deeply, some lines incurred rate reductions such as an 8.9% decrease in property and an 8.1% decrease in high capacity D&O business, while ottheyrs enjoy theyalthy increases such as plus 6% in our lower capacity D&O lines, and a 4.1% increase in our program business. Also as our lower capacity D&O lines have now achieved 17 consecutive quarters of rate increases. Now turning to our continuing market cycle management, tthey insurance group worldwide reduced gross written premiums in tthey highly competitive and volatile lines of E&S Property and Global Property by 12% and Energy and Marine by 15% quarter-over-quarter. By contrast, lower volatility lines have contract binding and travel expanded north of 20% on a gross basis partially offset by a decline in program business due to purposeful underwriting actions. As stated in last quarter’s call, some volume impacts were a result of underwriting actions taken on two programs, wtheyreas anottheyr program administrator has been purchased by a competitor and tthey premium loss impacts will be felt beginning next quarter. Lastly, as Dinos has already stated, tthey insurance segment’s construction business saw growth ttheir quarter. However, much of ttheir book has project policies and odd time policy terms which can result in lumpy premium volume quarter to quarter. Tthey reinsurance group only had 9% of its net earned premium represented by property CAT ttheir quarter. And property CAT net written premiums were reduced by anottheyr 11% quarter-over-quarter reflecting our view of that marketplace. Additionally, tthey property ottheyr than property CAT line had a net written premium decrease of roughly 6% ttheir quarter, and tthey reinsurance group also reduced net volume again in motor quota share and crop hale by approximately 20% is response to market conditions. Tthey mortgage segment posted a 75.2% combined ratio for tthey calendar quarter, tthey expense ratio was as expected continues to be high as tthey operating ratio related to our U.S. primary operation will continue to be elevated until proper scale is achieved. Tthey net written premiums of 66.8 million a quarter is driven by tthey 31.2 million from our U.S. primary operation and 35.6 million of net written premiums from our reinsurance mortgage operations primarily. Ttheir segment also had 3.6 million of ottheyr underwriting income for tthey quarter versus approximately 1 million in tthey comparative quarter last year due to our GSE credit risk-sharing transactions. Ttheir quarter marks tthey first time that we have reflected some mortgage risk sharing transactions with insurance accounting rattheyr that derivative accounting treatment. Tthey net written premium ttheir quarter under insurance accounting totaled 2.2 million or as legacy risk-sharing transactions shall continue to be accounted for as derivatives. That is reported in ottheyr underwriting income. One should also note that mortgage reinsurance premium growth is driven by tthey fact that tthey Australian business is a single premium market as supposed to tthey United States which is predominantly a monthly premium market. At September 30, 2015, our total mortgage segment risk-in-force of $10.3 billion which includes $6.5 billion from our U.S. mortgage insurance operation, $3 billion even through worldwide reinsurance operation and approximately $800 million primarily compared of tthey GSE risk-sharing transactions. Our primary U.S. mortgage operation is down $3.2 billion of new insurance written down in tthey quarter which was approximately 57% through tthey bank channel and 43% via Credit Union clients. Tthey weighted average FICO score for tthey U.S. primary portfolio remains strong at 735 and a weighted average loan to value ratio theyld steady at 93.2%. Those states risk-in-force represents more than 9% of tthey portfolio and our U.S. primary mortgage insurance company is operating at an estimated 10.2:1 risk to capital ratio as of tthey end of September. Tthey ottheyr segment that being Watford Re, reported a 99.4% combined ratio for tthey quarter on a $125 million of net written premiums and $99.2 million of net earned premiums. As a reminder, ttheyse premiums reflect 100% of tthey business assumed rattheyr than simply Arch’s approximate 11% common share interest. As for business sourcing approximately 29% of tthey $131 million in gross written premiums ttheir quarter was written directly on Watford paper with tthey remainder ceded by Arch affiliates. It should be noted however that ttheir sourcing mix can vary materially quarter-to-quarter. Tthey total return on our investment portfolio was reported negative 31 basis points on U.S. dollar basis ttheir quarter primarily reflecting declines in most areas ottheyr than investment grade fixed income. Total return was negatively impacted from tthey strengttheyning U.S. Dollar on most of our foreign denominated investments. Excluding foreign exchange, total return was a positive 4 bps in tthey quarter. On a year-to-date nine-month perspective, total return was a positive 76 bps on a U.S. Dollar basis and a positive 173 bps excluding tthey effects of foreign exchange. Our embedded pre-tax book yield before expenses was 2.1% as of September 30, compared to 2.18% at December 31, 2014. While tthey duration of tthey portfolio lengttheyned slightly to 3.42 years. Tthey current duration continues to reflect our conservative position on interest rates in tthey current yield environment and tactical moves in tthey fixed income portfolio. Reported net investment income in tthey quarter was $0.54 a share or $67.3 million versus $0.53 a share in ttheir 2014 third quarter or $72.2 million. As always, we evaluate investment performance on a total return basis and as such invest in asset sectors which may not generate above tthey line net investment income. Interest expense for tthey quarter on a core basis was $12 million, which is more consistent with our normal quarterly run-rate versus last quarter and tthey third quarter of 2014 that were effected by periodic adjustments for certain loss portfolio transfer. Our effective tax rate on our pre-tax operating income available to Arch shareholders for tthey third quarter was an expense of 5.7% compared to an expense of 2.5% in tthey third quarter of 2014. Approximately $1.8 million or 22% of ttheir quarter’s tax represents a true-up to bring tthey first half of tthey year to ttheir now higtheyr effective tax rate. Reflecting ttheir, tthey nine-month or annualized effective tax rate is 4.5% on pre-tax operating income. As always demonstrated ttheir quarter, fluctuations and tthey effective tax rate can result from variability and a relative mix of income or loss that occurs or was projected by jurisdiction. Our total capital was $7.05 billion at tthey end of ttheir quarter, which is virtually flat with total capital as of June 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014. Approximately $522 million remains under our existing buyback authorization as of tthey end of ttheir quarter. Our debt-to-capital ratio remains low at 12.6% and debt plus hybrids represents only 17.2% of our total capital which still continues to give us significant financial flexibility. And as Dinos has mentioned we continue to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted position. Book value per share was $47.68 at tthey end of tthey quarter up 4.6% relative to tthey end of tthey year of 2014. Ttheir change in book value per share ttheir quarter primarily reflects tthey company’s continued strong underwriting results. With that said, we’re now happy to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from tthey line of Amit Kumar from Macquarie. Please go atheyad. Amit Kumar Thanks, and good morning and congrats on tthey quarter. Dinos Iordanou Thank you. Mark Lyons Thank you, Amit. Amit Kumar Just maybe one or, I guess one or two questions. Number one is, going back to tthey discussion on RateStar ttheyre was some confusion in tthey marketplace wtheyn tthey press release came out, as to what it means for pricing and your competition. Can you talk a little more about it and without obviously giving away tthey secret sauce, talk about tthey expected ROEs? And maybe talk about how should we think about tthey adoption rate of RateStar going forward? Thanks. Dinos Iordanou Yes, as Coca-Cola who’ll never reveal ttheyir formula, we won’t reveal our formula eittheyr. But at tthey end of tthey day, we’re in tthey underwriting business and I think tthey more robust analytics you have in tthey way you allocate capital and price, tthey risk of exposure, tthey better off you are as an organization. So, ttheir effort is towards that goal. We’re trying to go from a more simplistic approach to pricing mortgage risk to something a bit more soptheirticated that we introduce ottheyr variables in tthey decision making, in essence affecting tthey pricing. Now, it doesn’t mean we’re going to abandon tthey rate card. Tthey rate card is out ttheyre and tthey ttheyre is some bank channels, some customers ttheyy prefer that. And basically ttheyy will only do business on that basis. We will continue to do that but also ttheyre is ottheyr channels that ttheyy prefer to go to a more soptheirticated pricing methodology that more appropriately allocates tthey right premium to tthey exposure. And we’re going to go forward with that wtheyre appropriate. So, you want to continue to see us having both tthey rate card and RateStar and only tthey marketplace will tell us as to how much of which is going to be used over time. Amit Kumar Got it, that’s theylpful. Tthey only ottheyr question I have is going back to tthey discussion on capital management. And again, it’s a high-quality problem. I’m not sure tthey capital is burning a hole in your pocket. Would you consider ottheyr avenues to return capital or are we not ttheyre yet? How should we think about that? Dinos Iordanou Well, I mean, that’s tthey million-dollar question. At tthey end of tthey day, yes, we always consider ottheyr avenues. Having said that, ttheyre is also, we are known that you might want to have a little bit of ammunition in case opportunities come as tthey market turns. So, it’s more of a complicated issue for us. What was not complicated in ttheir quarter was that, we usually stick to our knitting, and wtheyn we made tthey calculations we felt that it might take four to five years to earn back tthey premium we’re going to pay wtheyn we purchase shares. And we said, let’s not do that let’s see what ottheyr opportunities we have or ottheyr avenues. Having said that, we’re going to have those discussions, both internally as a management team and also with our board wtheyn we meet, and we’ll make determinations on that time. Amit Kumar Okay, fair enough. That’s all I have. Thanks for tthey answers. Dinos Iordanou You’re welcome. Operator Thank you. And our next question is from tthey line of Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Michael Nannizzi Thanks so much. Just couple of hopefully quick ones, on tthey U.S., on tthey M.I. business, can you talk about how much of your NIW in tthey quarter was singles versus monthly premium? Dinos Iordanou Mark, you have those numbers. Mark Lyons Yes, it is approximately 24% ottheyr than singles. Michael Nannizzi Okay. And tthey RateStar is relevant to tthey monthly business I take it? Mark Lyons Yes, predominantly yes. Dinos Iordanou You can apply ttheym both sides. I mean, it’s because even wtheyn you do singles, you have, you get granular mortgage by mortgage attributes. So you can apply that. But at tthey end of tthey day, it is, wtheyn you go to single, you try to look at your return, what kind of a price you’re going to get and that’s why you saw a significant reduction in us, for tthey quarter as to how much we wrote in singles. Michael Nannizzi Got it. And ttheyn, if we were to think about tthey lead RateStar versus tthey rate card, what demographic - I mean, I’m guess for some types of business it’s going to be ctheyaper and for ottheyrs it’s not going to be. So is ttheyre, like is ttheyre any way to kind of think about? Dinos Iordanou Ttheir type of business is exposure, Michael; it’s exposure. Let me turn it over to you and you tell me tthey difference, if you have, if you have two loans tthey both 750 FICO and 90 LTV, but one borrower has a coverage ratio of 35 and tthey ottheyr one 25, which one loan would you prefer right. And at tthey end, how do you reflect that in your pricing. I’m not going to get into all tthey algorithms that we have because ttheyn it’s not only you listening, our competitors are listening, so. Michael Nannizzi I understand. Dinos Iordanou But introducing additional variables, you’ve seen it in tthey a lot of ottheyr P&C lines, you’ve seen it a lot on tthey selection of risk in tthey automobile business, progressive is very good and famous for its Geico, etcetera. And at tthey end it makes for a better return for shareholders and probably a fairer charge to tthey consumer based on ttheyir own risk characteristics. Michael Nannizzi Got it, okay. And so, just last one on that not about tthey algorithm. But for tthey players or for your customers that do accept or prefer RateStar, have you seen a meaningful change in submission volume? Dinos Iordanou We haven’t yet introduced it to ttheym. We finittheyyd tthey project we made tthey press release that’s why I talked about it. And our sales force is in discussions with tthey marketplace, and starting to introduce it. At tthey end of tthey day, we’re going to continue having both rating engines available and it would be up to our customers to choose which one ttheyy prefer. Michael Nannizzi Got it. Thank you so much for that Dinos, I appreciate it. And ttheyn really quick, Mark, on I was just looking at Watford written premiums versus reinsurance ceded premiums, and ttheyre is a sort of growing gap ttheyre. Are you, is Watford or is tthey insurance sub or segment ceding business to Watford or is Watford picking up business from outside of Arch as tthey difference? Mark Lyons Well, as I commented on a gross basis, just a way to look at it, 29% of it is coming natively on ttheyir paper. But we’re continuing to get Arch Re affiliates and Arch Insurance to be sending over eittheyr a retro session or reinsurance. And I think ttheir quarter that was slightly more proportionately from tthey insurance segment. Michael Nannizzi Got it. Okay. And ttheyn tthey last one on tthey reinsurance expense ratio, just trying to sort of think about that a little bit. So, it sounds like tthey expense ratio to procure businesses for reinsurance is going up, so that’s a prior tailwind to tthey insurance expense ratio. But so that’s going to raise tthey acquisition cost I guess for reinsurance but ttheyn you have an offset from Watford because I’m guessing tthey same dynamic exists between Watford and tthey reinsurance company. How should we think about, do those things neutralize each ottheyr or is ttheyre more of a theyadwind or more of a tailwind from those sort of inter-company transactions? Mark Lyons Your observations are right. Tthey net impact is really market force driven. And ttheyre is some element of Watford that it’s reflected on tthey fees, it’s reflected in acquisition expense. So, as Watford continues to grow that will become sessions that will continue to be more meaningful as it offset, which I think tthey question you were asking. It’s probably close to neutralizing but not quite. You still could perhaps see a net increase but nowtheyre near tthey increase it, would be without tthey existence of ttheir. Dinos Iordanou Let me add something to your question from a different perspective. At tthey end of tthey day I, our intellectual factory that produces great results is tthey underwriting talent that we have within tthey reinsurance groups. And ttheir management team, me down to Grandisson and Lyons and Papadopoulo etcetera, we strongly believe that we have very good underwriters, talented underwriters and independent if tthey market might not allow us to utilize ttheym at a 120%, which we usually do. But we’re not willing to send those underwriters back into tthey marketplace for our competitors to hire, etcetera. So, I never saw a company have problems because ttheyir expense ratio went up maybe a point or two, I’ve seen all companies having a lot of difficulty wtheyn ttheyir loss ratio balloons by 5, 10, 15 or 20 points. So you got to understand that’s our philosophy. Yes, we expect our managers to manage expenses and ttheyre is attrition within tthey organization. But we’re not willing to let go good talent just because we can utilize tthey factory at full capacity. That to us, tthey underwriting step we have is our intellectual factor that produces tthey profit and I’m going to hold on to that. Mark Lyons And one of tthey technical points Michael is, what Dinos just talked about is tthey core principle really for us. But on tthey technical side, yes, little bit of a difference in shift, tthey treaty business is falling off a bit more and wtheyreas tthey facultative is not. And that has a direct sales force. So you get a little bit of that waiting pushing it up as well. Michael Nannizzi Got it, thank you both so much for tthey answers really appreciate it. Dinos Iordanou Quite welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from tthey line of Ryan Tunis from Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Ryan Tunis Hi, thanks. So, Dinos, your point I guess on tthey tiered pricing is that, it allows to better risk selection that makes sense. But ttheyre still seems to be a concern in tthey market I guess if you look on some that acted in tthey past week or so, that if you’re successful at implementing tiered pricing, competitors may follow. And that would ttheyn lead to broader pricing pressures. And I guess, I’m just curious if that’s also a concern of yours and do you think more to your pricing in general for tthey industry could lead to tthey pricing pressure? Dinos Iordanou I don’t believe we will, because tthey ottheyr factor you haven’t factored in. Ttheir was expected returns different us and our competitors are looking for. So, better selection doesn’t mean that you have lowered your return expectations. All you’re doing is pricing more appropriately to tthey type of exposures you’re getting. Ttheir is not about reducing pricing in tthey marketplace ttheir is about assigning tthey right price to tthey right exposure. And at tthey end of tthey day our return characteristics, ttheyy’re no different if we use tthey rate card or RateStar. So, having that mind, it would tell you that basically tthey whole effort was to improve how we think from an underwriting point of view not to gain market share of some people, I theyard comments to that effect, if we wanted to do market share or reduced prices, tthey easiest way to do is to take tthey right card and you shave a few bps in each one of tthey category. And I don’t have to be spending a lot of brain power with a lot of our people over number of thousands of man hours in developing something that is more soptheirticated. So, I think ttheyre was misunderstanding in tthey marketplace but eventually for those who know Arch and know our underwriting approach, ttheyy will understand that at tthey end of tthey day we’re trying to be better in tthey way we’re going to select and price risk appropriately, which is tthey foundation of ttheir company. Ryan Tunis Got it. So, I guess my follow-up ttheyn is just talking about signing tthey right rate to tthey right exposure. And doing that is, is ttheyre a segment of tthey marketplace that you envision Arch M.I. becoming quite a bit less competitive in that comes to mind? Dinos Iordanou Yes, ttheyre are going to be segments, which are going to become more competitive and segments which are going to get less competitive. If you expect a certain return from tthey pie and now tthey pie is cut a little differently, you’re going to have tthey pluses and tthey minuses. Now, tthey question is, are you getting a lot more on tthey pluses and lot less on tthey minuses, which and what kind of return you’re going to have with that, only time would tell but wtheyn we were comfortable with our ability to price tthey exposures better by using more variables at just FICO score and LTV. Ryan Tunis Thanks Dinos, good luck. Dinos Iordanou Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jeremy DeWitt from JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Jeremy DeWitt Hi, good morning. Dinos Iordanou Good morning, Jeremy. Jeremy DeWitt Tthey GSE growth opportunity sounds pretty interesting for you. How would you think about sizing that and if we look out over tthey next five years, what percent of overall earnings you think that could be? Dinos Iordanou Mark, do you want to take a shot at that, I mean? Mark Lyons Over tthey next five years, my crystal ball doesn’t go in five months. But still, it is, we do feel it as a positive opportunity. And I think one way you should think about it is that tthey advent now of Fannie joining Freddie on ttheir, and it seems that because ttheyy’re expanding and looking for ottheyrs to participate in ttheir, ttheyy’re going through tthey efforts of establishing broader market, which gives credence to tthey fact that ttheyy’re theyre to stay, it’s not just a transitional thing. So, with Freddie continuing to do ttheir and Fannie continuing to do ttheir, we do think it’s an exciting opportunity. And so, it’s definitely going to be a growing piece. Now, as long as pricing stays sane, we will continue to be participants in that growing marketplace. So far on tthey Fannie deals, ttheyy’ll all had tthey same structure ttheyy’ve all been 2.5 points excess of a 0.5 point on subject loans that are out ttheyre. Ttheir is why it’s difficult, we don’t know how those structures are going to change over time, how ttheyy’re going to be, higtheyr attachment, lower attachment, so it’s very difficult to put your thumb on volume level and how much of ttheyse are going to be puttheyyd out into tthey marketplace. But we view it as an exciting opportunity for us. Dinos Iordanou Yes, and ttheyy might change to go to first loss or, right now, it’s excess of loss so using insurance terms. But ttheir is an evolving area but tthey demand is robust. Jeremy DeWitt Okay, great. Thanks. And just on M.I. broadly are you able to be more competitive on price because you have a diversification advantage versus your model line competitors or is that not a consideration? Dinos Iordanou That is not a consideration. Jeremy DeWitt Great, thank you. Dinos Iordanou You’re welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Vinay Misquith from Sterne Agee. Please go atheyad. Vinay Misquith Hi, good morning. Dinos Iordanou Well, I didn’t know you changed your name Vinay. Vinay Misquith Well, tthey first question is on tthey RateStar once again. So what percentage of lenders do you think will use RateStar and is it tthey smaller lenders versus tthey larger lenders? Dinos Iordanou On your first question, I don’t have a clue. I can’t even project that. On tthey second question, I would say, most likely tthey small lenders would be more adapting to tthey RateStar than tthey larger lenders because tthey larger lenders ttheyy like ttheyir more simplicity of tthey rate card and ttheyy have a lot of power in tthey marketplace etcetera. Small vendors, ttheyy’re trying to find nictheys so ttheyy can penetrate tthey market. So, but that’s purely forward guesses on my part, only time will tell once we introduce ttheir theyre. Vinay Misquith Okay. So that means that ttheir thing would take some traction to get through just because tthey larger lenders I guess make up bigger portion of tthey total business, correct? Dinos Iordanou That’s correct. Vinay Misquith Okay. And I mean, my view of ttheir was that tthey higtheyr FICO scores were subsidizing tthey lower FICO scores. And so, tthey new rate, from tthey RateStar will sort of reduce pricing for tthey FICO scores and raise pricing for tthey lower FICO scores. Do you worry that since 60% of your business in tthey higtheyr FICO score business that ttheir could lead to higtheyr competition amongst peers and sort of reduce tthey profitability for tthey larger pieces of tthey business? Dinos Iordanou No, you’re going in tthey wrong direction Vinay. If it was just FICO scores, you don’t need to go and make all ttheyse efforts to create a RateStar with multiple algorithms. It’s rattheyr characteristics. Ttheyre is rich data in tthey loans being provided to us by tthey lenders. Who is tthey borrower with co-borrower, what locations ttheyy have, blah, blah, blah, I’m not going to get into all of tthey stuff that within. If it was purely FICO score, you don’t need to make, you have LTV and you have FICO score, and ttheyn if you want to make higtheyr FICO scores ctheyaper, you take a few points of your rate card and you accomplish that. So, that’s not what it’s all about. I’m surprised as to how much confusion is in tthey minds of people as to what ttheir is all about. Ttheir is a product that it will allow us to take ottheyr characteristics of tthey loan and find what we believe is a more appropriate price for tthey exposure that we’re assuming. Mark Lyons Yes, Vinay, ttheir is just a more soptheirticated class rated plan, just like we have on tthey PC side in analogy. But let’s not lose tthey fact that it’s already been discrimination between risk with each M.I. of, I’ll use your example of high FICO people. Tthey analogy is sctheydule rating, you have a file planned to have sctheyduled rating, wtheyre you can deviate for individual risk characteristics. And I think that’s been pretty meaningful up to 20% or 25% to reflect characteristic lead risk. So, it’s already been occurring with tthey old rate card that ttheyre is discrimination between risk, ttheir is simply we believe a better way to do it and a more consistent way to do it. Vinay Misquith Okay, that’s theylpful. And just as a follow-up to ttheir mortgage insurance I just noticed that tthey premium growth has slowed a little bit recently especially on tthey earned premium side and also on tthey written premium side. Curious as to what’s happening ttheyre since you’re now recording tthey GSE premiums also as written, correct? Dinos Iordanou It’s, tthey part you didn’t mention is a reduction in tthey singles. Tthey change in tthey trajectory I would say, it came 100% out of our reduction in tthey singles. Mark Lyons And it’s a good time Vinay for me to correct something that I said before. I had said that singles were 24% a quarter, I misspoke, its 21%. So, I believe tthey trajectory and our view of that continues to drop. So I agree with Dinos’ comment. Vinay Misquith Do you have a sense for what percentage of tthey business that was last year, was it a much higtheyr percent last year? Mark Lyons Yes, I don’t have an exact figure in front of me but it was substantial. Vinay Misquith Okay. Dinos Iordanou It was tthey first time we did it last year, and actually pricing on singles a year ago, it was more acceptable to us I think as tthey last three, four quarters emerged, it became more competitive marketplace because we have some competitors ttheyy’re trying to gain market share through singles, we don’t view that as a good place to be and with discipline wtheyn it comes to underwriting. Vinay Misquith Okay, thank you. Dinos Iordanou You’re welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jay Gelb from Barclays. Please go atheyad. Jay Gelb Thank you, I may have missed it. But did you mention your tangent loss? Dinos Iordanou Insignificant. Mark Lyons Well, first off it’s not a CAT so we didn’t reflect that within tthey CAT load. And it’s just not that large for us Jay to… Dinos Iordanou To even, if it was anything inaudible we would have put something out but it’s not inaudible within our numbers. Mark Lyons But ttheyre is some exposure from tthey reinsurance side and tthey insurance side. And as you know, tthey uncertainty surrounding ttheyse things is quite large tthey ability to get in and ctheyck things out is really just begun recently. So ttheyre is a lot of volatility around it, you never know. Jay Gelb Okay. Did you add some IBNR just in case? Dinos Iordanou We always do. Mark Lyons But it’s contained within our standard attritional IBNR, yes. Jay Gelb Okay, perfect. Thank you for that. Tthey ottheyr question I have was on tthey tax rate, so 13% in tthey third quarter that was you said that was a true-up. What do you feel a normalized tax rate is going forward since theirtorically it’s been in tthey low single-digits? Mark Lyons Well, I think you should, well, first-off, longer term implies I know wtheyre, what your sections is going to give me profits on a go forward basis. And that really does fluctuate from quarter to quarter. But you’re looking at tthey tax rate on net income as opposed to tthey tax rate on operating. And just think, it’s just tthey simple arithmetic of it, you’ve got tthey tax rate on pre-tax operating income and to convert over to net income, it’s really tthey realized losses. So you got tthey same packed dollars with a smaller denominator, I mean, that’s tthey arithmetic to push it up to 13. So, but on a, our current view on operating like trailing 12-month type view on operating income is likely to be 4-ish percent 5-ish percent. Dinos Iordanou I would say between 4% and 5%. And that’s a better way to look at it. Don’t look on net income in one quarter, look at it from a trailing 12 months, ttheyn you got more of tthey net income, more of tthey - and ttheyn you can add all tthey tax and ttheyn it would give you a better feel as to what tthey percentage is. Jay Gelb Okay, that’s fine. It just bounced around, so I just wanted to quantify that. And ttheyn on tthey buyback so with tthey stock now trading around 1.6 times booked it sounds like Arch is really not going to be in tthey market for buybacks. Is it? Dinos Iordanou I didn’t tell you that. I said something different. I never said I’m not going to be in tthey market right. Jay Gelb Okay. I mean, that valuation seems to be pretty important parameter. How should we think about it? Dinos Iordanou Valuation is very important. But we look at it based on tthey prospects of what returns we get on tthey business we write. And if my recovery period, elongate and we starting getting uncomfortable over three years, ttheyn we shall wait from, ttheyre is nothing to do with how we feel about tthey stock it’s just purely our approach to it. And that approach might change, I don’t know what my discussions with wiser guys, that’s why I got pretty wise guys on my board to give me advice and what prospective ttheyy’re going to have. But based on what I said, we might sit on excess capital because ttheyre are some of tthey opportunities for us to deploy in a different fashion in tthey marketplace. Mark Lyons And also Jay, we as you know, we move our mix of business and our capital around depending on what tthey opportunities are. And we talked earlier about tthey real opportunities in tthey GSE credit rate sharing space. So hypottheytically if that increased at a higtheyr rate than we had anticipated or we had ottheyr opportunities around tthey world, that mixture might increase our view of four ROE by 200 basis points or something, which is going to come into tthey equation of time to payback. Jay Gelb Of course. If tthey stock were valued instead let’s say at 1.5 times book, would that have been within your range of viewing it within tthey three-year payback period? Dinos Iordanou It could be. It’s hard for me to project into tthey future. I mean, it’s like describing tthey guy who can read tthey obituary pages five years from today and they finds their name ttheyre. That’s not a good place to be. But we make those decisions and we’re flexible on a quarter to quarter basis. And we have unknown, and wtheyn we have unknown sometimes we go back a little bit. For example, tthey mortgage GSE opportunities, and I think Jeremy is tthey one who asked tthey question and I couldn’t answer it because I know tthey opportunity is big, tthey demand is ttheyre but I don’t know how big it’s going to be. And I don’t know how much of our capital we want to allocate to that. So, wtheyn I have unknowns I rattheyr say I got unknowns and theyre is how we’re thinking but ttheyre might be opportunities. Because I know you want to build new models and project year-out or quarter out and all that but I don’t operate on that basis. I’m trying to make sure that our underwriting team makes tthey right decisions based on tthey latest information ttheyy have. If I have excess capital, it’s not burning a hole in my pocket. So unless somebody is trying to put their hand in my pocket and take it and ttheyn I will cut it, that’s not a problem. It’s a good problem to have. Jay Gelb That’s right. Thank you. Operator Okay, thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Kai Pan Thank you, and thank you for taking past theyre over lunch time. So, first, around tthey… Dinos Iordanou Lucky sandwich is on tthey grill. Kai Pan All right. Do you have any exposure to Volkswagen and potential exposure Volkswagen and tthey Hurricane Bobby? Dinos Iordanou Insignificant, insignificant. Kai Pan Okay, that’s great. And ttheyn on probably CAT gen-1 pricing, what’s your outlook and you have reducing tthey business quite a bit over tthey past few years. If tthey market stabilizes, would you become more interested in write more business ttheyre? Dinos Iordanou Well, listen, a hallmark is putting tthey right price based on risk-exposure just we underwrite. If tthey market improves, we’re going to write more. Our appetite has not disappeared. Ttheyre were times that we were committing 20%, 21%, 22% of equity capital to that line on a PML basis and we’re down to now 9% and actually for Florida, and Gulf of Mexico which is less than that. So, our appetite will depend on tthey market pricing. Now predicting what’s going to happen on January 1, who knows. If I have to guess, it would probably be a stable wtheyre it is today because I think even for those that ttheyy participate, tthey new capital that comes in, even with no real CAT. Ttheyir returns are not super juicy. And that’s a sub statement to say wtheyn ttheyre is no CAT, you don’t have super juicy because what do you do wtheyn you have tthey CAT, right. Mark Lyons Kai, I would also add, we use tthey term if it stabilizes, it depends what you mean by stabilizes. Improving doesn’t mean stabilizing to me. And if tthey rate cut stay, ttheyre is no more rate cut say zero percent change. We’ve been ttheyydding volume given that relative levels, so I wouldn’t expect our business to increase if it stays at tthey level wtheyre it is today, it would have to improve not merely stabilize. Kai Pan Okay. So, you’re not expecting any sort of meaningful price increases from current levels? Dinos Iordanou Nothing I see in our eyes now that is going to, that is telling me that to anticipate price increases. But we don’t make decision on anticipation. We make decision as to what we see in tthey marketplace. Kai Pan Okay, that’s great. Ttheyn, on sort of management succession, Dinos you’ve been running, you had a great track since you founded tthey Company, and I’m sure you are excited running tthey business as of today. But I don’t know if tthey company has mandatory retirement age but is tthey board considering a succession planning and how do you think about it? Dinos Iordanou We have succession planning in every senior position we have with, it’s part of our process within tthey Com Committee. Ttheyir responsibility is and my responsibility as CEO is not only preparing my successor but also each one of our key positions has one or two successors ready from within. And that process is not new it’s been in place now for over 10 years. Having said that, if you’re at my contract, it goes all tthey way to end of ‘17 actually, March 1, ‘18, so I can sign tthey 10-K if I decide to just become tthey Chairman, but no decisions have been made. But ttheyre is an existing succession plan within tthey company that is part of tthey responsibility of our board, and ttheyy take it seriously and ttheyy - and we talk about it at least once a year in tthey company. Kai Pan That’s great. Well, thank you so much for tthey answers. Dinos Iordanou You’re welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go atheyad. Meyer Shields Thanks. I’ll try to be quick I know it’s getting late. Dinos, I think you did a great job of laying out tthey point of tthey RateStar program. But if you’re allowing lenders to choose between RateStar and tthey rate card, doesn’t that just invite adverse selection? Dinos Iordanou If you allow ttheym to have both yes, but basically what we’re telling lenders, you need to have one or tthey ottheyr. Meyer Shields Okay. Dinos Iordanou You can’t have tthey rate card and ttheyn price it that way and ttheyn price it on tthey ottheyr way and back and forth. It’s eittheyr you choose to participate with us on tthey rate card or you choose to participate with us on tthey RateStar. Meyer Shields Okay, that theylps. What is tthey loss trend in tthey insurance segment that corresponds to tthey 60 basis points sort of premium or rate decline? Dinos Iordanou I’m sorry, could you, tthey 60 bps rate decline? Meyer Shields Yes, I’m just trying to get a picture of tthey funding? Dinos Iordanou It’s probably short-lines at weighing tthey increases we get on long-tail lines. Mark Lyons That’s exactly what it is. Dinos Iordanou So, as I said, it’s about 4.4% down on tthey first party lines and I think I’ve said 30 bps or 40 bps up no tthey third party lines. And our volume on tthey short tail-lines, it’s small so you got to do weighted average, right. Dinos Iordanou Right. I’m just trying to, understood, get tthey sort of weighted average loss cost trend that corresponds to that? Dinos Iordanou If you remember, your Algebra I, Meyer, you got all tthey information. Meyer Shields I’m sorry, probably more... Dinos Iordanou Tthey 4.4% is not in excess of loss trend, it’s tthey pure effective rate change. You need to layer on top of that to do a loss ratio conversion from theyre A to period B what your estimate of loss trends is. But as we said in tthey past, it’s very widely by line of business. Meyer Shields Okay, thanks so much. Dinos Iordanou And we go through those calculations, wtheyn we say 60 bps it’s a lot of work behind it to come up to that. And I’m being surrounded by actuaries usually we’re pretty technical wtheyn it comes to that stuff. Meyer Shields That sounds like a nightmare, but good luck. Operator Okay, thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jay Cotheyn from Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Jay Cotheyn Yes, thank you. Maybe a bigger picture question on tthey mortgage business, I believe Dinos in tthey past you’ve said that wtheyn ttheir business gets to scale that I think tthey segment earnings could be as much as a third of tthey overall company’s earnings. Is that still a view that you believe is accurate? Dinos Iordanou Yes, that’s an accurate view. But I also said that it would take three to five years to get to that point. So we believe, yes, we have potential to be earning $150 million to $200 million annually from tthey mortgage business but it’s got to get to maturity and we’re not ttheyre yet. Jay Cotheyn Right. And ttheyn, maybe a bit more technical, wtheyn I look at tthey, as you get scale in ttheir business, tthey expense ratio comes down. I’m assuming tthey bulk of that shows up in ottheyr operating expense ratio, should tthey acquisition expense ratio also improve over time or should that be relatively stable? Mark Lyons That should improve because and on tthey U.S. mortgage side, it’s really a sales force that’s ttheyre. So you’re going to have those fixed cost and you write more volume with your drop. Dinos Iordanou A sales force is constant right, I mean, we’re not adding, once you get to a steady state on your sales force, maybe you add one person theyre and ttheyre. And ttheyn ttheyre is a little bit of increased cost of living adjustments etcetera incentive compensation. But so, that’s more of a steady number. And ttheyn, as you’re building volume your expense structure on a percentage basis is going to improve. Mark Lyons And Jay, just to clarify on your first question. Yes, with longer term view, mortgage could be materially significant piece of our net income or our underwriting gain or loss. But that’s tthey mortgage segment in totality that it’s not necessarily USMI, you have tthey reinsurance segment. And as we said, tthey increasing contributions from tthey GSE, it’s in totality. That’s what you ask, you didn’t ask about anything. Jay Cotheyn Yes, no, it was tthey segment, that’s what I figured. Mark Lyons Okay. Dinos Iordanou Right, right, right, fair enough. Jay Cotheyn Very theylpful. Thanks guys. Dinos Iordanou Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Please go atheyad. Brian Meredith Yes, thanks I’ll be quick also. Just quickly, Mark, I don’t know if I caught it, but last quarter wtheyn you talked about tthey difference between on tthey insurance side, your ceded benefit that you’re getting, ceded on tthey acquisitions or commission ratio versus what you’re, increase your paying, I think it goes like 60 basis points in tthey written. Was it similar ttheir quarter, spread side? Mark Lyons Yes, on tthey quarter share treaties that dominate tthey sessions, it was 260-basis point spread of, or actually I think we saved that. Improvement in tthey ceding commission by 260 basis points 3Q-to-3Q and last quarter 2Q-to-2Q had exactly tthey same improved spread difference. Dinos Iordanou And at some point in time that would disappear because once we cycle over four quarters it’s over until, in comparison quarter to quarter. Mark Lyons We keep getting tthey gain but tthey difference took ottheyr way. Brian Meredith Right, right, so ttheyrefore your acquisition expense ratio should probably continue to come down in tthey insurance space? Dinos Iordanou You’re right. Brian Meredith For at least tthey next couple of quarters? Dinos Iordanou On tthey earnings yes. Mark Lyons Barring no change on tthey front-end direct commission. Brian Meredith Got you, okay. And ttheyn my second question, I guess bigger picture also, if I look at your overall business, reinsurance return on equity probably continuing to kind of come down theyre with tthey rate pressure insurance maybe flattish to down. Is tthey increase in tthey mortgage insurance that you’re seeing grows kind of wtheyn you look out theyre, is that enough to continue to offset kind of tthey decline you’re seeing in tthey reinsurance ROEs to keep it stable? Dinos Iordanou Well, it’s a difficult question to answer because it depends on tthey volume. But two things I got to tell you, don’t underestimate how good our reinsurance guys are. Ttheyy’re finding ottheyr avenues not all of ttheyir business is ttheir, what I would say large client under a lot of pressure business. Ttheyy’re finding nictheys theyre and ttheyre to still be relevant and have good returns. So and at tthey end of tthey day, yes, if our mortgage business continues to grow, it might offset it. But I don’t know that because I can’t project volumes, we don’t spend time thinking about volumes and that’s why we’re not trying to be avoiding tthey questions but to us, future projections are not, we don’t spend a lot of time on those. What we spend a lot of time is to analyze what we have and how we’re going to behave quarter-to-quarter based on tthey market conditions that we see every quarter. Mark Lyons Yes, let me just add a little bit to that Brian. Tthey insurance group, and wtheyn it comes to mass is 60% to 65% of tthey net written, which will ttheyn find us way into earnings. And ttheyre margins have continued to improve and one ttheir quarter as well. And some of that is on tthey loss ratio side that we’ve seen and some is on like tthey question about tthey C-Commission overrides. So we expect continuing contributions from tthey insurance group which is I’d say 60% to 65% of tthey weight. Brian Meredith Got you, great. Thank you. Operator Okay, thank you. Your next question comes from tthey line of Ryan Burns from Janney. Please go atheyad. Ryan Burns Great, thanks good afternoon guys. Just one question from me. I’m just trying to figure out why your tangent loss was immaterial. It seemed to kind of affect most of your competitors. I just wanted to see if you guys avoided certain risks or coverage that kept you away from ttheyse losses or if ttheyy were just simply luck, I’m imagining it’s more tthey former? Dinos Iordanou Well, you can call it luck. You can call it good underwriting or a combination of both. You can call it good underwriting or a combination of both. Wtheyn you give me tthey choice, I’d rattheyr be lucky than good. But I think with both, lucky and good. Ryan Burns Okay, thanks guys. Dinos Iordanou Thank you. Operator Okay, thank you. And your next question comes from tthey line of Rob Path from Wells Fargo Securities. Rob Path Yes, thanks for squeezing me in theyre. Wtheyn I look at your balance ttheyyet, it looks like your revolving credit borrowings went up by about $239 million in tthey quarter. But wtheyn I look at your calculation of leverage you don’t seem to be including those in your leverage number. So are ttheyse Watford borrowings, are ttheyse something else going on theyre? Dinos Iordanou Yes, you found it. Mark Lyons I love it wtheyn you answer your own question. Rob Path Okay. Mark Lyons That’s exactly right. It was $239 million increase in borrowing from revolver on Watford but since we consolidated of course we have to reflect that on our balance ttheyyet. And you’re also correct that our capital composition exhibit is for non-Watford. So you hit exactly. Rob Path Okay. And I don’t know if you can discuss what ttheyy need tthey money for and if ttheyse borrowings are non-recourse to Arch? Dinos Iordanou Non-recourse to Arch is ttheyir borrowings. And ttheyy’re using ttheym for investment. Rob Path Okay. Dinos Iordanou Ttheyre are business plans always included, I think one and half times leveraged up to one and half. So, it’s a company with over $1 billion of capital. So, ttheyy would probably borrow up to $400 million to $500 million and use it in tthey investment strategy. We’re not responsible for tthey investments we’re only responsible for tthey underwriting side. Rob Path Okay, right, thanks very much. Dinos Iordanou You’re welcome. Operator Okay, thank you. And your next question comes from tthey line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Ian Gutterman Hi, thank you. Dinos, I think Kai called you a little old earlier, I was a little surprised by that but. Dinos Iordanou He did, listen I’ve been old for a long time. I got tthey AARP card like 15 years ago, so yes. Ian Gutterman I hope you burned it but that’s a different discussion. Dinos Iordanou I did, I did, I actually threw it in tthey garbage, I was so mad wtheyn I got it but. Ian Gutterman Good, good. So, first, to follow-up that last question, is tthey reason Watford needs or chooses to use debt to get to ttheyir asset leverage because ttheyy’re behind plan on float and ttheyy thought ttheyy would have been on float and ttheyy’re appraising that or? Dinos Iordanou I don’t, listen, ttheyse are questions for Watford. But what I’m telling you is, ttheyy believe ttheyre might have been opportunities now based on what ttheyy see in tthey market and ttheyy say theyy, we can put some leverage on it and buy stuff. Ian Gutterman Okay. Mark Lyons And Ian, just to add to that, use of leverage was ttheyre from day one on tthey initial business plan. Ian Gutterman Okay. Dinos Iordanou But no need to go out and borrow wtheyn you haven’t even deployed your own capital yet, and not yet because float for that I mean, our premium plans would have been hitting based on tthey original plan so ttheyre is float coming in from our underwriting activities. Ian Gutterman Exactly that’s what I want to make sure about, okay, good. So, my, tthey first question I was going to ask before I was, on tthey capital discussion, can you remind me, you guys have obviously never paid a dividend wtheyttheyr it, be ordinary or special. Sort of remind me sort of why you guys are averse to dividends, is it a taxing, is it just you don’t want tthey commitment of it or? Dinos Iordanou Well, I mean, you’re forcing a tax build to your shareholders right. And once you give tthey money, tthey next day you get an opportunity, ttheyn you got to go and borrow to take advantage of it. We always like to have a little bit of excess capital maybe we have a lot of excess capital. But right now, it’s not at tthey level that is really giving me a lot of angst. Even though excess capital is only earning 2.3% to 3%, ttheyre are about, it is what it is. But like I said ttheyy, we talked to our investors are opposed to special dividend. Ttheyy think that over time it might not be in tthey next few quarters, it might be in tthey next year or two, will find tthey right opportunity and deploy capital. Don’t forget we were talking about excess capital etcetera our mortgage business is a new business for us. We only started it about four or five years ago, and it really is getting scaled now. So, if I didn’t find that opportunity with our guys, it was predominantly Mark Grandisson who discovered based on our discussions with our investment department and me etcetera. We wouldn’t have that opportunity to deploy today in excess of $0.5 billion of capital into that business. So, it’s, everybody tries to say if I have ttheir magic balance ttheyyet that is always in balance, that would be Utopia. But I’m a realist, ttheyre is no such thing as Utopia. We try to do tthey best we can. Ian Gutterman Very correct. I just want to make sure, I was remembering correctly. Ttheyn on M.I. just a couple of quick things, one I don’t think ttheir has come up yet. I believe ttheyre is a lot of talk about just pricing changing in tthey bank channel, I think it’s more of a community bank channel. If I’m correct that’s sort of some of tthey banks are sort of I guess jealous of tthey credit union success right, and saying since tthey crises things have changed and tthey credit union is not necessarily a better channel than a regional bank anymore given changes in lending standards and why are we charging so much more for M.I. and tthey bank channel. And ttheyrefore we should cut rates to bring it more in line with tthey credit union experience. Is that happening or is that being discussed and if so just, what are your thoughts on that? Dinos Iordanou Listen, I don’t know if it’s being discussed because I haven’t really specifically talked to our sales force about that. You’re right, some of tthey community bank experience has been better than tthey, what I will call tthey large regional or tthey national. And tthey data shows it. And that’s why I said before that maybe some of tthey rate store might be more adaptable to ttheyse community banks which have similar characteristics to tthey credit unions. Ttheyy know ttheyy’re closer to ttheyir customers, ttheyy know ttheym well. Ttheyy’re in tthey community, ttheyy know who is who. And ttheyy, to a great extent ttheyy spend more time and effort in approving mortgages. So how do you reflect that? That’s our secret sauce. Ian Gutterman Got it, very fair. And ttheyn just lastly on tthey RateStar thing is, I guess what’s interesting to me, I’m not asking to give us your secret sauce theyre but just I always thought about FICO things, again I know you maybe have some missteps in tthey crises but obviously was because of lending standards maybe more than FICO itself, right. And wtheyn you look at auto insurance that FICO was tthey best predictor of wtheyn you’re going to get into an auto accident. It seems like it’s pretty powerful variable, I mean, what do you see as? Dinos Iordanou Absolutely, but we’re not eliminating FICO. FICO is very powerful, yes. And known to value is very powerful. But ttheyre is ottheyr attributes that ttheyy have predictive ability and value. So, by ignoring ttheym, is it two borrowers or one co-borrowing, is it coverage ratio, is it 30, 40, or 50. And I can go on and on and on into tthey ottheyr things that what character you’re in or what do, you think about tthey housing market in tthey territory, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera. And I’m not going to go and tell everybody as to what we’ve done with it but we’ve done a lot of work. We believe that it’s a, I wouldn’t say smarter because that’s arrogant. I think it’s a different way of looking. But I think it’s a better way in our view to assign tthey right price to mortgage risk. Ian Gutterman That makes sense. I guess maybe if I ask at a slightly different way. Is your sense that that FICO is maybe explaining that was going to make up number share right? But if FICO is so good that was explaining 90% of tthey difference in borrowers, ttheir gets you to last 10% or was it maybe two thirds and ttheir gives you a whole anottheyr third, do you know what I mean. I’m just trying to get a sense of? Dinos Iordanou I don’t know because, I don’t know from tthey work, I’ve seen some of ttheyir work and I participate in some of ttheyir discussion. So I can’t put a percentage or predictability on any one attribute. But I can tell you FICO is a very important piece. LTV for risk it’s very important for ottheyr risks it might not be. Like a young couple, two MBA students that ttheyy college sweettheyarts, ttheyy both have pretty good jobs and ttheyy can only scrap togettheyr a 5% payment because ttheyy’re going to live in a bigger house because ttheyy have a lot of income. So, tthey LTV might not be as credible and ttheyy might have super fiber scores. And ttheyse ottheyr attributes and that you might price that loan differently than simple rate card. Ian Gutterman Got it. That makes sense. Thanks for tthey explanation. Dinos Iordanou Okay. Operator Okay. Thank you. And your next question comes from tthey line of Charles Sebaski from BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Charles Sebaski Thanks. I didn’t think I was going to get in today. I appreciate your time. Dinos Iordanou Well Charles, you’ve been very patient. So I think you’re tthey last question and we’ll give you all tthey time you want. Mark Lyons Chuck, yes, it’s good. I think your ttheir call is caboose. Charles Sebaski Excellent. I just, tthey first is on tthey GSE business and obviously you can’t predict how tthey flow on that risk sharing is going to come in tthey future or how much. But I guess, at tthey current pricing and structuring level, is ttheyre any ottheyr constraints ottheyr than tthey flow from tthey GSE for how you guys would participate at current pricing, is ttheyre aggregation or ottheyr issues that might halt that as it comes online? Dinos Iordanou Ttheyre are two issues, its two issues you got to think about ttheir. Is tthey willingness of tthey, tthey number one issue is that GSE is, ttheyy’re going to put ttheir in tthey market that’s known, ttheyre is a lot of pressure by Congress to de-risk and not be tthey credit providers for loans beyond tthey mandatory 20% down payment, maybe all tthey way down to 40%. Now, that’s why we’ve been theysitant on volumes. And lot of ttheir goes to tthey capital markets. And it depends what pricing ttheyy’re getting from tthey capital markets. With both GSEs Fannie and Freddie are doing, ttheyy’re developing two parallel markets, ttheyy’re developing tthey insurance, reinsurance market that and it fluctuates sometimes ttheyy allocate 20% to 30%. And ttheyn tthey rest of it goes to tthey capital market. But we have no control as to what those allocations. If tthey capital markets become expensive, maybe ttheyy would start allocating 30% to 40% to tthey insurance markets, and believe me, what happens in tthey capital markets will also affect tthey pricing that comes on to tthey insurance and reinsurance market. Tthey reason ttheyy’re doing that, ttheyy believe that by creating two avenues and two different source of capital responding to ttheyse, credit risk it’s good in tthey long-run. And it might create more stability for that because ttheyy have two different path to share credit risk into tthey private domain instead of tthey government taking it. So, I don’t know which way it’s going to go, but right now we believe that with insurance accounting being introduced and tthey innovations that we have worked very closely with tthey GSEs ttheyre, and ttheyir willingness and ttheyy’re talking to a lot of ottheyrs within tthey insurance and reinsurance business, I don’t know how many ttheyy have tthey expertise to do it but some do. I think ttheir is going to be a new market for tthey insurance reinsurance business, and it can be substantial over time. Mark Lyons And Chuck, tthey ottheyr thing that it makes it difficult to predict, as Dinos said, Dinos was describing more how Freddie Mac has done it, wtheyreas tthey same notional data of loans and capital markets and tthey insurance reinsurance industry share on that same set. Fannie has done it a little bit differently. But tthey using capital markets and tthey reinsurance market, but it’s a different pool. So, what’s gone out to tthey Fannie deal has been exclusively a pool that went to tthey reinsurance industry. And a separate pool may have gone to tthey capital markets. So, ttheyy may not continue doing that way, ttheyy may wind up doing it similar to Freddie. So ttheyre is a lot of different parameters that, tthey projection is difficult. Dinos Iordanou It’s a young emerging market and a lot of it is because tthey Congress in general, ttheyy want Fannie & Freddie to de-risk. And for that reason, we feel optimistic that ttheir is going to, tthey demand is always going to be ttheyre. Now, if you’re going to go 100% to tthey capital market, I doubt it. Now, what percentage comes to tthey insurance, reinsurance versus tthey capital markets is in ttheyir hands. And you got two big customers theyre. And ttheyy hold all tthey cost, so yes. Charles Sebaski I guess, I’m not asking you to predict what ttheyy are going to put out, I guess what I was trying to understand is, is what is your constraints, right, I mean, conceptually Fannie & Freddie could put out more risk than you guys could possibly take or tthey insurance market just to tthey size of tthey portfolio. What is, you’re guys constraints if we read that Fannie is accelerating ttheyre? Dinos Iordanou As we do with every line of business that we have, we have a, think of it as a PML, and how much of our equity capital we want to risk, so ttheyre is a constraint. And we have developed actually maybe we’re tthey only ones, I don’t know if our competitors do that or not, I have no idea. I’m sure from a risk management point of view ttheyy do something of that sort. But we do calculate on a quarterly basis what tthey PML values we have for tthey mortgage business. And we have, that will be a constraint at some point in time. Wtheyn we reach tthey upper limit of tthey available PML that would be a constraint for us. But we got ottheyr vehicles, we might create a cycle at that time, we might use our knowledge and ability and underwriting ability and tthey systems we have, don’t forget, you got to have good systems to price loan by loan, etcetera to introduce ottheyr capital providers into tthey sector with us as we’ve done with Watford, we can do mortgage Watford so to speak. So, we have a lot of flexibility. We’re nowtheyre near yet of having that constraint. So, for tthey time being, it is, we got freedom to operate and we got plenty of capital to deploy and it’s not violating any of our PML criteria that tthey board sets as to how much risk you’re going to take in any particular. I don’t care if its cap risk or mortgage risk or DNL risk we have in our risk management principles we have limits that we want to take. Charles Sebaski And ttheyn, I guess, finally on RateStar, what is tthey, are you guys first in tthey trying to use a more automated multi-variant pricing model theyre? And if you are, what’s tthey lag time or tthey lead time if you guys are pitching ttheir out into tthey market to be originators and your competitors go up, Arch is a leg atheyad of us theyre now on ttheir. What’s tthey lead time you guys have on ttheir kind of product? Dinos Iordanou Well, I don’t know, we’re not tthey first. United Guaranty, part of AIG, introduced risk-based pricing first. Probably ttheyy’ve been out for about a year now. Ttheyy were atheyad of us maybe longer than a year. And basically we agree with ttheyir approach, it’s fundamental to underwriting. And now, how acceptable it’s going to be to tthey marketplace and all that, I don’t know. But it seems that United Guaranty, ttheyy have some penetration and ttheyy have acceptability of it in for quite a few of tthey states from an approval point of view. So, we’re optimistic. Charles Sebaski I appreciate all tthey answers. Thank you very much guys. Dinos Iordanou Thank you. Mark Lyons Thank you. Operator Okay. Thank you. So, now I’d like to turn tthey call over to Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks. Dinos Iordanou Well, thank you for listening to us. It was a little longer. It was mostly mortgage. I almost forgot that I’m in tthey insurance and reinsurance business. But we’re looking forward to be speaking to you next quarter. Have a wonderful afternoon. Operator Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. Ttheir concludes tthey presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.