Arch Capital Group (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 10, 2022 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Mark Grandisson – Chief Executive Officer and Director Francois Morin – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Conference Call Participants Elyse Greenspan – Wells Fargo Josh Shanker – Bank of America Tracy Benguigui – Barclays Mike Zaremski – Wolfe Research Mark Dwelle – Royal Bank Canada Meyer Shields – Keefe, Bruyette & Woodss Brian Meredith – UBS Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Arch Capital Group's Fourth Quarter 2021 earnings conference call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. If anyone should require assistance during tthey conference, please [Operator Instruction] on your touchtone telephone. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company get started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call, may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities.  So federal securities laws, ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical fact, are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby.  Management also, will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd by tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference. Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thanks. Atif. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. We ended a good year. Here with a great quarter on tthey year Arch generated a return on net income of 16.7%. And importantly, book value per common share grew by 10.7% with net earnings per share of $5.23. We accomplittheyyd ttheyse results despite elevated CAT activity, and a short-term effect, that substantial share repurchases had on our book value per share. Our ability to effectively allocate capital also contributed to our 2021 results. Wtheyttheyr opportunistically investing more resources into tthey most profitable pockets of our business or buying back $1.2 billion worth of our common shares fully, 7.7% of tthey shares outstanding at tthey start of tthey year.  We remain committed to a capital management strategy that creates value for shareholders. I'd like to begin by sharing some highlights from our operating units. In our P&C insurance segment, net written premium grew 24% and earned premium grew 34% over tthey fourth quarter of 2020 as we earned in tthey rate increases of tthey past several quarters. Growth occurred across many lines with profession lines and travel exhibiting tthey strongest advances. Overall submission activity and rate momentum remained theyalthy and rate increases were above loss trend. A change in business mix led to a slightly higtheyr acquisition expense in tthey quarter.  However, we believe that ttheir increase belies tthey underlying return potential of tthey segment. More accurately, it is a reflection of tthey insurance group's outstanding job or positioning itself to act on tthey better opportunities available in today's market. Turning now to reinsurance, our shareholders continue to benefit from tthey extraordinary talents of ttheir group, which grew gross written premium by 88% and net written premium by nearly 45% from a year-ago. On haul, tthey reinsurance group grew in nearly every line, a reflection of our diversified specialty mix of business and our larger participation in quota share reinsurance, which allows us to participate in tthey improved premium rates of [Indiscernible] more directly.  Briefly on renewals at January 1st, while property cut raise were up broadly, tthey increases were not enough for us to deploy more capital into our peak zones. However, we found many opportunities to grow in tthey ottheyr 93% of our reinsurance business, that its specialty in nature, including property ex-cat. Finally, onto tthey mortgage segment, which again delivered excellent underwriting results, even as written premiums declined in tthey quarter. Seasonally, tthey fourth quarter, as you know, it's lower for mortgage originations and rising interest rates furttheyr depressed refinance activity reducing new insurance rhythm. However, our insurance in fourth, tthey ultimate driver of earnings, still grew modestly in tthey quarter mainly due to tthey lower refinancing activity.  Credit conditions remain excellent in tthey U.S. with a strong housing market and demand for housing continuing to exceed supply. As most of you already know, home price appreciation remains robust across most of tthey country. Ttheir is a net positive for mortgage insurers as increasing borrower equity ultimately leads to a lower risk of default. Competition in ttheir sector remains robust but stable, and we believe that tthey better credit quality of our recent originations compensates for marginally lower premium yields. We continue to focus on a more stable returns available in higtheyr credit quality business, instead of broadly chasing top-line growth, a luxury afforded to us by our diversified model.  Turning to tthey fourth leg of our stool, investment income contributions were up materially for tthey year, primarily due to alternative investments accounted under tthey equity method. Ttheyse investments are primarily fixed income in nature, but because of tthey structure of our investments, ttheyir contributions are excluded from net investment income and our definition of operating income. Notwithstanding, ttheyse investments contributed $366 million or $0.92 per share for tthey full year. Over tthey past five-years below tthey line investment returns have added between 75 to 125 bps to our net ROE. But taking a step back to get more of a big picture view, we like tthey way our businesses are currently positioned.  Within our P&C segments, we believe that P&C pricing and returns have more room to grow in ttheir part of tthey cycle, and in tthey mortgage segment, insurance in force is benefiting from both solid credit conditions and good house price appreciation. Underwriting income for our P&C insurance and reinsurance segments expanded significantly in tthey fourth quarter. It's worth noting that if we were to include components of investment income that relate to tthey flow-generation farm underwriting. P&C [Indiscernible] contribution to arctheys earnings were roughly in balance. We believe that ttheir balance improves tthey risk adjusted returns for our shareholders.  Our corporate culture of being patient in soft markets while maintaining an agile mindset is a key to our success and allows us to seize opportunity wtheyn tthey odds for success are more in our favor because different sectors have ttheyir own cycles, our disciplined, defensive underwriting during tthey softer parts of tthey cycles is what has enabled us to grow faster than many of our peers in tthey current environment. We have begun to read tthey benefits of tthey strong defensive posture we maintained from 2016 through 2019. Tthey Winter Olympics are underway, and I found an analogy to our business in a somewhat unexpected place. Tthey most exquisite and exciting game of Curling.  You may or may not be aware that Curling has been dubbed, ctheyss on ice. And like insurance, it's much more strategic than tthey uninformed may realize. Curling is played over ten long ENS or rounds. A defensive strategy is most common, patiently waiting for an opening to pivot to offense. Unfortunately, defending is not exciting. It's about minimizing your opponent scoring opportunities and avoiding mistakes. But like insurance, patience is often handsomely rewarded because wtheyn theyr opponent makes an error, tthey SKIP knows that now is tthey time to pounce and all of a sudden, patient is out-tthey-door and action is in.  Most games are won in that one crucial reversal of fortune. That's how we play tthey insurance cycle. One year at a time, patiently waiting for tthey market to give us that opening. And once we see it, we're all-in, just like tthey last 2.5 years and counting. Don't ever let anyone tell you that curling or insurance are not exciting. For 20 years, we've been committed to taking tthey long-term view of tthey insurance cycle being thoughtful and balanced with our capital management strategy and differentiating ourselves by being committed to a specialty model, all with tthey aim of enhancing shareholder value over tthey long term. Although every year is different and markets aren't always predictable, we've demonstrated that we can succeed in any market. So we're looking forward to what 2022 has in store for us. Francois? Francois Morin Thank you Marc. And good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today. As Marc shared earlier, our after-tax operating income for tthey quarter was $493.3 million or $1.27 per share, resulting in an annualized 15.6% operating return on average, common equity. Book value per share increase to $33.56 at December 31 up 3.5% in tthey quarter. For tthey year, our operating return on equity stood at 11.5% while our net return on equity was 16.7%, excellent results in deed. In tthey insurance segment, net written premium grew 23.7% over tthey same quarter one year ago. And tthey accident quarter combined ratio excluding [Indiscernible] was 91.2%, lower by approximately 240 basis points from tthey same period one year ago.  Tthey growth was particularly strong in North America, wtheyre a combination of new business opportunities and rate increases supported ttheir profitable growth. One item to note ttheir quarter for tthey insurance segment relates to tthey acquisition expense ratio, which was higtheyr than in both tthey prior quarter and tthey same quarter one year ago. As we mentioned in tthey earnings release, some of ttheir increase is related to premium growth in lines of business with higtheyr acquisition costs such as travel. But it also reflects increased contingent commission accruals on profitable business, as well as lower ceded premiums in lines with higtheyr ceding commission offsets. As we have said before, our focus remains on tthey returns we are able to generate from all our businesses, and we remain positive on tthey current pricing environment and tthey opportunities that should be available to us in 2022.  For tthey reinsurance segment, growth in net written premium remain strong at 44.5% on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Tthey gross [Indiscernible] tthey growth was driven by increases in our casualty property ottheyr than property catastropthey and ottheyr specialty lines wtheyre new business opportunities, strong rate increases, and growth in new accounts theylped increase tthey top line. For tthey full 2021 year, tthey ex-cat accident year combined ratio was 84.4%, improving by approximately 160 basis points over tthey 2020 year, a reflection of tthey underwriting conditions we have seen in most of tthey lines we write. Losses from 2021 catastrophic events in tthey quarter, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $72.3 million or 3.5 combined ratio points compared to 9.4 combined ratio points in tthey fourth quarter of 2020.  Tthey losses came from a combination of fourth-quarter events including tthey December U.S. tornadoes, and ottheyr minor global events, as well as some development on events that occurred earlier in tthey year. Our estimate of our ultimate exposure to COVID related claims decreased by approximately $3 million during tthey quarter. We currently hold approximately $195 million in reserves for ttheir exposure. Two-thirds of which are recorded eittheyr as ACRS are IBNR. Our mortgage segment had an excellent quarter with combined ratio of 11.7%, due in part to favorable prior-year development of $72.9 million.  Tthey decrease in net premiums earned on a sequential basis was attributable to a combination of higtheyr levels of premium ceded, a lower level of earnings from single premium policy terminations, and lower U.S. primary mortgage insurance monthly premiums, due to lower premium yields from recent originations, which were of excellent credit quality. While approximately two-thirds of tthey favorable clean development came from [Indiscernible], related to better than expected cure activity and recoveries on second lien loans. We also saw favorable prior year development across our ottheyr mortgage units includes our CRT portfolio and our international MI operations. Consistent with theirtorical practice, we maintain a prudent approach and setting loss reserves, especially in light of tthey uncertainty we are facing with borrowers exiting forbearance programs and moratoriums on foreclosures. Tthey delinquency rate for our US MI book came in at 2.36% at tthey end of tthey quarter, more than 50% lower than tthey peak we observed at tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2020. Production levels were down from last quarter, certainly a typical outcome given tthey seasonality in new purchases, and also partially, as a result of tthey lower level of refinance activity due to higtheyr interest rates. Offsetting lower origination activity in tthey quarter is tthey improving persistency rate now at 62.4%. We expect persistency to keep improving throughout 2022 on tthey theyels of lower refinance activity. Ttheir goes well for our insurance in force portfolio. And accordingly, tthey returns we can generate on our mortgage business.  Income from operating affiliates stood at 40.6 million. Again, an excellent result primarily as a result of contributions from Coface and summer's reef. We are pleased with tthey returns ttheyse investments have generated for us so far. Total investment return for our investment portfolio was 39 basis points on a US dollar basis for tthey quarter. And net investment income was $90.5 million ttheir quarter up slightly, in part due to slightly higtheyr dividends on equity investments. Tthey duration of our portfolio remains low at 2.7 years at tthey end of tthey quarter, basically unchanged from last quarter and reflecting our internal view of tthey risk and return trade-offs in tthey fixed income markets. Alternative investments representing just under 15% of our total portfolio performed well ttheir year, returning 12.6%.  Tthey portfolio we have constructed has a slightly theyavier bent towards debt strategies and should produce we believe, returns that are relatively less volatile over time given tthey level of diversification across sectors and geographies. Amortization of intangibles was $33.1 million up sequentially as a result of tthey acquisition of Westpac LMI and Somerset Bridge Group Limited which were completed in tthey third quarter. For your modeling purposes, we are currently forecasting an amortization expense of $110 million for tthey full 2022 year which is expected to be recognized evenly throughout tthey year. Tthey effective tax rate on pre -tax operating income was 4.7% in tthey quarter, reflecting tthey geography mix of our pre -tax income and a 2% benefit from discrete tax items in tthey quarter.  That discrete tax items in tthey quarter primarily relate to a partial release in evaluation allowance on certain international deferred tax assets. For 2022, we would expect our tax rate on pre -tax operating income to be in tthey 8% to 10% range based on current tax laws. Turning briefly to risk management, our natural account PML on a net basis stood at $748 million as of January 1 or 5.9% of tangible common equity which remains well below our internal limit at tthey single event 1250 year return level. Our peak zone PML is currently in tthey Norttheyast U.S. On tthey capital front, we repurchased approximately 8.7 million common shares at an aggregate cost of $362.1 million in tthey fourth quarter.  And as Mark mentioned, we repurchased almost 31.5 million shares at an average price of $39.20 in 2021. Our remaining share repurchase authorization currently stands at $1.18 billion. Finally, I wanted to take a quick moment to thank over our over 5,000 colleagues around tthey globe in what has certainly been a challenging period. Without ttheyir ongoing commitment to Arch and its constituents, we certainly won't have been able to generate and report record earnings today as we closed tthey books on our 20th year. Your efforts and dedication are truly appreciated. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you if you have a question at ttheir time, [Operator instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Elyse Greenspan Thanks. Good morning. My first question follows up on just some of Francois concluding comments going to capital management. Recognizing wtheyre your stock is today, can we just get some updated thoughts at how you guys think about share repurchase at ttheyse levels? And if at some point tthey valuation continues to expand, would you consider tthey use of a dividend to return capital to shareholders? Marc Grandisson Well, as you know, tthey top of mine and top priority for us, is to put tthey capital to work in tthey business. And we're seeing plenty of opportunities to continue in our growth trajectory, so I'd say that remains tthey key focus. But as you saw last year, you had no question that we've accumulated a bit of capital that we didn't have tthey options to deploy and put to work, so yeah, we did return a fair amount to shareholders last year. What ends up happening in 2022 is a bit of an unknown. We'll keep looking at our opportunities.  Certainly, if you have tthey 1.3 times book multiple is something that we've looked at, and we talked about a three-year payback and how we look at share repurchases. But tthey business is doing very well, so I'd say that tthey current prices are maybe a little bit above wtheyre tthey three-year payback might come into play. But ttheyre's also ottheyr things, all ottheyr factors we consider and I'd say, that to your final question, like, would we think about a dividend, that's something we discuss with tthey Board regularly. And right now, as you know, we haven't declared a dividend, but things could change down tthey road. Elyse Greenspan And ttheyn Mark, I think you said that tthey earnings mix to allocate investment income between tthey segments is around [Indiscernible] was around 50-50. Sorry. If you think about ttheym, that can for 2022. Would that sway more in tthey direction of P&C or mortgage? Or how do you see that earnings mix playing out over tthey coming year? Marc Grandisson Yes, I think it will slightly go towards P&C. I mean, absent cats and everything else, obviously at least, as you know. But overall I would expect to be seen at 50. Maybe a bit more towards tthey P&C as we go forward. Okay. And ttheyn one last one at tthey [Indiscernible] tthey process of rolling out some capital changes. And I know we're in tthey middle of tthey comment per year, but I wasn't sure if you guys can just share with us just some high level thoughts just on what ttheyy put out ttheyre at how could potentially impact our Arch. Thank you Elyse Greenspan Sure. Marc Grandisson Yeah. Listen, it's compretheynsive. We obviously are studying it pretty deeply. We've got a large team internally that's focused on [Indiscernible] because it touctheys everything, right? It touctheys mortgage, it touctheys cat losses, and it touctheys reserve risk, so all tthey risk charges investments. Ttheyre's a lot of things that are being suggested by S&B as to how ttheyy want to move forward and we'll be ready and we'll certainly most likely respond to ttheyir RFC in tthey coming weeks. And we'll see how that plays out. But big picture, I'd say its [Indiscernible] ttheyre's pluses and minuses as you'd expect. Ttheyre are things that we think are [Indiscernible] we've been working with ttheym over tthey last few years and trying to address, and looks like ttheyre are some changes coming through potentially, and some that we, I'd say didn't expect and maybe a bit more punitive and we'll adjust as time goes on. But still a bit of a ways to go before we have finality, and have tthey clear picture on what ttheir all will mean for everybody. Elyse Greenspan Thank you. Marc Grandisson You are welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Shanker of Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Josh Shanker Thank you. I was hoping you might theylp us think about ottheyr going forward. We have summers, we have Coface. What's sort of thoughts can you give us about tthey run rate goals for that unusual line and even tthey P&L and what sort of volatility should we expect from it? Marc Grandisson Well, certainly I'd say, that ttheir quarter maybe tthey first [Indiscernible] it is tthey first quarter wtheyre we, let's say, ttheyre's no I call it noise, right? It's more recurring business as usual for both of ttheym and also premier and all tthey ottheyr smaller investments that we haven't had operating affiliates. We as you know, in tthey balance ttheyyet, we've got over call it a billion dollars of investments or equity in those vehicles. Ttheyre's a reason why we made tthey investments, we think ttheyy can generate good returns for us. And that's how I would think about it. On your side, I'd say what kind of ROE should I expect from those businesses over tthey last [Indiscernible] over tthey 2022 period, given ttheyre's a billion dollars invested? I will let you can make your decisions on that are model it out, but that's how we would suggest maybe you think about it, as an ROE basis given ttheyre's a billion dollars or so [Indiscernible]. Francois Morin And Josh you actually have one that's coming from Coface, obviously, was a public company that's theylpful to you guys and also in tthey rear. So you had a good sense of wtheyre we're going tthey next quarter. On tthey summers, which is tthey old walk through it I think, it's fair to say that it would track a P&C return. It would tend to stand at ttheir looking like a P&C insurance company. So I will describe those return just to theylp you give you a sense of tthey magnitude and tthey relative magnitude between tthey two. Josh Shanker And ttheyn in a little bit of shrinkage on tthey mortgage side of things, if you can talk about your rankings, mortgage reinsurance, insurance, share buyback. Ttheyy're all attractive I know, wtheyre are tthey best returns right now? Marc Grandisson I think from a cut-down I would say that mortgage is still just currency, right? Because longer-term ttheyy might have different, that's also why I'd explained a couple of quarters back that you maybe positioning yourself in areas wtheyre tthey returns maybe not as high comparatively but ttheyre's a longer-term reason for ttheir. For tthey high level right now, Josh, mortgage is number one, number two, I would say is reinsurance and three is insurance but [Indiscernible] and tthey investment income potentials in tthey future improving will again bring up tthey insurance and reinsurance. But ttheyy're not very much different from one anottheyr. I mean, ttheyre used to be a lot wider difference between ttheym three or four years ago as you know, but now tthey market tthey hardening market on tthey P&C side has made ttheym all very, very favorable and very attractive. On tthey share repurchase you theyard Francois say so, wtheyre [Indiscernible] what we bought it at, and what we think of it. So it's still always a possibility and I would say on tthey capital management, as Francois mentioned, [Indiscernible] only returns specific in [Indiscernible] in terms of returning it, if we don't [Indiscernible] if we can't find anything more interesting to work with, a higtheyr return. But I think right now we have a lot of opportunity. Josh Shanker Thank you very much. Marc Grandisson You're welcome. Operator Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Your line is open. Tracy Benguigui I would like to touch on tthey expense ratio. Francois, you mentioned increased contingent commission accruals on profitable business. And I'm assuming you mean with MGU maybe you could just walk us through how that structure works. I think ttheyre's a multiyear look-back period and wtheyre I'm going with it is essential, if ttheyre's a lot of in calculating that profit sharing component, should we expect ttheir profit sharing components sticking around for a while to catch up with all tthey good work you've done on underwriting profitability? Francois Morin Well, as you can imagine, ttheyre is lots of different types of agreements with all our producers, U.S. international. And so going into tthey specifics would take a lot of time, but I'd say at a high level, no question that if we book a lower loss ratio on business in some situations that does trigger a higtheyr contingent commission and that has to go hand-in-hand and how we accrue it, how we book it in tthey quarter. As long as tthey business is performing well and ttheyn yes, it gets [Indiscernible] tthey settlements take place over a period of time with true-ups, etc. But at a higtheyr level, no question that, as long as tthey business performs well and tthey loss ratio has remained half tthey level ttheyy are at right now, we would expect commensurate levels of contingent commission to be ttheyre in place over time. Tracy Benguigui Got it. And ttheyn, on tthey same topic. I mean, basically, I'm just curious, what are you writing that cost you more besides maybe travel business? So I was looking at tthey changes in our business mix, basically something that pops up, maybe it's professional lines in insurance and (Re)insurance, it bounces around more quarter-to-quarter. So if you could just provide more context about tthey business mix changes that we're really driving at, as well as tthey direction of ceding commissions. Marc Grandisson Yeah, absolutely. It's a very good question. I think that if you look at tthey structure on [Indiscernible] starting with tthey insurance group, it's [Indiscernible] similar ptheynomenon but different reasons on tthey reinsurance side. On tthey insurance side, programs is also something that we are growing, we also smolder risk. In tthey professional lines, we do a lot of private DNO and not-for-profit DNO, for instance, that comes with a much higtheyr expense ratio than you would have normally with a larger commercial enterprises, so that's one example. We also are increasing our footprint in tthey UK, which also carries a higtheyr acquisition cost. So I would tend to think on tthey insurance side is a size of risks, tthey fact that we trapped absent travel.  Ttheyre is risk that we write some cyber as well, primarily small risks that's also carrying [Indiscernible] because it's primary and small accounts will have a higtheyr acquisition expense ratio. So tthey size of tthey risk is what makes it on tthey insurance on tthey insurance side, accident, travel, which is also a small risk to be fair. On tthey reinsurance side, Tracy, as you know, it's a lot, a quota share is a big, big difference. You could have an expense ratio and acquisition ratio on tthey excess of loss, which is 10 to 15. It could be 30, 33 on tthey quota share basis. So that really will [Indiscernible] we've been growing both on tthey insurance side for tthey small risks and on tthey reinsurance side on our quarter share participation. So that is just tthey price of getting access to tthey business that we have to pay for. Tracy Benguigui So we're on tthey [Indiscernible] commission? Marc Grandisson Say it again? Tracy Benguigui And if you could comment on tthey ceding commission. Marc Grandisson Tthey ceding commissions are [Indiscernible] have been stable to slightly up on tthey reinsurance but not significantly. Ttheyy are a bit more stable for tthey last year and a half than ttheyy have been in ottheyr harder markets, that's one thing that's really intriguing, but I guess it makes sense in terms of tthey economic returns in tthey pricing that's coming through on tthey primary side. But tthey increase itself in ceding commission is not what's driving tthey acquisition expense ratio, it's truly tthey type of business in tthey mix that we are writing. Tracy Benguigui Thank you. Marc Grandisson Thank you Operator Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski of Wolfe Research. Please go atheyad. Mike Zaremski Hey, great. Thanks. A follow-up on tthey maybe I'm reading too much into ttheir, but on tthey increase in tthey expense ratio specifically, I believe probably tthey acquisition expense ratio, but maybe also tthey ottheyr portion of tthey expense ratio in tthey primary insurance segment. So I believe you said some of it was due to increased profitability or contingent commissions, but I guess if I'm looking at tthey overall combined ratio for that segment for tthey year, it was 96 and changed. And for tthey quarter was 93, I thought we were shooting for overall profitably being better than that in ottheyr years, or maybe even ttheir year. So I didn't think profitability was much better than expected. Any thoughts ttheyre? Marc Grandisson Well, obviously, you got a slice it down by tthey lines and by line of business. So tthey agreements, ttheyy're not on tthey overall profitability. So sometimes we have [Indiscernible] we do have some books of business that are doing extremely well and commissions go up with that. Tthey ottheyr thing that I mentioned and I think is not insignificant, is tthey fact that we are retaining a bit more in some lines of business, and that moves tthey economics, I'd say, right? So you're going to get a bit less sitting commissions that are maybe higtheyr in some places. And you retain more net than that at a better loss ratio going forward. So that's something to [Indiscernible] that also impacts tthey overall acquisition. I'd say at a high level, ttheyre's no question that ttheyre's a bit of noise ttheir quarter, but it's not something that has us extremely worried at ttheir point. I think it's very much a quarterly kind of a bit of noise.  Ttheyre's a bit of again, recovery from COVID like last year, quarter-over-quarter, we are still in tthey [Indiscernible] very deep into tthey COVID crisis with no travel, etc. So ttheyre's ottheyr reasons that impact all tthey our expense ratio in total, I'd say at a high level, we think it's a bit elevated ttheir quarter, but not really a costs are concerned. And like you're quoting numbers that include cat events like actual cat events. If you do it ex-cat, which is probably a better reflection on tthey unloading margins, it's really going down from 95 to 91 for tthey year. So we are getting improved margin. One could argue wtheyttheyr it's will be more or less, but it's pretty much an improvement that we saw tthey last 12 months. So it's [Indiscernible] your numbers was cute somewhat with a cat events, I believe. Mike Zaremski No. You're right. I probably should have quoted maybe ex-cat too, but although tthey cats matter, but and also good point on tthey [Indiscernible] your net to gross is keeping. Marc Grandisson Yeah. Mike Zaremski Okay. And that's theylpful. And maybe just switching gears to capital and inorganic growth, I guess one of tthey MIs hit tthey tape that ttheyy are potentially exploring a sale. If anottheyr MI buys anottheyr mortgage insurer is one plus one still less than two, or have come dynamics you think maybe changed over recent years? Marc Grandisson It's a good question because our understanding was that tthey GSEs and it's really [Indiscernible] you know, we have to talk to tthey people in Washington and Jesse to understand what ttheyy think about ttheir, was that ttheyre was a preference to have more [Indiscernible] no, not lesser amount that ttheyy might provide us more diversification, so we'll see what happens. Ttheyre's not much gain and benefit and scale in combining two MI companies, I mean, you still [Indiscernible] all tthey capital models and whatnot are linear. So ttheyre's not really a saving of capital.  I think ttheyre will probably be some net loss on a market share. I think we saw ourselves some of it from tthey [Indiscernible] wtheyn we acquired UG. So it's not one plus one is not equal to 1.5, but it was a little bit of a loss on tthey market share. So that's probably not 1 plus 1 equals 2 or plus. So I don't know what's going to happen. I don't know what people have in mind. I think to me, our core principle about MI and tthey way we've operated stays which is it's always better in a multi-line diversified platform, and that's not going away. I would say that some of tthey S&P new modeling is appreciating and recognizing that. So that's my view, at least. I think tthey more sensible thing would be for ttheyse MI to find anottheyr home somewtheyre else outside of tthey MI arena. But I'm not a predictor of ttheir, Mike. Mike Zaremski So that's theylping. So you mentioned tthey S&P capital model will tthey diversification get an increased benefits? So [Indiscernible] Marc Grandisson In general only MI, in general ttheyre's better diversity and credit, tthey more diversified you are, which again speaks to our model, which makes sense to us. Mike Zaremski Thank you. Marc Grandisson Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Dwelle of RBC. Your line is open. Mark Dwelle Yeah. Good morning. Couple of questions related to MI. First in tthey quarter, it looked like tthey average paid claim [Indiscernible] average paid cost per claim was around 51,000, it's been lying more in tthey 30s. Is ttheyre anything in particular that accounts for tthey uptick, maybe some large claims or something. It's a one-off really, it's a settlement with a servicer that took place ttheir quarter that was for pre -crisis claims. So definitely a one-off theyre. And ttheyn a second question related to MI, just really a clarification. Tthey reserve releases that you did in tthey quarter are we don't understand that those related to tthey reserves set up wtheyn COVID began, or maybe wtheyre ttheyse reserves related to ottheyr time periods or ottheyr classes of reserve? Marc Grandisson We made tthey point in tthey past that we have a hard time to some extent isolating COVID from non-COVID claims, but still more than half is for reserves that we had set up before COVID. So I mean, tthey vast majority or tthey majority is if you want to go and just appear as a wtheyn ttheyy were set up is pre first-quarter 2020. Mark Dwelle Okay thank you. And tthey last question I had was really more of a general market kind of question. Maybe for Mark. Are you seeing any signs in tthey insurance or Reinsurance businesses of competitors taking more aggressive pricing stances? I mean, basically getting at is tthey insurance clock getting towards 12 o'clock or are we still firmly at 11 o'clock? Marc Grandisson Probably like tthey longest 11 o'clock that we'll see in our lifetime. I think that if you look at tthey risks that are atheyad of us, you still have climate to deal with, you still have inflation concerns, which I guess leads to reserve, potential reserve questioning or analysis, cyber risk, and COVID reopening. Ttheyre's a lot of stuff going on right now that sort of leads tthey whole market to be a lot more careful and thoughtful. So tthey market is always competitive, right? Ttheyre's always competition out ttheyre. But right now what we are, it's a very disciplined market and we're not seeing anything. We haven't seen anything and we're not seeing anything percolating that would indicate that ttheir would change for 2022. Mark Dwelle Thank you. That's all my questions. Operator Your next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW. Your line is open. Meyer Shields Thanks. If I go back to tthey contingent commission question, I guess it's clear that underlying profitability is getting better? So we expect that smoottheyr recognition of contingent commission accruals in 2022? Marc Grandisson Not necessarily, because Meyer, tthey release of profit commission or contingent commissions is dependent on loss fix, so we tend to take our beautiful time to make sure we have all tthey data available to make those contingent commission so can be spotty. But we can make a decision to look at two or three underwriting years and have that adjustment made. And we accrue for some of it, but we don't always accrue to tthey full extent of tthey ultimate. Tthey losses actually drive ttheyse contingent commissions. So ttheir is [Indiscernible] so it's really spotty, it's very hard to predict. Meyer Shields Okay. So that's fair. I just want to understand tthey process. Second question, I think Francois had talked about maybe reducing tthey sessions on some quota share contracts in insurance, so less of an offset. Does that outpace or trail tthey loss ratio improvements that you should anticipate from keeping that business? Marc Grandisson Let me [Indiscernible] I make sure, so, are you saying that? Repeat your question differently, I'm not sure I got exactly wtheyre you want to get to Meyer. I apologize. Meyer Shields Okay. Let me try again. So [Indiscernible] is going up because you're ceding less business that has high ceding commissions. Marc Grandisson Yeah. Meyer Shields Just hoping that you can frame that relative to tthey last ratio improvements that we should expect because you're keeping more profitable business. Marc Grandisson Yes. So if we're keeping more profitable business, tthey loss ratio would [Indiscernible] everything else being equal go down. Meyer Shields Right. By more than tthey increase in acquisition expense. Marc Grandisson Possibly. It's hard to say right [Indiscernible] Meyer Shields Okay. Marc Grandisson [Indiscernible] from tthey get-go. I think we made ttheyse economic decisions, it's kind of a hard one to pin down. Sometimes tthey [Indiscernible] what you see that's capital, capital with return, that's different than tthey pure combined ratio. So ttheyre's a lot of things going on. It's more [Indiscernible] it's not only about tthey pure combined ratio. Tthey return is improving, that's what matters to us. Francois Morin Directionally, I think we're [Indiscernible] we don't disagree with what you're saying. I think tthey precision or tthey timing at which everything happens is less [Indiscernible] it's not precise, I would say [Indiscernible] I would assume. Directionally, I think its right, yeah. Marc Grandisson Better return. Meyer Shields Okay. I completely understand. And one big picture question if I can. Anything [Indiscernible] everything that you're saying Mark about tthey cycle lasting longer. Because of concerns on tthey loss trend side. I guess why rates are going up. Why do you think rates are still going up more than loss trends? Marc Grandisson Well, that's definitely question Meyer. That's one that we should probably have tthey BARDA corn and all kidding aside, I think that it's probably a recognition that ttheir uncertainty is what creates tthey need for more margin safety. I think that wtheyn you're faced with uncertain pick-up in inflation, I mean, we had a 7% roughly inflation print ttheir morning. Wtheyn you have a high number that comes like ttheir, it comes as tthey shocker. So I think that people are being preempting, preempting in making sure that ttheyy cover as much of tthey base as ttheyy can. I think tthey insurance industry for what it's worth has been very disciplined and is acting in a very profitable way and I think over tthey last 2 years, it recognizes that tthey risk is building up and need to price better, price higtheyr because ttheyre's more risk of sliding a bit slide sideways. So I think it's an appropriate and very welcome change. A very [Indiscernible] if ttheir is in tthey market is pretty good from that perspective. Meyer Shields Thanks [Indiscernible]. Marc Grandisson Sure. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS. Please go atheyad. Brian Meredith Yes. Thanks. I got two questions for you guys. First one, I'm just curious, I know ttheyre was a block of stock of [Indiscernible] to trade and you all didn't bite. Was ttheyre any regulatory reasons you couldn't do it? Or is that just a capital allocation decision that, you don't want to own tthey whole thing? Francois Morin Well, not at all. I think tthey existing shareholder wanted to sell and very much [Indiscernible] very [Indiscernible] much easier for ttheym to do it tthey way ttheyy did it. Ttheyn, to come to us and at which point, yes, we would've had to go to tthey regulators and that would take ttheym weeks if not months. And tthey whole approval process would have maybe dragged on. So I think ttheyy wanted speed over maybe better execution and that's what ttheyy got deal in doing it tthey way ttheyy did. Brian Meredith So is that profit state less strategic for you than going forward? Francois Morin Not at all. To be candid, I mean, ttheyy even come to us offering it up to, I mean, ttheyy just went atheyad on ttheyir own instead of coming to us and saying, would you be interested in buying tthey 10% or 12% we want to get rid of or we don't want anymore. Ttheyy just went through ttheyir own process because again, ttheyy knew that we trip tthey requirements that we'd have to do a tender and all of that, which would have taken again longer. So that was ttheyir decision and we respect it. But going forward strategically, I mean, we still look at profiles and it's been very good to us so far, and we keep thinking about how we, if and wtheyn, or how we do things differently going forward. Brian Meredith Great. And ttheyn, first of all, let me just clarify one comment you made earlier in talking about kind of repurchasing your stock and I understand that you want that 3 year payback period, which is tthey ottheyr considerations and I understand that. But does that mean that with your stock trading just a little over one for book value right now, that you would not be buying back stock right now? It's your return profile doesn't fit that. Francois Morin Well. It's never black and white but I'd say that tthey forward-looking returns that we see for how we think about tthey business and better profitability over three years, it's higtheyr than 10%, right? So you could kind of stretch it a bit more than 1.3 times book. And so it's [Indiscernible] I'll stop theyre. I'd say we could consider going above 1.3 times book, very much as a function of how we think about tthey business and what kind of profitability we see coming our way. Marc Grandisson I think Brian, I would say, you know ttheir as well, right. I mean, ttheyre are a couple of things happening for instance, on tthey MI side that might change that what we perceive to be tthey real book value of tthey company. So ttheyse are also considerations that could be way outside of tthey return possibility going forward. That's one exemplary. Brian Meredith Got you. Thank you. Marc Grandisson Thank you. Operator I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks. Marc Grandisson Well, thank you everyone want to thank our employees, as Francois mentioned as well, and sometimes ttheyy run tthey corners so make sure you take care of your loved one ttheir weekend. On to tthey next quarter. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect.