Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call August 1, 2018 11:00 AM ET Executives Marc Grandisson - President and CEO François Morin - CFO Analysts Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Michael Phillips - Morgan Stanley Josh Shanker - Deutscthey Bank Geoffrey Dunn - Dowling & Partners Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott Meyer Shields - KBW Brian Meredith - UBS Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q2 2018 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey Federal Securities Laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessment and assumption and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey Company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey Company's earnings press release and is available on tthey Company's Web site. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. François Morin. Sirs, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Crystal, and good morning, to you all. We were pleased with tthey results across our platform ttheir quarter as our MI segment continued to produce outstanding results while slightly improving conditions in our P&C operations and higtheyr investment yield theylped to produce an annualized operating ROE of 11.6% and an increase in book value per share to $20.68. As you may know we believe that an opportunistic approach to underwriting and active capital and risk management will produce higtheyr risk adjusted returns over time. As a result of ttheir dynamic allocation of capital, we may be underweight or overweight in certain segments or areas of tthey markets at any point in time. Our MI focus right now is exhibit A of tthey strategy and we believe that tthey current level of returns available in tthey MI space justifies tthey deployment of additional capital ttheyre. In our P&C businesses, market conditions seem to be improving modestly. In most of our insurance lines, rate increases appear to be outpacing claim trends. However, in assessing how ttheir will ultimately impact margins, ttheyre are several issues with estimating insurance margins that temper our current market view. First, tthey calculation of trend is based on past experience while actual trend is dependant on future circumstances, which in many lines means looking several years out. Second, at tthey center of rate adequacy projections is an implied perfect knowledge of tthey current loss estimates. As we all know, loss reserving in our industry is a cumulative result of self-graded exams and it can take several years for tthey truth to emerge. Third, rate changes as reported do not capture new business return or tthey effects of most changes in terms and conditions. Due to ttheyse uncertainties and factoring in tthey record level of capacity currently in tthey business, we remain cautious in our underlying posture. With that said, let me provide some color on our P&C premium volume for tthey second quarter. First, bear in mind that tthey increase in P&C net premium written was magnified by FX movements, which represent about 30% of tthey increase in net written premium. In our insurance segment, more than 60% of tthey growth in net written premium was due to rate increases and tthey balance was from exposure growth. On tthey line of business basis, tthey increase was tthey result of our ongoing efforts in travel, programs, as well as from recent market opportunities in property. We decreased premium again ttheir quarter in tthey more commoditized lines such as general liability and D&O due to tthey highly competitive environment. In our reinsurance segment, net premium growth was generated primarily from property ottheyr than property cap growing slightly consistent with our view of conditions in our primary insurance. Of note, net property cap writings were down as most rate levels were below our risk adjusted return requirements. With respect to our P&C underwriting results on which Francois will provide additional details in a moment, ttheyre is one topic, which I think is particularly noteworthy. Large attritional losses affected tthey results of both insurance and reinsurance, but in tthey opposite directions. Tthey insurance group benefited from a below average level of such losses while our reinsurance operations were impacted by a higtheyr than normal level, mainly in a facultative area. Ttheir demonstrates that tthey randomness - that ttheyre is randomness and lumpiness of wtheyn ttheyse type of losses occur. You rarely, if ever, get an even distribution of expected losses in a given quarter or year. But over time, specialty businesses such as ourselves can generate good risk adjusted returns if managed properly. Turning now to MI, I'm going to focus on our U.S. primary business, which represents over 80% of that segment. Our U.S. MI production for tthey second quarter was strong at $19.9 billion a 15% increase over tthey same quarter last year. About 80% of our primary MI was still written through our RateStar platform. As respects growth from a sequential basis, keep in mind that ttheyre are substantial seasonal effects between Q1 and Q2 wtheyn home purchases typically peak. Our U.S. New Insurance Written or NIW increase was due to a few additional key factors. First, it's clear to us that MI returns fundamentals are excellent. House price appreciation has been broad and stronger than expected, tthey quality of credit remains high and our ability to price more finely for many parameters is truly an advantage. Given tthey strong market conditions, we turn to have been better than anticipated and remain very attractive. Second, we have been successful in our efforts to expand our distribution and producer relationships with both existing and new customers and in a few cases; we were able to close some large transactions that was attractive from a return standpoint to bring some lumpiness to our NIW in tthey quarter. Third, tthey capital and risk management tools that we have put in place namely tthey Bellemeade transactions provide additional downside protection and reduce tthey volatility of our expected returns in MI. For tthey second quarter, RateStar again directed our production away from lower return products such as singles to borrow monthly's as singles production declined from to 6% from 9% in tthey first quarter. Higtheyr loan to value and debt to income products represented a slightly larger share of our NIW in Q2 but we remain underweight in those areas relative to tthey market. Ttheir growth was opportunistic and occurred partly due to tthey response by our competition to tthey rapid shift in mix that occurred in tthey first quarter. Market pricing at ttheir point appears to have stabilized after tthey activity of tthey last few months. Before I move on from MI, I want to update you on recent developments regarding tthey pilot programs with tthey GSEs imagine an EPMI, ttheyy are still in ttheyir infancy and ttheyre was no significant NIW in tthey second quarter. We will keep you posted as to ttheyir progress on future calls. Briefly with respect to our investment operations, we increased our duration slightly as we moved money out of cash equivalents to predominantly two to five year treasury instruments. In addition tthey current interest rate environment has and will improve net investment income for tthey next several quarters. Finally, a few words on capital and risk management, we repurchased a significant number of shares in tthey second quarter, Francois will give you tthey details but it is worth repeating that share repurchase is yet anottheyr way for us to manage and allocate capital. Now to risk management, our property cat exposures remain at theirtorically low levels with our one and 250 year peak zone at only 5% of tangible common equity at tthey end of second quarter. For our mortgage segment as of June 30, 2018 exposures under our realistic disaster scenario declined last quarter as growth in insurance in force was more than offset primarily by tthey capital relief from tthey Bellemeade transaction and a run up of tthey pre-2009 business. Perspectively, we believe that regulatory capital as defined by tthey PMIERs represent a more conservative capital requirement as of June 30, 2018 Arch MI was up 134% of tthey current PMIERs and although we are unable to discuss tthey proposed changes to PMIER 1 that will create PMIERs 2.0, we do not believe that tthey proposed changes will have a material impact on our capital position and that our estimated available assets will continue to exceed tthey required assets as proposed on tthey PMIERs 2.0. With that, I will turn it over to Francois. François Morin Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. I'm pleased to join tthey earnings call ttheir morning and to provide more color on our second quarter earnings. As I stated during our recent Investor Day, one of my objectives in ttheir new role will be to keep providing tthey same level of clarity and visibility, tthey investment community has come to expect from us wtheyn analyzing our financials and public disclosures. Ttheir practice will remain a key principle of ours. On that note, I will make some summary comments for tthey second quarter "core basis" which corresponds to Arch's financial results excluding tthey ottheyr segment i.e. tthey operations of Watford Re wtheyreas tthey term consolidated includes Watford Re. As you know we affected a three for one stock split on June 20 which impacts per share metrics and comparisons to prior periods. My comments will reflect tthey latest number of shares after tthey split which currently stands at approximately 405 million outstanding shares. After tax, operating earnings for tthey quarter were $242.6 million which translates to an annualized 11.6% operating return on average common equity and $0.59 per share. On a year-to-date basis, our annualized operating ROE increased by 200 basis points since last year that highlighting tthey improved performance of our operations. Book value per share was $20.68 at June 30 a 1.3% increase from last quarter and a 4.1% increase from one year ago despite tthey impact of higtheyr interest rates on total returns for tthey quarter and on a year-to-date basis. Moving on to operations, losses from 2018 catastrophic events, net of reinsurance recoverables and tthey reinstatement premiums were $14.9 million or 1.3 combined ratio points evenly split between our insurance and tthey reinsurance segments from a few small events across tthey globe. As tthey prior period net losses or development we recognized approximately $60 million of favorable development in tthey second quarter or 5.1 combined ratio points compared to 6.4 combined ratio points in tthey second quarter of 2017. Ttheir was led by tthey reinsurance segment with approximately $32 million favorable. Tthey mortgage segment had about $23 million also favorable and tthey insurance segment contributing $5 million. Ttheir level is generally consistent with tthey recent periods on an aggregate basis and across segments. Tthey calendar quarter combined ratio on a core basis was down 200 basis points from tthey second quarter of 2017. While tthey core acts in that quarter combined ratio executing caps improved 84% down 230 basis points from last year second quarter. Tthey insurance segment excellent quarter combined ratio excluding caps was 98.5% down slightly from tthey comparable 2017 level mostly due to an improvement in tthey current year loss ratio of 150 basis points slightly offset by higtheyr acquisition expenses resulting primarily from a mix of business changes. We are pleased with ttheyse results but note that a significant portion of tthey improvement approximately 90 basis points is due to a lower frequency of large non-cat claims which as Marc indicated are by nature are subject to variability from one quarter to tthey ottheyr. Tthey reinsurance segment excellent quarter combined ratio excluding GAAPs stood at 100% even slightly better than tthey 101.1% on a comparable basis one year ago. In a similar vein to tthey corresponding period last year our results were impacted by non-cat large property claims. Ttheir result serves as a reminder of tthey volatility some of our businesses can experience from time-to-time. Tthey expense ratio benefited from reductions of operating expenses combined with a larger net on premium base. In addition a reduction in federal excise taxes of $2.6 million or 0.8 points resulted from tthey cancellation of certain intercompany property casualty quarter share agreements effective January 1 as discussed last quarter. Ttheir item will continue to recur for comparisons of 2018 to 2017 results. Tthey mortgage segments excellent quarter combined ratio improved by 380 basis points from tthey second quarter of last year, mostly as a result of improving trends in tthey underlying performance of tthey book particularly within our U.S. primary and my operations. Tthey excellent quarter loss ratio of 15.4% in tthey second quarter of 2018 compares favorably against tthey 19.5% in tthey same order of 2017 due to lower delinquency rates. 3.1 basis points of tthey difference or $9 million is attributable to favorable development on first quarter of 2018 delinquencies due to very strong cure activity in 2018. Tthey expense ratio was at 22.8% slightly higtheyr than prior period as a result of higtheyr incentive compensation costs. Ttheyse figures highlight tthey contribution to our pretax underwriting income from tthey mortgage segment which remains strong ttheir quarter, however, after allocating corporate items such as investment income, interest expense and income taxes to each segment. Tthey mortgage segments contribution to were 2018 year-to-date net income decreases to approximately 65% of tthey total. Total investment return for tthey quarter was a negative 19 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis but was a positive 33 basis points on a local currency basis. Ttheyse returns were impacted by tthey effects of higtheyr interest rates on investment grade fixed income securities, partially offset by positive returns on alternative investments and non-investment grade fixed income. Tthey investment duration was 2.89 years as at June 30, up sequentially from 2.6 years at March 31, as a result of tthey shift in our portfolio from short-term commercial paper primarily into treasury wtheyre we saw more attractive investment opportunities. Also, during tthey quarter we continue to shift our position from municipal bonds into corporate due to improved relative evaluations. Corporate expenses $6.6 million lower than in tthey prior year as a result of retirements and departures of senior executives. Tthey corporate effective tax rate in tthey quarter on pre-tax operating income was 9.8% and reflects tthey benefit of tthey lower U.S. tax rate, tthey geographic mix of our pre-tax income and a 60 basis point benefit from discrete items in tthey quarter. As a result, tthey pure effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income excluding discrete items was 10.4% ttheir quarter, identical to last quarter's rate. As we look atheyad to year-end 2018, we currently believe it's reasonable to expect that tthey effective tax rate on operating income will be in tthey range of 9% to 12%. As always, tthey actual full-year effective tax rate could vary depending on tthey level and location of income or loss, and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. With respect to capital management, our debt to total capital ratio was 16.9% at June 30, and debt plus preferred to total capital ratio was 23.0%, down 250 basis points from year-end 2017 and tthey 480 basis points from year-end 2016 wtheyn we closed tthey UGC acquisition. Ttheir leverage reduction is driven mostly by tthey redemption of $250 million from our revolving credit facility in tthey quarter. As for share repurchases, we repurchased 6.4 million shares during tthey second quarter at an average price of $26.59 per share and an aggregate cost of 170.2 million under both open market purchases and a Rule 10B5 plan we implemented during our window period. Since tthey start of tthey third quarter, we have purchased an incremental 414,000 shares at a cost of $10.9 million. Tthey remaining authorization which expires in December 2019 now stands at 262 million after consideration of ttheyir share repurchases through July 30. Operating cash flow on a core basis was 34 million in tthey second quarter of 2018 down on a sequential basis primarily reflecting tthey premiums seated for tthey reinsurance transaction with Catalina General Insurance Limited which we discussed during tthey last quarter's call. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please ctheyck that your line is not on mute. Mike Zaremski Hi. Thanks. Marc Grandisson Hi, Mike. François Morin Hi, Mike. Mike Zaremski My first question is regarding tthey mortgage insurance volumes. It looks like you guys took market share. And you mentioned some lumpiness in tthey prepared remarks. So I'm just kind of hoping to maybe understand you feel that tthey market share will be sustained or we should assume a material amount of lumpiness as you said in tthey comments? Marc Grandisson Thank you for tthey question, Mike. I think first and foremost we do not look at market share as an operating principle. We are just looking at tthey opportunities as we see ttheym in tthey marketplace. So what I can tell you is what we saw in tthey second quarter, which generated those - that production. But I think that tthey pricing situation in tthey industry was different as we have gone to tthey second quarter, and it's changed since ttheyn, and it's a lot more stable. So whatever opportunities we have to do what we did in tthey second quarter may not - keeping being ttheyre for tthey remainder for tthey year. So it's a really hard question to answer, because I don't know tthey answer to that. Mike Zaremski Does it imply that risk-based pricing is causing more - is part of tthey reason you are winning some of ttheyse deals, or it's separate? Marc Grandisson Yes. A large part of our wins was through tthey RateStar, its ability to more finally price for tthey risk, and tthey ability we have to shape tthey portfolio tthey way we would want. As I mentioned, we did that more monthly. So it's clearly an advantage, and we think tthey advantage could probably sustain itself going forward, specifically in light of tthey loan originators, margin being squeezed. So it represents most likely an ongoing advantage. But ttheyir advantage is that we - RateStar has been ttheyre for a long time. So yes, we do believe it provides us some advantage. Mike Zaremski Okay. And lastly, sticking with mortgage insurance; thanks for tthey comments about PMIERs 2.0 not having that material of an impact. I'm curious, is that because you will get a number of quarters to let tthey impact, you know - sorry; it's a few quarters before tthey impact takes place or if it happens today, it wouldn't have a material impact? Marc Grandisson Okay. So we are under an NDA, we cannot really talk about tthey various parameters, but being at 134% and if we tell you that we think we are comfortable, that sort of gives us a rough idea to wtheyre we think it's going to land. That's a good change. Ttheyy will lay ttheyir final determination between now and I believe tthey end of tthey third quarter, which will be implemented in 2019. And those comments, Mike, I would tell you have been echoed by our competitors as well. And I think it speaks to tthey theyalth of tthey results and tthey returns, and tthey profit that have been generated by tthey platforms in tthey MI industry. Mike Zaremski Thank you. Marc Grandisson Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Elyse Greenspan Hi, good morning. Marc Grandisson Hi, Elyse. Elyse Greenspan My first question, François, you said tthey tax rate was going to be 9% to 12% ttheir year. Is that tthey right level that we should use in 2019 and onward as well? François Morin It's a good question. Thank you for that. I would say we don't have tthey answer right now. Certainly as you know, we can't sell some intercompany quota share agreements at tthey start of 2018. We are re-evaluating those on an ongoing basis. Certainly as we get into a 2019 planning exercise, which is underway now, we will have more clarity on that throughout - internally in tthey third and fourth quarter. So at ttheir point, it's a bit - and we don't know certainly tthey B tax as you know, goes up from 5% to 10% next year, so that will have potentially some impact, but we have certainly a couple of things we can look at that we will look at a couple of tools in our toolbox that hopefully will, you know, we will try to obviously minimize our tax liability, but we really don't really have a view at ttheir point of what 2019 is going to look like. Elyse Greenspan Okay, thank you. And ttheyn, on capital return, you guys - tthey share repurchase picked up in tthey quarter, obviously at tthey start of tthey quarter your stock was trading at a ctheyaper evaluation and wtheyre it sits today, I know you guys have your metric and you look at tthey payback period as you think about share repurchase. So how does tthey higtheyr evaluation today change your philosophy around share repurchase in conjunction with tthey fact that we are now also approaching Peak 1 season? François Morin Yes. Couple of points on that, I don't think it really changes how we think about things. Historically, as we said - we said in tthey past week, we typically don't buy back stock in tthey third quarter, although we are not really a big cap player anymore. So that's really not something that worries us as much as it might have as a percent of equity going years back. And we have said it many times, we are always looking at opportunities that comes to us in terms of potential small transactions and that's a factor in how we look at share repurchases and buybacks. And ttheyre is couple of things we are working on right now. So we don't really have a definitive view on how tthey rest of tthey year is going to look for share repurchases, but to answer your main question, I think is that I don't think it really changes our view even in light of tthey slightly higtheyr share price that we are currently experiencing. Elyse Greenspan Okay, thank you. And ttheyn my last question, going back to mortgage, and maybe ttheir ties some of tthey questions that Mike was asking as well, but do you think part of tthey reason that maybe tthey NIW did grow so much sequentially, were you guys able to lower tthey pricing variables in your RateStar engine atheyad of some of tthey ottheyr changes made by tthey ottheyr primary MIs and ttheyir pricing grids and you think maybe that led to higtheyr NIW that might not be sustained, are you able to kind of pinpoint any kind of impact on specifically to your RateStar engine that might have had on tthey NIW? Marc Grandisson I think your assessment is a very fair assessment. Elyse Greenspan Okay, thank you very much. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Michael Phillips Thanks, good morning everybody. I want to drill little bit more down on tthey expense ratio for tthey two segments insurance and reinsurance, kind of going in different directions, higtheyr acquisition expenses in insurance from exchanges and ttheyn if you back out tthey excise taxing and reinsurance, it's still pretty good improvement in reinsurance, so kind of if you take those two separately kind of just what do you see leveling off continued improvements in reinsurance theyre 25, 26 low, I don't know if that's going to continue and ttheyn insurance kind of what is that peak? François Morin Yes, thanks for tthey question. Let me start and sort of Marc will ctheme in. Tthey way we certainly look at in totality, so tthey geography of loss ratio versus expense ratio, we look at it but it's not tthey primary factor we look at, we look at tthey totality of tthey combined ratio, if we focus on tthey Insurance segment certainly in tthey quarter, we grew into some areas that have are expected while we will have little loss ratios at tthey expense of a higtheyr acquisition expense ratio. So ttheyre's a bit of a trade-off theyre we're seeing a lower loss ratio against and counted it out as higtheyr expense ratio and it's a similar story in tthey reinsurance although re-insureds is a bit more opportunistic, we have fluctuation from one quarter to tthey next on what kind of deals we write, what actually ends up coming to financials but certainly in tthey few instances, we have some agreements and share agreements wtheyre ttheyre's a sliding scale commission wtheyre you wills see that tthey loss ratio is a bit lower or if it's high mean vice versa but it's lower we will have tthey higtheyr slightly higtheyr expense ratio. So it's a similar story that we look at it in totality and ttheyre is going to be movement between tthey components, correct. Michael Phillips Okay, great, thank you. That's good, I guess if I could drill a little bit furttheyr down from your commentary in tthey press release on tthey reinsurance development, you talk about short term business and tthey recent accident years or recent underwriting years and ttheyn tthey longer term, tthey longer term piece of that, longer term business from earlier years, can you talk about kind of wtheyre that is not just in years but I mean tthey sub-segments, tthey lines of business that we're driving that longer tail business favorable development? François Morin It's mostly all on tthey casualty sub segment of tthey reinsurance certain lines of business in tthey reinsurance segment, as you know we had a fairly sizable part of our business or market proportion of our production was in casualty businesses, casualty business and tthey early years of ours going back from 2002 all tthey way to 2008 and 2009 let's say wtheyre we reduced our writings on that particular line, so you're still seeing some favorable development coming through from those years and casualty in particular? Marc Grandisson I would add to what Francois just said is in tthey earlier years, it was more we included in tthey casualty segment, general liability and professional lines. In tthey early years, we wrote a lot more GL in proportion than we've written recently, so I would think that tthey more recent releases would come from professional lines in all treaties that we've done and early years still giving us some release from tthey casualty, tthey traditional GL portfolio that we wrote as far back as 12 to 15 years from now. We are, obviously we have deemphasized that line of business very theyavily over tthey last 10 years. Michael Phillips Great, okay, good. Thank you very much for tthey comments. Marc Grandisson Sure. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Josh Shanker Hey, good morning, everybody. Marc Grandisson Hi Josh. Josh Shanker Can we talk about production in MI and how much capital that required on tthey margin from wtheyre you were year ago and so wtheyn we consider tthey share repurchase and everything and may be a little bit stagnancy in P&C, how much excess capital are you guys generating per quarter given tthey consumption elsewtheyre? Marc Grandisson I think that, we see our earnings coming through right and tthey one thing I will tell you, I don't want to tell so much because of couple of things moving in production tthey way flow through tthey portfolio, tthey Bellemeade transaction that we've put togettheyr and we're putting togettheyr in program average basis. Tthey roll off of tthey capital from that we are experiencing and benefiting from predevelopment, tthey claims that are actually rolling off even in Francois mentioned in tthey curing and delinquency and frankly Josh ttheyy all pointing in tthey right direction which is we are and that party theylp to inform, it will theylp us inform our view about how good and how much of fundamentals, how good tthey fundamentals are in tthey business. And I think that we have, we made decision in tthey past we certainly have committed to embark on that Bellemeade transaction, ttheyy're very, very good for us in protecting tthey downside, ttheyy're allowing us to deploy capital in future periods and hopefully we get more excess capital as a result. But we are not running out of ideas in tthey MI segment, so if anything we're very happy with our production and happy wtheyre we are and tthey effort is to keep on being tthey same as we see now, we're going to keep on deploying capital ttheyre. François Morin Tthey one thing I will add to that just as a counter to excess capital is actually persistency is actually trending up and with higtheyr interest rates as you know, we would expect it would have a bigger book, tthey book sticking longer on tthey balance ttheyyet which doesn't require tthey capital. So it's hard for us to know wtheyn to say exactly how much excess capital we're producing on a quarterly basis certainly something we look at, I want to say after tthey fact not before tthey quarter starts but that's certainly an important part that we have to be aware of as it is we think tthey book will stick around for a bit longer and that that just triggers capital requirements that we need to be aware of. Josh Shanker Well let me ask tthey question anottheyr way ttheyn and I'm not complaining about $170 million share repurchase but what tells you okay let's stop but how do you know that, how did you are filling tthey side that you've done enough or I mean was just like you closed out, what was tthey trigger that you knew how much you want to purchase at what time, I guess is what I'm asking. François Morin Well some of it's tthey price, I mean some of it is tthey closed window, so certainly bought back some stock in tthey quarter. From June 15, we have to implement 10-b5 plan, we set some guidelines in place, we passed ttheym on to tthey broker and we have to just watch on tthey sidelines and see what ttheyy were going to execute on that, so we gave ttheym tthey authorization, ttheyy filled that, ttheyy worked with tthey parameters of tthey 10b-5 plan but I don't think, I know it's black and white line on wtheyn we stop and wtheyn we keep going and tthey ottheyr thing you got to remember is we also wanted to reduce our leverage. So we paid down $250 million of tthey revolving credit facility which is one of our objectives as well, we want to bring down tthey leverage, we want to regain tthey flexibility we had before tthey UGC acquisition and so those are really two things that go hand in hand that we want to manage through and we think we're on tthey right path. Josh Shanker Okay. Well, thanks for tthey answers, and I look forward to tthey remainder of tthey year. François Morin Thanks Josh. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Nick [indiscernible] from Dowling & Partners. Your line is open. Geoffrey Dunn Hi, it's actually Geoff Dunn. François Morin Hi, Geoff. Geoffrey Dunn I want to revisit tthey MI capital question, your position is by far tthey biggest in tthey industry right now and given your comfort with 2.0, what is tthey prospect for a dividend out of that platform in tthey back half of tthey year? François Morin It's something we look at, no question that we did declare ordinary dividends in tthey first half of tthey year which theylped us again to reduce tthey leverage, pay down tthey revolving credit facility. We are also, ttheyre is restrictions as you know with tthey state regulators that ttheyre's only so much we can dividend out, so if and wtheyn we get to a place wtheyre we have to, we want to extract more capital, we may have to go down tthey route of extraordinary dividends and or return of capital which as you know will require regulatory approval. So it's certainly part of tthey equation but and tthey ottheyr thing I'll add to that which is a bit of influx is we're still realigning our legal entities with tthey merger of UGC and Arch MI, ttheyre is a bit of more actions we need to take plate, we need to put through ttheyre just to have a bit more optimal capital structure within our U.S. regulated entities in tthey mortgage space. So it's all being considered, we don't have a hard number at ttheir point but we're actually something we look at quarterly with tthey local board, tthey local management team and it's part of tthey overall capital plan at ACGL. Geoffrey Dunn Have you submitted a special dividend request to your state regulator? François Morin Earlier ttheir year we did and it was approved and something again ttheyre's a frequency of interactions you want to have with tthey regulator, we can't go to ttheym, we got to manage through that but it's certainly something we want to have a fairly systematic way of going in reaching out to ttheym with definitive I want to say views on how tthey capital requirements what ttheyy see as capital requirements. From ttheyir own tthey state regulators versus PMI, ttheyre's also differences in how much credit we get for tthey Bellamy transactions that come into play so ttheyre's a lot of factors that, we're working through but you know we don't have a definitive plan of action. I'd say for tthey remainder of 2018 to go to ttheym at ttheir point. Geoffrey Dunn Okay. And ttheyn two questions on production first your 97 mix has been coming up a little bit fourth quarter first quarter and ttheyn more materially ttheir quarter is ttheyre anything that's changing on tthey underwriting basis in that segment that's making you more comfortable or was that you particularly ttheir quarter's gain more due to tthey unusual pricing that you highlighted before? Marc Grandisson So from our perspective, our belief is that we didn't change right if tthey our view of pricing and risk, appreciation of those risk is probably because tthey rest of it competition probably put some more extra layers on ttheir enough probably mean that we won a little bit more in that segment, so we increased our share but Jeff as we are still on tthey way versus tthey rest of tthey marketplace and as well I mean to tell you that tthey production of LTV above 95 grown in tthey industry, so we're also are on tthey receiving of ttheir and it's hitting one as a production increase and that segment is probably more and more ability to charge a price to take on tthey risk. Geoffrey Dunn Okay and ttheyn lastly you mentioned a couple large deals in tthey quarter are you referring to kind of ttheyse pull deals wtheyre you're quoting on a pool of whole loans in tthey aggregate? Marc Grandisson Yes, I'm pre-agreeing as tthey forward commitment. Yes. Geoffrey Dunn Okay, thanks. Marc Grandisson Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel from Janney Montgomery Scott. Your line is open. Bob Glasspiegel Hello, I just want to do dig into tthey insurance segment you've now had three quarters wtheyre you, a small underwriting profit in if you just even if you just for tthey look, you are hitting tthey tougtheyr Cat tthey third quarter but you talk pretty optimistically both sort of tthey environmental changes, do you think tthey work you've done in tthey environment are sufficient to that you can actually get to an underwriting profit look out forward in and start to approach your targeted returns in that segment? Marc Grandisson We're certainly working theyavily towards that Bob I mean I think you know us we're trying to work towards that, I think we've always worked towards that level. I think that we're probably not I just want to put a little caveat what you said and I think we're cautiously optimistic as to what we've seen terms of margins improving and I think that it will take us some time, we have some improvement I think some of it in ttheyir loss ratio but that's from some mention some of it due to mix. In terms of return receipt from improving our returns but we're not declaring for victory yet with global take as a while to really see tthey results coming through but suffice it to say that ttheyre's been an active shift between tthey businesses that have been going on and it's not of late, so what you see right now on insurance as Bob it is really tthey sum total of things you've done over tthey last year and half to two years not up with being right now in allocation to higtheyr return lines of business and we're hopeful that ttheir is tthey level that will continue and even improve in tthey future but tthey future only tthey future will theylp us, what happens. Bob Glasspiegel Thank you. For it, what you have a handy ttheyre in new money rate for tthey quarter or current new money rate that you're investing it? Marc Grandisson Well, we actually new money rates on tthey corporate actually exceeded 3% in tthey last few weeks, so that's good news that's that will theylp investment income going forward but we're right about like 3.1% in tthey last 20 days or so. Bob Glasspiegel That's well above your embedded yield to investment income as you should continue to accelerate? Marc Grandisson Yep. Bob Glasspiegel And last question it was tthey tax rate guidance full-year or second? Marc Grandisson Full-year. Bob Glasspiegel Thank you. Marc Grandisson You're welcome. Operator Thank You. And our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open. Meyer Shields Great, thank you. Marc, wtheyn you started your comments you mentioned that rates are little bit above loss trends I was hoping to see wtheyttheyr that's tthey loss trends that you're currently observing or tthey longer term loss trends that you have been making enterprising and reserving? Marc Grandisson Yes, okay so it's a bit of both. That whatever we use in our last run is informed by tthey data obviously in our future expectations. Tthey Delta I think significant is a 150 or 125 but Meyer it's been only that margin has only been is a quarter or two with fact hasn't been a consistent no pickup in trend or in rate over tthey last trend, that we would expect to really start growing book of business. And so it's a very it's an art more than science at ttheir point I'm specifically for tthey more recent accent year, takes a really long time to have a clear view of what's happening and frankly we will know until five or 10 years from now and what we're looking for more is margin of safety between tthey last trend and tthey rate change. And ttheir clearly is not we don't believe it's deficient enough at ttheir point in time in most lines of business in someone like property were really getting way about trend and that theylps inform our position in allocating capital and getting a more known better assurance that ROE expectations is going to be ttheyre and we're able to meet it. Meyer Shields Okay, thanks. Related question on tthey casualty lines are ttheir I guess different views from different executives right now but wtheyttheyr ttheyre is an uptick in claim frequency in lot of casualty lines I was hoping you tell us what you're saying? Marc Grandisson But we're seeing frequency not increasing dramatically but we're not seeing decreasingly and tthey problem with frequency Meyer that you're an, that as well as I do is that tthey frequency to look back estimate takes a long time for tthey true losses to emerge, so we have seen some rate frequency decreases. I would be of tthey mind and most of us are to be of tthey mind that some of it is due to looking back at to a lower economic environment, lower activity over tthey last 10 years and carrying on doing a projection in tthey future. I'm reminded that tthey workers' comp years in 93, 94, 95 wtheyn things were being extracted frequency going down very theyavily and ttheyre was just a matter of time before top picking up again and anottheyr line of business of more recent experiences is auto liability, it was looking pretty good in frequency and a frequency shut up over an 18 months to 24 month period, so I'm worried about tthey small sense of security of ongoing frequency be decreased especially in light of an economy that has a lot of friction, a lot of pickup in it and lot of steam in it. Meyer Shields Okay, that's very theylpful. Thank you. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Meyer. Operator Thank you and our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open. Brian Meredith Yes, Thanks a couple questions. First one just curious pickup in property business you're seeing on your insurance side. I know you talk about some of that's rate but ttheyn also adding some new business ttheyre, what do you see as tthey attraction right now on tthey property business that is that area you think that it rates well in excess of trend, What's going on ttheyre? Marc Grandisson So rate, yes, we believe rate is an excess of trend. Ttheyre's also tthey rate on our ENS portfolio which is more to ENS portfolio player it's not tthey global property side over tthey small commercial that we see some of that in certain areas but buying large tthey ones that have ENS in nature including tthey London business. We're seeing rate increases because of dislocation in tthey marketplace, some players have been to hurdle that been some question as to wtheyre tthey viable book of business, so tthey opportunities to slide in and able to seek opportunity. On tthey reasons because I want to mention on ttheir world-wide it doesn't matter ttheyre are also opportunities that arise because of some placements not being finalized and we're able to pick and choose some faculty replacement that are to just complete tthey quilt of coverage that no larger risk would have to do to play, so ttheyre's a little bit of a shrinking of capacity in tthey space specifically on tthey ENS have property it's an 8% trend, 8% to 9% rate increase but it is one long area wtheyre we have, we think some terms and conditions getting better, actually working towards as tthey nation's carriers and as I say in my notes. We like to see rate increases going up one way in terms of conditions following soon meaning giving us an extra kick up and we believe ttheir is what's going on in tthey property although it's not widespread, we have to pick and bought but it's certainly what we've seen in tthey business that we write. Brian Meredith Right. And ttheyn next question, Marc, at Investor Day it was talk a little bit about maybe some initiatives to try to get tthey combined ratio down that insurance segment be at expenses be at risk selection and stuff, just maybe an elaborate a little bit on what you're doing to try to consistently maybe improved access. I can't think tthey return to business that creates wtheyn you're sitting theyre kind of 100 combined ratios of 99 to 100? Marc Grandisson Correct. So it's we're really identified it as an area of opportunity but I will take years to develop and tthey initial things that we've done and we're doing currently right now is ttheyre's a little more integration going on for some things such as IT for instance that we think we need to do and ttheyn can be done even though we have no multiple platform. So it's a couple of things, integrating services, leveraging some of tthey overseas employees that we have that are in lower cost jurisdiction and ttheyre are some initiatives that we are talking that will be we will be working on going forward to try and decrease it. But I will tell you what happens wtheyn ttheyy happen and we are give it to - give us ourselves some time to get ttheyre. Brian Meredith Okay, great. Thank you. Marc Grandisson Welcome, welcome. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Your line is open. Ian Gutterman Hi, thanks. So we are early, is it? I can't even ask you for lunch is yet. Marc Grandisson Hi, Ian. Ian Gutterman So first, François, thank you for doing tthey script in a slower cadence that we are used to. That was theylpful. So my first question is to follow-up on tthey tax. Can you talk specifically about why it's coming lower than you expected for tthey year? François Morin Well, thinking about tthey gone by. I mean no question that wtheyn we started tthey year, ttheyre was a lot of uncertainty after tthey tax reform, trying to figure out. It was all based on plan. So wtheyn we gave you tthey estimates back in February, it was all related to wtheyre we saw tthey profitability of tthey units and what local jurisdiction ttheyy come from. Six months have gone by and now we have a bit more clarity on tthey actuals and that's what we are just updating. So I can't pinpoint any one particular thing on why it's come down a couple points let's say. It's really more just tthey fact that we replaced forecast to plan with actuals. Ian Gutterman Okay. I guess I would have thought - I guess I can turn to my model. It's not your internal model obviously. But I would have thought that tthey upside in earnings has come more from MI which obviously would be more in tthey U.S. So I would have thought if anything like tthey geographic mix would have advised you higtheyr if anything. So I don't know if ttheyre were ottheyr actions you were taking trying to offset that or… Marc Grandisson I mean it's not a big difference. Tthey 21% tthey tax rate, we get a 50% quarter share on tthey mortgage book so that brings it down to 10.5 right ttheyre. Ttheyre is - we can do it offline. Ttheyre is a couple of ottheyr things that I think one offs that can move it in different directions. So it's really hard to kind of give you a lot more clarity over ttheir range at ttheir point. François Morin And ttheir is tthey primary U.S. business, Ian. Just for your benefit some of it in tthey U.S. segment is also with Bermuda which would have a different tax. Ian Gutterman For sure, for sure. François Morin So, yes. Ian Gutterman Okay. And ttheyn you can give us color on tthey fac [ph] losses? I mean tthey dollar amount was about somewtheyre to last year [indiscernible] is it coming from tthey same parts of tthey book bill or is it different parts of tthey book, or different geographies? Any color you give us on what happened ttheyre? Marc Grandisson It's different. It's one off. It's a one class of business that we unfortunate - well, I mean one major event that came in for tthey quarter. We don't see any trend in it. It's really - I mean yes, it's coincidence that is it's happening in tthey exact same quarter or 12 months later, but ottheyr than that, again that we have been very happy with our performance of that book over tthey years. No question that we are going to look into it some more as we move forward. And does that force us to re-evaluate some underwriting decisions? But at ttheir point, we don't see anything that's really problematic. François Morin No, and that loss versus last year ttheyy are different in nature. I mean… Ian Gutterman Yes. François Morin Exactly. It's very different in nature. I mean it's a fire loss, but it is different types of risk, different types of characteristics, different coverage - like a very - different occupancy. And that - yes, it's a very lumpy book of business. As you Ian, we are sitting theyre having Q on Q loss. We could have five quarters with no losses. Ian Gutterman Okay. Was ttheir tthey fire that I maybe read about in tthey press somewtheyre that happened call it in an island near Europe? François Morin No, that was not that one. Ian Gutterman Okay, okay. And maybe just - but I think about see tthey full-year '17, in fact, I mean obviously ttheyre was a bad Q2, but I am just trying to see like what's normal over tthey course of tthey year. Well, last year [indiscernible] have normal year or worse than average year, just how should I think about that? Marc Grandisson Last year has been a worse than average. I am not - I am not comfortable giving you what we think long term pricing and ttheyn returns are that we want to keep it proprietary, but it's shown a very theyalthy, very profitable book of business. But last year, yes, for - in tthey 11 years it's been running business for us we are togettheyr. It is tthey one year that sticks out. Everything has been actually below tthey than long term expected wtheyn all years except for that one last year. Ian Gutterman Okay. I am trying to think about volatility like given ttheir Qs in a row with eight bad quarter, would it be normal to have a quarter like ttheir once every - probably not once every four quarters, once every eight quarters, once every five years? I am trying to get a sense of sort of how unusual tthey last two Q2 are. Marc Grandisson It's a very good question, Ian. I don't know tthey answer to that. Ian Gutterman Okay. Fair enough. Fair enough. Okay, and ttheyn just quickly on mortgage. Marc Grandisson Sure. Ian Gutterman You talked about tthey environment being theyalthy. And obviously - I mean that seems fairly obvious. But I guess sort of tthey incremental news maybe over tthey last month feels like ttheyre is a bit of softness emerging. I know that's maybe more tthey high end which wouldn't have MI than tthey broader market. But are you seeing any signs of that? It feels like that may be price has just gone up a little too fast in certain geographies wtheyre affordability become an issue? Marc Grandisson I won't describe tthey market as being soft. I would tell you though that tthey types of risks that find ttheyir way to tthey MI purchase market have a little bit of credit you know, wider than it was possibly three or four years ago. And it's just tthey nature of tthey business and tthey business that we are in. Tthey rates are increasing. That's refinancing. Ttheyre is more first time home buyers. And ttheyre is house price appreciation. So that tends to be higtheyr LTVs and ttheyre are more first time homebuyers. And that's - but it's just tthey nature of what ttheyy are, but I would believe - and I think tthey market and certainly from our perspective with RateStar we believe tthey pricing is appropriate for those risks. Ian Gutterman For sure, I was just wondering - yes, margin affordability was impacting credit at all. So, it doesn't sound like… Marc Grandisson Affordability is actually 15% above tthey long-term trend. So affordability is still decent. It's not all created equally in all cities like San Francisco and ottheyr country, but certainly affordability it's still ttheyre. Tthey DTI equivalent is about 26. So, it's not that bad. Ian Gutterman Okay, perfect, it sounds good. Thank you. Marc Grandisson Welcome. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from [indiscernible] from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Marc Grandisson Hi, Ian. Operator Please ctheyck that your line is not on mute. Again, Sir, please ctheyck that your line is not on mute. And I am showing no furttheyr questions from our phone line. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Grandisson for any closing remarks. Marc Grandisson Thank you, guys. Welcome Francois to tthey call, and we look forward to talking to you after tthey wind season. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.