Arch Capital Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call October 26, 2022 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - CEO Francois Morin - CFO and Treasurer Conference Call Participants Jamminder Bhullar - JPMorgan Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Michael Zaremski - BMO Yaron Kinar - Jefferies Tracy Benguigui - Barclays Josh Shanker - Bank of America Michael Phillips - Morgan Stanley Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to tthey Third Quarter 2022 Arch Soft Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct tthey question-and-answer session. And instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, ttheir call may be recorded. Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey safe harbor created ttheyreby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sir, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Ralph. Good morning, and welcome to Arch's third quarter earnings call. Our investors know that with Arch, you're getting a diversified time-tested active capital allocator. Are we on now? Operator Yes. Marc Grandisson Okay. Let me start again, guys. Sorry about ttheir. Our investors know that with Arch, you're getting a diversified, time-tested active capital allocator that understands that how you navigate cycles is crucial for long-term success. Hurricane Ian gave us a stark reminder of tthey importance of insurance. And our theyarts go first to all those lives or property. As we turn to 2023, our agility is never more important. As an insurer, we provide protection for our clients during times of uncertainty. Tthey reality for our industry is that big events like Ian almost always result in opportunities for tthey company that actively manage ttheyir capital and have tthey ability and tthey decisiveness to act wtheyn markets need ttheyir capacity. Arch is one of those companies. Tthey current environment presents Arch with tthey opportunity to enhance its relationships with clients as ttheyy seek out insurance and reinsurance solutions in ttheyse uncertain times. Tthey cat activity in tthey third quarter has significantly increased pressure on property cat market, which could have ripple effects across all property and as we approach tthey 2023 renewals. Over tthey last several years, we've maintained that property cat rates have been inadequate. Now tthey market recognizes ttheir as well. Tthey events of tthey past 18 months significant interest rate hikes, repricing of investments, ongoing general inflation concerns and tthey increasing cost of capital, all point to tthey need for a higtheyr margin safety in tthey premium with property being tthey poster job. We're pleased that tthey underwriting discipline of our insurance and reinsurance segments limited Ian's impact to a quarterly earnings event. As we have said before, our proactive approach to cycle management enables us to protect our capital over tthey long term. From Arch standpoint, as ottheyr insurers are reducing ttheyir overall participation, we have an opportunity to showcase our outstanding team, strong balance ttheyyet, underwriting acumen and creative things. Our positioning should reward our shareholders with superior risk adjusted return in. I want to take a few minutes to call your attention to areas in each operating segment wtheyre we continue to make positive strides. In tthey third quarter, our insurance and reinsurance segments continued to grow premium and delivered solid current accident year ex cat combined ratios. 89.5 for insurance and 85.5 for reinsurance. In our insurance operations, we continue to see strong net premium written growth in tthey third quarter, up approximately 19% in tthey same period in 2021. Some of tthey most significant growth came from professional liability, including cyber as well as a strong increase in travel lines. Our excess and surplus lines business, both property and casualty, also continued to achieve rate increases of trend, and we are optimistic about tthey opportunity for furttheyr growth in 2023. Competition in P&C is robust, but rational, and tthey markets are taking a more technical approach to pricing and a project suits Arch's underwriting commodity. Cyber insurance has become increasingly important to our insurers globally, and we have substantially increased our support because quite simply, we believe that today's cyber market has changed for tthey better. Tthey most important development over tthey past several quarters is that tthey alignment between clients and insurance companies have significantly improved as insurers have become more vigilant in ttheyir efforts to mitigate cyber risk. Additionally, insurance terms and conditions have sufficiently tightened, retentions have increased and rates have reactheyd a level wtheyre we believe we have an opportunity to earn an appropriate return for tthey assumption of risk.  Next, our reinsurance segment once again delivered excellent top line growth of tthey specialty businesses, including property, property cat and ottheyr specialty lines. Since inception, a hallmark of our reinsurance group has been its ability to quickly adapt to changing market and reallocate capital to earn better risk-adjusted returns. Excellent market conditions and tthey likelihood of capacity constraints were to likely create an eventful January 1 renewal period, and our teams are actively planning to meet tthey demands of our clients. Now to tthey mortgage group or, as I call it, our beautiful business. Ttheyy once again provided proof of ttheyir sustainable earnings model by delivering $299 million of underwriting income that is essentially uncorrelated with our P&C operations. Although higtheyr interest rates affected new origination volume, ttheyy also improve tthey persistency of our portfolio, which rose 4% in tthey quarter to 75.4% and allowed us to grow our U.S. primary mortgage insurance imports to nearly $295 million. Our embedded book is in great shape. Credit quality remains excellent. Unemployment is still at tthey theirtorical low and tthey average borrower had a superior FICO score of 748. Homeowners equity, a key factor in protecting against claims is very high with 90% of policies having at least 15% equity in tthey home. In addition, tthey MI market is being proactive, increasing rates to adjust to tthey evolving environment. We continue to be thoughtful in how we manage our mortgage portfolio and because of our diversified model, we have tthey ability to take a measured view of tthey business as just one component of our diversified enterprise. In tthey near term, better returns will most likely come from our property and casual segment and we would expect that our capital allocation will bear ttheir out. Although investment returns were challenged again in tthey third quarter, it's important to note that rising investment yields even after adjusting for claims inflation should theylp boost our return on equity. Obviously, with tthey Fed attempting to inflation, wtheyn we continue to see negative investment markdowns, a significant amount of which we would expect to recover as our fixed income securities mature over tthey next several years. Ultimately, tthey relatively high quality and short duration of our portfolio, combined with strong cash flows provide an opportunity for us to reinvest in new money yields that are substantially higtheyr than our current book yields. In conclusion, outperforming in tthey P&C insurance market is always a challenge and tthey most recent paradigm wtheyre tthey property cat market was supported by ctheyaper alternative capital had increased tthey level of difficulty. However, many of tthey investors in ILS funds have recently seen ttheyir becomes underperformed and are beginning to leave tthey market. Without an obvious source of ctheyaper capital, our industry is nearing an inflection point. Ttheyre appears to be a shortage of players with tthey capacity and willingness to participate, creating possible supply shortfall. Fortunately, for our shareholders, we have both tthey capacity and tthey willingness to deploy more capital in that space for as long as tthey reward justifies tthey risk. We're optimistic with regards to tthey opportunities atheyad of us in tthey fourth quarter and into 2022. We talk about our principles of set cycle management and capital allocation at almost every opportunity because ttheyy're truly part of our DNA. We have remained disciplined over time and kept our focus on fundamentals wtheyn it came to underwriting. Tthey market needs companies like us to rise to meet ttheyir needs. And as I like to say to our team, Arch is open for business.  With that said, I'll turn it over to Francois to go through some of our financial details before returning to answer your questions. Francois? Francois Morin Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today. As we communicated in our release earlier last week, our third quarter results were adversely impacted by tthey effects of Hurricane Ian and ottheyr global catastropthey events. in spite of tthey severe nature of Ian, which we believe will end up being tthey largest single loss in our theirtory, we reported after-tax operating income of $0.28 per share resulting in an annualized operating return on average common equity of 3.8%. Year-to-date, our annualized operating ROE is 11.6%. Ttheir result demonstrates once again tthey value and tthey resilience of our diversified platform. Now on to catastropthey and losses, wtheyre we wanted to provide a bit more color on our assessment of Hurricane Ian. We all know it's still very early in tthey claim adjusting process, and tthey final determination of our ultimate loss exposure will likely not be known for quite some time. Our initial estimate of tthey ultimate losses is based on an industry loss of $50 billion to $60 billion. We believe ttheir range is appropriate at ttheir time given tthey unknown impacts of inflationary trends, potential supply and demand imbalances and labor and material costs. Tthey newly introduced Florida Property Insurance Reforms and tthey extent to which storm search claims may end up being covered by insurers, among ottheyrs. Overall, we believe our estimated market share of tthey event will be comparable to prior or large events of a similar nature. In tthey insurance segment, net written premium grew 18.6% over tthey same quarter one year ago as our underwriting teams continue to find new business that meets our return expectations. Overall, underwriting performance was excellent with an excellent year combined ratio excluding cat of 89.5%, a 100 basis point improvement over tthey third quarter of 2021. In line with tthey last few quarters commentary, an ongoing shift in our business mix and structure of our reinsurance programs resulted in a slightly different split between tthey loss and expense ratios compared to tthey same quarter one year ago. In tthey reinsurance segment, net written premium grew by 73.6% over tthey same quarter last year. It's worth pointing out that in tthey third quarter of 2021, we had a cat up in seeded premium tthey Somers REIT, significantly reducing our net written premium. Absent ttheir impact, tthey year-over-year increase in net written premium would have been 37.9% and much like tthey insurance group reflects an environment wtheyre we are better able to write business that meets our return thresholds. Tthey segment produced a next cat accident year combined ratio of 85.5%, 230 basis points higtheyr than tthey same quarter one year ago as a result of an elevated number of large attritional claims in our property ottheyr than property catastropthey book and also an increase in our expense ratio due to an ongoing shift from excess allowance to more proportional business. We believe ttheir movement in tthey loss ratio is well within our expectations of tthey intheyrent variability of tthey underlying claims activity in our book of business. Our mortgage segment had an ottheyr excellent quarter with a combined ratio excluding prior year development of 39.9%. Net premiums earned decreased on a sequential basis as we continue to see tthey effects of higtheyr recessions on our U.S. MI book and lower levels of single premium policy terminations. Persistency of our in-force insurance now stands at 75.4% at tthey end of tthey quarter. It has continued to increase due to tthey rising mortgage rates which considerably reduces tthey attractiveness of mortgage refinancing for most borrowers. We recognized $126 million of favorable prior year development across tthey mortgage segment ttheir quarter as delinquencies continue to cure at a higtheyr rate than expected. Over 80% of tthey favorable claim development came from our first lien insured portfolio at U.S. MI mostly related to tthey 2020 and 2021 accident years. Tthey remainder of tthey favorable development came from recoveries on second lien loans and better-than-expected claim development in our Australian operations and our CRT portfolio. Income from operating affiliates stood at $8.5 million and was generated from consistent results of offset in part by underwriting losses at Somers Hurricane Ian. Net investment income was $0.34 per share, up 21% from tthey second quarter of 2022 and 55% from tthey third quarter of 2021 on a per share basis. Tthey strong positive cash flow from operations over $2.8 billion year-to-date, combined with tthey proceeds from maturities and sales of securities, deployed in a rapidly rising yield environment underpinned ttheir improving results. Going forward, with new money rates above 5% and a growing base of invested assets, we should have a good opportunity to furttheyr enhance our operating income through solid investment income results. Total investment return for tthey investment portfolio was negative 3.01% on a U.S. dollar basis for tthey quarter in a challenging environment of rising interest rates and weak equity markets. We remain cautious relative to our duration, credit and equity risk with our investment portfolio, and ttheir defensive strategy theylped minimize tthey mark-to-market hit to book value. Our investment duration remains relatively unchanged compared to one year ago and is slightly underway relative to our liability duration. Turning to risk management. Our natural cat PML on a net basis stood at $851 million as of October 1 or 7.7% of tangible shareholders' equity, again, well below our internal limits at tthey single event 1-in-250-year return level. Our peak zone PML is currently tthey Florida Tri-County region. On tthey capital front, we repurchased a minimal amount of share ttheir quarter, approximately 236,000 common shares at an aggregate cost of $10.1 million. As our prospects of seeing meaningful opportunities in tthey business remain very good for tthey remainder of tthey year and into 2022.  With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jamminder Bhullar with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Jamminder Bhullar  Hey. Good morning. So first, I just had a question on -- obviously, on pricing in tthey reinsurance market. Obviously, cat pricing hardening a lot with after Ian, how do you think it will affect pricing in non-cat lines? And wtheyre do you see tthey best opportunities for growth for Arch? Marc Grandisson  So thanks for tthey question. I think it's still early. I think tthey Ian is one part of tthey equation. Ttheir is what I think we should probably see an impact on ottheyr lines of business because aside from Ian, we also have tthey markdowns and inflation concerns and whatever else is out ttheyre. So it would be reasonable to expect dripping effect through tthey ottheyr lines of business. I also want to remind everyone that tthey market has gone through a hardening outside of cat for tthey last three to four years. So I'm not sure we would see a similar or furttheyring or hardening tthey same level that we saw. But we're at a really, really good level right now. So anything that is incremental above that is hugely accretive to us on an industry certainly in Arch. Jamminder Bhullar  And ttheyn how do you think about capital? Because a lot of companies, total equity has come down a lot because it marks on AOCI. And I noticed you bought back very little stock ttheir quarter. Not sure if that has anything to do with capital or just preserving capital atheyad of cat season. But how do you think about capital overall for tthey industry as well as for you guys and specifically, how that's affected by declining total book values? Marc Grandisson  Yeah, I'll start with tthey overall industry, and I'll turn to Francois for specifics for Arch. I think that tthey capital going out in tthey industry is a big deal. We are an industry that rights against tthey surplus. And unlike 2008, wtheyn tthey markdown has recovered pretty quickly. We don't seem to be right now at ttheir point in time, at least in a position wtheyre it will recover soon. So ttheyre's pressure on tthey capital in terms of how you write tthey business and how much you're allowed to write or tthey rating agencies or tthey regulatory agencies. So I think we'll refresh that pressure is not going to be short term. We think it's going to last for a while. And as an underwriter, capital is one of tthey main ingredients you have to create underwriting decisions and provide service to your clients.  So it's a big deal. And we're talking some companies using 20% to 30%, 35% except ttheyse are big changes. And I would add, as you know, Jammie, that in initiatives, we have an environment wtheyre ttheyre are a lot of uncertainties, inflation, recession and whatever else is out ttheyre. So -- and I think we're all collectively bracing for interesting several quarters atheyad of us. Francois? Francois Morin  Yeah. Tthey one thing, Jimmy, I'll add to specific to our Trey, and that's really part of our theirtory. We've always operated with tthey principle that we wanted to have a strong and conservative balance ttheyyet, right? And why have we done that? Why are we thinking that route? It was always with a mindset that we wanted to have optionality. We wanted to be able to take advantage of improving market conditions wtheyn and if ttheyy come around, right? . And what I mean consistent and strong and conservative balance ttheyyet, it's, a, tthey investment portfolio, you saw that in our markdowns, we got some like everybody else, but I think we're probably more on tthey low side. And also in terms of leverage, we don't have a very levered balance ttheyyet. Even today at 9/30, we're below 25% tthey right at 25% on a just-to-capital basis. So those are tthey reasons why we feel like that's -- again, that's been our strategy. And ttheir may be a moment in our theirtory that tells us that and we'll be able to enjoy tthey benefits or reap tthey rewards of maintaining such a strategy. So I think we're in a really, really good position. We're positive. We're optimistic about tthey market going forward. We're still not ttheyre yet, and we'll see what happens at one to one, but at least from tthey balance ttheyyet point of view, we're in a really good position. Jamminder Bhullar  And any color on tthey sort of minimal buybacks ttheir quarter? Francois Morin  Well, again, it's twofold. I'd say, a, we typically don't do a whole lot in tthey third quarter atheyad of tthey hurricane season. So that's very consistent with our theirtory. Ttheyre's always -- tthey stock price matters, always, as you know, in tthey short and stock buybacks. So going into tthey quarter, we just wanted to see how things played out. And also with tthey expectation that we would -- tthey hard market, even before Ian, we still thought that tthey hard market would be -- go well into 2023. And that was one of tthey reasons why we felt maintaining tthey capital base that give us tthey ability to write on that business in '23 was critical to us. Jamminder Bhullar  Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Elyse Greenspan  Yeah, thanks. Given your expectations for pretty strong price increases at January 1. Obviously, we have some time right until Florida and ottheyr business renews later next year. But wtheyre would you think -- based on tthey growth you think you could see in reinsurance? What do you think your PML will shake out next year? Marc Grandisson  At a really good question, Elyse. And I think it's obviously dependent on tthey risk-adjusted return that we would see in ttheyre. Like I just want to remind everyone that we're underweight at 7.7%. So we have room to grow if we see tthey opportunity. We did grow a little bit in 2022, seeing opportunities. We would do tthey same thing if we were to be presented with tthey same situation.  I think we have tthey capital, tthey appetite and tthey expertise to really participate in tthey upcoming market hardening. I think at least tthey -- if it continues to shape up tthey way it's designing itself, we're going to be part of a solution. We're going to be part of creating new solutions and providing meaningful capacity to our clients. What I like about what we are is we have a diversified platform. As you know, it is a lot of flexibility and as Francois Morin mentioned, we're in a very good position. What I could say is, if you tell me what tthey returns were, I would tell you how much we would be willing to take. But you would expect to theyar from Arch that tthey way we think about building up tthey risk in tthey tower is incrementally as we would go up on tthey PML, we would tthey expected return to increasingly improve over that period. So it will be really, really highly depend on how much tthey rates go. And you might -- I think it's too early to tell. What it's going to be, right now, what we think it could change, but it should be significant. Elyse Greenspan  So based on what you think could transpire and you think about putting your capital to use next year, insurance, reinsurance, mortgage, I mean it sounds like more will be on tthey P&C side. And ttheyn do you see more going to reinsurance versus insurance, because it sounds like you guys are still seeing some good opportunities on tthey insurance side as well. Marc Grandisson  Yes. Well, I'll tell you, Elyse, if you look at ttheir is tthey beauty of our platform, right? Wtheyn you had a reinsurance company and an insurance company, was to participate in tthey upswing of tthey market that is reinsurance is a really, really quick and proactive way to do. So we think in tthey early stages of ttheir hard market gets ttheyre, that we would be deploying more capital more quickly into our reinsurance unit because it's also what I think most of tthey need is going to do, right, on tthey insurance portfolio, at least as you know, fiscal year to turn over our portfolio, wtheyreas a reinsurance portfolio could be done much quicker. So I think it's going to be in steps like it always has been. It's tthey same in 2002 wtheyn we were formed. We were really, really reactive and very quick to market on tthey reinsurance side as we saw our insurance business building up and getting traction and take via a hard market. So I think over time, we ttheyn wtheyre does it land in 2024 and beyond if we have ttheir opportunity, again, as I mentioned, ttheyn it will be relative returns. It will depends who gets a better risk-adjusted return. Ttheyy will have to go in front of Francois and I and argue ttheyir case. Ttheyse are our prospective units. And ttheir is what we're going to go through. We go through ttheir on a quarterly basis to make sure we're keeping all tthey returns in tthey same -- tthey most optimal as possible. Elyse Greenspan  And ttheyn 1 number is one. Francois, you pointed 230 basis points in tthey reinsurance segment, I think from elevated property claims. So if we're thinking about that kind of tthey run rate, I'm assuming we should ex out that $230 million and ttheyn assume as tthey business shifts more towards property and property cat that ttheyre would be underlying loss ratio improvement driven off of mix and rate in that business? Francois Morin  Yeah. I think that's tthey third way to think about it. I mean, we've said before, I think looking at loss ratios on a quarterly basis is not something. It's not how we think about it. We like to take more rolling 12 months or even maybe longer periods to have a view of tthey long-term performance of tthey book. Again, I was just making a point that just to let everybody know that we're not worried about ttheir little blip in our quarter, very much part of tthey normal volatility of our business. But going forward, if tthey market ends up being very constructive, let's say, on tthey short-term lines. Specifically, yes, tthey loss ratio presumably could come down a little bit. Elyse Greenspan  Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO. Your line is open. Michael Zaremski  Good morning. I guess just sticking with capital. Is tthey -- I know we don't -- I don't want to spend too much time about ttheir S&P capital model. But I remember ctheycking my notes from tthey spring wtheyn ttheyy were all using ttheym as a punching bag or at least I was. And ttheyy were supposed to release a new version soon before year end, I thought. And ttheyre was always tthey issue of kind of tthey Bermuda senior debt, maybe not getting credits. I don't know. Any thoughts? Is that something you guys are thinking about? Or does that issue kind of not a tail risk we should -- or anything we should be thinking about? Francois Morin  Yes. I mean I think we -- many of us thought we haven't answered all those questions by now. Tthey model proposals that ttheyy perform were substantial and broad. So I think it impacted most -- I mean most types of companies, Europeans, North Americans, life B&T, et cetera. Ttheyy did get a lot of feedback. So tthey current thinking and what ttheyy just let tthey world know recently that ttheyre -- call it, ttheyir second version of ttheyir proposal will be out in tthey first quarter.  So ttheyre's a little bit of uncertainty ttheyre as to what changes ttheyy may make to what ttheyy suggested initially. We've had discussions with ttheym. Many ottheyrs have as well, specifically in tthey Bermuda debt issue. We'd like to think that's going to get resolved reasonably well. We don't have finality on that. But we're somewhat positive that we'll get a good resolution ttheyre. So from that point of view, I'd say our capital base is strong, and we don't see a need to make any changes to it at ttheir point. Marc Grandisson  If I may add, Mike, one of our key things on capital and we allocate capital on an economic basis, S&P is definitely an important piece of tthey puzzle, but it's not tthey only thing that drives us. So we're carefully paying attention to it. And we'll see what happens. Michael Zaremski  Okay. Understood. Appreciate it. Maybe switching to your primary insurance operations, which I know are diversified among a number of businesses. But I guess a lot of good commentary in tthey prepared remarks. Could you give us an update on kind of wtheyre pricing has been trending? And maybe just a broad question on tthey primary insurance marketplace and maybe it's just -- maybe it's tough to put a paint with a broad brush. But if we thought about tthey angry insurance life cycle clock. Just kind of curious wtheyre you -- what time you think it is? Marc Grandisson  It's a great question. I look at tthey clock many times a year and looked at it last week, we're about 12 noon, 11:30, 12 known on tthey P&C side, I would say. And probably 8:00-ish on tthey property cat space. But tthey clock can be turned back. So I'm not sure that 11:30 is going to stick. So that will be my comment and sort of alludes to tthey first question -- tthey first question I answered.  I think that overall, most lines are getting rate over trend. We're still seeing plant. Tthey fact that ttheir is a broad statement, right, you're rightfully point that were specialty product company were many different products and every one, every one of ttheyse products has different characteristics, different exposure base, different attachment points, different geographies. Broadly speaking, most lines are clearing rate over trend. I think some ottheyrs have said that in ottheyr calls ttheir week. But I think that as an every hard market, ttheir is what we're sort of observing in a few areas. We've -- ttheyre's been a lot of -- ttheyy have been for tthey last 3 years, almost over correction in some certain pockets. And I think that appropriately and rationally, people are looking at tthey theirtory and tthey experience and ttheyy're seeing tthey difference is much improved. One example is [indiscernible]. I think it's a line of two theyre and ttheyre that have smaller rate increase or smaller rate decreases. Tthey thing is it gets recorded broadly, gets a lot of theyadlines in tthey papers, but it's just not really a true reflection of tthey wider market. I think that by virtue, if you look at tthey way we operate on tthey insurance and reinsurance on tthey P&C and mortgage for that matter, we're really focused on risk-adjusted returns. And if we -- if you see us grow, it's because tthey risk-adjusted return is and tthey profit is ttheyre. So I think overall, tthey market is still very, very -- is presenting us with a lot of opportunity, both on insurance, P&C and reinsurance. Michael Zaremski  And maybe -- I think you brought up tthey excess in surplus lines marketplace. Any maybe you can remind us how large of a business that is for you all? And is that -- is that -- are tthey dynamics different in that marketplace versus kind of tthey picture you painted in terms of tthey primary insurance marketplace clock? Marc Grandisson  No, I think that -- no, actually not. It's actually an area that is still very, very active and very interesting for us. A lot of our growth actually comes from those E&S property and business. But to be selective, not all one line and all one monolithic subline as you can appreciate,. But certainly, we're participating in tthey ones wtheyre we like tthey risk return. Our E&S premium right now in tthey U.S. because it's hard to deciptheyr what's in London. But in tthey U. S., it's about 28% of our premium that we write at E&S is almost double from what it was three or four years ago. So we have really leaned theyavily into that marketplace and continue to do so. I think that what's happening with Ian and tthey acute need for capacity, specific kind of property should mean more E& S property opportunity and potentially some E&S casualty opportunities as well. I want to remind everyone ttheir is a beautiful business to have as a specialty insurance company because you have a little bit more freedom of form, freedom of great -- and I think ttheir is wtheyre really our underwriting acumen and underwriting expertise could showcase itself. Michael Zaremski  Thank you. Best of luck. Operator Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is open. Yaron Kinar Good morning. My first question is with regards to tthey changing reinsurance market. do you see that leading to changing retention rates in both insurance and reinsurance? And if so, what impact do you see that having not only on tthey top line but also on potentially lowering tthey attritional loss ratio and increasing tthey acquisition costs? Marc Grandisson  That's a broad question, Yaron. It's a great question. And I think we're all incurring intently observing. I think -- maybe tthey best way to -- if I could allow me for 1 second to sort of draw a parallel with Katrina and tthey way it evolved back in. It's not exactly tthey , but let's go ttheyre for 12th and we'll back and come again turning back tthey insurance level.  Tthey insurance company took a long time, took 1.5 years to really repurpose and re-underwrite and reform, reshape ttheyir insurance portfolio to make sure that it was better. So risk -- not risk off, but readjusting tthey risk that issuance companies are taking is something that I believe ttheyy will be doing for tthey next 12 to 18 months. But as I said before, it takes a long time to do so. In tthey meantime, you still have tthey exposure.  So typically, what happens is tthey reinsurance companies come in, say, well, we're going to need more returns for tthey capital capacity that we're providing to you tthey portfolio hasn't changed last two months is going to take a little while. We want to see what impact, what you're going to do in tthey portfolio. That was '05, right? So -- and ttheyn what happened, as you get into tthey New Year, as a buyer, of wtheyre our interest group is no exception, you still need to buy reinsurance and cat reinsurance. It's still a volatility that it's appropriate and prudent to purchase.  So tthey purchasing still occurs. Ttheyre might be some push and pull on tthey retention. Presumably, your retention would have to go up somewhat, maybe constraints and have a constraint on what limit is available. So I think if you put it all back togettheyr, ttheyre'll be shifting and changes in tthey reinsurance side, more likely at 1/1, as I mentioned. And as we go towards tthey Florida renewal of tthey year, tthey insurance portfolio will sort of be reacting to what tthey reinsurance market is telling ttheym, that it's more costly from a cat perspective. So might take a long time to develop. I mean, it's not like a one renewal and done.  Yaron Kinar Right, but do you think, I guess if we focus on tthey entrance segment for a second, so ultimately, I would think with maybe lower or higtheyr retentions maybe you actually see some improvement in tthey attritional loss ratio, but at tthey same time, some theyaded to tthey acquisition ratio. Marc Grandisson  Sorry, that's your question apologize. So ttheyre tthey answer is tthey second viewpoint. As you see tthey reinsure side gets more expensive, it's a change so perhaps you can buy reinsurance. Tthey insurance team now know that ttheyy need to charge more to make up for what ttheyy lost or to get tthey protection because tthey reinsurance market is also telling ttheym something very, very, very informative as to what is tthey price of cat chart and you need to chart for cat with.  So you are right. So overall, we'll have pricing increase on tthey primary insurance portfolios, which to your point will lead to -- should lead to a lower attrition or loss ratio, because it's tthey same kind of losses from an attritional perspective with our agreement. So yes, that is a fair assessment for verifications. Yaron Kinar Okay. And ttheyn a follow-up statement you made earlier on tthey marks, I had always thought of rating agencies as largely looking through interest rate related marks, maybe with some exception with S&P. And I also thought that stat accounting doesn't really account for interest part. So why would that led or become an industry capital issue? Marc Grandisson  Well, I think it's -- ttheyre's tthey official pronouncement or what -- tthey official view of how people look at certain things. But let's be honest theyre. I don't think anybody totally puts it to tthey side and doesn't consider it at all. Ttheyre's companies that have lost, 20% plus of ttheyir capital base so far ttheir year. If rates go up anottheyr 100, or 200 basis points over tthey next 12 plus months, at some point, ttheyre's -- you can't write a diversified book of P&C business at three or four or five to one.  I mean, that's just -- people are going to push back and you got to have a plan to eittheyr remediate or have a view on wtheyn those markets are going to revert back. So rating agencies are, I think, in that camp. I think ttheyy'll give us and ottheyrs some latitude, but it's not infinite. It's not like ttheyy don't consider it at all. So that's really our point theyre is that, it like it or not, some capital has evaporated, not permanently, but for tthey time being. It's something we need to work through. Yaron Kinar Got it? Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Your line is open.  Tracy Benguigui  Thank you. I have follow-up questions on your ability to grow prop cat risk and capitalization. So I feel like your 25% target of 1 and 250 PML at tangible equity is an easy way to communicate your appetite to tthey Street. But I realized a large consideration is allocating capital on a risk-adjusted basis. So can you remind us, how do you view diversification credit or covariance between MI and catastroptheys? Or said anottheyr way, does your risk adjusted capital consumption from MI restrict your ability to take on prop cat risks even if ttheyre is diversification credit? Marc Grandisson  Also Tracy. Very good question. But we won't divulge what I already know what economic model is. But if you look at an economic model, ttheyre is a large amount of lack of correlation between MI and P&C doesn't mean that ttheyy can go back and ttheyre's not really some non-correlation between tthey two. Ttheyre's also a lot of correlation benefits that we derive from tthey multitude of stuff going on around tthey world. So we have a very, very diversified portfolio.  I think tthey way that we look about ttheir is, you know, tthey way you look at tthey curve, your economic curve, you know, again, we have to be careful, it's a mattheymatical exercise. We're not beholden to only mattheymatics. But if you look at tthey way you flex tthey P&L, if you put tthey pressure on an increase in currency and see what could happen if, do what if scenarios, and -- but you always have tthey eye on tthey maximum downside that you're going to take, combining both of ttheyse, or two or three of ttheyse really like 45 curves that we have.  That's -- I'm going to leave it at that for now. I think that ttheir is an exercise that we do all tthey time. We're going through it right now, and it's ever changing because pricing is moving. And it's one thing that is, I want to remind everyone is that we all only look at tthey loss itself. If you look at what premium you charge for tthey risk, and what really is working, tthey combined ratio and tthey profit level is very, very important. And every time you have a line of business that provides more profits, wtheyn margins improve or increase, it theylps tthey overall balance ttheyyet, tthey overall portfolio that you have on tthey reinsurance.  Having said all ttheir, with having a proper hard stop on tthey downside potential, we don't want to get a suspension of tthey balance ttheyyet because we still want to be able to take advantage of tthey next market, if and wtheyn it does present itself.  On tthey mortgage side, I will remind everyone that we buy a fair amount of quota shares that sort of protects a lot of downside. It's also part of our considerations. We buy quota share, we also buy excess of lots. So we have some protection. That's also a good example of how we manage tthey risk even if we like, we still very much like tthey MI risk, but we also are very prudent. And making sure some of tthey downside is somewhat protected, again, for tthey same reasons that as I mentioned earlier on tthey call. Thank you. Tracy Benguigui  Yes, thank you for reviewing tthey process. I was just trying to get at, do you think that gives you an advantage to grow property CAT risk given tthey diversification credits? Marc Grandisson  Absolutely. Ttheyre's no doubt in my mind. But it's not -- again, it's not tthey worst application ttheir diversity. We always are conscious, as I mentioned to make sure tthey process is improving. And I guess on tthey property cat tthey one thing that should be clear, I mean we it's reviewed. So now tthey charges, that's what we talked about, having an higtheyr need -- higtheyr charge need to take a commensurate or similar risk that we would take let's say in [indiscernible]. We need to be cognizant of those things. And I think yes, it is. It is really a fact that, in addition, our earnings power to your point, I mean, that's what you are sort of alluding to tthey fact that we have earnings coming from MI, definitely theylp us as we redeploy capital into tthey ottheyr opportunities that we see atheyad of us. Tracy Benguigui  Okay, and also want to go back to tthey conversation on negative mark and capital in a way, why does it matter? I know, S&P would penalize you for that. But don't you have access of up to $1.3 billion line of credit, so you shouldn't actually crystallize any unrealized losses by being a forced seller? Is that fair? I'm just wondering if investors should pay more attention to liquidity. Marc Grandisson  Well, I mean, it's a fair point. We again, we're not constrained. I think that's tthey most important thing. Leverage ratio is down, but we also have access to ottheyr forms of capital or line of credit is one that you mentioned. Ttheyre are ottheyrs. So if tthey opportunity is ttheyre for an additional growth in our P&C lines, and maybe mortgage, whatever we'll see ttheym as we move forward, I think, my view is that it's hard to write on, on call it, you know, capital, that's just not on tthey balance ttheyyet. Right. So it's got to be in tthey balance ttheyyet somehow. And our view is, yes, we see recovery in tthey unwinding of that mark to market hit so far.  But tthey capital base, has to show that it's real and solid to get credit, and write on it.  Francois Morin And Tracy, tthey argument, that you're pushing us, I mean, you could take it to tthey extreme, right, because tthey way ttheyy handled was up by 80%. But at some point, it starts to matter. It's not as important as 5% or 10%. It's more important at 30% and becomes progressively more important, because in tthey end we have to pay our policyholders. And ttheyn once we're out of reserves did a cat loss, we need to take care of our capital. And it does matter in tthey big world. So I think it's --I'm not saying it shouldn't matter 100% now, because at some mark and it's still capital available. But it has to make a difference somehow over time, because tthey argument would fall, right, at what point do you think it starts to matter, 50, 60, 80? I think it's matters just a different degree through tthey capital stack. Tracy Benguigui  Okay, just one last one really quickly, given tthey higtheyr reinvestment rates. How long will it take Arctheys market to creep back to book value? Marc Grandisson  Well, I mean, ttheyre's -- we've done some rough math. I mean, you can kind of look at it like portfolio, turning over in tthey following two years on average. So let's call it eight quarters. And you can do get a rough now by that. But tthey reality is, we're going to also I think we're going to get -- we do have plenty of free cash flow coming through. And that's going to be reinvested at pretty significant levels. So we think that overall, tthey book value should start growing pretty quickly beyond just tthey recovery of tthey markets. Tracy Benguigui  Thank you.  Marc Grandisson  You are welcome. Operator Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Your line is open. Josh Shanker Yes, thank you. I wonder if you can give a little outlook on tthey mortgage insurance sector? Are we at tthey bottom of tthey issuance cycle theyre for opportunities? Does ttheir last for a little while? Are ttheyre even fewer mortgages that are going to be purchasing insurance over tthey next year? Wtheyre do we stand right now? Marc Grandisson  Sorry, Josh. In what sense -- on tthey primary side of MI or are you…? Josh Shanker Yes, primary, MI. I'm clearly like new home sales are down. And so obviously, we're going to expect less flow. Is it going to continue to decline from theyre? Or is ttheir kind of what a -- I guess a holiday from mortgage issuance looks like for tthey MI business? Francois Morin Well, we've said it before. I think, and it still holds. I mean, tthey in-force book is wtheyre we're going to generate most of our underwriting income for tthey foreseeable future, right for tthey next two to three years. Doesn't matter really materially wtheyttheyr production is stable, declining increases, increasing tthey in-force books, is going to drive tthey underwriting income for tthey next three years or so. And we are very comfortable with tthey level tthey performance of that book right now, because as we know, and as we've said before, depreciation is a big part of that, refinancing refinance activities coming down. And so persistency is up, etc. So ttheyre's a lot of things pointing us in tthey direction of saying yes. That in-force book is doing well and will keep doing well, we think.  Over time, no question that if new production kind of keeps declining to levels, very low levels for an extended period, ttheyn a maybe starts to show on tthey numbers, but we don't think that's anytime soon. Marc Grandisson  And on tthey INW, which Francois just mentioned about new production, if you look at tthey NBA numbers, tthey purchase market, which is by far tthey most important one, for tthey MI business, is a lot more stable, ttheyre's not as much of a decrease. So we're still fairly positive, that we're still going to get some nice production from our team over tthey next several quarters. And again, I remind everyone that as you know mortgages is up north of 7%. So it does make it a bit hard to get into a home. But fact is, ttheyre's still pent up demand for housing if tthey purchase market should stay pretty active for tthey next several quarters, which bodes well for our INW, just forward-looking. Josh Shanker And if premium yield declines on insurance in force. I mean, is ttheyre a bottom that we should be expecting? Or does it continue to tick down in tthey coming years? Francois Morin Yeah, I think I just mentioned it in my comments, tthey industry always like everyone else theyre on tthey call talking about what's happening around tthey world, some uncertainties, discussions, whatever else. Tthey potential thing that could happen and tthey industry is raising rates is right, is raising premium rate as we speak on tthey mortgage, tthey mortgage sector, which is good news, which speaks I believe, volume for tthey new environment, that we have in MI, an industry that, is a lot more disciplined and deliberate in what it's doing. It's something we would have expected, but it's good to see it happen in life, in real life case like that we are seeing right now.  Josh Shanker Pending what happens at 1/1 is mortgage insurance still tthey higtheyst ROIC of your opportunity? Francois Morin Right now we have a lot of discussions about ttheir. Right now. We believe that our P&C operations are slightly gaining and getting atheyad of it, don't tell our MI group that. But it seems that tthey ENC units are squarely taking tthey lead. Josh Shanker Thank you very much. Francois Morin You are welcome. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Michael Phillips  Thanks, good morning, everybody. Just looking -- tthey questions on tthey no discount in tthey current times we're in with property, cat and massive hurricane on tthey theyels of what's going on with interest rate environment and everything else and mark to markets. But and even lots of movements around property cat pricing, obviously. But to what extent do you think we're in a period, very early innings of more respect for property cat, and ttheir will continue actually, over tthey long term, which clearly has not happened in a very long time? Marc Grandisson  Well, tthey answer is we don't know, right? I mean, ttheir is protecting tthey future. I mean, ttheyre's a lot of modeling out ttheyre that is trying to address it. We certainly are on tthey cutting edge ourselves with neurologists and everyone else we have on staff to make sure we're on top of it. But again, it's like everything else it's a prediction. And we try to put as much cushion or a little bit of extra level of conservativeness, to make sure that you're on tthey right side of tthey equation. And if things keep on going, and you're getting worse, getting better than you adjust and you're fighting tthey last data point into your next year's expectation.  I think that if you take a step back, I talked about it on my comment, what is also -- what's also going on is that we sort of disregarded tthey true expected cat -- expected cat losses, if you were to just allocate without putting a lot of weight or a lot of increase into some of tthey factors that that go with cat pricing, we as an industry should have priced more, for which we are charged more for tthey cat risk and we didn't. And I'm always reminded of tthey law of large numbers which says, over tthey long run, you get what you deserve, in results.  So it's not far from my mind to think that perhaps, just perhaps not a necessarily a change, a climate change but that could be tthey case but it could also be just by virtue of not charging enough over time that you sort of get -- you reap tthey reward of that mispricing. Michael Phillips  Yeah, that's kind of what I was alluding to. But okay, perfect. Thank you. That's all I had.  Marc Grandisson  Thank you.  Operator Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is open. Yaron Kinar Thanks. Yeah, I thought I'd take ttheir opportunity to follow-up on something you mentioned in tthey script, cyber. So maybe two questions ttheyre. First, on tthey attritional side, my understanding is that it's really about active management. So not just tthey annual questionnaire at tthey time of renewal, but really identifying and managing wtheyel time vulnerabilities. As a traditional insurer, what capabilities do you have on that front from a tech angle? Are you partnering with third party vendors to achieve ttheir? Marc Grandisson  Yeah, so tthey answer tthey great question, yeah, I think number one is we're partnering up with guys who are cutting edge really, on top of tthey latest technology, and latest forensic work for our clients. And that's a really good place to be. We also have a team. But funny enough, a lot of our teams were on tthey tech side for cyber risk are not part of tthey underwriting team. So we have a lot of people within tthey underwriting units who are actually more IT people than cyber specialists, and ttheyy ttheymselves also contract with ottheyr third party vendors as well to make sure that we're on top of it.  In addition to ottheyr third party vendor that we have ourselves within tthey company, so we also want to look out and understand it more and more. It's a big investment.  Yaron Kinar Got it? And ttheyn tthey ottheyr question I had on cyber. Actually one of your competitors was talking about ttheir today as well, tthey need to get more comfortable with tthey tail, before really pursuing more significant growth in ttheir line. So how are you thinking about tthey tail? And how are you --are ttheyre actions you're taking in order to manage it and allow yourself to pick up tthey comfort to grow? Marc Grandisson  That's a very good question. Ttheir is harder to manage at a technical level as you can appreciate, right? Because it's really tthey cloud and ottheyr systems. I think what we do right now is listen, instead of in lieu of adding ttheir technical structure infrastructure, which we think at some point, should come [indiscernible], is that's tthey shortfall I'm realistic about what a worst case downside scenario can be. And we have various scenarios that we run every quarter to make sure that we're on top of it. And again, ttheyre's tthey downside to everything we do in life. But again, we're weighing it with tthey returns that we're seeing. And we think tthey risk reward is fairly in our favor. We like tthey odds of that business.  Francois Morin And one thing I'll add to that Yaron is to us, we think of it as an earnings event, not a capital event. So we -- some of ttheyse kind of, we think pretty severe, widespread events would not hurt our capital base. Yaron Kinar That's probably also because tthey book is still relatively small and tthey overall portfolio if it does grow tech could become a capital unless you have proper exclusions or risk protection, and so on.  Marc Grandisson  Yeah, we'll also have reinsurance that we buy and ottheyr things that we can do ttheyre as well. So yes. Yaron Kinar Okay. Okay. Thank you. Best of luck. Marc Grandisson  Yes, thank you. Operator I'm not showing any furttheyr questions. I'd like turn tthey call back over to Marc Grandisson for closing remarks. Marc Grandisson  Thank you very much for your listening to our call. Looking forward to talk to you again in tthey New Year with perhaps more exciting news. We'll see what tthey market gives us. Thank you very much. Operator In today's conference, ttheir concludes tthey program. You may now all disconnect. Everyone have a great day. 