Arch Capital Group Ltd (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q4 2015 Earnings Conference Call February 10, 2016 11:00 AM ET Executives Dinos Iordanou - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Marc Grandisson - President and Chief Operating Officer Mark Lyons - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Analysts Joseph DeWitt - JPMorgan Vinay Misquith - Sterne Agee Amit Kumar - Macquarie Capital Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Josh Shanker - Deutscthey Bank Meyer Shields - KBW Matt Carletti - JMP Securities Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Arch Capital Group Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. Before tthey company get started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey Federal Securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey Safe Harbor created ttheyreby. Management will also make reference to some non-GAAP measures of tthey financial performance, tthey reconciliation to GAAP and tthey definition of operating income can be found on tthey company’s current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company’s earnings press release and is available on tthey company’s website. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Dinos Iordanou. You may begin. Dinos Iordanou Thank you, Alan. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. We would like to begin our call by first welcoming Marc Grandisson who has joined us ttheir morning and they will be part of our future presentations to you. For those of you who may have missed our recent release announcing Marc’s promotion to President and Chief Operating Officer, let me remind you that all of our operating businesses now report directly to Marc. Many of you already know them as they was an integral part of tthey original reinsurance team with Paul Ingrey and ottheyrs that theylped establish Arch Reinsurance Group as tthey best-in-class global reinsurer. In addition, Marc played a prominent role in establishing our mortgage business, which has become a significant contributor to our group results. You will theyar more about tthey business environment from Marc in a few minutes, but let me very briefly describe how we see tthey operating conditions in tthey markets we participate in. To invoke a bit of a sailing analogy, we are facing theyadwinds in our reinsurance group, overcapacity, pressure on ceding commissions, more excess of loss purchasing at inadequate pricing. So, that describes a bit tthey reinsurance market conditions. We see reasonably calm conditions in our insurance group, some sectors under pressure from a pricing point of view, but ottheyr sectors offering good opportunities, especially in small customer segments. And of course, ttheyre are tailwinds in our mortgage segments. Tthey underwriting is very strong in ttheir particular sector and tthey macroeconomic conditions affecting tthey housing market, ttheyy are very favorable. Turning to our operating results. Our fourth quarter earnings were driven by solid reported underwriting results, while investment returns were challenging, continue to be affected by yields available in tthey markets. Group-wide and on a constant dollar basis, our gross written premium decreased by 3.6% in tthey fourth quarter over tthey same period in 2014, while net written premiums were down 8.2% as underwriting actions in our insurance and in reinsurance business were only partially offset by growth in our mortgage business. We continue and I know Marc will emphasize ttheir, to emphasize underwriting discipline with all of our operating units. On an operating basis, we earned $143.6 million or $1.15 per share for tthey fourth quarter, which produced an annualized return on equity of just shy of 10%, 9.8% for tthey 2015 fourth quarter and as it compares to a 9.7% return on average common equity for tthey year ending December 31, 2015. Net income movements on a quarterly basis can be more volatile as ttheyse earnings are influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates and realized gains and losses in our investment portfolio. Investment volatility during tthey fourth quarter and for tthey full year 2015 caused net income to fall below operating returns. Ttheir is I believe for tthey first time in tthey last 5 years that our operating returns were below net income returns. On a net income basis, Arch earned $4.09 for all of 2015, which equates to a return on equity of 8.8% for tthey year. While operating return on equity generally produces a more stable stream of earnings in tthey short-term, we believe that net income provides a better view of value creation and book value growth over time. Over tthey past 5 years, on average, net income ROE has added 230 basis points to our operating return. Our reported underwriting results remain acceptable in tthey fourth quarter as reflected by a strong combined ratio of 86.8 and were aided by low level of catastropthey losses and continued favorable loss reserve development. Group-wide, we believe that on an expected basis, tthey present value ROE on tthey business written in tthey 2016 underwriting year will produce ROEs in tthey range of 10% to 12% on allocated capital. Net investment income per share for tthey quarter was $0.53 per share, down $0.01 sequentially from tthey third quarter of 2015. Positive returns on equities in tthey quarter were not enough to offset negative returns on fixed income as total return on a constant dollar basis on our investment portfolio was a negative 10 basis points in tthey fourth quarter of 2015. Tthey strengttheyning of tthey U.S. dollar also impacted total return which was negative 33 basis points for tthey quarter on a reported basis. Our operating cash flow, excluding Watford, was approximately $100 million in tthey fourth quarter as compared to approximately $225 million in tthey same period last year. Mark Lyons will discuss tthey changes in cash flow in a few minutes, but approximately one-third of tthey decline in cash flow reflects tthey timing of premiums paid to Watford. Our book value per common share at December 31, 2015 was $47.95 per share, a slight increase from tthey third quarter of 2015 and a 5.2% increase from December 31, 2014. With respect to capital management, we continue to have capital in excess of our targeted levels. However, we did not find any opportunities to purchase shares in tthey fourth quarter that will meet our previously stated criteria for share repurchases. We have found some of those opportunities to purchase shares in tthey first quarter of 2016. Through February 5, 2016, 1,050,000 shares under our 10b5 program at a cost of $69 million, with those purchases, we have approximately $450 million remaining on our board authorization. We will review that in our board meeting in May 2016. Before I turn over tthey call to Marc Grandisson, I would like to discuss our PMLs, which continue to decline from underwriting actions we have taken in our cat portfolios. As usual, I would like to point out that our cat PML aggregates reflect business balance through January 1, while premium numbers included in our financials are through December 31 and that tthey PMLs are reflected net of all reinsurance and retrocessions we purchased. As of January 1, 2016, our largest 2015 year PML for a single event remains tthey Norttheyast at $489 million or approximately 8% of common shareholders equity. I believe that’s tthey lowest level on a percentage basis in our theirtory. Our Gulf of Mexico PML decreased to $444 million at January 1 and our Florida Tri-County PML decreased to a low $362 million. I will now turn it over to Marc Grandisson to comment on market conditions as they sees ttheym before Mark Lyons discusses our financial results. And after Mark Lyons, we will take your questions. So Marc, welcome and go at it. Marc Grandisson Thank you, Dinos. It’s great to be theyre. I already know many of you and I look forward to know you better as I move into my new role. As we look across our three segments insurance, reinsurance and mortgage, we see not only tthey challenges of competitive conditions as Dinos mentioned in stock pricing, but we also see opportunities in each of our three business segments. While macro events and tthey interest rate environment have brought down total ROE expectations to a new normal level, we are positioning ourselves in all of our underwriting units, focusing on specialty nictheys that have some intheyrent competitive protection and for which we believe we will achieve our 15% ROE target over tthey cycle. As far as tthey overall insurance markets are concerned, commercial pricing remains under pressure, especially in tthey more commoditized product lines. Primary P&C rates are declining in tthey mid to low single-digit range, although ttheyre are pockets of rate strengttheyning. Terms and condition in general are stable. Turning first to our insurance operations in United States, we saw 140 basis points effective rate decrease ttheir quarter, but a rate decrease of only 20 bps for tthey full 2015 policy year versus 2014. Expected ROE on allocated capital in many lines are still comfortably in tthey double digits. Those lines of business include construction, national account programs, some areas of low capacity, executive assurance and professional liability. Togettheyr, ttheyse lines represent over 70% of our 2015 volume. In contrast, we have seen worsening, as mentioned by Dinos of tthey rate levels in property also in theyalthcare and higtheyr capacity executive assurance. As a result, we are writing left in those lines. Our insurance group’s premium written decreased 2.5% in tthey fourth quarter 2015 versus 2014 on a gross basis, but 6% down on a net basis. Tthey changes in our gross versus net reflects tthey change in our underlying mix as well as our ability to buy reinsurance on more favorable terms. Ceded written premium increased 6.1% in our insurance group ttheir quarter over tthey same period last year. Our international insurance operations, which are based in tthey UK and underwriters risk globally are under theyavier pressure from a rate level perspective. Rate changes ttheyre were minus 7% across all of our product lines. Needless to say, we are continuing to actively underwrite and manage ttheir portfolio and are trying to move into areas such as accident and theyalth wtheyre competition we believe is less intense. Turning to our reinsurance group now, we continued to develop and allocate our resources for specialty markets and products that are somewhat more zealous from competition. Business lines such as property, including catastropthey, excess of loss and marine are yet again experiencing rate declines in tthey 10% range. At tthey same time, some segments like UK motor and U.S. professional liability have experienced small rate increases and that has created some opportunities for Arch Re. We find it challenging, if not impossible to uncover opportunities in tthey broader U.S. casualty, global aviation and medical malpractice reinsurance markets. Tthey returns ttheyre are just not satisfactory. In our view, capacity is plentiful. In short, tthey lines of business wtheyre we are focusing our efforts still provide us with expected ROEs on allocate capital in excess of 10%, but tthey days of low hanging fruit are gone. Our reinsurance group net premium written has declined 26% in tthey fourth quarter of 2015 versus fourth quarter of 2014, led by decreased writings in our short-tailed segment. Our property cat portfolio for tthey full 2015 year is now over 30% over prior year 2014 on a net basis. In addition, we have seen and reacted to rate erosion by writing left in many ottheyr product segments such as international credits and surety, focused on Class and French motor third-party liability business. Ctheyaper retrocessional protection has also led us to lower retention in tthey reinsurance group on a shorter-tail line. Switching now to our mortgage insurance segment, which includes – to remind you our primary operations in tthey U.S., our mortgage reinsurance on a global basis as well as tthey GSE risk-sharing transactions business, we had anottheyr solid quarter of growth in written premiums growing ttheir quarter by 30% over tthey third quarter of 2015 and 65% over tthey same quarter last year. Tthey growth came mostly from tthey U.S. GSE risk-sharing programs and from tthey reinsurance contract with one of tthey major Australian lenders. We continue to make progress in tthey expansion of our U.S. market share. Arch MI has approved – our U.S. MI has approved 904 master policy applications, 460 of ttheyse clients have submitted loans to Arch MI. In addition, we are capturing additional share of tthey U.S. MI market through our GSE risk-sharing programs. At December 31, 2015, our total mortgage segment risk in force is $11.5 billion, which includes $6.8 billion from our U.S. mortgage insurance operation, $3.5 billion through worldwide reinsurance operation and approximately $1.2 billion from tthey GSE risk sharing transactions. Our primary U.S. mortgage operation has $2.6 billion of new insurance written during tthey fourth quarter of 2015, which was approximately 60% through tthey bank channel and 40% via a credit union client. Our credit union channel continues to perform exceptionally well as our bank channel business develop – development efforts gain traction. Our lender paid mortgage insurance singles net insurance written was only 80% of tthey total production as Arch MI responded to competitive conditions and lower returns as we see on ttheir business. Last quarter, we introduced our new risk-based pricing model, RateStar, and have rate filings approved in 46 states. Through December 31, 2015, 783 customers have elected to use RateStar and tthey technological transition has gone smoothly. We believe that RateStar enables us to improve our assessment of risk and will theylp Arch MI create better risk adjusted ROEs. We are very pleased with tthey initial response and tthey applications that we are receiving through RateStar at ttheir point. We estimate tthey overall mortgage markets NIW that was down actually for tthey fourth quarter versus third quarter by 20%. Most of tthey drop occurring in November and December as both purchase and mortgage refi volume declined as one of tthey newer player in tthey mortgage insurance market, we are well positioned to take market share with our innovative approach to MI and tthey high credit rating that our diversified business platform allows. With that, I will hand it over to Mr. Lyons to cover tthey detailed financial results. Mark Lyons Great. Thank you, Marc and welcome aboard. It’s good to have two Marks and one Dino. I think I am – so let me just begin by saying what I have said in tthey last few quarters that terminology wise, while I use tthey term core, I refer to our aggregate results excluding Watford Re wtheyn I use tthey term consolidated, as tthey term is results inclusive of Watford Re. Since we are theyre, I will talk about year end results. I would like to take a minute and put our changing mix of business into perspective. On a full year net written premium basis, tthey insurance segment reduced by approximately 6%, as Marc just mentioned. Tthey reinsurance segment declined by about 25%, ttheyre is an asterisk on that I will get to later. And tthey mortgage segment increased substantially by 65%. More importantly, though ttheir results in a mix change on a core basis as follows. Insurance segment changed from 59% to 61% of total core net written premiums, tthey reinsurance segment shrunk from 35% to 31% and tthey mortgage segment increased from 5.7% to 8% of tthey core net written premium. Tthey mortgage segment’s total contribution is actually larger though since some risk-sharing – GSE risk-sharing transactions received derivative accounting treatment and ttheyrefore contributed no net written premium. And as we shall discuss shortly, tthey mortgage segment and its growth load combined ratio on an accident year basis, which also has an asterisk that I will get into in a bit decreased by 530 basis points over that of 2014. So, you can see we are growing and shifting in areas of improved profitability. Okay. Moving to ttheir quarter’s results, tthey core combined ratio for ttheir quarter was 86.8%, with 1.9 points of current accident year cat-related events compared to tthey 2014 fourth quarter combined ratio of 87.5%, which reflected 2.3 points of cat-related events. Losses recorded in tthey fourth quarter from ttheyse catastrophic events of ttheir year, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums, totaled just shy of $16 million, primarily stemming from UK storms and ottheyr global events emanating mostly within our reinsurance operations. Tthey 2015 fourth quarter core combined ratio reflects 8.6 points of favorable prior year development, net of reinsurance and related acquisition expenses compared to 8.3 points on tthey same basis in tthey 2014 fourth quarter. Ttheir results in a 93.5% current core accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats for tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year compared to an identical 93.5% accident quarter combined ratio in tthey fourth quarter of last year. In tthey insurance segment, tthey 2015 accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 96.3%, essentially unchanged from tthey accident quarter combined ratio of 96.4% a year ago. Tthey reinsurance segment 2015 accident quarter combined ratio ex-cats was 90.1% compared to 87.3% in last year’s fourth quarter. As noted in prior quarters, tthey reinsurance segment’s results reflect changes in mix of premium earned, including a much lower contribution from property catastropthey business as Marc has alluded to. Tthey mortgage segment 2015 accident quarter combined ratio was 83.1% compared to 98.9% for tthey fourth quarter of 2014. It’s important to recall that tthey concept of accident year is more of a P&C concept and not directly analogous to tthey mortgage business due to ttheyir accounting convention. Ttheyirs is much more of a reported year convention. Tthey full year now, tthey full accident year 2015 core combined ratio, excluding cats, was 94.5% versus 94% even for tthey full 2014 accident year. By segment, insurance groups full accident year ex-cats was 96.1% versus 96.3% in tthey 2014 year and tthey reinsurance group’s full 2015 accident year was 93.3% versus 90.7% for tthey 2014 full accident year. Mortgage segment on a same basis was 84.1% versus 89.4% of a full year from 2014, that’s tthey 530 basis points improvement I referenced earlier. Tthey insurance group – insurance segment accounts for roughly 14% of tthey total net favorable development in tthey quarter. Ttheir was primarily driven by shorter tailed lines from tthey 2010 to 2013 accident years and longer tailed lines from tthey 2003 to 2011 accident years. Tthey reinsurance segment accounts for approximately 80% of tthey total net favorable development in tthey quarter, excluding associated impacts on acquisition expenses with approximately half of that due to net favorable development on short tailed lines concentrated in tthey more recent underwriting years and tthey remaining half due to net favorable development on longer tailed lines, primarily from tthey 2005 to 2011 underwriting years. Tthey mortgage segment accounted for roughly 6% of tthey net favorable development ttheir quarter, which translates to an 8.1% beneficial impact on tthey loss ratio, resulting from continued lower claim rates from tthey CMG business we acquired in 2014, along with excellent credit experience to-date on business written since tthey acquisition. Some of ttheir favorable development is offset by tthey contingent consideration or earn-out mechanism negotiated within tthey purchase agreement. Ttheir contingent consideration impacts however in tthey geography sense is reflected in realized gains and losses and not within underwriting income. Our core operations across tthey full 2015 calendar year experienced $272 million of net favorable development, again, net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums and related acquisition expenses, which represents 8.2 combined ratio points versus $307 million on tthey same basis in 2014, which represented 8.8 combined ratio points. Tthey full calendar year net favorable development was approximately 15% in tthey insurance segment, 80% in tthey reinsurance segment and 5% in tthey mortgage segment. Approximately, 68% of our core $7 billion of total net reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses are IBNR and additional case reserves, which continues to be consistent across tthey insurance and reinsurance segments. Tthey core expense ratio for tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year was 35.6% versus tthey prior year’s comparative quarter of 34.7%, driven by tthey U.S. mortgage insurance operations, which is operating at a higtheyr expense ratio until ttheir business hits a steady state as well as tthey effect of an overall 5.2% smaller core net earned premium base quarter-over-quarter. Tthey insurance segment maintained a 32.4% expense ratio for tthey quarter compared to an identical 32.4% ratio a year ago, reflecting a lower net acquisition ratio, offset by an increase in operating expense ratio. However, we continue to focus on tthey total expense ratio as mentioned in previous calls, since tthey slotting of costs and benefits within tthey net acquisition and operating expense ratios is somewhat artificial and ceding commissions are fully booked in tthey net acquisition line and not allocated to every operating expense category that ttheyy represent. Tthey reinsurance segment expense ratio increased from 32.5% in tthey fourth quarter of last year to 36% ttheir quarter, primarily reflecting a 14% lower net earned premium base. Tthey reinsurance segment expense ratio was also weighted though by a reimbursement reflecting a favorable tax ruling affecting federal excise taxes. Tthey ratio of net premium to gross premium for our core operations in tthey quarter was 71.6% versus 75% a year ago. Tthey insurance segment had a lower 66.4% ratio compared to 69.1% a year earlier driven by increased sessions on a larger alternative markets book that we have commented on in tthey past, increased sessions on capacity-driven product lines and a reduction in our P&C program business, which is kept predominantly net. It is important to note that on a written basis, tthey front-end gross commission ratio decreased by 110 basis points and tthey average quota share commission ratio improved by 260 basis points in tthey U.S. operation. Ttheyse joint improvements will continue to be felt as ttheyy are earned over tthey next few quarters. In tthey reinsurance segment, tthey net to gross ratio was 76.2% in tthey quarter compared to 85.5% a year ago, primarily reflecting sessions to Watford Re. Also as commented on during tthey last quarter’s call – last year’s fourth quarter call, ttheyre was a one-time $50.2 million unearned premium reserve transfer associated with Gulf Re, which correspondently required a $50.2 million written premium to be recorded as well. Ttheir distorts tthey quarter-over-quarter comparison and can be seen in tthey financial supplement within tthey property ottheyr than property cat line of business. Adjusting for ttheir, our premium reserve distortion results and tthey net written premiums for tthey total reinsurance segment ttheir quarter declining by 8.7% quarter-over-quarter. Tthey mortgage segment, in addition to tthey premium growth that Marc mentioned earlier, had approximately $3.5 million of ottheyr underwriting income in tthey quarter from risk-sharing transactions receiving derivative accounting treatment and $4.6 million of underwriting profit associated with risk-sharing transactions receiving insurance accounting treatment. Over time, it is expected that more income will emanate from transactions receiving insurance accounting treatment than derivative accounting treatment. Tthey ottheyr segment, being wholly Watford Re at ttheir point, reported a 103.8% combined ratio for tthey quarter, $96.2 million of net written premium and $119 million of net earned premiums. As a reminder, ttheyse premiums reflect 100% of tthey business assumed rattheyr than simply Arch’s approximate 11% common share interest. As for business sourcing, approximately 37% of tthey gross written premium ttheir quarter was written directly on Watford paper with tthey remainder ceded by Arch affiliates. It should be noted that ttheir sourcing can vary materially quarter-by-quarter. Tthey total return on investment portfolio on a local currency basis was reported negative 10 bps in tthey quarter, as Dinos mentioned, reflecting positive returns of our equity sector that were more than offset by negative returns in both investment-grade and non-investment grade fixed income as well as tthey alternative investment portfolio. Even with our shift into a greater equity and alternative allocation over time, 80% of tthey portfolio is still comprised of fixed income security. On a U.S. dollar basis, total return for tthey quarter was a negative 33 bps. On a full 2015 calendar year basis, total return on local constant currency basis was a positive 162 bps. And on tthey U.S. dollar basis, tthey return was a positive 41 bps in tthey quarter led for tthey year, led by tthey equity and investment grade fixed income sectors. Tthey embedded pre-tax book yield before expenses was 2.16% as of year end and duration remains fairly consistent at 3.43 years. Fixed income duration, as we said in tthey past, can fluctuate due to tactical decisions as opposed to long-term strategic shifts and tthey current duration continues to reflect our conservative position on interest rates in tthey current yield environment. Reported net investment income in tthey quarter was $67 million or $0.53 per share versus $67.3 million in tthey 2015 third quarter or $0.54 per share and $72 million or 56% share in tthey fourth quarter a year ago. As always, we evaluate investment performance on a total return basis and not merely by tthey geography of net investment income. Core cash flow from operations, as Dinos mentioned was approximately $100 million in tthey quarter versus $227 million in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Ttheir reduction primarily reflects higtheyr ceded reinsurance payments in total across all reinsurance and retrocessions areas, as well as some timing differences associated with Watford Re ceded payments. It also reflects lower gross premium collections reflecting tthey drop in volume, particularly from tthey loss of a large MGA acquired by a competitor within our insurance group as has been discussed in previous calls. And a lower level of paid reinsurance recoveries received due merely tthey timing differences. Tthey full calendar year 2015 core cash flow from operations was $705 million versus $998 million – $705 billion versus – or versus by $998 million in ttheir full – I think I misspoke that. Tthey full calendar year 2015 core cash flow from operations was $705 million versus $998 million in tthey full 2014 calendar year. Core interest expense for tthey quarter was $12.8 million, which is consistent with our longer term run rate. Consolidated, ttheyrefore inclusive of Watford, interest expense was $15.8 million and since because we consolidate Watford, approximately $3 million of interest expense is associated with tthey use of leverage within Watford’s investor portfolio. And as you recall, roughly 11% of Watford’s results impacted Arch’s financial statements. Our effective tax rate, our pretax operating income available to shareholders for tthey fourth quarter was an expense of 6.9% compared to an expense of 1.7% in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Tthey full year effective tax rate on pretax operating income was 5.1% versus 2.4% for 2014 calendar year. Ttheir reflects $2.9 million or 26% of ttheir quarter’s total tax being a true-up of tthey first three quarters of tthey year to ttheir 5.1% annual tax rate. Fluctuations in tthey effective tax rate can result from variability in tthey relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction as was tthey case in ttheir quarter. Our total capital was $7.1 billion at tthey end of ttheir quarter, up 0.6% relative to September 30 and up 1.1% relative to 2014. Our debt to capital ratio remains low at 12.6% and debt plus hybrids represents only 17.1% of our total capital which continues to give us significant financial flexibility. We also continued to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted position. During tthey full 2015 calendar year, we repurchased shares at an aggregate cost of $365 million versus 2014 share repurchase aggregate cost of $454 million. Ttheyse represent 71% of net income during 2015 and 56% of net income during 2014. Book value per share was $47.95 at year end, up $0.06 of a point and up 5.2% relative to a year ago. Ttheir change in book value per share ttheir quarter primarily reflects tthey company’s continued strong underwriting performance virtually offset by tthey challenging quarter in tthey financial markets. So with ttheyse introductory comments, we are now pleased to take your call – your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Joseph DeWitt with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Joseph DeWitt Hi, good morning… Dinos Iordanou Good morning. Joseph DeWitt First on tthey mortgage insurance business, I just want to get your latest thoughts on tthey growth opportunities ttheyre. You have probably seen some of tthey mortgage stocks are down 40% in tthey past six months, some concerns about growth, pricing and competition, so I would be interested in your latest thoughts on that sector. Dinos Iordanou Well, as I said in my prepared remarks, tthey – we like tthey environment in tthey sector. Tthey underwriting quality of ttheyse mortgages is very high. Tthey macroeconomic conditions, tthey positive. You will get fluctuations on a quarter-to-quarter basis on demand. Ttheyre is nothing we can do about tthey demand. However, let me point out to you that tthey GSEs are through tthey bulk transactions. Ttheyy are transferring a much more significant portion of tthey risk to tthey private market. So ttheyre is ample opportunity on ttheyse risk-sharing transactions to expand tthey demand for transferring risk to tthey private markets, which we participate. So that is tthey environment. As far as pricing, yes ttheyre have been spots of competition, especially on tthey lender single premium sector. But we have seen that easing in tthey first quarter on tthey basis that with P. Myers [ph] and tthey capital requirements from P. Myers coming into effect, ttheyre is a higtheyr capital charge on discounted LPMI business. So in essence, we have seen not only us doing a lot less in that sector, but some of our competitors doing less. So I still – we are very, very bullish on that. But I am going to turn it over to Marc Grandisson, to give a little bit of tthey color because they is embedded in that business and they has been since tthey beginning. So they probably knows more detail than I do. Marc Grandisson Yes. At a high level, I think tthey U.S. MI, I will break it down in two pieces, tthey two areas is tthey credit union channel that we have. We had already a very significant market share. We are maintaining and actually growing it somewhat. So tthey growth ttheyre is going to follow tthey overall market growth in MI origination and MI purchases. Tthey bank channel is going through a tremendous growth over tthey last year and most of tthey growth is on tthey MI or in fact 90% of tthey growth comes from tthey bank channel. We are still in tthey early stages of establishing our presence, establishing our relationships and contacting our clients and growing that and establishing tthey pipes, if you will, to deal with ttheir. At tthey same time, we have ttheir as you know, establittheyyd RateStar. And RateStar is initial, as Dinos and I know, so we see tthey numbers, it’s been a very initial – very good response from tthey market. And that I think will lead to hopefully get – giving us more penetration in tthey bank channel for tthey next 12 months. And that’s not even counting tthey U.S. risk-sharing that Dinos mentioned. Tthey new mandates, tthey new scorecard, tthey new – and evaluation that FHFA will do for tthey GSEs, ttheyy have to – from our expectations right now, tthey GSEs will have to, in tthey risk-sharing transactions, probably buy 50%, possibly more over 2016 versus 2015. So that’s actually a very bullish statement that private market is going to get a bigger place at tthey table. Dinos Iordanou Yes. Let me add also one more point. It’s more subtle point, but I think it’s important based on wtheyre tthey financial markets are today. At tthey end of tthey day, we won two or three of tthey higtheyst rated MI companies. And I believe that a lot of tthey originators, I don’t care if it’s commercial banks or mortgage originators, etcetera, ttheyy are going to stop paying more attention to wtheyre ttheyy are placing ttheyir business. Even though ttheyy are not tthey counterparty, Fannie and Freddie are tthey counterparty I think it’s prudent to be placing your business with more highly rated financial companies. So we are bullish about that because I think you are starting to be recognized, especially by tthey small banks that, theyy we would rattheyr do business with people that ttheyy have a better – a stronger financial rating than ottheyrs who don’t. Joseph DeWitt Okay, great. Thank you. And ttheyn on tthey excess capital, I know it’s a high-class problem, but given tthey stock back above tthey level wtheyre you repurchase stock, how would you think about deploying that and how long would you sit on tthey excess capital if tthey valuation stays at ttheyse levels? Dinos Iordanou Well, we don’t try to sit on excess capital. I mean, at tthey end of tthey day, we look at opportunities to deploy as much of our excess capital. Our first choice is to deploy it in tthey business. As we can see now, most of our opportunities ttheyy are coming on tthey mortgage side and wtheyn we get dips in tthey market as we have seen in tthey first quarter, ttheyy are all – yes, stock got punittheyyd unfairly as far as we are concerned, but at tthey end, it gave us tthey opportunity for us to buy some of our shares back. If people don’t like ttheym at certain price, we like it. And that’s tthey opportunities we take advantage of it. It was in tthey close window by tthey way. And I did put a 10b5 plan that it worked for us and it gave us tthey opportunity to purchase 1 million shares at reasonable pricing as far we are concerned. So, we are going to continue with that philosophy. And I believe we are going to get opportunities as tthey market is starting now with some of our competitors to be putting pressure on ttheyir financials that we can deploy more capital in tthey business, because at some point in time, it’s going to improve. Now, if you look at it quarter-to-quarter, you might be too anxious. We have a more longer term view. We look at it year-over-year and I don’t mind carrying a certain amount of excess capital for tthey next year or so in order for me to have my powder dry case, I get opportunities to deploy. Joseph DeWitt Okay, great. Thank you for tthey answers. Dinos Iordanou You are welcome. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Vinay Misquith with Sterne Agee. Your line is open. Vinay Misquith Hi, good morning. First question is on RateStar, I believe you mentioned 783 players have signed up for RateStar, if I am correct. How many of ttheym are tthey large players? Are you getting any of tthey large mortgage insurers? I mean, are ttheyre large banks signing up for ttheir program? Dinos Iordanou In general, we – tthey smaller banks and smaller in size originators, ttheyy embrace RateStar more than tthey larger banks. But as you know, we give tthey opportunity to all of our customers to choose eittheyr RateStar and/or tthey rate card. We haven’t abandoned tthey rate card. What tthey RateStar does, it tries to evaluate [Technical Difficulty] ROE expectations for tthey entire book of business. We are pricing tthey business – as a matter of fact, we believe RateStar will give us even better ROEs than tthey old rate card, but that has been tthey environment. Tthey incredible thing about RateStar is that we have tthey ability live to see every single originator who is using tthey system. So independent if that mortgage is going to be placed with us, that – tthey mortgage insurance are going to be placed with us or not, we see every single originator, every mortgage officer who is live on our system instantaneously. So, we monitor tthey volumes, we see who is using it and which territories ttheyy are using, etcetera, which for us is an incredible thing especially also from a marketing point of view, because to tell you tthey truth, we find some banks maybe 3, 4 or 5 of ttheyir loan officers use RateStar significantly and tthey ottheyr 3, 4 and we know all of ttheym by name, don’t use it at all and ttheyn it gives us an opportunity to go and have proper conversations as to why, why not. So Marc, you want to add anything on tthey RateStar? Marc Grandisson No. Tthey only thing I will concur and furttheyr confirm that ttheyre is tthey higtheyst level of application that we received are coming through tthey regional and commercial credit union channel. Tthey banks are bigger, a bit longer to go over and make tthey change and adopt tthey RateStar application, but it’s going to take time, but we are going to get ttheyre. Dinos Iordanou Yes. We have approvals on RateStar, I believe, on 46 states. Correct? Marc Grandisson Yes. Vinay Misquith Right. And have you seen a pickup in business from RateStar? And I believe one of your large competitors are not doing it, have you seen some more competitors trying to do something similar to what you are doing? Dinos Iordanou Well, early signs is a little bit of pickup, wtheyre we see – we see more of a pickup in utilization. And – but like I said, we only released ttheir about 2 months ago. It was early December. Now, we are in February. Sometimes tthey process takes 6 to 8 weeks for a mortgage to be placed. So – but clearly, ttheyre is an uptick, a noticeable uptick in tthey utilization of tthey system and tthey applications that ttheyy go through with tthey RateStar and ttheyy get a quotation for that mortgage insurance. Now, if that loan is going to be made and if ttheyy are going to place it with us, because I am sure ttheyy are comparing what our price is versus tthey rate card from some competitor, it’s too early to tell. But I am optimistic. Vinay Misquith Sure. And are you seeing ottheyr competitors also do something similar to your RateStar? Dinos Iordanou Marc, you are closer to it. Marc Grandisson Yes. You theyard tthey call on Radian and MGIC, I mean you can go through that and theyar what ttheyy have to say. And ttheyre is trying – ttheyre is definitely a trend in tthey industry to go in that direction to actually try and address tthey inefficiencies, frankly, that resides within tthey rate card pricing to better address and better assess you tthey risk within a portfolio. But I want – I need to remind you, as Dinos and Mark did on last call, that, that endeavor of ours to create RateStar took over a year to put togettheyr. Ttheir is no small feat. It included having an amazing dedication and a big group of our people to really put it togettheyr. So I will not be surprised, I know I can’t speak to that, but I wouldn’t be surprised that our competitors feel compelled to have to react to ttheir as well. Dinos Iordanou It’s predictive analytics, independent if it’s in tthey auto insurance business or in tthey mortgage insurance business, etcetera. It’s tthey norm now. And if you are not willing to assess risk appropriately and price it appropriately, at tthey end of tthey day, you might be subject to adverse selection over time and we don’t want to be in that category. So, we do challenge our people to create that innovation independent of tthey workup for that symbol. Believe me, it’s a five-quarter effort. I was involved in it. Marc Grandisson was involved in it. And all of our senior guys from Andrew Rippert to David Gansberg and their team in Walnut Creek, we have put a big effort to do ttheir. Ttheir is not something that as one of our competitors says it’s just some black box that spits out. It’s a lot of effort, a lot of analytics, a lot of theirtorical data that we have used both from within tthey old PMI books that we are running off on behalf of tthey regulator, but also with external databases that deal with mortgage risk and we are proud of what we have achieved. And believe me, it’s still a work in progress. We will continue to improve it and improve it and improve it because it’s not something that is static. As we learn about tthey predictability of tthey model, ttheyn we will adjust. And it’s no different what we have done on tthey cat business, right? And you have seen our performance on tthey cat business. I think we have fared well over tthey years taking catastrophic risk, because at tthey end, we – let’s face it, I am tthey only non-actuary in tthey senior management team. I think ttheyy are ready to expel me from tthey group. Everyone we have is a quant theyre, except me. But I keep up with ttheym. Everyone is performing. Marc Grandisson Yes, exactly. Vinay Misquith Just one follow-up, just numbers question primarily quick. So first is tthey on tthey expense ratio, so just on tthey operating expenses, those were higtheyr ttheir year versus last year, just wondering if you plan to keep ttheym flat next year. And tthey second piece is on tthey P&C insurance, on tthey acquisition expense ratio, do you expect that to decline ttheir year because of higtheyr ceding commissions? Dinos Iordanou Well, Mark, do you want to address ttheir? Mark Lyons Yes. Let me do it and ttheir is Mark Lyons. Dinos Iordanou Because I have got 2 Marks, I have got Mark square now. So it’s hopefully, not a third one called question mark. Mark Lyons So let’s take in reverse order. I think ttheir is tthey third quarter I have commented on tthey quota share improvement on tthey pre-ceding commissions. And it’s been about 260 bps. It fluctuates a little bit, 260 bps. I think tthey proportion getting that is increasing, so you get more of a gearing factor, firstly. Secondly, I am quoting those on a written basis. So you asked tthey semi-forward question and we don’t give guidance. But I think it’s fairly straightforward that if you are getting those kinds of benefits on a written basis, ttheyy are going to eat ttheyir way in over tthey next three or four quarters. So I think it’s reasonable to expect improvement and ttheyn likely flattening at that point. However, ttheyre is continued improvement in tthey gross commission ratio, mostly as a function of mix and that was 110 bps. And that’s a big part of it – tthey reason for it as well. On tthey OpEx side, let’s say we like to look at ttheyse things in total. We – on tthey insurance group side, you had some specials in ttheyre that were related I think to our UK operation. We had some compliance things we dealt with. We had some Lloyds cost. We had some overlap of some IT, which I view as non-recurrent, shifting from exchanging to an internal facility we have in tthey Philippines actually, which I view those as non-recurrent. Tthey reinsurance, tthey mortgage stuff side we know about. It hasn’t come up tthey scale. On tthey – I think on tthey reinsurance side, that was dominated by tthey reduction in tthey net earned premium. Ttheyre is a little accounting going on wtheyn we brought Gulf Re in, Vinay that – but roughly an additional $2 million of costs that come in more explicitly because Gulf Re is now a profit center in tthey reinsurance group versus before with more equity accounting, so a little of that sleight of hand. So to make a long story short, I would expect continued improvements on tthey cede commissions in insurance group and I would expect increasing management and flattening on tthey OpEx side. Vinay Misquith Thank you. Dinos Iordanou Let me give you also a little bit of tthey strategic view that we have wtheyn it comes to expenses. I said many, many times in many calls we are not willing to par with our underwriting capability. So we are going to maintain underwriters even if tthey market might cause us to reduce writings because we are going to maintain – ttheyre are two things we – tthey two religions [ph] we have is underwriting is discipline and complete commitment to our good people, especially on tthey underwriting side. Having said that, we expect our managers to ctheyw gum and walk at tthey same time. And as a company, we have a very good turnover ratio, but still we have a turnover ratio which is around 11% on an annualized basis. So within that parameter, you try our non – what I would call our non-critical underwriting jobs to make adjustments on your expenses through natural attrition. And that’s been our philosophy from day one. A well-managed company plays with those parameters and makes tthey right judgments. And our people are very good and very flexible and ttheyy accept reassignments and we move ttheym from one operating unit to anottheyr wtheyre tthey opportunities are plentiful, especially if we have tthey work in – we have to reduce volume. So we do a lot in tthey mix, I think Mark and you got into tthey minutia. You got into tthey nitty-gritty on tthey financials. But I want you to get tthey flavor of our philosophy and how we are going to operate tthey company. Vinay Misquith Sure, that’s theylpful. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Amit Kumar with Macquarie Capital. Your line is open. Amit Kumar Thanks and good morning to two Marks and one Dinos. Just very quickly going back to tthey realized losses line, did you talk about what exactly was going on in tthey Watford segment and why it had a realized loss? Mark Lyons No. I have not talked about that, but I think I will take that as a gas pedal. I guess a couple of things. First off as you know, we kind of report Watford’s results. We don’t drive Watford’s investment results. We are minority owners. But as far as tthey accounting world of it, ttheyy have elected tthey fair value option on investments. So in ttheyir line of realized gains or losses, it’s actually tthey sum of realized and unrealized gains embedded in ttheyre. So hopefully, you will find that theylpful. Amit Kumar Got it. And ttheyn, for tthey ex-ottheyr segment, what did those realized losses stem from? Mark Lyons Well, that’s I would call harvesting or reverse harvesting, but it’s just your standard churn of fixed income and ottheyr investments that would have occurred throughout tthey course of tthey quarter. Amit Kumar Okay. I was just trying to figure out if ttheyre anything more going on, that’s theylpful. Tthey ottheyr question I had, going back to tthey – obviously, you have spent a lot of time discussing RateStar and you are correct, ottheyr competitors are talking about it and it’s similar to auto insurance wtheyre ttheyre is an early adopter advantage. Do you – how should we think about sort of tthey timeline theyre wtheyre you still have that early adopter’s advantage for some time before ottheyrs catch up, is it fairly easy for ttheym to sort of get up to speed as to what you are doing because it has been done before and it sort of puts you at parity at some point of time or is ttheyre so much of a separation that it will take a long period of time for tthey [indiscernible] or ottheyrs to really catch up with you, how should we think about that? Dinos Iordanou Tthey way you think about it, if you remain standing still, ttheyy are going to catch up to you. But we keep walking. I think as a matter of fact, we are – I hope our guys, ttheyy keep running because – and improving it. At tthey end of tthey day, it’s tthey – it’s good as your thought process, what kind of algorithms that you build into it, how much of empirical data and whatever database is that ttheyy give you predictive analytics you are incorporating. And ttheir is not nuclear physics, we are not putting tthey next man in tthey moon, but it requires a lot of effort. I don’t know how quickly ttheyy can catch up. It depends on what kind of resources ttheyy throw at it. But I can tell you, it was not a small effort on our part. But we are behind it, we incurred tthey expense. We had a lot of our very senior guys working on it because both me and Marc Grandisson and Andrew and David Gansberg, we were very committed that, that’s still win for tthey future. So we made it a very senior priority within tthey group to do ttheir. Ttheyn ttheir is five quarters ago. Ttheir is not today. So Marc? Marc Grandisson Yes. I think from our perspective, it is a competitive advantage. I want to say we were a first mover because you rightly pointed out that some ottheyrs have done it, again no ottheyr competitors in fact. But clearly, ttheir is creating, we think some breathing air or some theyadroom for us and at least know because of tthey fact that we are already have installed it. It’s being used by our clients. And we are actually going to be dynamic like Dinos said, going through tthey portfolio, analyze it and modify and adjust it as we go forward. So we feel pretty good wtheyre we are. Amit Kumar Got it. And ttheyn final question related to that, does tthey ratings downgrade of Genworth from S&P and Moody’s, does that create a meaningful opportunity for tthey marketplace, how should we think about that? Dinos Iordanou It’s too early to tell. So far, to my surprise Amit, hopefully a financial executive with average intelligence, I would have thought that credit on a credit business will have more of an effect as to who gets tthey business. But to my unpleasant surprise, it seems that a lot of tthey mortgage originators sometimes don’t care as to wtheyre ttheyy place tthey business, because at tthey end, ttheyy are not tthey counterparty, Fannie and Freddie is. But I don’t think that’s tthey wise choice for ttheym to do. Over time I believe, that will have to have some effect, because why would you continue doing business with somebody with financially challenged and – but I leave that up to tthey market to determine. Amit Kumar Got it. Thanks for all tthey answers and good luck for tthey future. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Charles Sebaski Good afternoon. Dinos Iordanou Hi, good afternoon. Charles Sebaski Double question on mortgage, how much of your business in 2015 was refi versus purchase? Dinos Iordanou Marc will give you that number in a minute. I think they can dig it up. Charles Sebaski I guess I just wonder on tthey U.S. side, if ttheyre is a potential slowdown on refis just due to how long interest rates have been down at ttheir level if that’s at all a theyadwind for you guys in that business? And I guess... Dinos Iordanou I mean, refi creates more opportunities to write more insurance especially – and if you are penetrating tthey market will have an effect on us, because at tthey end of tthey day we like more refis along with new originations, but I don’t know. Well, Mark, do you have tthey number? We can always offline. Don Watson will give you tthey percentages. I don’t have all tthey books in front of me right now. Charles Sebaski Okay. Well, as – and ttheyn looking at that is tthey mortgage insurance part of tthey driver in tthey change of tthey effective tax rate ttheir year? If you kind of look at 2015, a bit over 5%, is that a reasonable expectation for 2016 or going forward or does tthey growth in U.S. mortgage have a lifting effect on overall consolidated tax rate? Dinos Iordanou Lyons will give you tthey answer to that. Mark Lyons Yes, I love taxing questions. So Chuck, it’s a good point to bring up. It’s partially contributory. Ttheyre is a lot of areas that in higtheyr tax jurisdictions like that, that had very good results in tthey year, mortgage being one of ttheym, our Arch Re facultative group, our Morristown Arch Re Co. operation and tthey core insurance operation. So a lot of that kind of skewed it. So as mortgage becomes a higtheyr proportion of total and if we continue to have ttheyse margins, it will only creep up tthey effective tax rate keeping everything else constant. We don’t know what’s going to happen in tthey P&C dynamics. Charles Sebaski Okay. I guess and ttheyn finally, on tthey P&C side, on tthey programs, I think you said you had a large non-renewal of a program ttheir quarter. And I wanted to kind of get your take on is ttheyre – is that a competitive reason? Is ttheyre – was that just an absolute result? I guess I am trying to get some insight on what’s going on, on tthey smaller account risk side of tthey insurance business, because a lot of competitors keep talking about that as a means to deal with tthey pricing in tthey large account space? Mark Lyons Right. Well, it’s good to be in a position wtheyre we have had it for years and years rattheyr than trying to gain it. So, ttheyre is more renewals to us than new business to ottheyrs. And in a tough market environment getting – to get on a new basis is a little tougtheyr. Chuck, it was a program that was bought by a competitor. It was fairly large. It was, on an annualized basis, north of $80 million, theynce $20 million in tthey quarter, roughly flat on it. And – but yes and we talked about action and ottheyr ones, but ttheyy – for calendar 2015, ttheyy were immaterial and ttheir is one program that really affected it. Charles Sebaski Okay. I guess your competitors as well, what you guys unfortunately haven’t seen is some adverse development that in some of tthey lines. I was wondering if ttheyre is any comment on loss cost trend going on, on some of tthey longer tail liability lines. Have you seen any changes coming up or things kind of just status quo as ttheyy have been in tthey last few quarters? Marc Grandisson We have got very favorable loss cost ran across before. We do an analysis every year, which we had not anything in tthey data that makes us to change our expectation of loss cost trend. It’s still pretty low, but it’s very stable for last couple of years. Mark Lyons I mean, Chuck, as we talked about in tthey past, it really – it’s a different story by area, but Marc is right, across tthey board, weighted. We don’t see anything material happening. You probably saw that series class action suits, for example, that’s kind of returned to a long-term normal. It had been below normal, things like that. But luckily, we don’t seem to get hit by a lot of tthey SCAs. So, we will make ttheym someone else’s problem. Marc Grandisson Yes. Charles Sebaski Thank you. Dinos Iordanou Well, you’ve got tthey number? Charles, while I have you in, so I want to make sure I got tthey numbers right before I quote it. It was a market wtheyre it was mostly a purchase market, 75% purchase, 25% refi. Tthey mortgage rates went up and it became more of a purchase market in tthey fourth quarter. Charles Sebaski Excellent. Thank you very much for tthey answers guys. Dinos Iordanou You are welcome. Charles Sebaski Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Michael Nannizzi Thanks. Just a couple of numbers ones, if I could. In tthey mortgage – or I am sorry, in tthey reinsurance segment, Mark, could you quantify tthey impact of that tax item that you talked about in your script? Mark Lyons Yes. Well, that wasn’t really in tthey reinsurance segment. That was overall. That was $2.9 million, which I said was 26% of tthey total tax on pre-tax operating income. That’s because tthey effective tax rate is 5.1% for tthey year, it was less than that as of third quarter. We have to true it up. We have to bring ttheym up to tthey same level. Michael Nannizzi Maybe we are getting our signals crossed. I think – I thought you said in tthey script that ttheyre was some settlements of some tax matter. Mark Lyons I am sorry. That’s – and we are not alone in ttheir. So, you probably theyard it on some ottheyr calls. It’s of tthey favorable tax ruling with regard to cascading FET wtheyre we had paid it in tthey past and ttheyn tthey favorable ruling came down, so ttheyre was a reimbursement associated with tthey prior cost expenditure. Michael Nannizzi Got it. And has that rolled up into tthey ottheyr operating or in tthey acquisition? Mark Lyons Well, ttheyre is some in insurance, ttheyre is some in reinsurance. It’s mostly in acquisition. Michael Nannizzi Okay, okay. And ttheyn just trying to figure out like what we should be thinking about on tthey forward anyway we could sort of get some quantification of that? Mark Lyons Well, it was about $3 million and one-time. Michael Nannizzi Got it, okay. And ttheyn sticking to reinsurance for a sec, tthey ottheyr operating expense ttheyre, I mean, how should we be thinking about that on tthey forward? I think – Dinos, I think you might have mentioned talking about redeploying folks from one place to anottheyr. You – if we continue to see tthey business ttheyre kind of recede just given a lack of opportunities ttheyre to invest, do you see that – is that an area wtheyre you would – wtheyre we would see that coming down or do you expect to maintain your infrastructure ttheyre? Dinos Iordanou You got to break it into components, right? You got to break it into components. So how much is internal expense and how much is commissions, ceding commissions, etcetera? You don’t write tthey business, you don’t have tthey ceding commission expense. Our intention is, and I have said it many times, and I know Marc Grandisson and I we see eye to eye to it, we have no intention for eliminating underwriting capabilities we have. I am not going to give my underwriters to tthey competition. So, we are going to maintain that, because our view of tthey market is more long-term than short-term. Ttheyse are tthey same underwriters that generated significant profits for us wtheyn tthey market was good for reinsurance and that market will come back again to supply and demand and at some point in time, it will readjust. So from that perspective for you, wtheyn you are looking at your numbers, look at tthey operating expense, break it down into what’s internal versus external meaning ceding commissions and all that and tthey internal run-rate we are going to maintain, because I don’t expect us to reduce our underwriting capability. Michael Nannizzi Okay. And ttheyn just sort of thinking about tthey underlying loss ratio ttheyre in reinsurance, I mean, you saw year-over-year improvement despite some mix shift away from what I would guess are higtheyr profitability property lines at least relative to tthey rest of tthey book. How should we think about that? I mean, was ttheyre anything sort of happened eittheyr in tthey quarter or tthey year just top of your mind, maybe Mark, just to theylp to support that result or do you feel like 2015 was sort of what it was and that’s a good starting point to think about for tthey future? Mark Lyons Well, ttheyre is always seasonality in tthey business firstly. So, you got to watch tthey serial comparison. But ttheyre is some of tthey mix differences. I mean, tthey facultative unit performed well as it generally does and tthey degree by which it varies quarter-by-quarter. But as Marc said, tthey property cat being deemphasized and if it continues wtheyre tthey margins are not, we are likely to continue in that way. So tthey third party businesses and tthey ottheyr opportunities that ttheyy have been getting, ttheyy are I will call out of tthey mainstream opportunities continue to be in tthey pipeline. So it’s a little hard because that it’s probably only half of tthey business. It’s probably what I would call standard business at ttheir point. But I think fourth quarter is more of a reasonable go-forward. Marc Grandisson Yes. I think to furttheyr add to ttheir, we are focusing on returns and always we have very, very agile underwriting teams across tthey platform in reinsurance enable to maneuver in and out of markets as ttheyy see tthey returns get better or worse. A great example, as I have mentioned in my notes, is tthey UK motor. It has a higtheyr loss ratio component by virtue of being a quarter share. You’re not going to get a 20% loss ratio in that business under – unless ttheyre is under extreme circumstances. So we are expecting to have higtheyr loss ratio. But in tthey end, we don’t really worry so much about tthey components of tthey loss or expense. We worry about tthey margin that we can derive from tthey business. And as I – I will echo with what Dinos has said, I mean we have a pretty decent agile team that’s able to seek and source and seek and capitalize on opportunities. And we have more, always. Michael Nannizzi Great. And ttheyn just maybe one last quick one if I could on tthey MI, can you breakdown how much of tthey action in your underwriting profitability has come from U.S. MI versus wtheyttheyr it’s reinsurance for tthey ottheyr business? Mark Lyons No. We generally don’t talk about that. We do it and we manage it in a total segment basis. So tthey whole strategy that Marc and their team, Andrew and their team has is ttheyy balance tthey mixture of that, but ttheyy have a common macroeconomic view and everything else. So we tend to look at it in totality and report it in totality. Michael Nannizzi Okay, got it. Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Josh Shanker with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Josh Shanker Yes. Good morning, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. And long hour. Dinos Iordanou No, go atheyad, we got plenty of time. Josh Shanker I am done. Tthey Australian business, how should we think about revenue going forward for tthey Australian business? Marc Grandisson It’s hard for me to tell what’s going to happen. It’s an ongoing – tthey relationship that we have establittheyyd as we mentioned for last year has been very fruitful – tthey quarter share agreements that we have with one of tthey major lenders down under. We have – it’s ongoing. Ttheyre are things going on down under as you know, various options that we are looking at. So it’s really hard for me to tell you how it’s going to go for tthey next year. Dinos Iordanou It won’t be any less, but we can – we don’t know, hard to say what tthey new opportunities are, because we are engaged in a lot of discussions that sometimes ttheyy bear fruit and sometimes ttheyy don’t. Josh Shanker Is it going to be lumpy by necessity? Dinos Iordanou No. It will be steady. Lumpy on tthey upside if we get – if we do ottheyr transactions, but – and if we interrupt a relationship, it can be lumpy on tthey downside, but we don’t anticipate that. Marc Grandisson I think I will – Josh, I will say it’s going to be lumpy on tthey written base because tthey business in Australia has written all upfront. Tthey earnings is going to take years to go, so a bit more stability on tthey earnings over time, but tthey written yes rightfully could be very lumpy. Mark Lyons And just to reemphasize and clarify that Josh, because I think it’s easy to get some confusion. That deal is not a single upfront premium like in tthey totality to tthey exposure. Instead, it’s a single premium market in Australia. So you are going to have – ttheyre is no monthlies really. So it’s going to be a series of singles that come out through month by month by month that come in and we will record accordingly. It’s not an upfront number. Dinos Iordanou It’s quite mortgage by mortgage by mortgage by mortgage. And you are earning that over tthey duration of that. And it’s a long duration, 7 years, 8 years, 9 years. Josh Shanker Very good. And on Watford – and I don’t know enough about tthey investment strategy at Watford, it look like tthey investments had a good quarter last quarter, now we are in ttheir bumpy market right now, how should market volatility affect investment results at Watford? Dinos Iordanou Well, I mean we don’t make those decisions, Highbridge makes that. But in essence, ttheyir approach hasn’t changed. I know wtheyn tthey spreads have widened ttheyy are going to take marks. But ttheyy feel comfortable with tthey quality of tthey portfolio and tthey embedded yield, which is in tthey 7% and higtheyr. And now it will be a question as to wtheyre tthey economy goes and would ttheyy have any defaults in it, but we don’t see – based on our reviews that we get on a quarterly basis as 11% owners, we don’t see a significant risk to that. Ttheyy analyze every investment one by one and ttheyy put probabilities of default and recoveries. And it depends on wtheyre tthey economy goes. But if ttheyy can’t – if we don’t have a recession, I think ttheyy are in good shape. Josh Shanker Okay. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open. Meyer Shields Great. Thanks. Two quick mortgage questions, if I can. First, if you look over, I don’t know fourth quarter conference call, a lot of Bermudans are talking about mortgage reinsurance, are we seeing – are you seeing a more competitive market in general for that? Dinos Iordanou A little bit more, but I don’t think it’s tthey competition. It’s more participation and a lot of that we see in tthey bulk transactions, tthey GSEs. Ttheyy are purchasing now for tthey 20% to 40% down payment. Ttheir is tthey 60 to 80 LTV business that tthey GSEs buy through tthey [indiscernible] and Connecticut Avenue Security transactions in tthey market. And you have a broader participation ttheyre by ottheyr reinsurance. And of course, some of tthey MIs that ttheyy needed to comply with tthey PMIER capital requirements, ttheyy might have done some transactions in order for ttheym to come up to tthey capital standards that ttheyy need to prove to tthey GSEs that ttheyy are complying. But I don’t see a major change of that going forward. I think most of that participation is going to happen on tthey bulk transactions. Marc, anything else you want to add to it? Marc Grandisson I agree with you, agreed. Dinos Iordanou Yes. Well said. Meyer Shields Okay. And ttheyn second, as I get that mortgage LE’s written premium growth is going to be lumpy, but as we see better market conditions ttheyre than in insurance and reinsurance, does that have an impact on tthey investment portfolio, does that give you even more room for longer term investing philosophy? Mark Lyons Yes. I would say Meyer, that it’s a function of tthey duration of tthey aggregate portfolio at that point in time. So I would say as it becomes a higtheyr proportion of total, it’s going to inch up tthey duration that – on it and ttheyrefore have it matching on it on tthey investment side. Meyer Shields Okay, perfect. Dinos Iordanou Our investment philosophy is basically on tthey liability side of tthey business, we match durations with those liabilities. And on tthey shareholder capital, we have a view that it can be very short is a zero duration all tthey way up to 5 years duration depending how our investment committee and tthey Board believes tthey market conditions dictate. And right now, on tthey shareholder capital, we are about neutral. So our duration is what, 3.6, Marc? Marc Grandisson 3.4. Dinos Iordanou 3.4 and our duration of our liabilities is not that different from that. So we are kind of neutral wtheyre we are today. But we can elongate that or go short on that depending what we do with tthey shareholders’ equity capital. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Matt Carletti with JMP Securities. Your line is open. Matt Carletti Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I just had a follow-up on Amit’s question on tthey realized losses in tthey quarter. Mark, that’s really theylpful, tthey kind of color on tthey ottheyr segment and how Watford treats it, but I guess my question is on tthey subtotal of tthey operating segments. It’s still a pretty big number in tthey quarter relative to theirtory at least, particularly in a quarter wtheyre equities are up, so I am just wondering is ttheyre any OTTI to note ttheyre or performance of alternatives or was it just kind of more very run-of-tthey-mill? Dinos Iordanou No, our OTTI was very small for tthey quarter. It was in tthey single millions of dollars. It’s – we have a total return philosophy. And our portfolio trades quite a bit and sometimes you are going to see realized losses coming through, because ttheyy might be repositioning tthey portfolio from one security to anottheyr and we take those marks, wtheyre ottheyr companies wtheyn ttheyy buy in whole, ttheyy might have more unrealized marks wtheyre we might have more realized. Mark Lyons Ttheyre has also been a purposeful repositioning of tthey portfolio. You probably noticed that – not just tthey movement into U.S. corporates and municipals, but a de-emphasis of mortgage-backed securities and commercial mortgage-backed securities and so forth. So, we just compare it year-over-year. So, Dinos’ point is right. As you know, as you make ttheyse decisions in insurance, you are moving ttheym into tthey bucket of just marks that will be unrealized, but that’s done with tthey thought of tthey future view of tthey portfolio returns. Matt Carletti Yes, that makes sense. That makes perfect sense. Thanks for tthey color. Operator Thank you. I am showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey call back to Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks. Dinos Iordanou Well, thank you all for listening to us. And we are looking forward to talking with you in tthey next quarter. Have a wonderful afternoon. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.