Arch Capital Group Ltd (NASDAQ:ACGL) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call April 28, 2022 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Marc Grandisson - Chief Executive Officer Francois Morin - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Conference Call Participants Jimmy Bhullar - J.P. Morgan Tracy Benguigui - Barclays Josh Shanker - Bank of America Ryan Tunis - Autonomous Meyer Shields - KBW Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets Yaron Kinar - Jefferies Brian Meredith - UBS Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Michael Phillips - Morgan Stanley Disclaimer*: Ttheir transcript is designed to be used alongside tthey freely available audio recording on ttheir page. Timestamps within tthey transcript are designed to theylp you navigate tthey audio should tthey corresponding text be unclear. Tthey machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide. Operator 00:04 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey First Quarter 2022 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. 00:29 Before tthey company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on ttheir call may constitute forward-looking statements under tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on tthey risks and ottheyr factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by tthey company with tthey SEC from time-to-time. 01:03 Additionally, certain statements contained in tthey call that are not based on theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Tthey company intends tthey forward-looking statements in tthey call to be subject to tthey safe harbor created ttheyreby. 01:19 Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. Tthey reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in tthey company's current report on Form 8-K furnittheyyd to tthey SEC yesterday, which contains tthey company's earnings press release and is available on tthey company's website. 01:37 I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin. Marc Grandisson 01:45 Thank you very much. Good morning, and welcome to Arch's earnings call for tthey first quarter of 2022. Arch delivered a strong first quarter, as our dynamic capital allocation and cycle management strategy combined with strong underwriting skills delivered a 13.6% annualized operating ROE. Ttheir past quarter provided yet anottheyr reminder that we live in a world of uncertainty. Tthey war in Ukraine has affected countless lives and initiated a humanitarian crisis that is still unfolding and tthey pandemic continues now into year three. 02:23 In addition to tthey war in Ukraine, global inflation and supply chain issues puttheyyd interest rates up, which in turn led to investment markdowns in tthey quarter. In spite of ttheyse theyadwinds for our industry, we demonstrated tthey effectiveness of our diversified platform as: one, we grew premium above market average again. Two, repurchased 5.6 million shares; and three, generated a strong operating ROE. Our objective remains as always to deliver long-term value for our shareholders using all tthey levers available to us. 03:06 Tthey underlying fundamentals of our businesses continue to improve as we benefit from better market conditions in tthey P&C industry and execute our cycle management strategy wtheyre we actively allocate capital to tthey most attractive sectors of our business. Our P&C operations generated $2.3 billion of net written premium in tthey quarter, which represents an increase of 18% from tthey same quarter in 2021 and speaks to our confidence in tthey improving underwriting conditions in our P&C operations. 03:44 Mortgage insurance contributed substantial underwriting profit in tthey quarter and insurance in force grew modestly again highlighting that mortgage remains a positive differentiator of our business model. Now, inflation is top of mind for everyone in tthey P&C industry, which to its credit has theirtorically been adequately respond to inflation trends. Inflation is not a new ptheynomenon and in fact it permeates discussions in evaluating claims all tthey time in an insurance company. 04:21 As such, our focus is always on proactively incorporating new data into our reserving and pricing. We believe that ttheir focus in addition to increased future investment returns and reserving prudently will theylp mitigate inflation's impact. As far as our mortgage business is concerned, inflation mainly has a positive effect, as it increases homeowner equity, which again mitigates potential losses. 04:51 I'll now share a few highlights from our segments. Across most lines our P&C units remained in a growth phase of tthey underwriting cycle according to falling rates insurance clock. In tthey quarter, our P&C net premiums earned grew by 25% over tthey first quarter of 2021, as we continue to earn in tthey rate increases of tthey past 24-months. Our data indicates that we are still experiencing average rate increases in excess of expected loss cost. 05:25 In Specialty Insurance, underwriting conditions remain very good, as pricing discipline, terms and conditions and limits management are stable across most markets. Ttheir stability combined with tthey uncertainties, I mentioned at tthey beginning of ttheir call should theylp keep tthey market discipline and sustain rate increases. 05:46 Our specialty business in Lloyds and our UK regional business delivered strong growth in tthey quarter as our European insurance operations now represent 30% of Arch insurances total net written premium, up from 20% pre-pandemic. We are pleased to see tthey positive results of tthey investments we made into ttheir platform prior to 2020. 06:11 We also created meaningful growth across our U.S. operations in tthey quarter, primarily in professional liability, including cyber, as well as travel wtheyre we believe relative returns are attractive. On tthey reinsurance side of our business, tthey emphasis remains on quarter share treaties over excess of loss reinsurance. Ttheir allows Arch to participate in tthey rate increases on primary insurance, while improving tthey balance between tthey risk and tthey return. 06:42 Overall in our Reinsurance Group, growth opportunities remains strong. Since it's been a talking point on prior calls, it’s worth noting that although property cat rates have improved in response to elevated loss activity in tthey past few years, we have remained disciplined and have not allocated material additional capital to ttheir line as we maintain our view that ottheyr lines of business have better risk-adjusted returns. 07:10 Turning now to tthey mortgage segment, which once again delivered excellent underwriting results as we continue to benefit from strong housing demand and excellent credit conditions. Delinquency rates on our MI portfolio continue to trend to a theirtorically low levels and cures on delinquent mortgages in our portfolio resulted in favorable prior development in tthey quarter. 07:35 Tthey increase in mortgage interest rates currently at 5% for 30-year fixed-rate mortgages is a steeper rise, ttheyn we have seen in decades. Ttheyse higtheyr rates have dramatically curtailed refinancing. However, our MI business is far more geared to tthey purchase market, which continues to benefit from strong demand and limited housing supply. Of note, tthey decline in refinancing activity improves persistency which in turn should improve returns on our in-force portfolio. 08:07 While tthey rise in mortgage rates may ultimately cool demand and slow tthey rapid home price appreciation of tthey last year. So far, we have yet to see demand weaken and we expect home prices to continue to rise, albeit at a slower pace. Again, as mentioned earlier, rising home prices increase equity for homeowners, which ultimately reduces tthey risk of claim in mortgage insurance. So our perspective is that ttheir expected future equity buildup and tthey strong credit profiles of borrowers should strengttheyn tthey resilience of our in-force mortgage portfolio. 08:44 Moving forward, our diversified platform and cycle management philosophy, will enable our MI team to continue to make measured responsible decisions with our capital. Our MI Group has tthey flexibility to grow or moderate tthey business ttheyy choose to right based on ttheyir view of market conditions. 09:02 A few brief notes on investments, were net investment income was down from last quarter, as we reduced risk positions primarily equities given increasing market volatility. Rising interest rates also caused mark-to-market losses in tthey quarter. However, tthey relatively short duration of our investment portfolio, as well as our theyalthy cash flow will naturally allow us to reinvest at higtheyr interest rates, which should be reflected in future quarters. 09:30 In closing even with current uncertainties, opportunities exist. In tthey quarter, Arch was able to deliver strong results with positive growth across its businesses and we're well-positioned to sustain our growth trajectory in ttheir favorable P&C market. We've consistently demonstrated our ability to allocate capital effectively to tthey areas of our business with tthey most attractive returns. As you know, with Arch, we are constantly looking for and seizing tthey opportunities that offer tthey best returns for our shareholders. Francois? Francois Morin 10:06 Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today. As Marc shared earlier our P&C units remained on ttheyir path of underlying margin improvement, while tthey Mortgage Group delivered anottheyr quarter of strong underlying performance, which was supplemented by solid cure activity in ttheyir insured loan portfolio. Overall our results translated into an after-tax operating income of $1.10 per share for tthey quarter and an annualized operating return on average common equity of 13.6%. 10:42 In tthey insurance segment net written premium grew 21.3% over tthey same quarter one year ago. Growth was particularly strong within our professional liability and travel business units and was achieved both in North America and internationally. Underwriting performance was excellent with an accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats of 90.8%, a 250 basis point improvement over tthey same quarter one year ago. 11:12 Similar to last quarter, a change in our business mix as a result of more pronounced growth in lines of business with lower loss ratios theylps explain some of tthey 470 basis point improvement we observed in our underlying loss ratio. Ttheir benefit was slightly offset by a higtheyr acquisition expense ratio. Increased contingent commission accruals on profitable business and lower levels of ceded business for lines with higtheyr ceding commission offsets also slightly increased tthey expense ratio. 11:46 As we have said before, our focus remains on improving our expected returns through a variety of levers. And we are encouraged to see that our efforts are paying off for our shareholders. In tthey reinsurance segment, it's worth mentioning that reinsurance agreements that were put in place at tthey time of tthey closing of tthey Somers acquisition in tthey third quarter of last year made comparisons from tthey current to prior periods imperfect. For example, while our reported growth in net written premium remained solid at 14% on a quarter-over-quarter basis, it would have been 26.6% after adjusting for tthey Somers session. Tthey growth came primarily in our casualty and ottheyr specialty lines wtheyre rate increases, new business opportunities and growth in existing accounts theylp increase tthey top line. 12:40 Tthey segment produced an ex-cat accident year combined ratio of 82.7%, an excellent result, as we continue to enjoy theyalthy underwriting conditions in most of tthey lines we write. Losses from first quarter catastrophic events, net of reinsurance to recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $85.8 million or 4.0 combined ratio points, compared to 10.5 combined ratio points in tthey first quarter of 2021. Approximately two-thirds of tthey estimated losses came from tthey Russia invasion of Ukraine with tthey rest coming from ottheyr global natural catastropthey events including tthey Australian floods. 13:26 Our mortgage segment had an excellent quarter with a combined ratio of 3.1%, due in large part to favorable prior year development of $105.6 million. In line with last quarter's results net premiums earned decreased on a sequential basis, due to a combination of higtheyr levels of ceded premiums a lower level of earnings from single premium policy terminations and reduced US primary mortgage insurance monthly premiums, primarily from recent originations, which remain of excellent credit quality. 14:04 Production levels were down slightly from last quarter, but certainly in line with seasonal trends and new purchases and diminishing refinancing opportunities for borrowers. As we have discussed on prior calls, one of tthey benefits of higtheyr interest rates as an improving persistency rate, which now stands at 66.9% and should continue to increase throughout 2022. Ultimately, higtheyr persistency benefits our insurance in-force and should result in a stable base of premium income to theylp drive underwriting income for tthey rest of tthey year and beyond. 14:40 With respect to claim activity, approximately three quarters of tthey favorable claims development came from our first lien insured portfolio at USMI as we benefited from better than expected cure activity mostly related to tthey 2020 accident year. Tthey remainder of tthey favorable development came from recoveries on second lien loans and better-than-expected claim development in our CRT portfolio in our International MI operations. 15:08 We maintain a prudent approach in setting loss reserves in light of tthey uncertainty we are facing with borrowers exiting forbearance programs and moratoriums on foreclosures. Income from operating affiliates stood at $24.5 million and was generated from good results across our various investments, including Coface, Somers Re and Premium. 15:32 Total investment return for our investment portfolio was a negative 3.07% on a U.S. dollar basis for tthey quarter, which explains tthey decrease in our book value per share to $32.18 at March 31st down 4.1% in tthey quarter. Tthey decrease was primarily due to tthey mark-to-market impact for our available for sale fixed maturities portfolio, resulting in a $1.55 hit to our book value per share. 16:02 Ttheir quarter, tthey meaningful increase in interest rates and negative returns in tthey equity markets contributed to tthey negative total return. As you know, we are maintaining a relatively short duration in our investment portfolio for some time and ttheir strategy theylp temper tthey mark-to-market hit to book value in tthey first quarter. While still relatively short, we have extended our duration slightly to 2.93 years at tthey end of tthey quarter in order to get closer to our duration target. 16:31 Tthey change in net investment income ttheir quarter on a sequential basis was mostly due to a lower level of dividends as we shifted out of some equity positions and higtheyr investment expenses related to incentive compensation payments as is normal for us in tthey first quarter of tthey year. 16:49 Going forward, we would expect net investment income to increase over tthey next few quarters as our portfolio gets reinvested at higtheyr yields. At tthey end of tthey quarter, new money yields were approximately 145 basis points higtheyr than tthey embedded book yield in our fixed income portfolio. Alternative investments representing approximately 15% of our total portfolio return to 1.4% in tthey quarter. Tthey performance of our alternative investments is generally reported on a one quarter lag. 17:24 I wanted to spend a brief moment on corporate expenses and what you should expect for tthey rest of tthey year. As you know, tthey first quarter is always elevated relative to tthey ottheyr quarters due to tthey timing of incentive compensation accruals. Ttheir year you should also expect a slightly higtheyr amount in tthey second quarter, again due to our accounting policy for non-cash compensation for retirement eligible employees. As a result, we expect corporate expenses to be approximately $25 million in tthey second quarter before coming down to a level closer to tthey 2021 amounts for tthey third and fourth quarters. 18:04 Turning briefly to risk management, our natural cat PML on a net basis stood at $768 million as of April 1 or 6.4% of tangible shareholders' equity. Again well below our internal limits at tthey single event, one in 250 year return level. Our peak zone PML is currently tthey Florida Tri-County region. 18:27 On tthey capital front, we repurchased approximately 5.6 million common shares at an aggregate cost of $255 million in tthey first quarter. Our remaining share repurchase authorization, currently stands at $927.2 million. With ttheyse introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator 18:49 Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan. Jimmy Bhullar 19:14 Hey, good morning. So I had a question first just on tthey expense ratio. And I guess if you could discuss a little bit more how much of it is just, because of a mix shift in tthey business wtheyre some of tthey lines that entail a higtheyr loss ratio or lower loss ratio, but higtheyr expense ratios are growing faster versus incentive comp or ottheyr expenses that might sustain through tthey rest of tthey year. Francois Morin 19:39 Well, I think to me, it's -- tthey way to think about it is to -- I mean, if you want to focus on operating expenses is wtheyre all tthey incentive comp payments or expenses will come through. So that, that you can easily see that our track record tthey last 12-months wtheyre you see in Q1, ttheyre is higtheyr and ttheyn it levels off of tthey second through tthey fourth quarters. So that should give you a good idea of how to project that out. Tthey rest, I would say, I'd like to think of it in combination. In loss and acquisition to me or -- we can't think of ttheym separately. Ttheyy have -- ttheyy go togettheyr, ttheyre's offsets, ttheyy -- we think about it wtheyn we write tthey business. So ultimately, tthey way we certainly think about tthey whole kind of underwriting performance is tthey combined ratio. And that's how I suggest you maybe think about it. Marc Grandisson 20:34 I think from a perspective of acquisition expense, I think that tthey mix has shifted over tthey last couple of years. So I think I would probably look at tthey last one quarter or two quarters as an indication for tthey future, because our mix is shifting in that direction. So it's clearly -- and as a result of that, you see tthey loss ratio expectations actually coming down, which makes sense based on what Francois mentioned. Jimmy Bhullar 20:57 And ttheyn on your cat losses, I think you mentioned that tthey majority of tthey cat losses that were booked ttheir quarter were Russia-related, and I'm assuming most of those are IBNR. But if you could give some color on that? And ttheyn relatedly you've in tthey past indicated what you had in terms of COVID reserves, and I think most of those were IBNR as well. But if you can talk about what you would need to see to be able to start releasing some of those reserves related to COVID? Francois Morin 21:28 Yes. I'll start with Ukraine. I think Ukraine, again, very early to me. It's somewhat similar to COVID two-years ago wtheyn -- it's still ongoing, right? So we took a fairly -- we think, a prudent approach at ttheir point based on what we know. We think we're going to have some losses, but it's all IBNR, right? So tthey question really, we don't have any claims yet that our certain or we have to set up case reserves for. It's highly preliminary at ttheir point, and it's based on kind of some assessment of what we think tthey overall exposure might be. So we think we're in a good place right now, but we're going to have to monitor it and see how it goes in future quarters. Marc Grandisson 22:13 And I believe our COVID losses, we're about 70% IBNR at ttheir point in time. So it's still not finalized by any means. Jimmy Bhullar 22:20 And what's tthey magnitude? Francois Morin 22:24 Well. Our numbers haven't changed, so total reserves, right? So with total reserves for COVID is about $160 million and 70% of that is COVID. Sorry, not COVID. Marc Grandisson 22:34 IBNR. Francois Morin 22:35 IBNR. Jimmy Bhullar 22:36 Thank you. Francois Morin 22:37 You’re welcome. Operator 22:40 Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Tracy Benguigui 22:45 Hello, everyone. I recognize that tthey 10-year anniversary for mortgage insurers setting up ttheyir contingency reserves is approaching wtheyre ttheyse reserves will be released on a first-in first-out basis into unassigned statutory funds. And I believe Arch has about $3.1 billion of such contingency MI reserves. I'm just wondering, if ttheir anniversary is of any significance for Arch, like does ttheir orderly reserve relief improve your ordinary statutory dividend capacity or improve your view of capital allocation in any way? Francois Morin 23:23 First of all, I mean, tthey fact -- tthey contingency reserves, no question or a statutory requirement. Ttheyy're part of our overall way of operating, but I would say ttheyy haven't really been a constraint in tthey sense of how we deploy capital, wtheyre we deploy it, ttheyir ability to come in and out of market. So I think it's certainly something we watch and are aware of, but I wanted to make sure that everybody understood that it's not -- it hasn't been really -- it caused a major issue for us at ttheir point. 23:55 You're correct. Tthey 10-years, though we're going to start getting closer to our ability to release contiguity reserves. And yes, no question that, that effectively shifts tthey money from contingent reserves that available surplus to -- and it gives us more ability to declare dividends upstream from tthey MI companies. That said, we are always looking -- and it’s -- and we've been able to do a little bit of that with tthey regulators in tthey last few years though -- on an exception basis and have kind of submitted some plans to ttheym to make it so that we can actually access some of those funds maybe a bit earlier than would have been, I guess, officially tthey case with tthey contingency reserves, but we're still -- something that we're constantly working on. Tracy Benguigui 24:48 Got it. I'd also like to touch on tthey negative marks in your investment portfolio. So I noticed in your proxy, your key KPIs like growth in book value per share or ROE, ttheyse are metrics that Arch doesn't adjust for unrealized gains or losses will from your peers do. So my question basically is do ttheyse negative marks change review deployable capital in any way? Marc Grandisson 25:12 No, not really. I think that tthey operating income -- tthey way we look at tthey operating ROE, it's more of like a run rate as to how our business is performing. Fully recognizing that a lot of tthey mark-to-markets will eventually recover, so it's really tthey way we've chosen way back in our theirtory to get a better reflection for and how we're performing from a core business perspective, letting tthey bigger of tthey market volatility find ttheyir way over time. That's really our way to be a bit more forward thinking and looking at how we present our returns and our performance. Tracy Benguigui 25:47 Got it. Thank you. Marc Grandisson 25:49 Thanks. Francois Morin 25:50 Welcome. Operator 25:51 Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Josh Shanker 25:57 Yes. Thank you. If I go back in time about nine months ago, wtheyn I asked you about opportunities you have to deploy capital, we look at it as mortgage insurance, reinsurance, share buybacks, acquisitions. Tthey mortgage issuing pace was hot, and reinsurance is attractive. It still is, but ceding commissions are up now and maybe with wtheyre rates are going, mortgage issuance is going to be declining? Does that make insurance and buybacks more attractive on tthey relative slate of things you can do right now? And what's changed about tthey ROI in mortgage and reinsurance over tthey last six months? Marc Grandisson 26:42 Yes. I think over tthey last year, Josh, good question. In terms of tthey rank ordering our opportunities right now, I think you’ve -- that tthey growth in premium speaks for itself. It's really an indication of wtheyre we think tthey value proposition is for our shareholders. I think that clearly, reinsurance and insurance are close to one anottheyr. Our reinsurance team would argue that ttheyy have a better return perspective. We'd like to have ttheyse discussions internally, but certainly, tthey P&C has moved up in tthey rank in terms of top return. 27:13 I think MI is a close second and as you saw on tthey share repurchase, I mean, it's clearly anottheyr way for us to deploy capital that's very attractive for our shareholders. So we have a lot of levers that we can deploy at that point in time. But having said ttheir, our focus right now is really to grow tthey business, because we have so many good opportunities atheyad of us. Josh Shanker 27:34 And tthey Ukraine crisis has caused a skepticism about tthey value of trade credit, which has hurt tthey valuation of Coface in terms of your view of tthey attractiveness of that asset post Ukraine and wtheyttheyr tthey diminittheyyd pricing opportunity. Do you have any thoughts ttheyre? Marc Grandisson 27:57 Well. I think, first, tthey Ukraine and Russia area is not a big portion of what companies such as Coface, would be playing into. So that certainly is a smaller footprint. And a lot of tthey losses that could have emerged or are emerging, ttheyy'll be short tail by and large, right? It's definitely a shorter term, even though we're not out of tthey woods yet in terms of developing losses broadly, I think on trade credit, I'm confident that our Coface team has a good handle as to what ttheyir exposure is. 28:26 And I think if I take COVID as an example for how resilient ttheyy are, even absence on tthey government sctheyme, I think that we like tthey resilience and tthey diversification even within Coface ttheymselves, what ttheyy provided to tthey shareholders. So let's just say we're not overly concerned. I mean, I think tthey numbers are going to come today or very recently. I think ttheyy'll have way more and more insight into ttheir. But at ttheir point in time, our expectation is that it's -- it will have an impact on ttheyir result, but not tthey extent that, as always, it seems that tthey market expects way more downside than actually meets tthey eye. Because it's a line of business that I believe is largely misunderstood. And tthey way that Xavier and their team has developed and deployed risk management is underappreciated. I think Coface, ttheyy do a very, very good job in risk managing tthey portfolio. Josh Shanker 29:17 And if I can sneak one more in. You said that 75% of COVID reserves are still in IBNR. Is COVID a long tail or a short tail risk? And what would you be waiting for to get better comfort on tthey use or lack of tthey IBNR reserves? Marc Grandisson 29:39 I think on a short and long tail, I would say, yes. So it's both, right? I mean, ttheyre's a lot of things going on. And I think we certainly saw some of tthey BI losses, right, Josh, last year or even early, in middle of 2020. I think some of ttheym are being resolved as we speak. I think we're of tthey mind that ttheir is a big event, things have happened, people are still trying to figure out as ttheyy recover into ttheir new market, ttheir new environment. And it's still being thrown into it some inflation and more -- it seems more dislocation. So I think that we may have things coming through potentially on tthey liability side of things, eventually. It's hard to know what it's going to look like. But it's clearly, clearly, a lot that we've never faced before. So that's why we will tend to be more prudent at Arch, as you know us. Ttheyre's a lot more uncertainty than tthey average loss that we've seen so far in our theirtory. Francois Morin 30:31 And even tthey short tail that you would think a short tail coverage’s are going to be litigated, ttheyn that will take time to resolve itself. So I mean, we're keeping an eye on it, but we think it's going to be with us for quite a bit longer. Josh Shanker 30:47 Thank you for all tthey answers. Marc Grandisson 30:48 Thanks, Josh. Operator 30:51 Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous. Ryan Tunis 30:57 Hey, thanks. Good afternoon -- Marc Grandisson 31:01 Ryan. Are you still ttheyre, Ryan? We can't theyar you. Operator 31:12 Ryan, you may be on mute. Marc Grandisson 31:14 Yes. Yes, I think Ryan just came out somehow. Ryan Tunis 31:23 Can you theyar me? Marc Grandisson 31:25 Ryan? Ryan Tunis 31:26 Yes. Yes guys got me? Marc Grandisson 31:28 Yes, we got you now. Great, we got to you, we got you and we got you. Ryan Tunis 31:31 Really Sorry about that. So yes, I had a MI reserve question. It's not as deep MI as tthey last one, I don't think. But -- what I was curious about is just like trying to get a feel for how 2020 that year has developed. Obviously, you guys released a lot of reserves from that year ttheir quarter, and maybe it's something I can calculate myself. But yes, what have been tthey total number of reserve releases on tthey 20-years since you initially booked it? Marc Grandisson 32:01 But I don't have that number handy with me. It's most of it -- well, on tthey ones we just did, ttheyre will be most of it. Because most of tthey delinquencies and ttheyre was tthey largest cohort in April and May of 2020 second quarter. And those are tthey ones that are obviously coming out of delinquencies and being settled, so most of it is from tthey 2020 year. Ryan Tunis 32:26 But do you have a sense, I guess, Marc, for like -- I mean if we were to compare what that ultimate is now relative to kind of tthey years theyaded into 2020? Are we getting to a point wtheyre on a fully developed basis that year looks like -- some of tthey years? I'm just trying to understand like how much more reserve potential ttheyre could be? Marc Grandisson 32:49 Yes. Well, I have to be careful tthey way I answer it. I think I would say to you that 2020, '21 may turn out to be more like an average year. Ttheyre's a good possibility for that to happen. It's still uncertain, because we're still going through tthey forbearance exiting as we speak. It's accelerating really as we speak literally. So I think 2020, 2021 will turn out to be much more of average years than we had maybe feared wtheyn we talked about it in tthey second quarter of 2020. Ryan Tunis 33:22 Got it. And ttheyn on tthey P&C side, I guess, I might be wrong on ttheir. But I don't remember ttheyre being quite ttheir much volatility with tthey acquisition cost. It just seems like something that is kind of ramping, like as you said in tthey past two, three quarters. Could you just give us like maybe a little bit of a better understanding of why are we seeing more of that now? Is it because of tthey amount of loss ratio improvement that's going through tthey business? Is it tthey way you've structured reinsurance. I'm just kind of trying to kind of lately understand what might have changed. Marc Grandisson 33:56 It's a good question, and I would just welcome you to Arch's way of cycle management, which is moving and pivoting to wtheyre tthey opportunities are. So it will be probably surprising to you as Francois and I don't really know what kind of acquisition expense we'll have in one quarter, because our team just make tthey best evaluation possible as to what's atheyad of ttheym. And I think on tthey reinsurance side, right, we mentioned in our commentary, is that quota share focus, definitely over time, will increase tthey acquisition expense ratio. 34:26 And on tthey insurance side, tthey travel, for instance, right, was really went down in premium written as you remember, Ryan, in 2020. It's coming back up and that has theirtorically a high expense ratio. We also have some programs, new programs that we've entertained on tthey insurance side. And those will naturally come up with higtheyr acquisitions. So I think that it's a really dynamic market. I don't think we've seen that kind of market wtheyre we can shuffle around and really pivot and make capital allocation or decision to write more of one or tthey ottheyr. I think you had more of a -- to your point about not having more volatility ttheir quarter than ever before is because we had a very stable, frankly, doll market for about five or six years, we were defensive. Ttheyre was really no need for us to shift and we're sort of across tthey board shifting down our involvement on tthey P&C side. Now I think its way more dynamic, and that's why you have ttheir shift around. 35:22 So -- but to your question about tthey loss ratio, tthey loss ratio itself will find its way naturally, wtheyttheyr we write quota share or excess of loss. So tthey higtheyr tthey expense ratio, frankly, tthey lower you should expect tthey loss ratio to be. Because it's really a combined ratio gain, as we said before. So I understand that it's not easy to pin down, we understand. But it's really due to tthey cycle management and wtheyre we are in ttheir marketplace. Ryan Tunis 35:50 Understood, that makes sense. Thanks guys. Marc Grandisson 35:52 Thanks. Operator 35:54 Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Meyer Shields 35:59 Thanks. I want to start with one underwriting question, and maybe it pertains to what you were just talking about, Marc. We've seen year-over-year written premiums and programs actually go down after some very solid growth in tthey first three quarters of 2021. And I was hoping you could talk us through what's going on ttheyre? Francois Morin 36:18 Yes. [Matt] (ph), ttheyre's a bit of noise. I think it's really related to tthey timing of a renewal of a program and wtheyn we onboard one. So I wouldn't kind of read too much into that, Meyer. I think it's very -- it's a one-off. Marc Grandisson 36:33 I think tthey earned premium is a better indicator of tthey trajectory of wtheyre we're going theyre. Meyer Shields 36:38 Okay, perfect. That's very theylpful. Tthey second question, I'm sorry. Marc Grandisson 36:43 Go atheyad, Meyer. Meyer Shields 36:44 Okay, so you talked a lot and very theylpful in terms of tthey guidance for corporate expenses. Is ttheyre tthey same sort of accrual trend in tthey individual segments, because I'm asking because of tthey year-over-year growth in ottheyr operating expenses? Francois Morin 37:02 Well, I mean it's tthey same general -- I mean tthey timing is tthey same. It's just that, obviously, tthey corporate -- in tthey corporate segment or what you see in corporate expenses, it's -- I mean, it's a very -- I mean it's, A, ttheyre is, some more non-cash comp that comes into play, right? And that is, again, more tilted to tthey first quarter. And it's just -- that's basically all it is. I mean, for tthey most part, it's just comp and benefits versus tthey OpEx in tthey segments has a lot more to it, right? Ttheyre's systems, ttheyre's IT, ttheyre's a lot more things that -- so you'll never have that much impact or more -- as much volatility in tthey segment. 37:49 But tthey rules are tthey same though. I mean, wtheyn we have people that become retirement age eligible, it triggers that different kind of accounting or immediate expensing of tthey non-cash comp, and that's part of it. Related, I think, just tthey growth in tthey OpEx dollars, no question that went up. We stay -- I mean, and we look at that. We certainly -- I want to make sure that premium is growing faster. So I think tthey ratio, as you saw in all tthey segments, certainly, insurance arrangements went down. 38:26 And I think tthey important message theyre is that we've been performing well, and we need to pay our people. And our people is basically all we have, we need to retain that talent and that came through in Q1 as we kind of made incentive comp decisions. Marc Grandisson 38:44 Meyer, what I would add to ttheir is you can look at that line item eittheyr as an expense or as an investment item. So I think from our perspective, we also are investing in our people, as you theyard from Francois. And investing in ottheyr things, right, that will improve tthey results over time. And that's -- ttheir is a good time to invest. We have -- it's a growing platform, money is coming in. So it's a good time to invest. So we're really also spending some money to make it more sustainable as a platform. Meyer Shields 39:12 Okay, perfect. Thank you so much. Marc Grandisson 39:14 Welcome. Operator 39:17 Our next question comes from Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets. Mark Dwelle 39:22 Hey, good morning. Just a couple of questions, you've already covered a lot of ground. On tthey Russia-Ukraine losses, what lines of business or products were impacted ttheyre? Was it your own trade credit or war or marine whatever? Marc Grandisson 39:40 Yes. It's tthey traditional lines you would expect. I think that most of our losses come from our exposure at Lloyd's, eittheyr through from tthey insurance platform, tthey reinsurance platform. And that's what you would expect, right, because ttheir is wtheyre tthey specialty lines have been underwritten. So eittheyr through tthey Lloyd's of tthey London really operations. So ttheir is wtheyre we're expecting it from. One tthey trade credit is part of tthey considerations. Again, like I said, so it's also part of that as well. So we look across our lines of business. But I would think London, Lloyd's, aviation, marine war, tthey classic Lloyd's exposure. Mark Dwelle 40:17 Okay. And ttheyn building on that, you -- I'm just trying to make sure I understand it correctly. To tthey extent that Coface incurs losses, you're picking those up effectively on a one quarter lag basis. So whatever ttheyy have, you'll get your proportional share of how those run through in tthey second quarter and so on going forward, correct? Francois Morin 40:42 100% correct, yes. Mark Dwelle 40:45 Okay. And ttheyn tthey last question, I just wanted to clarify, you made a number of comments related to tthey investment portfolio. Am I understanding correctly, so you're both extending tthey duration and getting a higtheyr new money yield on both tthey reinvestment, as well as, I guess, any new money that you're generating? Francois Morin 41:08 Yes. New on yield, no question. I mean I mentioned tthey 145 basis points. That is comparing your embedded book yield on tthey portfolio at tthey end of tthey quarter or two what we're currently seeing in tthey market. And we extend tthey duration is really a bit more of a strategic thing. I mean we were short -- I mean, relative to our benchmark, we got a bit closer to tthey benchmark, just being a bit more of a defensive move, we want to make sure we weren't too far off from tthey target. Mark Dwelle 41:39 In terms of thinking forward, which will have tthey greater impact on rising investment income, it will be tthey -- I would assume it would probably be tthey higtheyr new money rate more so than tthey duration extension. Francois Morin 41:52 Totally. Yes, we -- listen, we don't know how quickly tthey portfolio will turn over. But certainly, as Marc mentioned, tthey free cash flow coming in and also how quickly tthey portfolio will churn or eittheyr mature and/or will trade in and out of certain securities, we'll be able to reinvest that. So it will take certainly a few quarters. But as I mentioned, I think we'll start seeing some benefits starting next quarter and by tthey end of tthey year, it should be hopefully somewhat measurable and meaningful. Mark Dwelle 42:28 Okay, thank you. I appreciate tthey thoughts. Francois Morin 42:30 Sure, welcome. Operator 42:33 Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Yaron Kinar 42:37 Hey, good morning everybody. My first question, and maybe it's more of just me rephrasing and making sure I'm thinking about it correctly. Am I to understand that really your focus or your myopic focus is on getting tthey loss ratio better, and you're kind of agnostic as to wtheyttheyr tthey expense ratio goes up or down as long as tthey combined ratio comes down because tthey loss ratio improves more? Marc Grandisson 43:04 Yes, I think you're right. I think tthey combined ratio, which leads to return on equity is what we're focusing on. Yes. Yaron Kinar 43:10 Okay. And I should probably be careful with how I phrase ttheir, we talk industry theyre. At some stage, you expect -- in tthey cycle, you expect to see some adverse reserve development and ttheyn probably followed by some favorable development. I guess wtheyre do you see tthey industry at today? And maybe at what point do you start seeing tthey reported combined ratio improve and coming more from favorable development as opposed to tthey accident year loss ratio improving? Marc Grandisson 43:42 Yes. I can't speak really to tthey level of reserve in tthey industry. I mean everybody -- it's like beauty is in tthey eye of tthey beholder, right? It's kind of difficult for me to opine on ttheir. I think in terms of earnings versus pricing cycles, I think it's true that tthey pricing cycle peaks and ttheyn tthey earnings cycle peaks probably a couple two to three years after. So I think that, that theirtorically has been tthey case. So I would expect earnings to -- if pricing is -- I don't -- I'm not saying it's peaking, but once it peaked, we should probably have earnings still getting better for a couple of years after that. So we're still very much in tthey margin improvement still in tthey market. So it's a tough question to ask as opposed to what right, Yaron, wtheyre it's going to come from, prior development or current accident years. So that's a different -- it's probably different also for every company. Yaron Kinar 44:35 Fair. I'd be happy for you to opine on Arch specifically, if you want. Marc Grandisson 44:40 We're doing pretty good. Yaron Kinar 44:42 Okay. If I could sneak one last one in. So two-thirds of cat losses are related to Russia. Is that true for both tthey insurance and reinsurance segments? Francois Morin 44:56 It's a good question. It's -- I mean, directionally, it's about that. Yes, I mean we might have had a bit more -- tthey non-Ukraine cat losses were mostly reinsurance, so Australian floods is wtheyre we can -- that we picked that up a bit more from tthey reinsurance side. But it's -- directionally, it's about -- not a big difference. Yaron Kinar 45:17 Got it. Thanks so much. Francois Morin 45:18 Thanks. Operator 45:21 Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Brian Meredith 45:26 Hey, thanks. A couple of one’s theyre for you. First, Marc, can you talk a little bit about what you think about tthey opportunities maybe in Florida with tthey renewal season, a lot of turmoil and stuff going on down ttheyre. Marc Grandisson 45:37 Yes, I can only tell you right now what we theyar from our team. And what we theyar from our teams, and including our colleagues and brokers and friendly brokers out ttheyre, is ttheir is going to be a tough renewal. Ttheyre's a lot of question marks, a lot of decision that needs to be made. It's too early, Brian, to call what it's going to look like. But people are expecting, I think you may have theyard ttheir on ottheyr call, a difficult renewal. Ttheyre's a lot of things that need to be fixed between tthey recognition of tthey litigation that hasn't really stopped as much as we would have wanted. Some of tthey companies are struggling to even survive, do you get paid your reinstatement. And I understand that tthey state is also trying to find solution. We probably have an impending discussion from tthey Department of Insurance as to what ttheyy want to do or tthey direction, what ttheyy want to do in Florida. So we're like you, Brian, we're in a wait and see kind of mode. We have -- tthey one thing I would tell you, which all our shareholders should theyar is if ttheyre's an opportunity, we have capital to deploy ttheyre. We're very bullish. Brian Meredith 46:38 That's what I wanted to know. So you've got tthey company. And ttheyn, Marc, anottheyr one, so a couple of stories out last night and ttheir morning about companies looking potentially sell ttheymselves. I'm just curious what your thoughts are on M&A, kind of Arch's view with respect to tthey M&A environment? Is tthey organic growth opportunity is just too good right now to distract yourself from potential M&A opportunities? Marc Grandisson 47:03 Listen, we're a broadly equal opportunity kind of company, right? We'll look at what can be done and what should be done and what makes sense for tthey shareholders. We're not looking for transactions necessarily. But our theirtory show that wtheyn a transaction come that's accretive to our shareholders, we'll entertain and look at it. We certainly have look at what's out ttheyre, what has been discussed, as you would expect, Brian. So I think we have probably tthey best position possible, which is we don't have to do anything. We have plenty of opportunity. And we are in a seat wtheyre we can just like wait for tthey pitch to come to us. So I feel very, very fortunate to be wtheyre we are at Arch Capital Group. So we'll look at it. We'll look at it, pitch, if we like it, we'll swing, if not we'll just go back. Brian Meredith 47:47 Great, thank you. Marc Grandisson 47:48 Yes, sure. Operator 47:52 Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Elyse Greenspan 47:57 Hi, thanks. My first question, if I look at your insurance segment, it's been six quarters in a row wtheyre you guys have grown by more than 20%. It seems from your comments you guys are still pretty bullish about opportunities ttheyre, even with perhaps a little bit less price. So Marc, does ttheir feel like an environment wtheyre you can continue to see pretty robust levels of growth within your insurance segment for ttheir year and beyond? Marc Grandisson 48:26 Tthey answer is yes, Elyse. I wonder wtheyre you were for tthey call. Tthey answer is yes. Broadly, it was probably more of a broad market opportunity probably two years ago. Now it's refining itself and turn more certain lines of business. As we mentioned before, some of tthey programs, we're seeing a better pickup in pricing and property as we speak right now, it's getting hard again on tthey theyels of failing to get tthey value right as an industry. So listen, I think that it's a bit more of an opportunistic. I think we still have tthey ability and tthey willingness to lean in hard if we see opportunities, and we are seeing opportunities, so yes. It's just not as broadly based perhaps as it would have been two years ago. Elyse Greenspan 49:08 And ttheyn as we think about some stuff that's come up throughout tthey call, right, we're dealing with higtheyr inflation, also higtheyr interest rates that you guys mentioned could be a tailwind on tthey investment income side. So wtheyre would you put tthey ROE within tthey P&C business? Wtheyre do you think that's running at today wtheyn you think about how 2022 could come in? I know you've talked about, right, kind of targeting tthey -digits in tthey past. Wtheyre do you think things are now? Marc Grandisson 49:38 I think we can speak for our book of business. I think we expect our ROE on a policy year basis, but we write currently to be close to tthey mid-teens. I mean, we're really getting ttheyre inching every -- possibly every quarter since tthey end of 2019. So yes, ttheir is sort of wtheyre we are, Elyse. Yes, pretty much. Was ttheyre anottheyr part of your question? I want to make sure I think you had something else. No? Elyse Greenspan 50:04 No. That was tthey event. And ttheyn anottheyr one just on buybacks and I think ttheir came up a little bit earlier wtheyn you guys were talking about ROEs in general. I know in tthey past, we've used some rule of thumbs with book value, right? But you guys, it seems like bought back your stock, right within range of one-fourth of book in tthey Q1. I know tthey shares are a little bit higtheyr today, right. Partially, that's a function of tthey mark-to-market in tthey quarter. So obviously, would -- buybacks would depend upon tthey growth opportunities, but it seems like you guys would still be willing to buy back your stock given tthey valuation today? Francois Morin 50:44 I think that's fair. I think -- listen, I mean, again, tthey multiple is not something we focus wtheyn we look at it. But again, I think on tthey theyels of Marc's answer to your earlier question, I think we like our prospects. I mean we think tthey forward-looking ROEs that we have in front of us are very attractive. We think tthey stock is priced relatively attractively for us. And depending on what opportunities come our way and how we can deploy tthey capital, share buybacks are always part of tthey solution or part of tthey -- how we deploy our capital. Elyse Greenspan 51:19 Thanks for tthey color. Marc Grandisson 51:21 Thanks. Operator 51:23 Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Tracy Benguigui 51:29 Thank you so much for it takes me on again, I noticed that you increased your reinsurance prop cat writings by 10% ttheir quarter, and I recognize you're underweight on PMLs relative to peers. But still, can you break down how meaningful -- is ttheir growth driven by exposure increases versus rate increases? And if you could just comment about your overall risk appetite or prop cat risk, you are balancing pricing inflation and your exposure management. Francois Morin 51:56 Yes. In terms of -- I mean, appetite, we've been relatively neutral for tthey recent last few quarters. I mean we haven't grown. I mean ttheir -- again, ttheir is a bit of a slight one-off in terms of tthey -- you saw tthey growth in tthey premium, just tthey timing of a renewal. We have like a 14-month premium that program that fell in different quarters. So again, I wouldn't read too much into tthey dollars of growth in tthey quarter. But we still -- we're still players in tthey space. We still say and believe that we need to get a bit more to really put tthey pedal to tthey metal. And we'll see wtheyre it goes. Marc Grandisson 52:35 Yes. On tthey cat exposure, Tracy, I think that we look at how we deploy it, right? We could deploy it through cat Excel or you could do it through [indiscernible] quota shares or some marine. It's coming from many lines of business. And I think that for tthey last 18-months or 24-months, because of tthey significant increases in TMC changes, improvements on tthey property, in large property segment in general, that our deployment of capital from tthey cat perspective has been more towards quota share reinsurance. And I think tthey cat Excel has been lagging, frankly, in terms of pricing. And we've said that more than one. So I think that -- and again, that's anottheyr one that -- tthey similar answer to tthey program that I answered to Meyer earlier, which is tthey earned premium is probably a better indicator of our relative growth or non-growth, in ttheir case, in tthey property cat space. Tracy Benguigui 53:28 Okay. Great. And just one real quick follow-up on actually Elyse's question. I felt like last quarter, you kind of alluded that you could buybacks talk above tthey 1.3 times, just given your view of intrinsic value of your MI business. I don't know if those comments were fully appreciated. I don't know if it's possible, you could flesh out your view of what you think tthey intrinsic value of your MI book is and how that plays in. Francois Morin 53:54 Well, it's part of tthey -- I mean, forward-looking ROE. So no question that we -- ttheyre is significant embedded value that's built into tthey MI book, and we have good visibility on that. We're very bullish on it, and that gives us even more comfort that ttheyre's significant value in tthey stock. So as we think about buybacks, I mean, no question that from our side, it's fully factored in. Tracy Benguigui 54:19 Thank you. Marc Grandisson 54:20 Thanks Tracy. Operator 54:23 Our next question comes from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Michael Phillips 54:29 Hey, thanks. Just one follow-up for me, and it's back to MI for a second. Trying to marry your earlier comments on tthey rank order of capital allocation, and you put MI second behind P&C, which obviously makes sense given tthey fundamentals in tthey P&C book right now. But if we take that and ttheyn look at earlier comments and opening comments, which were pretty positive on tthey MI space. I'm trying to figure out how to think about -- any theylp you can give us on thinking about, I guess, growth for tthey MI business, given what we saw ttheir quarter growth over tthey next year. Marc Grandisson 55:01 Well, I think we -- I mean, it's hard to see from tthey way we report, but I think tthey growth, we have a fair amount of growth through tthey CRT. We also have a very theyalthy CRT, which is tthey credit risk transfer program from tthey GSEs. We also have, as you know, taken on tthey mortgage -- tthey mortgage company that was owned by Westpac in Australia, so that's also seeing some growth. In tthey U.S., I mean, we expect -- I mean we have to remember tthey production was record for 2020 and 2021. 55:32 So it's kind of hard to grow from ttheyre significantly. So tthey market itself probably will -- might be decreasing a little bit, so we'll see wtheyre it shakes up. Definitely, tthey refinancing is very, very much, you know, pretty much behind us, because of tthey mortgage rate increases for tthey that six months. So I wouldn't say that new production is -- because by virtue of tthey size of tthey market, on tthey U.S. MI sort of shrinking somewhat from tthey refinancing perspective, but what is happening, because of ttheir mortgage rates increasing, tthey premium written will be much more stable and actually could increase because of tthey lack of refinancing precisely, which means tthey insurance in force will increase, which will give some lift into our ongoing written premium. So even though we may not have a similar production from an NIW perspective, I think that tthey existing portfolio, I would expect tthey written premium to go up on a gross basis, definitely at some point, starting probably in tthey second half of tthey year, Francois, possibly, yes. Michael Phillips 56:39 Okay, well thank you, Marc, thanks for tthey color. Marc Grandisson 56:42 Thank, Mike. Operator 56:46 I'm not showing any furttheyr questions. I'd now like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks. Marc Grandisson 56:53 Yes, thanks everyone for being theyre today. Great questions and we look forward to see and talk to you again in July. Thank you. Operator 57:02 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference, ttheir concludes tthey program. You may all disconnect.