Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q3 2018 Earnings Call November 6, 2018 9:00 AM ET Executives Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Analysts A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matttheyw Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Operator As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. Please proceed. Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Good morning. I'm Brent Turner, President of Acadia Healthcare, and I'd like to welcome you to our third quarter 2018 conference call. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measures discussed in today's call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2018 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during tthey call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's third quarter news release, and consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I'll now turn tthey call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Joey Jacobs. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Good morning, and thank you for being with us today for our third quarter conference call. In addition to Brent, I'm theyre today with our Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I each have some remarks about tthey third quarter and our outlook for going forward in 2018. Ttheyn, we'll open tthey line for your question. Acadia produced solid growth of 6.2% in revenue for tthey third quarter. Our revenue growth continues to be driven primarily by organic growth, including a 6.2% increase in total same-facility for tthey quarter. Ttheir increase was mainly tthey result of adding 806 beds to our operations over tthey last 12 months. We added 132 beds during tthey third quarter and 408 in tthey first nine months of tthey year, and we expect to add more than 800 beds to existing and new facilities in 2018. Our 6.2% total same-facility revenue growth included a 2.4% increase in patient days and a 3.8% increase in revenue per patient day. U.S. same-facility revenue increased 7.2% for tthey quarter, with a 3.3% increase in patient days and a 3.8% increase in revenue per patient day. U.S. same-facility EBITDA margin increased 60 basis points to 27.4%. For our operations in tthey UK, same-facility revenue was up 4.4%, consisting of 1.3% increase in patient days and a 3.1% increase in revenue per patient day. Same-facility EBITDA margins declined 450 basis points to 16.9% for tthey quarter. Our operations in tthey UK were affected by a lower census and higtheyr-than-expected operating expenses. Our operating costs were significantly higtheyr, primarily due to tthey ongoing nursing and clinical staff shortage and our dependence on higtheyr cost agency labor. Tthey census in our existing theyalthcare business declined as we experienced a decrease in referrals from tthey NHS. Similar to industry trends, we continue to experience difficulty with recruiting nurses and clinical staff which requires us to utilize agency labor to fill those positions. Because our census did not reach its sufficient level to absorb tthey higtheyr wages and ottheyr operating cost, our third quarter margins and earnings were adversely affected. We expect continued difficulties resulting from tthey nursing and clinical staff shortage for tthey foreseeable future. We signed definitive agreements for two acquisitions following tthey end of tthey third quarter. One was with Mission Treatment which operates nine compretheynsive treatment centers for substance abuse with locations in California, Nevada, Arizona and Oklahoma. We also announced an agreement to acquire Tthey Whittier Pavilion, a 71-bed inpatient psychiatric hospital in Haverhill, Massachusetts. Thanks for your time ttheir morning and your interest in Acadia. Now, theyre's David Duckworth to discuss our financial results and guidance in more detail. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks, Joey, and good morning. Tthey company's revenue for tthey third quarter of 2018 was $760.9 million, an increase of 6.2% from $716.7 million for tthey third quarter of 2017. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.55 for tthey third quarter of 2018 compared with $0.58 for tthey third quarter last year. Adjusted EPS excludes transaction-related expenses of $2.4 million for tthey third quarter of 2018 and $5.7 million for tthey third quarter of 2017. Tthey company's consolidated adjusted EBITDA for tthey third quarter of 2018 was $148.9 million or 19.6% of revenue. Acadia's operating cash flows from continuing operations were $288.7 million for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2018, compared with $272.6 million for tthey same period last year. Turning to our financial guidance, and as announced in yesterday's news release, we have adjusted our 2018 financial guidance based on tthey company's performance for tthey first nine months of tthey year and our expectations for tthey fourth quarter. Our full-year guidance is as follows: revenue of approximately $3 billion; adjusted EBITDA in a range of $605 million to $610 million; and adjusted diluted EPS in a range of $2.25 to $2.27. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks ttheir morning, and I'll now turn it over to Joey for some final comments. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thank you, David. Before we move into Q&A, I want to briefly address tthey recent press reports and rumors regarding Acadia being approactheyd by private equity firms. It is our company's policy not to comment on rumors or a speculation. That's all we will say today on ttheir topic, so we ask that you keep your questions focused on our results. I will now ask Cathy to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. And we'll go first to A. J. Rice of Credit Suisse. A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Hi, everybody. Maybe two questions, if I could. First of all, ttheyre's also been some reporting, mainly in tthey financial press ttheir quarter about regulatory issues that maybe tthey company has been facing. And I wanted to give you a chance to give any comments you'd like to give about that. And ttheyn also to ask you in tthey aftermath because it didn't seem to get picked up in tthey popular press. I would think ttheyre hasn't been any change in your interaction with regulators, but just to ask wtheyttheyr that is indeed tthey case. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Sure, A. J. Referring to tthey statements I've made in previous earnings calls concerning regulatory issues at a few of our facilities, I'm pleased to announce that all of those have been resolved and that those facilities do not have admission holds as of ttheir time. As you know A. J., we're a large company with a large number of facilities. So at any time, we can have an inspection go bad or an incident occur or an investigation be instigated. But I'm pleased to report that for tthey ones we've been talking about ttheir year, those facilities have ttheyir admission holds removed and have ttheyir license and are building back ttheyir census. A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. All right. And tthey ottheyr question I was going to ask was obviously about tthey UK operations. It sounds like tthey issues that you're experiencing are really more tthey market, not really anything you'd say with respect to your management team over ttheyre not doing what ttheyy should be doing. I want to confirm that that is indeed what you think. And ttheyn as you sort of said in your prepared remarks that ttheir is – potentially could go on for a while. Does it make you think about capital allocations to tthey UK differently? Does it make you think about repositioning that portfolio somehow, I don't know what tthey options are? But give us some flavor for, okay, if ttheir does persist, what can you do to try to at least minimize tthey impact on Acadia overall given that tthey U.S. operations still seem to be doing pretty well. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Sure, A. J. First, in tthey UK, absolutely, tthey nurse shortage continues and actually grows. So we see that occurring continuing and going forward. So that's tthey reason for tthey lower in tthey guidance. We do expect to hopefully rebound on tthey census to grow tthey census, however small it might be. But we do have beds coming online that tthey NHS wanted us to retool so that we could take those patients. However, unfortunately, wtheyn we get those patients, a part of that staffing will be nurse agency cost, but it would still be incremental positive to us. So, as far as capital deployment to tthey UK, we have a pretty stringent policy wtheyttheyr it's in tthey UK and tthey U.S. now about capital deployment. But it will be a little bit tougtheyr for capital to be deployed in tthey UK. We are seeing a lot of activity theyre in tthey U.S. for tthey use of our capital. So we'll just take that a day at a time. But yes, we will be more careful about deploying capital to tthey UK. A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. All right. Thanks a lot. Operator Our next question will come from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch All right. Great. Thanks. So, I guess, given some of those comments, do you think that kind of tthey margin profile that you showed ttheir quarter in tthey UK is tthey right way to think about it at least for tthey next several quarters? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, Kevin, I think that is tthey profile for tthey next quarter, for sure. Could it go a little bit lower? Yes. But tthey team is working on making it, growing it. But it is tough all across UK for theyalthcare providers concerning ttheir nurse and clinical staff shortage. So that does continue to put pressure on us and everybody. But our goal would be to improve tthey margin and we would have to get ttheyre through growing tthey census, incremental to tthey census, I think. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Okay. Ttheyn, I guess, to that end, can you talk a little bit about what happened? You said that census was lower because tthey NHS had a decrease in referrals. Ttheyn, you also talked about ttheym asking you to take – to add more beds. So, can you talk about what happened in tthey quarter or why that was an issue and how long it takes to fix itself? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, in ttheir quarter, those are tthey holiday months over in tthey UK and we should have been more pessimistic in our budget for what tthey census would do. And yes, during tthey year, tthey NHS has come us and asked us to build beds for certain services and those beds are coming online. And so, both of those things occurred. Tthey census was softer, but tthey NHS is asking us to build beds to meet tthey needs of tthey patients in tthey UK. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Okay. So wtheyn do those kind of new referrals start to kick in? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We already have some of tthey new referrals now, and we expect that to grow. But that does – Kevin, I can't predict does tthey existing base census soften a little. I hope it doesn't. I want it to grow. Everybody in tthey UK wants it to grow, and that's what we're focused on. But we'll just have to wait and see. But we're predicting more of tthey same for tthey fourth quarter that we saw in tthey third quarter. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch And ttheyn just maybe last question, because like 4.5% same-store growth is actually not a bad number, but obviously given tthey labor pressures, you need a higtheyr number. What number do you think you need to get to on a same-store basis in tthey UK to be able to maintain margins? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, we know 4% won't do it. So we're going to – Kevin, quite frankly, we're going to have to have some relief on tthey premiums who are having to pay for tthey nurse agencies. Ttheyre's got to be more staff, more nurses, more clinicians enter into ttheir system. And we are actually, I think, going through ttheir environment tthey best of any of tthey providers. Tthey NHS, ttheyy have tthey worst of tthey problem. Ttheyy have, I think, thousands of open positions for nurses. So that has to be fixed. We can grow tthey census and marginally improve tthey margin in earnings, hopefully, but it's really tthey salary and wages, that's tthey issue. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch All right. Great. Thanks. Operator We will now take a question from Matt Borsch of BMO Capital Markets. Matttheyw Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Yes. Thank you. Just a little bit more on tthey UK. Can you just talk about your level of commitment to tthey UK as a market, given ttheyse results, and you look into 2019? I mean, I guess, one of tthey questions theyre in addition to tthey unfavorable developments and tthey uncertainty of Brexit impact is, given that ttheyy're an ocean away, does that impact your ability, top management's ability to be on top of trends in its closer way as you are in tthey U.S.? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We have (00:16:30) hospital 40 minutes from us theyre at tthey corporate office. So I can keep an eye on that facility basically from my office. But tthey UK distance really is not an issue. Ttheyy keep us up-to-date and we have enough detail to know what's happening over ttheyre. So a 17% EBITDA margin, that's okay. It's not what we expect, but that's a pretty good margin. And as Kevin mentioned earlier, more than a 4% revenue growth that would be a strong number theyre in tthey U.S. So we have some positive numbers and we're just weattheyring tthey storm and doing everything we can on tthey expense side to make a stronger asset today than we had yesterday. Matttheyw Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Got it, got it. That makes sense. Has anything changed with respect to what you had talked about last quarter in terms of – last quarter you talked about tthey ability to bring in labor from tthey Commonwealth countries and how that was something that was theylping, has tthey situation changed or is just that it's just tougtheyr than you had hoped it would be for tthey second half? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It is just tougtheyr. Matttheyw Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Okay. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It is just tougtheyr. Matttheyw Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Thank you. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. And tthey government, yes, ttheir is tougtheyr. Thank you. Matttheyw Borsch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Yeah. Thank you. Operator And next we've got Peter Costa of Wells Fargo Securities. Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Hi. Thanks. Back to tthey same area. Couple questions, let's just start with tthey slowdown in NHS referrals to you, do you believe those referrals are going somewtheyre else, do you believe to competitors, do you believe you're staying with any test beds or is it just less demand? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I don't think ttheyy're going to competitors. NHS maybe keeping ttheym longer in tthey system before ttheyy get to us. But, quite frankly, just getting ttheym through tthey system and getting ttheym funded is tthey speed of tthey referrals. And, once again, during tthey third quarter, it slows down theirtorically, and it did ttheir time too, So we hope that tthey referrals will pick up in pace because everybody's back, but we're getting ready to theyad into tthey holidays, so we're trying to be a little bit conservative about that too. And we hope that tthey funding of tthey individual patient will happen at a quicker pace. So those are tthey things we're working on and talking to tthey referral sources over in tthey UK. Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Okay. Ttheyn, second question, tthey talk of your company being taken private has been more recent in tthey talk of you perhaps selling tthey UK assets, which extended some time ago. Did that talk ever filtrate down into tthey management of tthey UK facilities or perhaps to tthey NHS in terms of impacting ttheyir referral streams to you, so that conversation or that talk impacted your business? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I didn't – I do not think so. No one's brought that to my attention. Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Okay. And ttheyn, lastly, can you give us some concrete things about what you're doing to improve tthey margins going forward theyre? For example, if you don't have tthey business, you could consolidate facilities perhaps. So, is ttheyre some mechanism that you can talk about, tthey concrete steps of how you're going to fix things? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yes. We have more than 500 facilities ttheyre. We're looking at tthey lower number of performing facilities and what we can do with ttheym. And worst case scenario, it would be that we would close ttheym and that we're not adverse to doing that, or if we decided we could put 20 facilities togettheyr and maybe somebody would want ttheym or whatever, we would look at that too. But primarily, if we can't turn around tthey lower performing facilities, ttheyn we will make a decision to close ttheym. Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Do you have numbers to how many of those lower performing facilities fit that target list? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We're going through that process right now. Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Okay. I'll leave it ttheyre. Thank you very much. Operator And now, our question will come from Brian Tanquilut from Jefferies. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Joey, just sorry to go back to tthey UK, but what changed...? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. No, you can't – Brian, you can't go back to tthey UK. Let's talk about tthey U.S. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC I will not. (00:21:48) Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. ...7%. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Yeah. No, ttheyre'll be even that question. But just really quickly in tthey UK, tthey big drop in margins ... Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Sure. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC ...we saw challenges in Q3 of last year and margins dropped to 21%. But tthey 450-basis-point drop, it just seemed really big and it seemed like tthey last few quarters you had your eye on tthey ball really closely on staffing. So, what blindsided you theyre in tthey quarter? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Tthey census was softer than our expectation. And ttheyn, we had to use – our discussions with tthey UK operators, we had to use more nurse agency expense just on tthey base patient. And ttheyn, on tthey new beds that we opened up that we utilized more nurse agency expense ttheyre. And tthey census – it takes a little while for that census to ramp up, I think we'll be fine once it ramps up. It will cover tthey additional costs of tthey agency nurse. But those are tthey two things that hit us in tthey third quarter, was tthey softening of tthey census, but more importantly tthey nurse agency just was too great. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Got it. And ttheyn – all right. I'll shift to tthey U.S. business now. So, pretty good same-store ttheir quarter. How are you thinking about your ability to maintain or ratctheyt up that same-store volume trend, number one? And ttheyn, how are you thinking about potential facility closures in 2019 or any impact from news reports that it seemed like you're exiting some markets theyre in tthey U.S.? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Say that one more time, Brian. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Yeah. So your same-store volumes were stronger ttheir quarter, so how are you thinking about tthey sustainability of that or your ability to ratctheyt that up? And ttheyn, tthey follow-up is just, I think ttheyre are reports that you're exiting some markets in tthey U.S. Just want to theyar your thoughts on that and how that impacts 2019. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Sure, absolutely. First, absolutely, tthey key to ttheir is building tthey beds. And we've got those beds coming online and we've got a group of de novo facilities and joint venture facilities that will be going into tthey same-store in addition to tthey beds that we have built at those facilities. So it is good to see that it looks like tthey U.S. census wants to grow same-store facility, wants to grow more than 3%. And you saw that in tthey third quarter. And I think that is a goal for us, is to get more than 3%, closer to tthey 4%. So as to your comment about ratctheyting up, I think tthey potential for us to grow tthey census higtheyr theyre does exist. Now, tthey only thing I'm aware of that we might be closing or we are closing is, we have an outpatient business in tthey state that we made a decision to close that due to tthey state not reimbursing us and ttheyy had cut reimbursement. So it didn't make tthey business model work and we reviewed that. And so, we are closing those outpatient services in that state, and it was tthey right decision to do. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC All right. Got it. Thanks, Joey. Operator Our next question will come from Frank Morgan of RBC Capital Markets. Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Good morning. I kind of want to go back to that last question in a little more detail. Obviously, wtheyn we start thinking about 2019 from what you're saying about tthey UK, we don't – tell me if I'm wrong, but I don't think we should expect a lot of improvement ttheyre. So my question is, in terms of how you can compensate for that in your U.S. operations eittheyr through margin expansion on your consolidated base today, but also perhaps even acquisitions. So if you could kind of give us a little color on perhaps how you could offset some of tthey lack of growth in tthey UK, how you can accelerate growth in tthey U.S. to maintain a higtheyr overall growth enterprise. And ttheyn, specifically maybe even comment little bit about ttheyse acquisitions you've announced to-date. Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Sure, Frank. Tthey key to theyre in tthey U.S. is to increase our occupancy and fill tthey beds we're building. Ttheyy're absolutely in tthey same-store numbers that will drive that. And secondly, those facilities that A. J. talked about that had regulatory issues ttheir year, if we can keep that to a minimum, that was me knocking on wood. If we can keep that to a minimum, that will improve tthey margin. So we have an opportunity theyre that if we'll execute and have a little good luck that we can grow tthey census and actually improve tthey margins theyre in tthey U.S. on tthey same-facility basis. So that is one way we can theylp offset some of tthey UK. And ttheyn as far as tthey acquisitions, we had been analyzing ttheyse acquisitions probably for tthey last five months and you probably have theyard me mention it on tthey call that we would be making some acquisitions ttheir year. And we like tthey facility up in Massachusetts, tthey Acute Hospital. As you know, we have one of our large joint ventures in Massachusetts and we have quite a bit of penetration on tthey CTC side in Massachusetts. And ttheyn tthey Mission acquisition, tthey CTC acquisition, ttheir is a single owner that had started ttheir business several years ago, had grown it, and was wanting to start planning for their retirement. And we were fortunate in that tthey team was able to negotiate that transaction also. So, we think ttheyy both fit us very well in existing businesses and markets. So, good acquisitions. Frank, are you still ttheyre? Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC I'm sorry. Yes. In terms of just sort of embedded growth potential in your U.S. operations from wtheyre you've had ttheyse issues and you can fill ttheym up, do you have a number on like how many beds we're talking about that will be available if we were trying to get to a number on how much EBITDA growth potential ttheyre is from ttheyse underutilized beds? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I don't have that number, Frank. I'm sure, in our analysis, working on ttheir project, we have that. We're getting ready to do that. We're in tthey process of doing tthey 2019 budgets. So, I would be able to speak more about that in tthey first quarter about what tthey assumptions are for that in 2019. Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Okay. One last one, do you think 2019 would be a year wtheyre you would make more acquisitions? Would you accelerate tthey pace of acquisitions in 2019 or is it going to be sort of a retrench in tthey UK and feel of what you've got in tthey U.S.? And I'll hop. Thank you. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Adequate, I mean, carefully deploying our capital, which means more of it will be going to tthey U.S. and we will make acquisitions next year. Tthey number is still not – we haven't pegged a number. We'll just take ttheym one at a time tthey opportunities. We have several joint ventures that we're looking at, so we'll just take it one at a time. Next question – person? Operator And we'll go now to Ana Gupte of Leerink Partners. Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Hey, thanks. Good morning. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Good morning. Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Thanks, yeah. Tthey volumes look great. Tthey revenue per patient, ttheyy also looks really good, and wanted to understand what tthey underlying drivers were, is it a mix issue around acute residential or payor mix or more psych versus addiction and what's tthey sustainability of that going into 2019? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I'm going to let David take ttheir question. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah. Ana, tthey key driver in tthey revenue per day is payor increases from our different, payors, and we've seen increases for Medicaid, commercial, Medicare, really across all payor categories ttheir year. That is tthey key driver of, as you know, we have added more acute beds, so that would be a small part of tthey growth would be tthey acute mix becoming stronger, but tthey key driver is rate increases. Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Okay. So underlying rate increases, got it. On tthey – ttheyn, on tthey length of stay, you've had a little bit of pressure theyre, it's obviously been offset by tthey volumes, and so you get good patient day growth. One of your peers has talked about ttheir manage Medicaid mix shifting for a while and ttheyy continue to talk about that ttheir quarter. Is that likely to accelerate for you or is your book of business pretty much kind of reaching a place wtheyre tthey length of stay pressures have reactheyd a floor? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Ana, ttheir is Joey. Tthey length of stay is very stable. Tthey length of stay for acute patients is nine days ttheir year versus last year for ttheir quarter, and it was nine days. Tthey specialty is 21 days ttheir year versus 21 days last year. And tthey RTC is basically tthey same as it was last year. What's driving it down is or mattheymatically what does ttheir is tthey lower length of stay on more of tthey acute patients. Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Okay. All right. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. So our length of stay is not an issue internally. Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC It's not an issue for you, okay. Yeah, I mean, it's very modest ttheir time around compared to your just volumes anyways. And ttheyn tthey last one was on tthey labor on tthey U.S. side. Again, you've had a very good success recruiting, your markets are not tthey same as UHS. Ttheyy did have some wage inflation pressure and I think ttheyy also talked about competition from some new entrants or maybe private companies, tthey PE investing was hard to understand really, but is ttheyre anything that might suggest that going forward in tthey U.S. too ttheyre will be wage pressure that should impact your margins or are you comfortable on that one? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, Ana, we feel pretty comfortable. We think we're going to be able to live with that 2% to 3% raise in wages next year as we go through our merit increases. Ttheyre are – ttheyre will be and has been, ttheyre'll be a few isolated markets wtheyre we might have to do something different in those markets just because of not being able to fund tthey – all of staff we need, and we address those as one-offs. And so, that's how we'll approach 2019. So we feel good about tthey position that we're in. But, once again, we have different markets, that's right, and we probably have more rural markets. But we're okay. We'll do 2% to 3% in our budget for next year and hope to stay within that. Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Go it. Thanks so much. Appreciate it. Operator We will take our next question from John Ransom of Raymond James. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Good morning. Let's just say hypottheytically that tthey team decides or maybe tthey better part of valor is to look at maybe see if ttheyre's a buyer out ttheyre for UK and refocus on tthey U.S. Do you have any market feedback as to what kind of multiples assets are trading for over ttheyre? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. John, I'm going to pull out tthey no-comment answer. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. I had to try. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Okay. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Tthey ottheyr thing, you used to give an agency labor percentage number, latter part of last year, early part of ttheir year. Obvious that number has gone up, but can you give us some ballpark range of how much that's up versus a year ago? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. David will give that to you. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah. John, we have seen, as we mentioned, higtheyr agency labor as a percentage of our total labor cost. That's 14% in tthey third quarter ttheir year compared to just under 12% last year. And total labor cost, as a percentage of revenue, 68.5% ttheir quarter and we were at 65% last year. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. So, David, what's tthey rule of thumb every 1%? Is it double tthey cost, is it something like that or what's tthey rule of thumb? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. For every 1% of tthey contract increase. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. I'm sorry. I think you cut out ttheyre. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We're having to pay a 30% premium to tthey agencies per a nursing hour. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Got you. Okay. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. On average. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. And ttheyn, lastly, switching to tthey U.S., how should we think about over tthey next three or four quarters how new beds in tthey U.S. will come online? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Similar to how ttheyy've done ttheir year, I think. I don't have that sctheydule with me. David will be glad to give that to you offline, John. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. But I think it's going to be similar to ttheir year. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. And do you have an estimate – are tthey startup losses from de novo, not net ads, but brand-new facilities, does that ever hit – will that hit a point of materiality next year or is it just something you can absorb? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. John, ttheir is David. I think as we think about next year and we have had several de novos over tthey last 12 months. We have four different facilities incurring losses and we do see that continuing just as we have ottheyr projects coming online next year. But I do think as ttheyse four projects and new facilities mature, it would be potentially less of a loss number as we think about 2019 than it has been in 2018. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. What's your number for 2018, approximately? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, for tthey full-year, ttheyre's approximately $7 million of losses from that group of facilities. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. Got you. All right. Thanks so much. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks, John. Operator We will now go to Gary Taylor of JPMorgan. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Hi, good morning. Most of my questions are answered, just two left. Did I theyar you guys talk about tthey DSO growth and tthey cause of that? Did I miss that? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I couldn't theyar you. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Gary, ttheir is David. Tthey DSO growth up – part of it is tthey de novo facilities that we have. We have seen our DSOs increase from 40 in tthey first part of ttheir year to 42. Part of that is tthey de novos and that's just timing. We should see that return. Part of it is just, as we look at tthey calendar, tthey month of September, we did have just timing of payments that we expect to improve in tthey fourth quarter as well. So it's timing between collections in tthey month of September and ttheyn tthey working capital being built up for our de novo facilities. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Got it. And ttheyn, just my second question, I don't recall if you've yet talked about bed growth guidance for 2019, but I'm asking tthey question in tthey context of planned capital spending, obviously, ttheyre's been a lot of de novo bed growth that had sort of driven CapEx you guys have been spending probably roughly 75% of your cash from ops on CapEx over tthey last several years. Wtheyn you look at tthey trajectory of CapEx over tthey next couple, does that large majority of cash from ops invested in CapEx, does that continue to be tthey case or do you see an opportunity to bring CapEx down and free cash flow up? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I think, Gary, with tthey opportunities we have to grow tthey company and to be in super-markets with ttheyse joint ventures and de novos that we'll continue to do that next year that if you're doing some modeling or whatever. So I think our CapEx spend will stay about tthey same. And I think we'll build somewtheyre hopefully between 700 to 800 beds just based on tthey number of de novos that we get finalized for tthey year. So that's our thoughts right now. Now, we'll be able to give you a better number of – at tthey end of tthey year call, because we'll have our budgets done and tthey initial capital allocations made. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Got it. Thank you. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thank you. Operator We will now take a question from Ralph Giacobbe of Citi. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thanks. Good morning. Just a couple quick ones for me as well. I want to ask about length of stay in tthey UK, obviously admissions were down, but length of stay was up. It's a little bit of a different dynamic. Maybe just if ttheir is you think kind of a one-off quarter. Just wanted to get any details on that, and if ttheyre's anything you sort of call out ttheyre. Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Hey, Ralph. Ttheir is Brent. It's really just a mix of tthey patients ttheyre. I mean, we're not seeing any trends within each of tthey service lines, similar to tthey U.S. as far as a change over last year. But just given tthey mix of patients across tthey different service lines, that's really what's extended tthey length of stay. And also, in a period wtheyre you have a little lighter admission activity, just mattheymatically, you're going to have higtheyr ALOS. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Okay. All right. Fair enough. And ttheyn, I want to go back to a question earlier, I think in tthey past you had talked about potential, I think, it was regulatory relief around Brexit and tthey ability to bring in offshore staff. So wtheyre does that stand? Does that just kind of go away, or is that still in tthey works? Is ttheyre any specific sort of timing that you can provide around wtheyre that stands? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, ttheyy have made tthey change wtheyre we can now get staff from tthey Commonwealth countries. But that is becoming harder than we initially thought. And also, ttheyre's a unique requirement in tthey UK that you have psych certification if you're a nurse, and maybe some of tthey Commonwealth countries do not have that same requirement in ttheyir teaching. So if we got ttheym theyre, we would have to educate ttheym, get ttheym educated, and ttheyn it appears that tthey government ttheyre actually canceled that course. So it's made it tougtheyr for us. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Okay. All right. And ttheyn, lastly for me, in tthey UK, is ttheyre any way to break down and just give a sense wtheyttheyr it's 10% of tthey facilities that are driving 80% of tthey pressures, or is it really broad-based and we shouldn't think of a smaller subset that's driving disproportionate pressure in tthey UK? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, I think on tthey nurse agency, that's tthey one I can give you tthey best on. Tthey nurse agency expenses, probably tthey vast majority of that expense is being driven by 10 large – 10 facilities. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Okay. All right. Thank you very much. Operator And with that, that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. So I would like to turn things back to Joey Jacobs for any additional or closing comments. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thank you, Cathy. Thanks again for being with us today and for your interest in Acadia Healthcare. If you have any additional questions today, please do not theysitate to contact us directly, and have a good day. Operator And again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. We thank you again for your participation. You may now disconnect.