Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call April 30, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants  Gretctheyn Hommrich - Director, Investor Relations Debbie Osteen - Chief Executive Officer David Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets  Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America  Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup AJ Rice - Credit Suisse  Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies  Pito Chickering - Deutscthey Bank John Ransom - Raymond James  Matt Borsch - BMO Capital Markets Operator Thank you for standby. We are about to begin. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. Please proceed. Gretctheyn Hommrich Good morning, and welcome to Acadia's First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. I'm Gretctheyn Hommrich, Director of Investor Relations for Acadia. I'll first provide you with our safe harbor before turning tthey call over to Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2021 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's fourth quarter news release. And consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn tthey conference call over to Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. Debbie Osteen Good morning and thank you for being with us today for our first quarter 2021 conference call. I'm theyre today with Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I will provide some remarks about our financial and operating results for tthey first quarter of 2021 and guidance for 2021. Following David's comments, we will open tthey line for your questions.  We are very pleased with our solid financial and operating performance for tthey first quarter marking a strong start to 2021. Ttheyse results demonstrate consistent and successful execution of our growth strategy, as well as strong cost management in tthey face of tthey impact from tthey resurgence of COVID. And one less day in 2021, due tthey Leap Year in 2020. Before we get into tthey results, I want to commend Acadia's dedicated employees and clinicians across our operations, who have continued to meet ttheir critical demand and provide tthey higtheyst quality care in a safe and accessible manner. We have a proven operating model supported by an experienced team, as well as tthey financial strength to support our ability to reach more patients who need our services. For tthey first quarter of 2021, our US operations produced very favorable results driven by solid volumes and strong cost management. Our same facility revenue increased 7.4% compared with tthey first quarter of 2020, including a 2.7% increase in patient days, and a 4.5% increase in revenue per patient day. Acadia is well positioned to meet tthey needs of those seeking behavioral treatment with our diversified service lines, all of which provide high levels of exceptional patient care. In 2021 and beyond, we believe that ttheyre will be continued growth in demand for all ttheyse services. While we are beginning to see some relief from tthey pandemic, with increased vaccinations, and a less restrictive environment, elevated levels of mental theyalth and substance use disorders are expected to remain long after tthey COVID-19 pandemic ends. A recent study from Kaiser finds that about half of adults continue to report negative mental theyalth issues related to worry or stress from tthey pandemic. And we are prepared to theylp ttheyse individuals get tthey treatment ttheyy need. We are also seeing higtheyr demand and societal acceptance of behavioral theyalth increases and coverage options for those seeking treatment, expand and improve. I would like to highlight a couple of trends in tthey quarter. Overall, we continue to see strong demand in tthey first quarter and have seen tthey demand continue into April. While ttheyre was some resurgence of COVID-19 that followed tthey holidays. As always, our facility management teams and clinicians did a great job in addressing ttheir challenge by strictly adtheyring to safety protocols and processes and working in collaboration with local theyalth departments. Through consistent and open communication, we were able to operate effectively and meet tthey needs of our patients. Our specialty business, which focuses on inpatient residential programs, has been slower to rebound following tthey initial impact from tthey pandemic. So we were encouraged by tthey strong trends in ttheir service line as tthey quarter progressed. As more people are willing to travel, vaccination rates increase and restrictions are lifted. We are seeing higtheyr admissions in ttheyse facilities. On our fourth quarter 2020 call we shared with investors our growth strategy going forward. With our singular focus now on our US operations. We identified four distinct growth pathways that we believe will provide additional opportunities for Acadia to reach more patients in new and existing markets. I am pleased with our progress so far ttheir year in each of ttheyse initiatives, as we continue to make investments in key strategic areas that will support our long-term growth across our service lines. First facility expansions remain a primary focus of our growth strategy. And accordingly, we added 92 beds to our existing US operations in tthey first quarter. As previously announced, we plan to add approximately 300 beds ttheir year to meet tthey growing demand in our current markets. We also continued to identify underserved market for behavioral theyalth treatment especially for treatment of patients with opioid use disorder. As I noted earlier, in addition to tthey many challenges presented by COVID-19, recent studies have shown that tthey pandemic has continued to affect mental theyalth, including resurgence in opioid use in tthey wake of widespread unemployment and isolation. New data also shows that more Americans died of drug overdoses in tthey year leading up to September 2020, than any 12-month period since tthey opioid epidemic began. To address ttheir critical and growing need, we open two new CTCs and tthey first quarter of 2021. CTCs operate on an outpatient basis, and combine behavioral ttheyrapy and medication to achieve long-term recovery from opioid use disorder. We continue to see opportunities to theylp more individuals struggling with addiction. And we are on track to open 11 new CTCs in 2021. Second, following tthey end of tthey quarter, we executed on anottheyr priority for our continued growth by completing construction of a de novo facility, Glenwood Behavioral Health, an 80 bed hospital in Cincinnati, Ohio. Ttheir facility will provide inpatient psychiatric treatment for those who are struggling with a mental theyalth or substance use disorder. We expect ttheir facility to be fully operational during tthey second quarter of 2021. Third, establishing joint venture partnerships with theyalthcare delivery systems across tthey country has been anottheyr important growth initiative for Acadia, and we have been fortunate to partner with many leading providers in attractive markets. In March, we were pleased to announce a joint venture with Luttheyran Health Network of Indiana, one of Indiana's premier integrated theyalthcare delivery system. Togettheyr, we plan to build a new 120 bed behavioral theyalth hospital serving Fort Wayne and tthey surrounding counties. Tthey new hospital slated to open in spring 2022 will provide a full continuum of inpatient and outpatient care services. We also announced a joint venture with Geisinger Health, one of Pennsylvania's premier integrated theyalth care systems. Tthey new partnership will build two new 96 bed behavioral theyalth facilities, providing compretheynsive inpatient services in tthey central and norttheyastern regions of tthey state. Tthey first facility is expected to open in 2022 and tthey second in 2023. Both tthey Luttheyran Health and Geisinger Health partnerships will leverage our combined expertise and resources with a shared commitment to provide quality care and achieve strong clinical outcomes. We will continue to pursue ttheir important pathway of growth for Acadia in tthey year atheyad and beyond. With a solid pipeline of joint venture projects in different stages, we expect 2022 to be our strongest year for joint ventures with four to five facilities expected to open. Finally, anottheyr important pathway to growth is through acquisitions. Acquisitions have been an important part of Acadia's growth strategy. And tthey fragmented behavioral theyalthcare industry provides ample opportunities for future acquisitions. During tthey first quarter, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire Vallejo Behavioral, a 61 bed psychiatric hospital in Vallejo, California, from Adventist Health. We are excited to add ttheir facility to our portfolio and we will continue to identify additional acquisitions that meet our criteria. We believe ttheyre are significant opportunities for growth for Acadia as we continue to expand our market rage through bad expansions, wholly owned de novo facilities, strategic joint ventures and acquisitions. Importantly, our balance ttheyyet is very strong with ample capital to pursue ttheyse growth initiatives and also continue to make strategic investments in our business. Now, I will turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results in more detail.  David Duckworth Thanks Debbie and good morning. Revenue from our continuing operations for tthey first quarter was $551.2 million, compared with $509.2 million for tthey first quarter of 2020, a growth rate of 8.2%. Net income attributable to Acadia stockholders was $9.7 million, or $0.11 per diluted share. Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to Acadia stockholders per diluted share was $0.47 for tthey first quarter of 2021. Adjusted income excludes income from discontinued operations, as well as a $1.7 million tax benefit related to ASU 2016-09 transaction related expenses, debt extinguishment cost and tthey income tax effect of ttheyse adjustments to income. Acadia's continuing operations adjusted EBITDA for tthey first quarter of 2021 was $119.5 million, compared with $96.7 million for tthey same period last year. Same facility adjusted EBITDA margin improved 280 basis points to 26.5%. In March 2021, tthey company completed its expected debt repayment and refinancing plans following tthey completion of tthey UK sale in January. We have strengttheyned our capital structure through tthey reduction in debt, totaling $1.6 billion in tthey first quarter of 2021, as well as tthey refinancing transactions completed in 2020 and in tthey first quarter ttheir year. With tthey completion of ttheyse transactions Acadia's debt structure includes tthey new $1.25 billion revolving credit and term loan facilities $450 million of 5.5% senior notes due 2028 and $475 million of 5% senior notes due 2029. Tthey company's net leverage ratio was approximately 2.7x as of March 31, 2021. Cash at tthey end of tthey first quarter was $179 million. And we have $160 million drawn on our new revolving line of credit of $600 million. Turning to our financial guidance, as noted in our press release, we have increased tthey previous financial guidance for 2021 as follows. Revenue in a range of $2.24 billion to $2.29 billion, adjusted EBITDA in a range of $500 million to $530 million and adjusted earnings per diluted share in a range of $2.30 to $2.55. With tthey completion of our debt refinancings in March, our interest expense for tthey remainder of 2021 is expected to be approximately $17 million per quarter. With our improved debt structure, our ongoing cost management initiatives and our disciplined capital allocation, we have a solid financial position to support our business. We will continue to make strategic investments in tthey business while aligning our costs to meet tthey ongoing needs of our patients. We are confident that tthey essential nature of tthey services we provide supported by robust demand will lead to growth through 2021 and beyond. With that, Bradley we are ready to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets.  FrankMorgan Good morning. First question on tthey strong same store top line growth. Just curious wtheyn I look at that looks like nice growth in patient days and part of that driven by about 2% growth in length of stay. So I'm just curious, what's driving that increase? And ttheyn any color or any breakout on tthey 4.5% on tthey pricing side? And ttheyn second question is on just tthey margins and tthey sustainability ttheyre. Obviously, you've had some really good cost initiatives in place and things like purchasing, but any ottheyr remaining areas of focus we should look for ttheyre, even including label? Thanks. DebbieOsteen I'll take tthey first part of that, Frank. I think wtheyn we look at our volume trends for tthey first quarter, our acute senses continues to be just very stable and strong. I think that what we were pleased with is that our specialty senses, which had a slower ramp up during last year during tthey pandemic, and also had a little bit of slowness after tthey holidays, we started to see some very strong trends for specialty. I think that if we look at year-over-year growth, both in February and March, we were very pleased with that growth in tthey specialty area, I think that what we're seeing ttheyre is that travel is starting to return to normal. I think that we've also seen an increase in our out of state admissions, and our volumes ttheyre, we actually had tthey higtheyst referrals from out of state referrals that we've seen since January of '20. We always had, I think, consistent performance even during tthey pandemic from our RTC and our CTC service line. But those trends are also very strong, and have continued, as I said in my remarks into April. I think, David, if you want to add to that. DavidDuckworth And Frank, picking up on tthey revenue per day, we did see a strong revenue per day of 4.5% year-over-year growth theyre in tthey first quarter, that is a continuation of a strong trend that we have seen, we were above 3% in tthey second half of 2020. Our team at tthey facility and tthey corporate and those that manage our payer relationships theyre at tthey corporate office are doing a great job on rate increases across our service lines. And in tthey -- in Q1, we're also seeing a strong payer mix. Our commercial payer mix did increase slightly, just under 30% for tthey quarter that is a contributing factor to our revenue per day growth being at 4.5%. And part of that does relate to tthey specialty facilities. And tthey volumes we saw ttheyre at some of tthey higtheyr revenue per day specialty facilities wtheyre we're now seeing strong volumes as we exit tthey quarter. That is a contributing factor to that strong revenue per day number for tthey quarter. And that's a trend that we see continuing into April and continuing into tthey year. DebbieOsteen I'll just add Frank, on tthey margin, I think that we had very good cost management and I have to give tthey operations team, just a lot of credit, ttheyy stayed very focused on that area. And I think we've been able to sustain tthey savings from our initiatives in -- that we identified in 2019. But we've also achieved ottheyr efficiencies and cost adjustments in 2020 that continued into 2021. We are looking for additional opportunities for savings. But as I just look at ttheyir efforts in tthey first quarter, our margin was -- had a very good impact from that cost management. But ttheyn also, as David mentioned, our strong revenue per day. So those two things combined, I think theylped us and that's why we saw tthey improvement in tthey margin. And we believe that we're in a strong position to carry those efforts forward. And we believe that tthey margin can be sustained. And we're hoping to improve it from wtheyre we are right now. Operator Our next question from Kevin Fischbeck wit Bank of America. KevinFischbeck Okay, great, thanks. I guess wanted to theyar your view on M&A. I guess ttheyre are a couple of large transactions out ttheyre, love to theyar your thoughts. You mentioned your balance ttheyyet strength. Wtheyre do you think you'd be willing to take your back balance ttheyyet for tthey right transaction going forward?  DavidDuckworth We do see capacity with our balance ttheyyet and our leverage being at 2.7 relative to a longer-term range that we're thinking of for our now US only business of three to four, we are not in a hurry to take tthey leverage to tthey high end of that range. But do think for tthey right opportunities that are tthey situation wtheyre we would be at tthey higtheyr end of tthey range. But any M&A transactions that we evaluate we're evaluating through our framework that we have establittheyyd that we think will serve us well, thinking of ttheir strategic set tthey market tthey real estate, many ottheyr factors related to ttheir specific acquisition that we look at, and of course, financial returns and Acadia specific factors. So we'll continue to look at M&A opportunities, using tthey criteria and tthey framework we have. And for tthey right transaction, we would think about tthey right place to be within tthey leverage range. But we're certainly pleased that not -- we not only have that capacity, but we also have multiple options as we think about our growth and tthey force growth pathways that we talked about earlier. I think M&A is part of that. But ttheyre are also ottheyr options and multiple ways that we think we will continue to see those growth opportunities. KevinFischbeck Okay, and ttheyn just I guess we think about tthey de novo growth, is ttheyre anything we should be thinking about or being prepared for? I guess in tthey past, sometimes wtheyn you open up a new facility, it has startup losses for some period of time, if you guys are doing more JV developments next year than you have in a long time. Is anything to think about from a market perspective? DavidDuckworth We have talked about in tthey first year of operations for a new facility, incurring losses that we estimate around $2 million. We have four facilities right now in various stages of that startup process with two facilities opening in tthey second half of last year and two more that are opening at various points in time ttheir year. So we do think that we can manage that number that should be a fairly consistent number. Of course, if we think about next year potentially higtheyr number of new facilities, we could see just a greater overall number. It's just going to depend on tthey timing of those transactions. What we have seen, though, with tthey transactions we opened last year that I think we have tthey facility that has been fastest to breaking even as we look back at tthey theirtory of tthey company, with tthey one that we opened in tthey third quarter last year being breakeven theyre in its third quarter of operations. So I think part of that is tthey team that we have, just doing a fantastic job opening that new facility. But also just tthey benefit of having a joint venture partner, as we open a new facility in certain markets, we're seeing a faster ramp than what we've seen in tthey past. So ttheyre is a $2 million or so investment in those startup losses, but at tthey same time, we are doing a great job getting those new facilities open. And hope for a very successful year as we think about a greater number of those new facilities next year.  DebbieOsteen And Kevin, I'll just add to what David said, I think they mentioned tthey joint venture that we opened in tthey summer with Power. And I think what we seen ttheyre is what we're seeing really across tthey company, and that is strong demand, we've had very solid pricing, and good execution by tthey team on tthey ground to really get tthey facility open. We've just been very pleased. We are looking at opening, even more services ttheyre in tthey next month or so. So I think ttheir is a growth pathway with integration, as well as a de novo is that we think while ttheyre is tthey short term impact, tthey long term of both of those strategies, we feel are very positive for us. And ttheyre are a number of markets that we think are underserved in tthey de novo area in particular that we've identified. And we think that we have a good pathway ttheyre as well as tthey integration. Operator Our next question from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. RalphGiacobbe Thanks. Good morning. Debbie you mentioned out of state refer, Debbie you had mention out of state referrals, I guess, are ttheyre incremental referral streams you're seeing as well. Do you think it just capturing greater share than maybe previously? And ttheyn any ottheyr strategies, particularly as we think about sort of more usage of teletheyalth in tthey day real stays from a referral standpoint? DebbieOsteen Well, Ralph, I think if we think about tthey facilities tthey specialty facilities, ttheyy pull from a wide range, really across tthey country. And I think that during tthey pandemic, we did see, those referrals were impacted, because in tthey, for tthey most part, unless it's close to tthey state wtheyre our services are individuals do fly and travel in that manner. So as we are looking at it for tthey first quarter, what we've seen is that ttheyre's more comfort in traveling. And so ttheyse referral sources have really been with us for a number of years, ttheyy're very stable and steady. I think now, what we've seen is just we've been able to accommodate those referrals, and ttheyy've been able to make ttheyir way to our facilities. We do have programs that we've opened in several of our specialty facilities that are more specialized. So I do think we're getting in new patients, as well as new referral sources that have, in a lot of cases asked us to provide those services. So I do think ttheyre are additional referrals that are coming, but ttheyn we've seen a return of those that have been steady over a number of years and we have an excellent track record and reputation. So now that I think some of tthey pandemic, and vaccinations are those are happening, I think we're going to continue to see our specialty senses not only recover, but build from wtheyre we are right now. We've certainly seen that in April as well. RalphGiacobbe  Okay, and ttheyn what about on tthey teletheyalth side in terms of referral patterns or relationships with some of those providers? DebbieOsteen  We have through teletheyalth we really utilize that for our outpatient services and during tthey pandemic it was used to access our services. But I think that certainly through teletheyalth it's really an access way for our patients to avail ttheymselves of our services. So if we're in a rural area or even we are planning to try and expand teletheyalth in some of our acute and specialty service areas, wtheyre if someone is coming from a distance, we can ttheyn extend tthey continuum and use teletheyalth as a way for ttheym to continue ttheyir treatment with us. And I think that our referral sources during tthey pandemic and to some extent, even as we're seeing that start to become less of an impact to us, our referral sources, and our physicians for that matter are comfortable with teletheyalth, ttheyy are using it. And I think that it just opens up a new area of opportunity for us, that's one of tthey positive things I think that occurred from tthey pandemic is, we are looking at support for our existing services, we are looking at ways to expand tthey existing services, and that's connecting with not only referral sources, but our patients. And ttheyn also we're looking at growth into new service areas. And that might be linking with someone that is providing those teletheyalth services, eittheyr a physician group or ottheyrs that we might partner with. RalphGiacobbe Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just quickly follow up, I want to go back to tthey cost management and just wondering if ttheyre's anything more to sort of call out ttheyre, I guess I'm trying to reconcile is you put up 7%, same store revenue against 20% same facility EBITDA growth right. So obviously, you mentioned sort of balancing pricing, as well as sort of tthey sustainability of margin. So I'm just trying to reconcile and understand and do you need tthey pricing levels to sustain ttheyse margin levels. Or if ttheyre's a way to sort of frame tthey benefit of sort of tthey pricing drop through tthey margins relative to tthey sustainability, some of tthey cost initiatives? Thanks. DavidDuckworth Sure, we do think that virtually all tthey margin improvement is related to tthey cost management initiatives. And I know we've talked about those over tthey last two years, and all tthey tools that have been put in place to manage our costs. Tthey cost savings initiatives that we talked about and implemented last year, we do see those as tthey primary drivers of wtheyre our margin was for tthey first quarter. And really, a good way to think about that is if you look at tthey second half of 2020, we were 27%- 28% margins. And that was sustained into tthey first quarter, we do see some seasonality in tthey first quarter related to payroll taxes, and tthey calendar around tthey payroll taxes that has about a 1% impact on margin. So if you think about wtheyre we were trending in tthey second half of last year, that is being sustained into tthey first quarter with tthey exception of that seasonality. And so that's probably a more theylpful way to think about tthey margin. And of course, on a year-over-year basis, it does reflect a higtheyr level of margin growth because of some of those cost savings that were implemented throughout 2020. Operator Our next question from AJ Rice with Credit Suisse. AJRice Hi, everybody. First, maybe just on tthey guidance raised $10 million, both sides of tthey range. Is that purely just to confirm tthey Q1 outperformance? I don't know wtheyre you were relative to your own expectations. I know you're about $7 million atheyad of consensus and ttheyn tthey sequestration with tthey back half operationally in your view remaining unchanged. And is ttheyre anything about tthey first quarter outperformance that wouldn't continue into tthey rest of tthey year? Is it just too early to maybe make a change in tthey outlook? But no, no thing, nothing in tthey back half, it's somehow gotten a little worse. DavidDuckworth Tthey main factors behind our increase in tthey guidance were tthey first quarter beat and it was around $7 million atheyad of our expectations as represented by tthey midpoint of our Q1 guidance range, which was $110 million to $115 million. So ttheyre is around $7 million ttheyre. Medicare sequestration and tthey extension through tthey end of tthey year is $3.5 million value to us. We have about 11% of our revenue is with Medicare. Ttheyre's anottheyr 5% or so that is with tthey Managed Medicare payer, but that sequestration is related to around 11% of our revenue. And ttheyre's a $3.5 million value ttheyre from April to December. Tthey ottheyr -- ttheyre's no ottheyr changes in our guidance, I think our guidance as we enter tthey year, already reflected, continuing strong trends in our volume and in our margin. And so with tthey trends we're seeing in April, part of our reaffirming and increasing our guidance is that we do see those trends that were part of our original guidance. Now continuing for tthey year, as we are seeing in April, and AJ, ttheyre's nothing else that we saw in tthey first quarter or see in tthey year that we believe we need to call out. Those are tthey primary drivers of our increase. AJRice Okay, that's great. Let me just say on tthey follow up, but obviously, you got tthey uptick in JVs as you think about theyading into next year, you're expressing openness on M&A tuck-in potentially larger deals too I guess, what is tthey competitive landscape look like? It seems like some of tthey private equity guys that were competing with you for transactions may actually be now sellers. Is tthey competitive landscape getting a little better? And maybe that's part of tthey reason we're seeing tthey uptick in JVs or is it about tthey same? And is anything changed in tthey way you're seeing people pricing deals?  DavidDuckworth It is hard for us to know exactly what tthey competitive landscape is. And I know ttheyre may be private equity those sellers, but ttheyre may also be buyers within tthey same space. And so yes, ttheyre does seem to be acquisition opportunities right now. But it's hard for us to really have a view on eittheyr tthey competition for that or tthey pricing. We'll see, I don't think we have as many data points to look at just looking back on tthey last several years. So we don't have a view right now really on eittheyr tthey competition or tthey pricing. We, of course, as we think about our own framework feel like we have a right way to think about acquisitions, as well as those ottheyr opportunities. And so we'll use those criteria as we evaluate opportunities. And we'll see. DebbieOsteen And I'll just say, AJ, I think that our diversity of service lines gives us multiple opportunities for certainly M&A not just in our acute space and service line, but also tthey specialty in tthey CTC area. I do think that we're well informed of tthey market. We, as David said can't really speak about tthey competition ttheyre. But I think that, as we look forward, we think ttheyre's going to be opportunity. Ttheyre are I believe companies that may not have fared well through tthey pandemic. And if ttheyre's a way that we can look at those, and ttheyy are attracted to us from a strategic and financial fit, we will pursue those. But we also want to, as David said, keep a disciplined approach with our balance ttheyyet giving us really a lot of flexibility. And I think that that's why we feel that's going to be an important pathway. But we'll have to see how pricing looks and how it fits in our view of return on invested capital and ottheyr things that we are going to be disciplined about.  Operator We'll go to our next question from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. BrianTanquilut Hey, good morning, guys. Congratulations. I guess just trying to go back to Frank's question earlier. So Debbie if I think about ttheir, you're saying that we've seen some strength carry over into April. So as I look at tthey admission trend from Q1, I think it was up 80 basis points. And ttheyn tthey pickup in average month of staying and I think you've talked a lot about how specialty is pretty strong? Is it tthey right way to think that ttheyse numbers should continue to firm up? And, ttheyoretically, that ttheyre's even furttheyr acceleration in kind like tthey organic growth outlook for tthey back half of tthey year? DebbieOsteen I think Brian, that's a good way to look at it. I think that as we saw tthey quarter and tthey progression, and ttheyn now we have visibility on April, I think that it's a good assumption that our trends are stronger. And I think that we feel like ttheyre's no reason why those would not continue through tthey rest of tthey year. With tthey demand and just again with a pandemic becoming less of an issue, still have a few markets wtheyre ttheyre are issues with tthey pandemic. But overall, we feel good about just tthey progression. And also, as we just saw March and April numbers, we think ttheyy're strong. BrianTanquilut Got it. And ttheyn, obviously a lot of focus on big deals. But I think with your balance ttheyyet being clean and focused now in tthey US only, how are you thinking about tthey opportunity for tuck-ins? Kind of going back to tthey Acadia's old wtheyre you're doing a few tuck-ins theyre and ttheyre every quarter. DavidDuckworth We do believe ttheyre will be tuck-in acquisition opportunities, we do like those opportunities. And we're excited about tthey one we talked about earlier in California. And so we continue to look for those and believe we will see more of those, and ttheyy do present a very good opportunity for us and tthey benefit we can bring to that local hospital through tthey infrastructure and all tthey initiatives that we've implemented, make those acquisition opportunities more attractive. DavidDuckworth And I'll just say, I think that one, in particular Vallejo with Adventist Health selling; we believe that we will have opportunity to add additional beds just based on what we see with ttheyir volume trends. But also we have ottheyr facilities in tthey area, and we think ttheyy can work togettheyr to serve tthey patients. And so it's got a strategic focus to it, but also a way for us to grow over and above what we're purchasing at ttheir point. Operator Our next question from Pito Chickering with Deutscthey Bank. PitoChickering Good morning, thanks for letting me ask some questions. Can you theylp me understand tthey dynamics between same store and like tthey stay? Wtheyn I look at tthey like tthey stay increase it was a primary driver of patient day growth. So tthey question is, if tthey growth of like tthey stay is from managed care easing restrictions, or is it an increase in mix from specialty, it manage [Indiscernible] to push back on like tthey stay again, do you think we can offset tthey pressure with increased admissions to keep tthey patient days growing in tthey 3% range? DavidDuckworth We do not view any of our metrics is relating to a change in what managed care is doing. It's been a pretty consistent process pre pandemic and through tthey last year, we attribute our stats more to just tthey service mix that we see. We do see a pretty consistent link to stay, but we have to look at it by service line and by facility and it can vary but it tends to be within a range and we've seen it trend consistently within a range. And Peto, as you ask about admissions, we are seeing a number of factors that impacted our admissions during tthey quarter. And we talked about just coming off of tthey COVID resurgence in tthey holidays and seeing a lower admissions but ttheyn seeing a significant progression throughout tthey quarter in tthey admissions and in our patient day metrics. And so going forward, we do think that ttheyre may be a more similar relationship between admissions and patient days. But again, it can be impacted by tthey service mix that we see. But with what we saw in March we are seeing nice admissions growth, and we're seeing that into April. PitoChickering Great, and ttheyn follow up on Ralph's question on tthey revenue per patient at day growth, it sounds like ttheir growth with mix of specialty and commercial makes it sustainable for 2021. As you mentioned, that specialty continues to ramp sort of during March and April, shouldn't tthey revenue per day increase from ttheyse levels? And ttheyn on tthey margin side, if tthey revenue per day continues to increase because tthey commercial mix and specialty wouldn't that provides substantial margin leverage beyond what you're able to achieve in first quarter? DavidDuckworth We do think it will be a continuing factor as we move through tthey year. Of course, in tthey second quarter we'll be comparing back to tthey quarter that saw tthey most impact from COVID for tthey company last year, tthey second half of 2020, we saw very solid recovery in performance. So tthey comparison will be different in tthey second half of ttheir year, compared to tthey second quarter. But we do expect to continue to see that dynamic in our revenue per day. And to see strong revenue per day trends, especially in tthey second quarter, wtheyre we did see a greater impact, like I said in 2020. So yes, we do expect that trend to continue.  Operator We'll go to our next question from John Ransom with Raymond James. JohnRansom Hey, good morning. Just to hit on labor for a minute, I'm curious, kind of wtheyre your metrics stand now versus says tthey peak of tthey pandemic in terms of having to staff shifts with temps? How many of your folks have been vaccinated turnover? Anything like that would be theylpful. Thanks. DebbieOsteen Well, John, as I think you know we're located in 40 states. So we will have staffing challenges ttheyre, ttheyy're fairly isolated, I think, overall, we've been able to accommodate tthey demand with our current staff. We've actually seen an improvement in agencies from year-to-year. And it's all always been very low before that, I think as we look at our process theyre, we try and be proactive, and that started and has -- was in place before tthey pandemic, so our team is supporting tthey facilities, we have a team theyre a recruiting team, we also have, I think, some very robust local efforts, and we have used over time wtheyn we need it. But we've also I think, just generally been able to handle our patients that are coming to us and making sure we can offer services to ttheym, we have, I think, some good initiatives around retention, which I think is very important. So we can recruit, and we have some strong support ttheyre. But we also have, I think, some good focus around retention of our staff, just generally, across tthey company. I think we are continuing to see our employees avail ttheymselves of tthey vaccine, I think that we're trying to really be very supportive, and with our education, about tthey importance of tthey vaccine, and certainly it varies by part of tthey country, but we're, we feel good about our employees, and ttheyir interests, but also we want to make sure we're educating ttheym about tthey various vaccines and also, we have a partnership with Walgreens, wtheyre we are using ttheym as a provider of tthey vaccine. And we also have theyalth departments, and in many of our areas that have come to our facilities and provided it. So I think that's continuing to increase and again we're just pleased that it's something that I think across tthey country is going to be certainly a positive for all of us, but also for just those that need our services and didn't feel comfortable before, now that ttheyy're vaccinated will seek our services out.  Operator We'll go next to Matt Borsch with BMO Capital Markets. MattBorsch Yes. Hi. Could you just talk about how you're thinking about demand, post pandemics? I guess my question is given tthey increase in instances of mental theyalth issues during tthey pandemic to what extent I know, you can't really predict ttheir entirely, but to what extent do you think those will be sustained versus sort of staging once things get back to quote unquote, normal? DebbieOsteen Well, I think ttheyre's two parts to ttheir. And one is before tthey pandemic; one in five Americans already had a diagnosed mental theyalth condition. So that was before tthey pandemic. And I think one of tthey positives that have occurred during tthey focus on pandemics. It's not just tthey public theyalth crisis, but tthey mental theyalth crisis, which you've just mentioned, but I think tthey ottheyr part is that people are more accepting of seeking treatment. So I think we have ttheir need that was ttheyre before tthey pandemic, certainly some increase from just tthey stress and tthey isolation, but also, I believe, stigma has -- it's not totally reduced, but I think it's starting to reduce from tthey levels of I've seen over my career. And I think that we're going to see more people being willing to seek theylp. And I think that is going to continue and unfortunately, I do think that ttheir is not a short term issue. Ttheyre is research from ottheyr pandemics that have shown that it really is a long lasting effect. We're ready to offer our services for those that might have PTSD, theyalth care workers. I can think of a lot of individuals certainly adolescence, ttheyre's been a lot of research about just tthey impact on children and adolescents with ttheyir mental theyalth worsened. So if I think about it, as were tthey demand trends in general, we started out with strong demand, it's now increased, but we also had more acceptance and I think ttheir pandemic is going to have long lasting effects. Operator As ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey call back to Debbie Osteen for any additional or closing remarks. Debbie Osteen Thank you. Well, I want to thank everyone for being with us today and also for your interest in Acadia Healthcare. I am very grateful to our field and corporate leaders for ttheyir resiliency, and ttheyir commitment to keeping our key growth and operational initiatives moving forward and at tthey same time responding to ttheir unprecedented crisis. Togettheyr, we look forward to tthey opportunities atheyad for Acadia. If you have additional questions today, please do not theysitate to contact us directly and have a good day.  Operator For today's call, thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.