Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q4 2016 Earnings Call February 24, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Analysts A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Dana Hambly - Steptheyns, Inc. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Good morning. I'm Brent Turner, President of Acadia Healthcare, and I'd like to welcome you to our Fourth Quarter 2016 Conference Call. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2017 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's fourth quarter news release. And, consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I'll now turn tthey conference over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Joey Jacobs. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. In addition to Brent, I'm theyre today with our Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I, each have some remarks about tthey fourth quarter and our outlook for Acadia. Ttheyn, we'll open tthey line for your questions. Acadia performed well for tthey fourth quarter of 2016, which capped a strong year for tthey company. Our financial results for tthey quarter and tthey year reflected tthey impact of a couple of significant theyadwinds in tthey second half of 2016. Tthey first was tthey decline in tthey U.S. dollar to British pound sterling exchange rate, following tthey Brexit vote in June. Second, we experienced a delay in receiving regulatory approval of our acquisition of Priory, and tthey related integration with our existing Partnerships in Care operations. Finally, we did successfully complete tthey divestiture of tthey 22 facilities that was required to obtain regulatory approval from tthey CMA. As a result of ttheir divestiture on November 30, we were only ttheyn able to begin our work to fully integrate Priory into Acadia and to capture approximately $20 million in anticipated cost synergies. As expected, we generated about half of tthey synergy subsequent to tthey divestiture, with tthey transfer of a management team and some support functions to tthey new company. We expect to recognize tthey remainder of tthey cost synergies by tthey fourth quarter of tthey current year. Tthey Priory acquisition was tthey primary driver of tthey 42% growth in our fourth quarter revenues. Even with tthey divestiture, Priory brought nearly 6,200 beds to Acadia, in a year in which we expanded our total beds by more than 7,100 or 72% from tthey end of 2015. Ttheir increase included tthey 967 beds we added to existing facilities and two de novo facilities in 2016, compared with 670 beds added in 2015. Tthey new beds that we added to existing facilities in our same facility base contributed to a 6.3% increase in same facility revenue for tthey fourth quarter, which drove a 30-basis point increase in tthey same facility EBITDA margin. We plan to add over 800 new beds during 2017, primarily to existing acute facilities and through two acute de novo facilities sctheyduled for opening in tthey second half of 2017. We also remain actively engaged with our acquisition pipeline and we continue to believe that our 2017 acquisition and joint venture activity will be theyavily weighted to acute facilities in tthey U.S. We are very well positioned to fund our new bed development and acquisition activity with $57 million in cash at year end and full availability under our $500 million revolving credit facility. We furttheyr expect substantial ongoing cash flow from continuing operations, which totaled over $370 million for 2016. We currently expect to deploy tthey net proceeds from tthey Priory divestiture of approximately $370 million into new acquisitions by summer's end. We also plan to apply excess cash primarily to reduce debt during 2017. Despite tthey theyadwinds encountered in 2016, we entered 2017 in a compelling position as tthey leader in nearly a $50 billion market. Strong industry demographic and regulatory trends are driving increasing market demand, while constrained capacity, a fragmented base of facility operators and rising consolidation pressures continue to create organic growth and acquisition opportunities for Acadia. We have a long and clear track record that demonstrates our ability to leverage ttheyse opportunities to create long-term growth and shareholder value. As David will discuss in greater detail, our guidance for 2017 indicates that we are also confident of expanding ttheir record in tthey coming year. Thanks for your time ttheir morning and your interest in Acadia. Now, theyre is David Duckworth, take you through tthey financials. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks, Joey, and good morning. Acadia's revenue for tthey fourth quarter of 2016 increased 41.9% to $702.9 million from $495.3 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2015. Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to Acadia increased 21.4% to $51.3 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2016, and was $0.59 per diluted share for both, tthey fourth quarter of 2016 and 2015 on a 22.1% increase in weighted average diluted shares outstanding. Shares outstanding increased primarily due to tthey equity that we issued in January and February of 2016 related to tthey acquisition of Priory. Adjusted diluted EPS for tthey latest quarter excludes debt extinguishment costs of $842 million, a loss on divestiture of $4.1 million and transaction related expenses of $14.8 million. For tthey fourth quarter of 2015, adjusted diluted EPS excludes debt extinguishment cost of $839 million and transaction-related expenses of $5.2 million. On a constant currency basis, Acadia's revenue for tthey fourth quarter of 2016 increased 54.2% compared with tthey fourth quarter of 2015. Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to Acadia's stockholders increased 42.3%, while also increasing 16.9% on a per diluted share basis. Acadia's tax rate on adjusted income from continuing operations before income taxes was 18% for tthey fourth quarter of 2016 compared with 28.5% for tthey fourth quarter of tthey prior year. As Joey mentioned, Acadia's same facility revenue increased 6.3% from tthey fourth quarter of 2015, with a 6.1% increase in patient days and a 0.1% increase in revenue per patient day. Same facility EBITDA margin was 26.3%, up from 26.0% for tthey fourth quarter of 2015. Comparable quarter consolidated adjusted EBITDA grew 33.7% to $149.5 million, which was 21.3% of consolidated revenue. Acadia's operating cash flow from continuing operations increased 8.1% for tthey fourth quarter to $106.6 million, and for tthey full year, increased 53.5% to $371.7 million. Turning to our financial guidance for 2017, and as announced in yesterday afternoon's news release, our 2017 financial guidance includes tthey following, revenue in a range of $2.85 billion to $2.9 billion, adjusted EBITDA in a range of $625 million to $640 million and adjusted diluted EPS in a range of $2.40 to $2.50. In addition, our guidance for adjusted diluted EPS for tthey first quarter of 2017 is in tthey range of $0.45 to $0.47. As compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2016, tthey first quarter reflects two additional months without tthey facilities divested in tthey UK, higtheyr payroll taxes in tthey U.S. and two fewer calendar days in tthey quarter. Ttheir guidance assumes an exchange rate of $1.25 per British pound sterling and a tax rate of approximately 25%. Our financial guidance does not include tthey impact from any future acquisitions or transaction related expenses. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks ttheir morning and thank you for being with us. I will now ask Carrie to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. In fairness to ottheyrs, we ask that you ask only one question and one follow-up question before returning to tthey queue. And we'll take our first question from A.J. Rice with UBS. A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Thanks. Hi, everybody. I know in tthey guidance you don't have acquisitions baked in ttheyre, but you do have tthey proceeds from tthey Priory related antitrust divestitures. Any thoughts on how quick you might be able to deploy that capital and what kind of discussions you're having in general out ttheyre? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. A.J., Ttheir is Joey. I think, we'll be able to deploy it in tthey third quarter, ttheir summer and that various discussions are going on with transactions that have multiple facilities. So, we look good about that. And ttheyn, we also look very good – I think in my last count, we have about 16 discussions with joint ventures, with large not-for-profit systems and a joint venture hospital will cost about $25 million to $30 million in construction cost. So, we have plenty of opportunities to deploy tthey proceeds to acquisitions or through our joint ventures. A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Okay. And, doesn't seem like little softness in tthey organic growth that we saw on tthey third quarter, seems like you're on tthey path to rebounding a bit. And it doesn't seem like ttheyre is any fallout from some of tthey negative publicity that one of your competitors saw in tthey fourth quarter in one article that was written. Wtheyn you shake out everything, wtheyre do you think you are in terms of organic growth going forward? I don't know if you're making a separation between tthey UK and tthey U.S. now on that, but just any thoughts on embedded organic growth and how we should think about that going forward? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. A.J., we're off to a very good start, I think through tthey first 20-day – I mean through tthey first 50 days of ttheir year. Tthey U.S. same-store is above 7% and tthey UK is tracking in at around 3%. So, overall, we're about 6%. So far through ttheir year, including tthey UK and UK will grow a little bit slower in tthey beginning. Because, as you know, we didn't start working really on tthey integration and tthey development plans until December tthey 1, and tthey team's off to a good start ttheyre. But tthey U.S. same-store growth was unbelievable during January and tthey first part of February. Now, we must keep in mind that ttheir last year was a leap year. So, until we get through tthey first quarter, we'll lose 110 basis points of that number, because of that one extra day last year and not ttheir year. A.J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Okay. All right. Thanks a lot. Operator And we'll take our next question from John Ransom with Raymond James. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Hey, good morning. Ttheyre's a big Welsh Carson portfolio out ttheyre as you know and ttheyre's that Aurora in California. Do you think those deals will trade ttheir year, Joey? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We really don't comment on individual names like that. Ttheyre is anottheyr larger one out – ttheyre is one similar size that actually might trade sooner. So, we do believe long-term that those type of assets belong inside Acadia, but ttheyre's some ottheyr transactions that we're working on that are not tthey ones you mentioned. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. And my second question is, I think tthey last time we spoke you mentioned you've had a dozen JVs, so now that's up to 16. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I think, last time I counted we had 16 potentials, yes. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Right. I'm saying December it was 12, now it's 16. So, I'm saying, it looks like you keep adding to that total. So, if we're talking 15 – let's say that shakes out to 10. So that's $250 million, if 10 out of 15 work out. How do you – maybe it's a question for David. How do we start modeling ttheir and what's tthey trajectory of profit and revenue and margin and how much gets shared to tthey partner hospital? And wtheyn should we start putting ttheyse things in our model ottheyr than just tthey capital spend? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. John, it's a great question. We're working internally. We may add – somewtheyre in tthey second quarter – actually put in our investor presentation an example of a de novo project. But, basically, if you were to spend $25 million and your joint venture partner took 20% of that, you would invest $20 million. We think after 24 months, it should be turning over into tthey profitable range. And ttheyn ramp-up quickly after that, but we saw improvement in our de novos in tthey fourth quarter. And so, those are some of tthey general parameters of that, but we are internally strategizing and kicking around maybe giving an example of case study on a de novo. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. And if I could make an unsolicited suggestion that, to tthey extent ttheyse things aren't ramping, you want to breakout in my opinion tthey start-up losses and guide to that. That will confuse people like me. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yes. And we've used you as tthey example as we've gone through ttheir and said what would be... John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. If somebody who is equally confused – it's somebody who is equally confused. That's tthey example I used that somebody equally confused. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Exactly. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Oh! God, all right. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. But we thought about breaking ttheym out too. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Yeah. All right. Thanks so much. I'll jump back in queue. Operator We'll take our next question from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Hey. Good morning, guys. Joey or Brent, thinking about tthey same-store, obviously, it got better in Q4. But, I think, earlier ttheir year, you gave us 6% to 8% guidance on same-store globally. So, how should we think about tthey breakdown between tthey U.S. and tthey UK on that one? And also what drives your confidence in getting to that 6% to 8% number? And how does tthey new bed adds we saw in Q4, and tthey new bed adds you're planning for tthey year – how do all ttheyse things factor into tthey confidence in getting to that 6% to 8% range. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, I think, Brian, that tthey bed adds really add to your confidence and we were able to increase tthey number of beds that we were able to bring online in tthey fourth quarter by moving some of tthey ones in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. We're getting ttheym done early, so we're off to a good start ttheyre. We do have tthey first 50 days of ttheir year and we're seeing how tthey same-store is ramping up. So, those things give us tthey great confidence. Tthey 6% to 8% that we've given, that would be for tthey total company. Tthey UK could come in a little bit less than that. U.S. could be a little bit towards tthey higtheyr end of that, but we've got some great additions coming online. We approved right at 100 beds last week to existing facilities that, unfortunately, we now have waiting lists at those facilities. So, it's those kind of examples that give us confidence that if we'll continue to do tthey blocking and tackling and execution, that tthey opportunity to hit those same-store numbers is ttheyre. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC I appreciate tthey color, Joey. Follow-up for me, margins were strong in Q4. So, how should we think about tthey margin progression for ttheir year? Number one, just as we think about tthey synergies flowing through. And ttheyn, number two, tthey de novos improving. And ttheyn, lastly, how do you tie that into kind of like staffing, because ttheyre were obviously concerns that it's getting harder to staff in tthey behavioral space. So, how should we read into your margin performance as it relates to your ability to staff all ttheyse facilities? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. My expectation is that we will have margin improvement ttheir year, wtheyttheyr that 25 basis points to 50 basis points to 100 basis points, tthey expectation is that we will have margin improvement. So far, Ron Finctheyr and their recruitment team have been able to find tthey necessary staff, so that we're confident that wtheyn we build tthey 967 beds that we're able to staff those beds. And ttheyn, that won't be an issue to keep us from hitting (20:41) numbers. I guess tthey only ottheyr comment I would say, since tthey last call we've had is that tthey labor market is a little tighter. But, once again, we've been able to recruit and find tthey staff to work through that. So, once again, blocking and tackling our recruitment department are doing what it needs to do, hitting its target. I think, we signed three positions ttheir week. So, if we can keep doing that and so – we should be okay ttheyre. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Yeah. Yeah. Thanks, Joey. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from Whit Mayo with Robert W. Baird. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Hey, thanks. Just want to see if ttheyre is any more color you can provide on tthey UK performance in tthey quarter. Obviously, ttheyre was a lot going on, lot of distraction with tthey divestures et cetera. So, just wanted to see if ttheyre is anything you can share to put into context, how we should look at tthey performance and maybe if you could just comment on sort of tthey cadence of tthey expected synergies as 2017 plays out? Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Sure, Whit. Ttheir is Brent. I mean, again, I don't think we – that tthey facts are mid – two-thirds through tthey fourth quarter was wtheyn we closed tthey divested transaction, but ttheyre was a tremendous amount of focus by tthey leadership in tthey UK on both, separately run companies over ttheyre to theylp make that happen – in multi-tasking call it what you want, ttheyre was a lot of distraction and it weigtheyd on tthey operations. Now that's behind us, we've gotten tthey roughly half of tthey synergies are out of tthey run rate cause ttheyy did tthey removal of tthey redundancy management team going over to tthey new company. And now we're – tthey UK is focused, integrating and getting back on track, but it doesn't happen overnight. Remember, tthey benefit we get in tthey UK is a very theyalthy and long length of stay, but tthey admissions activity is much more slower than you see in tthey U.S. So, we're on a path, I just think people should expect tthey UK to improve ratably each quarter throughout 2017. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Now that's theylpful. And, maybe just I'm curious about how tthey payor mix is trending now and maybe ttheir is a question in tthey context of tthey IMD, have you seen anything noticeable in terms of Medicaid or Medicaid managed care? I know it's really early just – but any color would be theylpful and just maybe anything to note about payor mix shifts in tthey U.S.? Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Sure. I think, we have seen even in tthey fourth quarter an increase in our managed Medicaid revenue as it relates to fourth quarter of 2016 back to fourth quarter of 2015. We haven't been able to absolutely quantify, how many of those are Medicaid adults due to tthey managed Medicaid expansion. But what we do know is, is that legislation or – excuse me, in ttheir case, that regulation is a significant tailwind and really just a huge statement for our industry. CMS stepped-in and changed something that's been a law for 50 years to allow ttheyse patients to be covered in freestanding psych hospitals in tthey managed Medicaid markets. Tthey most recent thing we know is that through Kaiser study that's been out for a couple of weeks, it looks like 80-plus percent of tthey affected states, ttheyir Medicaid leadership is same, we're moving forward, we are put it in place effective in ttheir fiscal year. So, that's a positive. And, again, should just be anottheyr tailwind to support our organic growth plans. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Okay. And maybe just one quick-one just CapEx ttheir year, is ttheyre a good number that you can point us to and I'll hop-off? Thanks. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah. Whit, ttheir is David. CapEx, looking back on 2016, $76 million or 2.7% of our revenue was towards maintenance CapEx, with tthey remaining $232 million on expansion. We think for 2017, tthey numbers maybe very similar, similar in terms of tthey percentage of revenue and tthey maintenance spend as well as what we see going towards our expansion activities and bed additions. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Great. Thanks, guys. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks, Whit. Operator We'll take our next question from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Great. Thanks. Can you talk a bit about – you said that tthey de novos that were pressuring results last quarter improved ttheir quarter. I was wondering if you had any color on kind of how that ramps up? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I think, three of tthey four that we have classified ttheyre are our positive EBITDA contributions now. And, tthey one that was giving us – that gave us tthey longest delay, tthey one in California. We've gotten through tthey Medicaid process ttheyre and can take Medicaid patients – or Medicare patients out ttheyre and ttheyre since has ramped up nicely and actually in January ttheyy went positive on tthey EBITDA line. So, we cut tthey operating loss from tthey previous quarter. I think we cut it by roughly 70%, if I remember correctly. So, we're doing well ttheyre. And, once again as I mentioned earlier, we're thinking about including something in tthey second quarter that would be a case example or maybe some actual numbers on our de novos. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Okay. And ttheyn I think you said that you plan to use Priory proceeds on acquisitions, but used tthey free cash flow to de-lever. I just wanted to see if ttheyre was anything to read into that. Are you guys now focused on reaching a certain leverage target, does tthey deal pipeline look to be tthey size of tthey Priory proceeds, so you don't expect more deals through year-end beyond that amount? How should we think about that comment? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I think, you should – I think, we want to do both. We want to make tthey acquisitions that ttheir company needs to continue its growth and ttheyn tthey excess cash would be used to pay down tthey debt. I think tthey leverage will be roughly around tthey five times. I think, it's 5.3 times now or something like that. So, hopefully, we can get a little improvement ttheyre and make our acquisitions. We have $500 million available under tthey revolver and over $50 million sitting in cash on tthey balance ttheyyet. So we're in a pretty good position to execute on tthey acquisition strategy and maybe bring down tthey debt ratio slightly. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Okay. Great. Thanks. Operator We'll take our next question from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thanks, good morning. I guess, first, just wanted to ask about tthey same-store. Tthey EBITDA margin down in UK, was ttheyre certain costs that maybe won't repeat and more related to some distraction that you talked about that you can theylp us reconcile, plus, obviously with any synergy capture to give you sort of visibility on tthey improvement ttheyre? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah. I mean, tthey main thing, obviously, UK, ttheyy were down somewhat on a census perspective, Ralph. What we also saw just on tthey cost affecting tthey margins is just around tthey labor cost and tthey labor management cost in tthey UK. Just with ttheir census, ttheyre would be a focus on managing your labor. And with some of tthey distraction that didn't happen to wtheyre we thought it would, and I think that's wtheyre we'll see as tthey census recovers and as we're able to move forward tthey integration, put tthey new management structure in place. We'll see both, tthey census rebound and tthey growth rebound as well as tthey margin improvement in tthey UK. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Okay. And ttheyn in UK, I'm sorry, I missed it. What did you say tthey growth was through tthey first 50 days? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Around 3%. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. 3%. Is that... Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. And, again, Ralph, inside that number, also you have tthey elderly care numbers, which is a much slower growth. So, people – one thing you would have – tthey people are going to have to kind of absorb is just tthey overall mix of tthey business in tthey UK. We got theyalthcare, we got education, children services and adult care. And ttheyn, finally, tthey elderly care business over ttheyre and ttheyre's a little bit different growth rates amongst all of those, but that's probably something for offline to clarify. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Okay. All right, sounds good. And ttheyn, is ttheyre anything built in tthey guidance for IMD exclusion and maybe just any updated thoughts ttheyre? Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Our guidance reflects our view of tthey growth drivers. Again, we don't isolate tthey IMD by payor group or population group, nor do – we just have tthey view of what's tthey market's absorption rate and our bed builds. And so, ttheyre's nothing specific with IMD, but we do continue to see that being a going forward tailwind, but probably something that plays out over multiple years. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Okay. Thank you. Operator We'll take our next question from Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. Your guidance for tthey first quarter and tthey full year implies a pretty nice ramp up in tthey EPS over tthey course of tthey year. Can you just maybe theylp eittheyr quantify or just kind of put in order what are tthey drivers of that step up? Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. You're talking about just tthey way tthey effective quarterly performance looks, Gary? Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Exactly. Yeah. Exactly, Brent. Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I think, couple of things. Obviously, just coming off of a challenging back half of 2016, we're trying to make sure we've got reasonable expectations out in tthey external world. And ttheyn, you couple that with tthey company always has a higtheyr burden for withholding taxes, which is a significant impact in tthey first quarter. Once ttheyse various state and local withholdings cap out, obviously, that's a big impact going forward. And ttheyn you have tthey culmination, tthey bed build effect ramping up throughout second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter. So, I think, tthey consistency area is that our first quarter is always a little off of what – it's never one-fourth of tthey year. It's usually in tthey 19% to 20% range – proportion of tthey year and I think that's what you see for 2017. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe just a follow-up, one of tthey things that I guess you had mentioned in terms of holding back benefit from tthey IMD exclusion was being included in – as a provider in tthey appropriate plans. Do you feel like you're in tthey appropriate plan, so you could benefit from that? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I think all of our facilities are positioned well with ttheyir payors in ttheyir plan. So, I don't – ttheyre will be an isolated example, wtheyre we're going to have to do some extra work to get into plans, but that's tthey exception versus tthey vast, vast majority. We're okay with tthey plans and we're already in tthey plans. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Okay. But incrementally more so than last year or you were already ttheyre last year? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We were a little bit better ttheir year. We are a little bit better ttheir year, but we had most of ttheym last year anyway, but we have taken some steps and gotten a few more plans in. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks, Gary. Operator And we will take our next question from Charles Haff with Craig-Hallum. Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on terrific occupancy theyre. That was outstanding. I am wondering if you could talk about tthey UK management team that you have in place now, tthey former Priory management team. And what competencies or skills that ttheyy bring to tthey table versus your prior PiC management team that you had in tthey UK? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. That's a tough question. What we see in tthey team we have ttheyre today is some great leaders, lots of energy, tremendous expertise over ttheyre, a can-do attitude. And, so tthey Priory was tthey bigger of tthey transactions as everyone knows. And ttheyir depth ttheyre was stronger. And so, fortunately for us, Ron and David were able to pick tthey best of – what ttheyy thought were tthey best. And so, just a great group, that's not taking any shots at tthey groups that left. Tthey group that left with tthey acquisitions, we wish ttheym well and hope ttheyy do well. And Tom Riall was going off to ottheyr things. So, we have a good team ttheyre. We have tthey team that we think we need ttheyre. And, so far it's going well, and ttheyy are doing a good job working through. Ttheyre's distractions that ttheyy have and ttheyy are very good operators. Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Okay. And ttheyn a follow-up question on tthey UK, tthey back office and kind of tthey back-of-tthey-house-management and staff, I understand is located in a lower wage cost geography in England. Can you talk about that a little bit? And maybe what impacts that could have on your UK synergy targets? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Sure. Charles. Yeah. Tthey offices that we have in tthey UK, we have three different centralized offices that support all of tthey facilities. We have a finance office in tthey North, in Darlington. We also have HR and IT offices, and I do think that that provides us with tthey ability to perform those functions at a lower cost. What we also get excited about in those offices is tthey retention that we have and just tthey teams that are ttheyre have been with tthey company for a long time, do great work and we don't tend to see tthey same types of turnover that we might see in ottheyr parts of tthey country. So, definitely a lower cost and we also have a great team that's been with tthey company for a long time. Charles Edward Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Okay. Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator And we'll take our next question from Dana Hambly with Steptheyns. Dana Hambly - Steptheyns, Inc. Thanks. Good morning. Clarification on tthey synergies, it's $20 million in tthey UK. I'm trying to understand, are you saying you've recognized half of those already since tthey November closing and ttheyn ttheyre is about $10 million in ttheir year's guidance? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. That's – well, yes, on a run rate basis. Obviously, wtheyn you take tthey management out for tthey month of December, you only realized one month of that annual run rate, but we're on a run rate. And, I think, so your question and Charles's question, it's important to recognize theyre, if we're still talking about $20 million in synergies out of tthey UK today, that's actually better than what we originally said a year ago, because $20 million takes more pounds than it did a year ago, because tthey exchange declined. So, we're basically halfway with tthey divestiture. And ttheyn, we'll get tthey remainder benefit of tthey synergies throughout tthey 2017, such that wtheyn we get to tthey year – end tthey year $20 million of annualized savings on a run rate basis. Dana Hambly - Steptheyns, Inc. Okay. That's theylpful. Thanks. And ttheyn, Brent, just on tthey Hill, I think you are on tthey board of tthey National Association. Just kind of what are your priorities for tthey industry just from an advocacy standpoint ttheir year? Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Sure. Great question, Dana, and obviously, we're – most – foremost it's just protecting a lot of tthey things that we've been so – tthey industry has had such success in getting access, getting coverage, parity, essential theyalth benefits. We didn't, as an industry, receive tremendous impact from ACA, but we want to be very careful that we have a seat at tthey table. And wtheyn ttheyy adjust, ttheyy repeal and replace or whatever happens that we don't lose things that we never really benefited from. And so, our industry association has great leadership, we're much more recognized. We do get tthey face time and feedback. We have an annual meeting coming up in tthey spring and ttheyre'll be a lot of grassroots effort. So, again, our industry is positioned well, knowing that tthey critical care, tthey importance of what we do, but we are spending time just making sure that as – lots of discussions around changes happen that we don't have anything negative occur to our space. Dana Hambly - Steptheyns, Inc. Okay. That's theylpful. Thank you. Operator And we'll take our next question from Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Hi. Good morning, couple of housekeeping items. First, on tthey EBITDA guidance for 2017, what's tthey assessment of stock comps that you're excluding from that? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Hey, Gary. Our estimate for next year is just under $31 million for stock comp. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC And at ttheir point, ttheyre's probably not any identified transaction expense, right? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. That's correct. We do not include transaction expense in our guidance. We will see some – just related to tthey ongoing divestiture cost as we realize tthey remaining synergies and have some employee termination costs. That should not be significant, but will plan to see that and that is excluded from our guidance. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Okay. And ttheyn just on tax rate. So, tthey guidance for 2017 is 25%. Should we be straight-lining ttheyn or would we have – would you anticipate tthey kind of seasonality or 4Q true-up with tthey lower 4Q tax rate like we saw in 2016. Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I think you just allocate it by quarter 25%. Is it going to be a little off of that? Periodically, it could be. Taxes are very precise, but it's going to be a lot closer on average to tthey 25% throughout each of tthey quarters. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Okay. Thank you. Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks, Gary. Operator And we'll take our next question from Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Tthey first question, just on tthey scrutiny of some of tthey clinical practices that one of your peers is facing, might that change or impact how you look at length of stay or staffing and might you have tthey change that in any way? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Ana, you know, length of stay in our industry has been on tthey acute side, in tthey 9-day to 10-day range for 25 years now. Ttheir is an industry statistic. We just don't see – that is not an area that ttheyre has been longer lengths of stay. Tthey UK, by contrast, is months/years, not days. And so, we don't see a change on overall length of stay to tthey negative. We think it – I mean, most providers and professionals in our space are concerned that it's too short now, which really leads to a higtheyr likelihood that tthey patient comes back into our facility versus tthey small savings of tthey one or two fewer days that might be garnered. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Okay, all right. Ttheyn tthey next question would be on tthey pricing environment in tthey U.S., it seems to have slowed down a little. Is that more mix related or in terms of contracting. Can you give us some thoughts or color on tthey trends ttheyre? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Sure. What you see in our – sort of same facility profile of tthey revenue per day is really theyavily impacted by just tthey mix of patient. It's not tthey same every quarter over tthey prior quarter. I think if you look at our payor mix and think about roughly in tthey U.S., 16% revenues from Medicare. We get a consistent annual cost of living increase on tthey PPS rate ttheyre of something in tthey 1.5% to 2.5% range. And ttheyn, Medicaid, obviously, our largest total payor group at 40%, but coming from over 44 states. Each state's different, but in positive economic times wtheyn tthey state revenues are doing well, we're going to see small cost of living adjustments ttheyre, call it 1%. And ttheyn our commercial book of business roughly in tthey 30%, 35% range. We focus on local negotiations and with those payors and generally focus in on trying to get 5-plus percent revenue, per diem increase each year from those payors. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Okay. And tthey final question will be on interest rates and fixed versus floating debt. Can you just give us any color on swaps or ottheyr mechanisms that you're using? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Sure. We roughly have 55% of our debt floats and 45% is fixed. I think it's important to note, we've saved well over $10 million of annual interest expense last year through a couple of different re-pricings of our term debt, so we in effect built in some cushion against ttheyse increasing rates and tthey latest pricing change didn't occur until December. So, some of that benefit will flow through in 2017. We have talked – we have tthey $650 million of cross-currency theydge on our – it theylps protect some of tthey cash flows on tthey UK. We do not have currently any fixed or floating to fixed rate swaps in place right now. But, as tthey market indicates, we continuously look at what's tthey best fixed to floating structure given tthey rate environment. But, right now, we're very comfortable with our interest expense and debt profile. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Great. Thanks for tthey color. I appreciate it. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks, Ana. Operator And we'll take our next question from Paula Torch with Avondale Partners. Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to ask about tthey 21st Century Cures Act. That was past, and I think it was expected to add some funding for medication-assisted treatment. So, how are you benefiting from ttheir, eittheyr by reimbursement or volumes? And how much growth should we expect to see from ttheir part of tthey business in 2017? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Hey, Paula, obviously that's – once again, it's anottheyr tailwind positive theyadline, $1 billion allocated to tthey states for medically-assisted treatment. As in a lot of things, that has to sort of figure its way through tthey states and local areas. We are very committed to tthey medically-assisted treatment business and have a great team ttheyre. And ttheyy are growing that business. So, obviously, it's a positive. It's hard to quantify though how much and wtheyn, but it's absolutely better than having something cut. So, that's a tremendous need. You see more and more just awful stories about tthey impact of tthey opioid, epidemics and tthey impact of that abuse. So, we're optimistic, but we just don't have tthey specifics on how that's going to play out for us. Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC Got it. Thank you. And ttheyn, just growth ttheyre is that more geared to de novo versus acquisitions or how should we think about that? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Acquisitions will still be larger than tthey number of de novo beds that we would be adding to tthey company. Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC Okay. And ttheyn just one last one from me, what does reimbursement look like in tthey UK for 2017? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We're going through that negotiation process right now. Around tthey 2% range, but we are negotiating that as we speak. Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC Okay. Thank you. Operator We'll take our next question from John Ransom with Raymond James. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ttheir one's for David. Your 25% tax rate, maybe I missed ttheir, but did you provide a kind of compare and contrast between tthey U.S. tax rate and tthey UK tax rate? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. No, John. We don't. That 25% represents tthey consolidated company. Tthey corporate tax rate in tthey UK has gone down. It's below 20%. Tthey tax rate in tthey U.S. is 35%, but tthey consolidated rate is just that what represents tthey consolidated company and all tthey ottheyr items that impact our tax rate. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. So, let's assume that we get – just makeup a number in tthey U.S., a 20% tax rate. And, as you own your real estate, maybe you get a mortgage exemption. What would you – what do you think that would do to your tax rate kind of ballpark? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. John, repeat that question? John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Let's say tthey U.S. tax rate went from 39% to 20%, or let's say your U.S. – I'm just making up – let's say U.S. corporate tax rate federal went to 20%, what would that do to your pro forma tax rate roughly? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And you're thinking about tax reform theyre. Yeah. Tthey impact in tthey U.S. would be that tthey tax rate, we would have about $25 million of tax savings just based on our U.S. taxable income... John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. ...so that would be 5% to tthey consolidated rate. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. Perfect. And just remind me, I think I know ttheir number, but just to make sure our calculator is not broken theyre in Florida, but what's now with tthey divestiture and wtheyre tthey pound is now? What's tthey rough breakout kind of EBITDA mix between U.S. and UK? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It's 35% in UK, 65% U.S. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. Great. And I know you've got some non-core assets in tthey UK that you got as a part of tthey deal. Joe, is ttheyre a better than 50-50 chance you might look to move some of those assets in tthey next, say, 12 months or so? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Nothing in tthey next 12 months. Nothing in tthey next 12 months, however, if somebody wanted – no, nothing in tthey next 12 months. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We have some... John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Thanks. That's all for me. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. Good. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Oh. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt. Say again? John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. No, no, no, no. You know... John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. I messed up. You were going to say something and I interrupt – I messed up. I feel bad. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, don't – but you just confused us John, because you've asked six follow-up questions. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah. Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. You messed up tthey (49:54) applied to tthey original basket. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Yeah. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We've just created anottheyr John-ism. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. All right. I'll be quiet now. I'll be quiet now. Operator That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Jacobs, at ttheir time, I will turn tthey conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thank you very much. Thank you, everyone, for listening in and your questions. Tthey year is beginning, we got a lot of hard work to do, but we got tthey team that can make that happen. And I want to thank all tthey employees of tthey company and tthey people we work with. And we're entrusted with those patients and we want to do a great job for ttheym. So, well, once again, thank you for your questions and we'll talk to you on tthey next call. Operator That concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.