Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q1 2016 Earnings Call April 29, 2016 9:00 AM ET Executives Brent Turner - President Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer David M. Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Analysts A. J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Jason Plagman - Jefferies LLC Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Inc. Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Charles E Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Dana R. Hambly - Steptheyns, Inc. Operator Please stand by. We are about to begin. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. Please proceed. Brent Turner - President Good morning. I'm Brent Turner, President of Acadia Healthcare, and I'd like to welcome you to our First Quarter 2016 Conference Call. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you'll also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under our Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2016 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's first quarter news release. And consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events, or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I'd like to now turn tthey conference over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Joey Jacobs. Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter conference call. In addition to Brent, I'm theyre today with Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I each have some brief remarks about tthey first quarter and our outlook for Acadia. Ttheyn, we'll open tthey line for your question. As tthey first quarter results made clear, Acadia has continued to produce strong profitable growth through outstanding and disciplined execution of our long-term organic and acquisition growth strategies. Our revenue for tthey quarter increased 68.6%, and our adjusted net income from continuing operations attributable to Acadia's stockholders increased 69.1%. Our adjusted diluted EPS grew 27.9%, which includes tthey impact of new shares of common stock issued primarily related to acquisition. In addition to tthey strength of ttheir financial performance, tthey theyadline news for tthey first quarter was tthey acquisition of tthey Priory Group in tthey UK, which we discussed in depth in our fourth quarter conference call. We want to update you on tthey review of tthey Priory transaction by tthey Competition and Markets Authority or CMA. We are working through tthey merger review process and expect to submit our formal notification to tthey CMA in early May. With an early May submission, we expect tthey CMA to conclude its review in late June. Tthey Priory transaction prides as a significant tailwind and visibility into achieving continued substantial profitable growth for 2016. We completed 2015 with approximately 9,900 beds. Tthey Priory transaction alone adds approximately 7,100 beds, and tthey largest acquisition we have completed. Acadia now has approximately 17,400 total beds. Our organic growth strategy also produced excellent results for tthey first quarter, with consolidated same facility revenue growth of 9.2%. Much of ttheir growth was tthey result of beds added to our same facility base in tthey last 12 months. Ttheyse same facility beds were a portion of tthey total of 850 beds we added over tthey past 12 months to our existing facilities. And turning to de novo facilities, we added 330 beds during tthey first quarter of 2016. In summary, we are very pleased with Acadia's performance for tthey first quarter. We believe strong execution of our business model has positioned us well in a nearly $50 billion industry with growing market demand and limited excess capacity. We are very diversified with regard to our business lines, our payers and our geographic footprint. We are continuing to invest in capacity to meet increasing demand organically, even as we strengttheyn our ability to complete ttheyse projects routinely. In a highly-fragmented market, we also have tthey experience, and we believe Priory demonstrates access to capital to continue executing one of tthey industry's most successful records of completing and integrating acquisitions. As a result, we remain confident of our prospects for future growth in earnings and shareholder value. Thank you for your interest in Acadia. And now, theyre's David Duckworth. David M. Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Thanks, Joey, and good morning. Acadia's revenue for tthey first quarter of 2016 increased 68.6% to $616.8 million from $365.8 million for tthey first quarter of 2015. Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to Acadia's stockholders was $45.8 million, up 69.1% from $27.1 million. Adjusted EPS for tthey first quarter of 2016 was $0.55, up 27.9% from $0.43 for tthey first quarter of 2015. For tthey first quarter of 2016, our adjusted EPS excludes transaction-related expenses of $26.3 million and a gain on foreign currency derivatives of approximately $400,000. For tthey first quarter of 2015, adjusted EPS excludes transaction-related expenses of $18.4 million and a small gain on foreign currency derivatives. Weighted average diluted shares outstanding increased 33.1% for tthey comparable quarters, primarily due to tthey equity that we issued in February and May of 2015 that was principally related to acquisitions, and in January to February of 2016 related to tthey acquisition of Priory. Acadia's tax rate on adjusted income from continuing operations before income taxes was 21.9% for tthey first quarter of 2016 compared with 31.5% for tthey first quarter last year. Acadia's same facility revenue increased 9.2% for tthey first quarter from tthey first quarter of 2015, with an 8.6% increase in patient days and a 0.5% increase in revenue per patient day. Same facility EBITDA margin was 27.1% for tthey latest quarter versus 26.3% for tthey first quarter of 2015. Adjusted consolidated EBITDA increased 66.4% to $131 million, which was 21.2% of consolidated revenue from $78.7 million or 21.5% of consolidated revenue for tthey first quarter 2015. Our operating cash flow increased to $59.3 million in tthey first quarter from $18.1 million in tthey first quarter of 2015. Our adjusted operating cash flow for tthey quarter was $86.2 million wtheyn you adjust for tthey cash transaction-related expenses paid during tthey first quarter. Finally, as announced in yesterday's news release, we have affirmed our establittheyyd 2016 guidance, including adjusted earnings per diluted share in tthey range of $2.81 to $2.86, which is an increase of 26% to 28% over 2015. Our financial guidance excludes tthey impact from any future acquisitions and transaction-related expenses. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks ttheir morning, and thank you for being with us. I'll now ask Yolanda to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly. We'll go first to A. J. Rice with UBS. Please, go atheyad, sir. A. J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Thanks. Hello, everybody. I was going to just maybe ask about tthey relief on tthey IMD exclusion that was included in tthey Medicaid managed care rule. Can you just tell us about how much needs to be done in terms of contracting with payers and in terms of your discussions with referral sources to get ttheir thing in place so that you're actually deriving some benefit from it? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thanks, A.J. Ttheir is Joey. We are very excited about ttheir regulation change, and we're looking forward to July of ttheir year wtheyn it will begin. We are probably 90% – we probably already have contracts with managed Medicaid, in probably 90% of all of our facilities with tthey managed Medicaid payers ttheyre. Ttheyre are a few that we will be contacting or working with. So, we're already in a good position ttheyre. We will be, over tthey next 60 days, redoubling our efforts to just let tthey referral sources know that tthey adult Medicaid patient can now be treated at a freestanding psych hospital, and our facilities our busy getting that done too. So, we think we're going to be in good position as of July 2016. Our occupancies for tthey company right now is about 79% to 80%, so we have about 20% unused capacity. And tthey reason for that is that we did add 330 beds during tthey first quarter. So, we think we're in a good position to enter July 2016 for tthey IMD, and hopefully, be able to treat more tthey Medicaid adult patients in our facility. So, work to be done. We've already made great progress. So, we're looking forward to getting to July 2016. A. J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Okay. And ttheyn maybe one follow-up. So, tthey merger review is going on, and you said you hope to be resolved in June. I know ttheyre're some things you've agreed not to consolidate until that review is complete, but you have a synergy target for ttheir year. Can you tell us what can you do with Priory, and what do you have that's sort of pending until tthey deal gets done? And how's Priory going so far now that you have just a few months under your belt? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Sure. It has only been 45 days since we made that – well, a little bit more than 45 days, 45 days in ttheir result. Our operating team was over ttheyre two weeks ago, and Priory is off to a good start. Tthey ctheymistry between ttheym and us theyre is very, very good. Ttheyy are very eager and excited about being a part of Acadia. We are working through tthey CMA process. We run tthey business as if we would run tthey business – any of our businesses within tthey company, and supporting ttheym, and giving ttheym access to capital and reviewing operations. And so, that part is business is normal. What you can't do is, we have – we can't go after tthey synergies until we get through ttheir process. So, hopefully, by tthey end of June, we'll get through tthey process, and ttheyn that will be tthey next actionable thing we will do with ttheir transaction. A. J. Rice - UBS Securities LLC Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. Operator We'll go next to Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go atheyad. I'm theyaring no response from that line. We'll go next to Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Please go atheyad, sir. Jason Plagman - Jefferies LLC Hey guys ttheir is Jason Plagman on for Brian. Just a follow-up on IMD, how are you guys thinking about how that chain affects tthey pace of your bed adds that you grow over tthey next few years, or your outlook for pace of bed adds? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer I think you saw that with us getting 330 beds online in tthey first quarter. We're targeting anottheyr substantial number in tthey second quarter. So, we have internally been aggressive on getting ttheyse beds built and getting ttheym online. We didn't know wtheyn tthey regulation was going to be effective, but we're going to have ttheyse beds online by July 2016. And so, we're in a good position once again. We're at 80% occupancy. So, for tthey next several months, we can handle tthey additional incremental patients, and ttheyn we will see how tthey volume ramps up in builds. And if we need to build more beds for our facilities, we can do that. And so, we think we're in a good position about how we built our beds, gotten ready for July. And we'll build additional beds as we see tthey volume come to us over tthey last six months of ttheir year. Jason Plagman - Jefferies LLC And just to follow up on that, do you think ttheyse new patients could get back to organic growth in tthey above double digit, kind of lift that organic growth rate back in tthey 10% to 12% range or even higtheyr? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Well, wtheyn you look at tthey U.S. same facility, we did 9.9%. That's pretty damn good. And so, I am just very pleased with what Ron Finctheyr and their team are doing. And once again, we're going to be in tthey high single digits. And could you have a quarter wtheyre it might be in double digits, sure, though we're not planning on that. We're just planning on similar results as what we had in tthey first quarter ttheir year. Jason Plagman - Jefferies LLC Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn one ottheyr quick follow-up – or a different topic. On M&A, how should we be thinking about tthey pipeline in tthey U.S. and tthey pace in sequencing of how deals might come in over tthey next 12 months or so? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Tthey pipeline is very busy. We will make single-facility transactions, acquisitions throughout tthey remainder of ttheir year. We are focused on tthey U.S. markets and have lots of opportunities ttheyre. And Steve Davidson is very busy, and they's keeping me very busy on tthey road going out and looking at acquisitions. So, tthey pipeline looks good. And we will make some seamless acquisitions throughout tthey remainder of ttheir year. Jason Plagman - Jefferies LLC Great. Thanks, guys. Operator We'll take our next question from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go atheyad. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Inc. Hey, guys. Sorry, about that, technical difficulties on my side. Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Kevin, you only get one question because you dropped off. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Inc. I don't know if you could count that. I guess, one of your biggest competitors was talking about how ttheyre were shortages of psychiatrists and ottheyr clinical staff. It doesn't seem like you're seeing it, but just want to get your sense of that and to tthey extent that ttheyre are markets wtheyre that's an issue. How do you manage that for addition of IMD, excluding going away and tthey potential demand that's going to maybe put pressure on tthey labor supply? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer We think we're in a very good position with our psychiatrist. Once again, Ron Finctheyr was atheyad of ttheir curve. And we've already had a physician recruitment department. But probably 24 months ago, we made a substantial investment in that department, and ttheyy've been very, very successful. So, right now, we're not seeing that impact to our patient day growth. We grew 8% theyre in tthey U.S. in tthey first quarter. So, always – you can always use more psychiatrists, but Ron has a plan to recruit those, and right now, it's not hurting us. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Inc. Yeah. And I guess you mentioned that on tthey contracting side, you're 90% of tthey way kind of ttheyre, but you have to talk to tthey referral sources, just to get ttheym to understand that you can take ttheyse patients. I guess a lot of ttheyse referral sources have built out beds and capacity (17:31) because ttheyy basically had to because ttheyre's no ottheyr place for ttheym. In ttheyse conversations with referral sources, how willing do ttheyy appear to be to kind of just let that business move out? And how – or conversely, how ingrained is that as part of ttheyir business, and do ttheyy want to keep it? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer It's not ingrained at all, and quite frankly, med/surg hospitals do not like having psychiatric services in ttheyir facilities. Ttheyy're more high-tech oriented, procedure-oriented, which is great. That's what ttheyy do tthey best. And as we see with our joint venture opportunities, more and more of ttheyse large not-for-profit systems, quite frankly, want to get out of it and give it to us and just take a minority position in our facility, so ttheyy have access to tthey care. So, ttheyre's roughly, I think, last time I look, I think ttheyre's 1,200 units inside 5,000 med/surg hospitals. And that's declined from 1,500 wtheyn PPS was entered into. So, we still think more will close. Ttheyre will be a few that we'll add but tthey med/surg hospitals, once again, ttheyir procedure, high-tech oriented. And ttheyy just want access to tthey service. We are opening up our joint venture in tthey med/surg market. It opens up in May. So, that one will be coming online. So, we were partnering ttheyre with tthey big Baptist Health System. And so we're very – we do not see that as an issue. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Inc. Okay. Ttheyn maybe just last question about that. I mean, ttheyse conversations, you've often theyard companies do joint ventures and things like that with non-profits, and it often takes a year or two to kind of get that. Tthey hospitals are going to decide, okay, ttheir is what we want to do, we do want to partner, ttheir is wtheyre we're going. I mean, is that tthey way to think about ttheir, tthey benefit from IMD? Does it take that long to kind of get tthey hospital to change, or do you think it will be something faster than that? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer I think that's about right. I think what you'll see is we've built up our inventory, and I think starting in 2017, you could see us do four to six a year because of tthey activity we have on tthey top line. And we're close to announcing anottheyr one in tthey next 30 days. So, we have a lot of activity. We – Steve and I are going, making a trip next week to a large system that called us and said, theyy, we want you to come down and talk about doing it for us. So, tthey word's getting out ttheyre that we do ttheir. And so, we're getting inbound calls from tthey systems. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Inc. All right. Great. Thanks. Operator We'll take our next question from Paula Torch with Avondale Partners. Please, go atheyad. Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC Thank you. Good morning. So, on tthey same IMD subject, how should we think about tthey exclusion opportunity on tthey substance abuse side? Just wondering maybe how many of your CRC facilities right now could take managed Medicaid patients, or do you think you'd be acquiring or building out more beds specific to that population? And ttheyn just as a follow-up to that, what's tthey sort of tthey CTC opportunity, and does ttheir change tthey potential ttheyre as well? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Okay. Tthey first one, tthey CTC does not change tthey opportunity ttheyre. Tthey opportunity ttheyre was already great to begin with, so it doesn't impact really tthey CTC part. Tthey – on our recovery division for substance abuse, it varies. Most of our business – we're not in tthey Medicaid adult business, but we do have a few states wtheyre we are dominant in that business, and we are building more beds for ttheym and expanding our services for ttheym. So, wtheyre we have a presence and are taking care of that population, we are expanding. And ttheyn, on tthey ottheyr ones, if tthey CEO came to us and said ttheyre's an opportunity theyre, we would look at it. And absolutely, we have tthey capital to do that. But right now, we have a few states wtheyre we're, I would say, dominant in that business. So, we will continue to support ttheym and expand ttheyir services. Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC Okay. And ttheyn, if we could stay on tthey recovery division for one more second, just wondering what tthey occupancy rate is ttheyre for those particular beds. I know that it's been improving. And wonder, you talked previously about additional synergies in 2016, and just would like you to remind us of what that number is. Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Okay. On tthey occupancy, I do not have tthey individual occupancy by product line with me, Paula. So, I can't give you that number. I will say ttheir, that one of our facilities, it's been since 2010, since ttheyy've had a quarter as good as tthey one ttheyy had in tthey first quarter of 2016. So, it's been six years. So, our – Joe Procopio and what they's doing in that division is working. And so, I don't have tthey occupancy theyre with me, but we are filling up tthey beds, and have good results ttheyre. And as far as tthey ottheyr, Brent? Brent Turner - President Yes. So, ttheir is Brent. On tthey synergies related to tthey CRC transaction, as you might recall, we had indicated that our expectation was to get $10 million of synergy benefit in tthey first year, ramping up to a total of $15 million by tthey end of tthey second year. And we were on pace with tthey first year and absolutely on pace to realize that by tthey end of tthey second year in total. So, very consistent execution from tthey integration of tthey business as we had expected a year-and-a-half ago wtheyn we made that acquisition. Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC Okay. Great. And ttheyn just one last one for me on tthey UK business. I know that you're still ramping a number of de novos that you've been investing in and acquisitions that you've made in tthey UK. So, just curious wtheyre we are in tthey cycle, and wtheyn do you expect those investments to be accretive, as I believe it takes a little bit longer for those to ramp? So, just wondering wtheyre we are on that. Thank you. Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Well, tthey de novos, we're hopeful to have ttheym breaking even in tthey first 12 months and ttheyn tthey accretion starts ttheyreafter, and we're ramping ttheym up, and get ttheym closer to tthey margin for our same facility. So, that's what's going on, and that's what tthey expectation is in tthey UK. And we have invested money ttheyre to expand ttheyir facilities and contend to meet tthey continuum of care over ttheyre. And both teams, wtheyttheyr it's PiC or Priory, are working very hard on filling tthey beds and growing consensus (24:46). Paula Torch - Avondale Partners LLC Okay. Thank you. Operator We'll take our next question from Chris Rigg with Susquehanna Financial Group. Please go atheyad. Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Hi. Good morning, guys. Just wanted to come back to IMD real quickly. Obviously, we've got tthey Medicaid managed care component to it. I was wondering if you guys have done any work to sort of figure out tthey population that's still in fee-for-service versus what's in managed care. And really asking, do you still need legislation to really see a massive increase, or is ttheir good enough just on tthey Medicaid managed care side? Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Tthey country needs tthey IMD to go away, so that more – for that 25% that's out ttheyre in tthey traditional Medicaid product, that ttheyy could come to a freestanding hospital. And, we're – we – I was in Washington D.C. two weeks ago working on ttheir issue, and we're not getting any pushback from Washington on ttheir issue. But is – as you know, it's an election year, and it's a little tougtheyr now. And so, we need that and tthey country needs that. We will get a benefit from ttheir Medicaid change in tthey regulations for tthey managed Medicaid, and that is a good thing, a good step. But, obviously, if you can get tthey ottheyr 25%, roughly, being able to come to us, that would be significant, so we want that also. Ttheir is what we do, ttheir is all we do, and those patients really need access to ottheyr providers and especially tthey freestanding providers. Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Great. And ttheyn just on tthey Priory synergies, can you give us just an update in terms of what's in 2016 versus what's expected to roll into 2017? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer I won't give you any specific numbers. We have said that ttheyre's – we think ttheyre's $20 million out ttheyre. We will try to get it as quickly as possible and do tthey right thing. So – but it would – I think as we stated wtheyn we did tthey Priory transaction, we've given ourselves two years to get that done. I think it will be faster than that. But once again, we've got to get it through tthey CMA process and get that behind us before we can really work on ttheir issue. Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. Operator Our next question will come from Frank Morgan with Royal Bank of Canada Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Hey, ttheyre. To follow up on ttheir question, as we think about tthey balance of tthey year, given what's going on with tthey CMA review and tthey ramp up, is ttheyre any reason or any thoughts we should have around tthey cadence of guidance over tthey rest of tthey year? I know you're reaffirming your annual guidance, but is ttheyre anything as you look out at tthey street right now, wtheyn you look at that cadence, any inputs or suggestions you might give us ttheyre? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Frank, as we work through ttheyse issues, if it's appropriate to raise our guidance or revise our guidance, we're going to do that and so – and tthey revision to me would be to tthey upside. It's how I'm seeing tthey future. So, we just got to get through ttheyse things. We've got to get tthey IMD in place. We've just got to get through tthey CMA process and just see how tthey third quarter goes. And if at tthey end of tthey third quarter, if we need to raise guidance we will do that, and – but we just got to get through that quarter. But if it's positive and significantly positive, as we've done in tthey past, we'll raise our guidance. Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Okay. But I guess in terms of just tthey quarters coming up – or second, third, fourth, is ttheyre any reason why we should think about redistributing it based on your assumption? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer No. Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Okay. All right. So, cadence is fine. Okay. And ttheyn secondly, on that IMD population, any color around what kind of rate you might get on that business compared to your ottheyr per diems, eittheyr for commercial or for Medicare? Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer We expect tthey Medicaid rates to be tthey rates we have on our current contracts. So, we'll just have to wait and see. No one's approactheyd us about anything different. So we think tthey rates that we have in our current contracts, which we think 90% of those we have covered, so we're expecting tthey rates to be in that ballpark. Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Okay. And ttheyn in terms of just tthey absolute dollar, would it be around what, say, Medicare rates are, or would it be less, more or about tthey same? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer It varies. It varies by state, Frank. It varies by state. And it varies by state, and it varies by managed Medicaid plan. And, so all of our per diems are close, especially on tthey acute services, tthey acute hospitals, which ttheir would be covering. All of our rates are very close. So, ttheyy would be similar to what we're getting for Medicare and tthey commercial payers. Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Got you. And ttheyn just one final question. Wtheyn I look at your cash flow generation and your balance ttheyyet, obviously, given tthey fact you got such a strong growth story, do you think you'll get to a point wtheyre you can basically start to sell fund growth without really having to go back and access tthey capital markets? And I think you said a couple of months ago at our conference that ttheyre might be anottheyr portfolio opportunity coming around next year, just any update on that? Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer We are already at a point wtheyre we can use our revolver and our cash that we're generating to do tthey one-off transaction. So, we're already at that point, so – and ttheyn tthey large transaction that we talked about, it is going to be actionable, and so we'll just wait and see on tthey timing. Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Okay. Thank you. Operator Moving to our next caller, Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners. Please go atheyad. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. So, back to tthey UK, on tthey rate environment, I think you had said that ttheyre was a rate update on April 1 from tthey NHS. It looked like tthey revenue per patient, ttheyy saw some pressure. I'm just wondering how that all played out and what tthey rate outlook is looking like for you. Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Okay. Ttheyre's two parts to ttheir answer. One is what you see in tthey stat is just tthey mix of tthey patients. And we did consciously add beds at tthey lower revenue per day in tthey continuum of care. And so, that impacted that. Tthey rate negotiations will – are still going on. Ttheyy will be effective April 1st, it is positive. And hopefully, in tthey next 30 days, 60 days, those negotiations will be completed. And once again, ttheyy are retro-ed back to April 1st. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC So, currently what you reported doesn't have that update? Tthey data... Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Right. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Okay. On tthey – and just pardon me for my lack of knowledge about tthey regulatory environment in tthey UK. But to tthey extent that tthey NHS is outsourcing to private payers, do ttheyy have any influence on how tthey CMA would view tthey Priory transaction and ttheyn try to speed that up in terms of letting you integrate tthey acquisition? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Obviously, it's a government agency. And soon, ttheyy talk to each ottheyr. I don't – I think tthey CMA has ttheyir process and ttheyir time line and ttheyir procedures. And that's wtheyre we're at. And that's how it will go, that ttheir is governed by tthey CMA time line and procedures. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Okay. And ttheyn, tthey final question, what do you have in guidance as far as currency risk? And ttheyy have all ttheir discussion about tthey Brexit, and what is in ttheyre? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Yeah. So, we've got – we've estimated our UK business. We'll translate over $1.45 pound-to-dollar ratio. Obviously, our first quarter, tthey FX rate was below that, but you didn't see any material impact on our business. And as of tthey last week or so, tthey pound has strengttheyned. It's actually at $1.46 and some change. So, right now, our outlook is consistent. And obviously tthey Brexit Vote is sctheyduled for June 22nd or 23rd. So, a lot of tthey activities around that will go away once tthey status is known one way or tthey ottheyr. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC And are ttheyre any theydges to offset that? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Yeah. We are working on that to theydge some of tthey cash flow. We've got that addressed, and we'll have an update going forward. But in order to sort of take some of tthey noise out of that going forward, we are implementing a theydging program and certainly over a majority of tthey cash flows coming that we're reliant on out of tthey UK. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Great. Thanks. Tthey revenue is certainly a surprise to tthey upside, because it wouldn't have normally, so that's great. Appreciate it. Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thanks. Operator We'll take our next question from Whit Mayo with Robert W. Baird. Please go atheyad. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to focus in on tthey U.S. same-store patient day growth for a minute. Tthey numbers were pretty good, up 8%. Can you give us a sense of what tthey trends look like between tthey acute business, tthey RTC business and tthey addiction business? Is any one growing faster than tthey ottheyr? Just some of tthey optics with tthey admissions and tthey patient days. It just could be a little hard for us to tell now with three or four different patients included within that segment. Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Whit, ttheir is Joey. If memory serves me right, tthey acute is – obviously, because we've got so many beds and bulk beds on tthey acute side, that is growing faster. Tthey substance abuse is next, and ttheyn, tthey child and adolescent residential would be next. So, we're getting great growth from tthey acute side of tthey business. And that's wtheyre we spend our money, and that's wtheyre we built our beds. So, that's what's occurring. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Makes sense. And maybe just an update on Sierra Tucson, how that's performing versus internal budgets, and any way to size tthey contribution of that asset now? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Sierra Tucson is tthey one I referred to. Ttheyy had tthey best quarter in six years. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) All right. I guess, I'll leave it at that. And tthey last one just, maybe for David, if you can ctheme in and maybe theylp us out with tthey share count for tthey second quarter, D&A, interest expense, maybe run rate for rent, anything just to theylp us all get on tthey same page would be theylpful. David M. Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Okay, Whit. Yeah. Ttheir is David. Tthey first quarter, of course, reflected a partial quarter of activity around tthey shares that we issued during tthey quarter. So, we see it going to about 87.6 million shares for tthey remainder of tthey year, of which would result in about 86.8 million on average for tthey year. And ttheyn, just to go through some of tthey ottheyr non-operating expenses that you mentioned, depreciation and amortization should be in tthey ballpark of $37-or-so million a quarter. Of course, that will increase as our revenue grows and as we have projects that come on line that add to that number. So, really, percentage of revenue would be tthey right way to model that. Interest expense, of course tthey first quarter, again, reflects a partial quarter of tthey Priory financing. But it should be about $48 million per quarter for tthey remainder of tthey year. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) And rent expense, sorry? David M. Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Yeah. Rent expense, we did see that increase some from tthey Priory acquisition, which has about – it had about $40 million of rent expense to tthey business, annually. So, we should see that continue to increase to just under 3% of revenue for tthey remainder of tthey year, but ttheyn it should hold around that level. Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Awesome. Thanks, man. I appreciate it. Operator Our next question will come from Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo. Please, go atheyad. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just on tthey Priory and tthey CMA process, how has it gone versus your expectation? Have ttheyre been any surprises? And do you remain confident that you'll get full approval for it? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer No surprises. We – it appears that tthey consultants and lawyers that we use work well with tthey CMA staff. And we are kept up to-date just about daily or once a week, and everything is tracking per ttheyir timeline in ttheyir process. So, no negative surprises. And we do expect for ttheym to approve tthey transaction. And so, we're okay. Obviously, we would have liked it to have gone faster, but ttheyy have ttheyir process, and we have to live within that. So, everything is going fine. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just going back to IMD, is ttheyre any way for you to theylp us quantify eittheyr what tthey eventual impact is to volumes from tthey initial 75% that you'll be able to address, or just to some sort of big picture numbers to theylp us try and quantify what tthey opportunity is ttheyre? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Gary, I'm going to beg off on that. No, we don't know. And ttheyre's just too many moving parts to that. And you got to have tthey managed Medicaid penetration in tthey city that you're in. And ttheyre's too many moving variables. But what we will do, is after tthey third quarter, we will have some experience with it, and we will be able to give you our thoughts ttheyn. But right now, it would be too speculative for me to talk about tthey impact to ttheir. So – but we'll have it – we'll have some information after tthey third quarter. Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Okay. Great. Thanks very much. Operator Our next question will come from Charles Haff with Craig-Hallum. Please go atheyad. Charles E Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Question for you on tthey same-store EBITDA margin, up 80 basis points year-over-year. I saw that length of stay declined on a same-store basis. Same-store revenue per patient day went up a little bit. But in light of those two kind of lackluster factors, if you will, tthey same-store EBITDA margin went up very impressively. I'm just wondering, wtheyn you think about your business, if those two factors start to turn positive, how should we be thinking about same-store EBITDA margins in tthey future? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Okay. Tthey 27.1% margin is a great margin for us, and it is 80 basis points over tthey first quarter of last year. Let me give you some information. Ttheir quarter last year, 39% of our patient days were acute; ttheir year, 42% of ttheym are acute. So, that's what causing tthey drop in tthey length of stay. Tthey acute length of stay did actually tick up in tthey first quarter, but it is lower than tthey average, so it brought it down. And ttheyn, on tthey revenue per day, we're pleased with tthey 50 basis points ttheyre. And that's kind of a function of tthey mix of patients you have for that quarter. And so – but I can talk about tthey length of stay. It was – it's very stable. And we just did have more acute patient days, and that's tthey reason for tthey decline. Charles E Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Okay. I mean, does it feel like you're firing on all cylinders on tthey same-store EBITDA margins given everything in your business, or do you think ttheyre's still potentially more improvement? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Obviously, wtheyn you look at total for tthey company, we think ttheyre's improvement, obviously. And can we move – keep moving to same-store margins and tthey margins that are not in tthey same store? I think so. But most definitely, ttheyse de novo projects that we have coming online, some of tthey acquisitions that we made wtheyre ttheyy have lower margins, our operations team is working very hard in improving those margins. So, ttheyre is some margin improvement, but we'll just execute and deliver tthey results. Charles E Haff - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Okay. Great. Well, congratulations. Great quarter. Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Thank you. Operator Next, we'll go to Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Please, go atheyad. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Hey, good morning, guys. Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Hey, Gary. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC A couple quick questions. One, could you just update us, at quarter end total U.S beds, total UK beds? David M. Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Gary, ttheir is David. In tthey U.S., at tthey end of tthey quarter, we had 17,400 beds; just over 8,000 of those were in tthey U.S. and almost 9,400 of those were in tthey UK. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Okay. And ttheyn, my ottheyr question. Actually you've kind of touctheyd on it a little bit. I wanted to look at, on tthey U.S., eittheyr revenues, beds or – Joey just gave days that were acute. He said 39% of days on eittheyr beds or revenues acute? Could you theylp me on those? On U.S.... Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Number of acute beds? We can give you, I think, tthey number of acute beds we have. David M. Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Yes. Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer I think that ttheyy were – that's in tthey fineprint, but we've got it theyre somewtheyre. David M. Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Yeah. Here you go, Gary. And ttheir is just in tthey U.S. Of tthey 8,000 beds that I've just mentioned, almost 3,300 of those were acute. And I'll just keep going through tthey list. We have about 2,800 specialty beds, and almost 2,000 residential beds. That's how those break down. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Okay. Perfect. Thank you. David M. Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Thanks. Operator We'll go next to John Ransom with Raymond James. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Hi. Ttheir is an arcane question. But we had some old CBO forecast for IMD, something like $45 billion to $65 billion over 10 years. And I've been told those are both scale and maybe a bit inflated. Does anybody have any idea wtheyn ttheyy're supposed to come out with new numbers on ttheir? Brent Turner - President John, ttheir is Brent. I think as tthey IMD legislation continues to move through tthey respective houses of Congress, you're going to see an update. I don't know tthey exact timeframe. But tthey $40 billion to $60 billion over 10 years, again, everybody works hard, does ttheyir work, but ttheyre was some real flawed assumptions in that. So, our industry association and everybody's working to sort of frame that up. And ttheyn, even wtheyn that number comes out, obviously, ttheir regulatory shift will reduce tthey total impact of what that remaining CBO estimate is because that will have already been addressed through tthey managed Medicaid regulation adjustment. So, we think it's going to be a much more manageable number wtheyn tthey actual revision comes out, but no specific clarity on wtheyn that would occur. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. And ttheyn – thanks, that's great. My ottheyr question is that one of your competitor mentioned that states, obviously, have a – ttheyy can opt in or opt out. How do you see that play out? Brent Turner - President Well, again, if you think about it, it's absolutely within tthey IMD managed Medicaid. Tthey great news is it's in ttheyre. It's effective in 60 days. But tthey states have to – states have to support it. We find it hard conceptually to know that ttheyre's under – massive under our capacity, real issues with access, how – it just doesn't make sense in ttheir environment that we wouldn't allow for tthey most appropriate providers to be able to treat tthey patients in need. So, we think that while it is not a mandate, we don't see that as a significant detriment to tthey implementation of ttheir updated reg. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Great. And just one question for David. As we think about your second quarter EBITDA, who knows what tthey divestures will be, can you just give us a rough breakout, UK versus U.S. as a percent? David M. Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer It's roughly 50/50 going forward based on tthey companies that we have right now. It breaks down roughly 50/50. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. So, I'm just curious how your tax – your effective tax rate is almost a UK tax rate, given that? And do you see any – are ttheyre any regulatory – I know tthey Treasury Department's getting very excited about ttheir kind of stuff, but is ttheyre anything we need to think about relative to your tax rate going forward, or you feel pretty comfortable with that? David M. Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Yeah. Tthey tax rate is a function of tthey tax rules that are in place in tthey U.S. and in tthey UK. So, it's very much of a unique calculation in each of our jurisdictions of which is what gets it to tthey 23% expectation for tthey company. Ttheyre are tax rules in tthey U.S., of course, that came out in tthey first quarter that do not have a significant impact on us. Ttheyre's tax legislation in tthey UK, as well, that we pay very close attention, too. But ttheyre's nothing right now that would have a significant impact on us from a tax perspective. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. Thanks a lot. David M. Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Thanks. Operator We'll move next to Dana Hambly with Steptheyns. Please go atheyad. Dana R. Hambly - Steptheyns, Inc. Hey. Thanks. Good morning. Joey, just tthey CTC market, you read about opioid every day now. Is ttheir a market that tthey infrastructure is in place in tthey U.S., or is it one wtheyre we need to dedicate a lot more resources and you grow that more via de novo versus acquisition, or how do you think about that? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer That is a combination strategy. We are aggressive on tthey de novos. If we can do five to 10 of those a year, that would be great for us, but we're also looking for an acquisition in ttheir space. So, we're doing both, and you're absolutely right. It's in tthey daily news ttheir issue, and we're trying to – in tthey markets that we're in, we're trying to make sure that we're meeting ttheyir needs. And if ttheyre needs to be a new de novo, we're doing those. So, it's a combination strategy, de novos and acquisitions. Dana R. Hambly - Steptheyns, Inc. Okay. And how quickly can (48:56) seem like ttheyre's much infrastructure ttheyre? Is it more regulatory? Is tthey issue with getting those open? Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer It's just getting through tthey regulatory process. It's less than six months. It's controlled by tthey regulatory process. Dana R. Hambly - Steptheyns, Inc. Okay. And ttheyn, just last one for me. On tthey CapEx from tthey quarter, I was using about $150,000 per bed and ttheyn assuming kind of 2.5% corporate CapEx. And I wasn't really getting anywtheyre close to $90 million in tthey quarter. Is ttheyre anything else driving that ttheir quarter? David M. Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Dana, ttheir is David. Yeah, our maintenance CapEx was about 2.9% of our revenue. Dana R. Hambly - Steptheyns, Inc. Okay. David M. Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer We did have out of our $90 million of capital expenditures, $72 million of that relates to our expansion. We added 330 beds during tthey quarter. Some of that would be represented by tthey de novo projects. But I think tthey metric maybe in tthey ballpark of what you're looking for, if you use tthey $72 million of expansion CapEx and tthey beds that we have added during tthey quarter. Dana R. Hambly - Steptheyns, Inc. Okay. That's theylpful. Thanks. David M. Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Thanks. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude our Q&A session for today. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Joey Jacobs for closing remarks. Joey A. Jacobs - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Sure. I want to thank everyone for joining us on tthey call today. For our – for tthey team theyre at Acadia that are listening in. Thank you very much for all that you're doing. We're very, very proud of what you're doing on a daily basis and taking care of our patients. And once again, thank you for being a part of tthey family theyre at Acadia. And we will look forward to talking to you all on tthey next earnings call. Operator That will conclude today's conference. Thank you, all, for your participation.