Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call July 28, 2023 9:30 AM ET Company Participants Gretctheyn Hommrich – Vice President-Investor Relations Chris Hunter – Chief Executive Officer Raymond Dixon – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Andrew Mok – UBS Whit Mayo – Leerink Partners A.J. Rice – Credit Suisse John Ransom – Raymond James Gary Taylor – Cowen Pito Chickering – Deutscthey Bank John Ransom – Raymond James Brian Tanquilut – Jefferies Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Acadia Healthcare Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Gretctheyn Hommrich. Please go atheyad. Gretctheyn Hommrich Good morning, and welcome to Acadia’s second quarter 2023 conference call. I’m Gretctheyn Hommrich, Vice President of Investor Relations for Acadia. I'll first provide you with our safe harbor before turning tthey call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Chris Hunter. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today’s call. You will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday’s news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia’s expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2023 and beyond. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company’s second quarter news release. And consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Chris Hunter, for opening remarks. Chris Hunter Thank you, Gretctheyn, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for being with us for Acadia’s second quarter 2023 conference call. For tthey second quarter, we reported impressive results across multiple measures. Given ttheir momentum and our confidence in tthey continued strong performance of our business, we’re increasing our guidance for tthey year. I’m eager to discuss our performance, but first, I want to acknowledge several outstanding additions to our leadership team. Ttheir includes Raymond Dixon, who started with tthey company earlier ttheir month as our new Chief Financial Officer. Raymond brings significant executive-level financial expertise with substantial payer, provider and pharmacy experience across tthey theyalth care landscape. We’re also pleased to welcome Carl Simon, as tthey company’s new Chief Human Resources Officer; and Brian Farley, is our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Both Carl and Brian bring deep experience and we know ttheyy will make valuable contributions in ttheyir respective roles. And as we welcome ttheyse new leaders, I want to also thank David Duckworth and Chris Howard for tthey contributions ttheyy made in support of Acadia’s growth and success, we wish ttheym tthey very best. Turning to tthey quarter. Our second quarter results reflect continued momentum in our business through tthey first half of 2023. Excluding $8.6 million of income from tthey provider relief fund recognized back in tthey second quarter of 2022, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 12.2%, adjusted EBITDA growth of 10.9%, and adjusted EPS growth of 9.5%. We are pleased with tthey growth trajectory of our business with solid performance across all service lines. Same facility revenue increased 11.4% compared with tthey same period last year. Notably, we achieved strong patient day growth of 4.9% and revenue per day growth of 6.1%, which is supported by favorable rate increases across our service lines, including CTC, markets and payers. In line with our forecast, we continued to see sequential improvement in our labor trends with wage inflation decreasing from 7.5% in tthey first quarter of 2023 to 6.3% in tthey second quarter of 2023. While not all markets are tthey same, on an overall basis, tthey labor environment continues to show signs of improvement, positioning tthey company for continued stability in wage growth moderation over tthey remainder of tthey year. Tthey team has continued to execute on our five distinct growth pathways with significant progress made ttheir year. For our first pathway facility expansions, we added 98 beds to existing facilities in tthey second quarter, bringing tthey total additions to 204 beds to date. We expect to add a total of approximately 300 beds in 2023, consists with prior years. For our second pathway, we’re making good progress towards our plan of accelerating wholly-owned de novo hospital growth. We’re on sctheydule to open a newly renovated 101-bed adult hospital and outpatient facility, which is part of tthey Montrose Behavioral Health Hospital in Chicago, Illinois as well as an 80-bed inpatient hospital, Coactheylla Valley Behavioral Health in Indio, California. Both are expected to commence operations later ttheir year. And are actively – we are actively identifying and advancing additional de novo expansion opportunities to open in 2024 and beyond. Our network of CTCs also continues to expand and we opened two new CTC locations in tthey second quarter. We're experiencing solid demand for medication-assisted treatment for patients dealing with opioid use disorder, a chronic disease affecting nearly 10 million individuals nationwide, that untreated can lead to serious potential consequences including disability, relapse and death. We are focused on accelerating tthey expansion of our network of 153 CTCs in 32 states with tthey goal of adding at least six CTCs in 2023. Regarding our third growth pathway, we are extremely proud of our work across tthey country with our joint venture partners, and we continue to expand ttheir strategic network. We recently announced our 19th and 20th joint ventures, a partnership with SolutionHealth for a 144-bed behavioral theyalth hospital in Souttheyast New Hampshire, as well as a partnership with Nebraska Methodist Health System for developing a 96-bed hospital that will serve tthey Omaha, Nebraska, and Council Bluffs, Iowa, metropolitan area. Ttheyse new hospitals will expand our acute service line into two additional states, New Hampshire and Iowa. As we have demonstrated in our ottheyr joint ventures, we will combine our expertise with tthey experience and establittheyyd market presence of ttheyse leading providers to develop and provide quality behavioral theyalth care services in ttheyir respective communities. Additionally, early in tthey third quarter, we opened a 96-bed hospital with our joint venture partner, Bronson Healthcare in Battle Creek, Michigan and anottheyr 96-bed hospital with our partner, Geisinger Behavioral Health Center Norttheyast in Moosic, Pennsylvania. We look forward to working togettheyr with ttheyse premier theyalth systems to provide needed quality behavioral theyalth care in ttheyir respective markets. Today, Acadia's 20 JV partnerships represent a combined total of 21 hospitals with 11 hospitals already in operation and 10 hospitals expected to open over tthey next several years. We have a growing pipeline of potential joint venture partners and we'll continue to pursue ttheir important growth pathway in 2023 and beyond. For our fourth pathway, we continue to look for acquisitions that advance our growth strategy. We're excited about our announcement yesterday to acquire Turning Point Centers, a 76-bed specialty provider of substance use disorder and primary mental theyalth treatment services that serves tthey Salt Lake City, Utah metropolitan market. Turning Point Centers provides a full continuum of treatment services including residential, partial hospitalization and intensive outpatient services. Ttheir acquisition will extend Acadia's geographic footprint for our specialty service line into a new state and enhance our continuum of care in Utah to include all four service lines. We expect to close ttheir transaction in 2023. Our fifth and final pathway is focused on improving our service offerings and ensuring that we have tthey appropriate level of care for patients seeking treatment. During tthey second quarter, we have expanded our treatment options by adding 14 outpatient programs in PHP IOPs and virtual services and 23 PHP IOPs since tthey beginning of tthey year at select facilities to assist patients after ttheyy leave inpatient and residential treatment. Through each of ttheyse five growth pathways, we are well positioned to maintain our strong growth trajectory and meet our stated development targets for calendar 2023 as follows: adding approximately 670 beds through approximately 300-bed additions to existing facilities of which, we've already opened 204 year-to-date, opening two inpatient de novo hospitals, opening two hospitals with JV partners, which we completed early in tthey third quarter and opening at least six CTC locations, including tthey two already mentioned. In addition to expanding our market reach to meet tthey increasing demand for our services, we're focused on making tthey right strategic investments to enhance our service offerings and drive favorable clinical outcomes. Importantly, we remain committed to quality in every aspect of our operations. We strive to set tthey standard for clinical excellence by utilizing our enterprise-wide quality and safety platform, which supports consistent and effective compassionate care delivery. We continue to make investments in our technology platform, leadership development, staff training and treatment programming with a common goal to deliver tthey best possible outcome for our patients. As Acadia continues to grow, we're also committed to strengttheyning tthey technology and systems that underpin our operations. Our investment in electronic medical records for example, is focused on improving clinical standardization, workflow, clinician experience and ultimately, tthey quality and efficiency of tthey care we deliver for our complex patients. Additionally, we are investing in patient monitoring technology, which theylps us ensure our foundational commitment to patient safety. Ttheir technology provides real-time data visibility and feedback to our clinical staff, ensuring consistent execution across our facilities. Through tthey patient safety initiatives that we've implemented over tthey last 12 months, we are pleased with our progress and have seen positive results in patient care and fewer patient incidents. We're extremely grateful for our dedicated employees who continue to advance our purpose to lead care with light and to provide safe quality care for more patients and families who come to us for treatment during ttheyir darkest times. At ttheir point, I will now turn tthey call over to Raymond to discuss our financial results for tthey quarter in our 2023 guidance. Raymond Dixon Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I'm honored to be with you today as Acadia's new Chief Financial Officer and look forward to working with ttheir extraordinary leadership team. Acadia has significant opportunities to deliver high-quality care to our patients and sustainable value to our stockholders, and I'm excited to partner with Chris and tthey management team to furttheyr enhance our scope of services and extend our market reach.  Now looking at tthey results for tthey quarter. Our second quarter financial performance showed continued momentum through tthey first half of 2023. We achieved solid top line growth with $731.3 million in revenue for tthey quarter, up 12.2% over tthey second quarter of last year. During tthey second quarter of 2022, tthey company recorded income of $8.6 million related to tthey provider relief fund establittheyyd by tthey CARES Act. Excluding ttheir income, adjusted EBITDA for tthey second quarter of 2023 increased 10.9% to $174.5 million compared with $157.3 million for tthey second quarter of 2022. And adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders per diluted share was $0.92, up 9.5% for tthey second quarter of 2023 compared with $0.84 for tthey second quarter of 2022. Adjustments to income for tthey second quarter of 2023 include transaction-related expenses loss on impairment and tthey related income tax effect. We remain focused on maintaining a strong financial position, providing us tthey flexibility and access to capital to support our organic growth strategy and future investments. As of June 30, 2023, we had $112.2 million in cash and cash equivalents and $505 million available under our $600 million revolving credit facility with a net leverage ratio of approximately two times. Before I discuss our updated guidance for tthey full year, I want to touch on tthey 8-K, we filed on July 11, 2023, regarding tthey Desert Hills verdict and related litigation in New Mexico. Since that filing, ttheyre have been no developments and we have nothing new to report. In accordance with tthey accounting guidance, we have maintained our professional liability reserves related to ttheir matter, consistent with tthey amounts recorded in prior periods. We are evaluating all legal options and intend to challenge tthey verdict. Given ttheir is ongoing litigation, we will not be providing additional commentary regarding ttheir legal matter on today's call. Now turning to guidance. As noted in our press release, we are increasing our financial guidance for tthey full year, which includes revenue now in a range of $2.86 billion to $2.9 billion, adjusted EBITDA now in a range of $655 million to $685 million and adjusted and adjusted earnings per diluted share in a range of $3.25 to $3.50. Please refer to our press release for all ottheyr metrics that we affirmed. As a reminder, tthey company's guidance does not include tthey impact of any future acquisitions, divestitures, transaction-related expenses or tthey recognition of additional provider relief fund income. With that, operator, we're ready to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Mok with UBS. Please go atheyad. Andrew Mok Hi, good morning. Maybe first question just on guidance. You beat Street estimates by about $7 million and raised tthey guide by $15 million. Just wanted to better understand tthey strengttheyning trends that you're seeing and that prompted you to raise tthey outlook for tthey back half of tthey year? And any color on tthey second half pricing outlook would be theylpful? Thanks. Raymond Dixon Sure. Thanks for tthey question, Andrew. So first of all, I just want to reiterate that we're very pleased to see tthey strong results and tthey operating trends that we had for tthey first half of 2023. And I would point to a few things that are really driving tthey confidence that we have to look towards tthey back half of tthey year. Tthey first is volume trends, reflecting strong demand, occupancy rates and capacity additions. Tthey second is improved visibility into tthey back half of tthey year for our revenue per day. We expect that to continue for tthey full year to be in mid-single digits. And ttheyn finally, I would point to labor costs continuing to moderate throughout tthey year. Andrew Mok Got it. Maybe just a follow-up on tthey labor. Sequentially, SWB stepped down in tthey quarter, which booked theirtorical trends and possibly steps over some April merit increases. Can you flesh out tthey drivers of tthey sequential decline? And if we look at SWB per patient today, is tthey expectation from theyre that you'll hold that flat such that tthey year-over-year increase steps down meaningfully in tthey back half of tthey year? Thanks. Raymond Dixon Sure. Sure. And let me take those one at a time. So I would say, partially, you're right. What we did see is some seasonality that's coming through from Q1 to Q2. If you remember, in tthey first quarter, we have about 70% of our employee base merit increases that come through – and in tthey second quarter, in April, we have tthey remaining 30% of those that come through. I mean those are addressed according to tthey geographic markets, tthey performance job categories, et cetera. But generally speaking, it's about a 70-30 split. In addition, we have seasonality in tthey payroll taxes that we see that come through in tthey first quarter of every year. So for sure, ttheyre's a portion of that that you're seeing in that sequential decline. And that said, I would say that we expect to see that hold flat and to continue to moderate overall. We are seeing improvements in tthey labor trends and we would expect to see that to continue. Tthey base wage inflation went down about a 120 basis points from 7.5% in Q1 to 6.3% in Q2, and we would expect to see that to continue to moderate throughout tthey back half of tthey year. Andrew Mok Great. Thanks for all tthey color. Operator Our next question comes from Whit Mayo with Leerink Partners. Please go atheyad. Whit Mayo Thanks and welcome, Raymond. Chris, maybe just to start, just a strategic question. I mean I think you've been sort of identifying some field-level initiatives around cost management, specifically, maybe standardization opportunities in tthey back office, IT, administrative functions. Just wtheyre maybe you see some of tthey largest organic growth opportunities on tthey cost side to standardize some of those functions and maybe any way to put some numbers around it? Thanks. Chris Hunter Yes. I think – thanks for tthey question, Whit. And ttheyre were a number of things that we have had ongoing. I mean, clearly, we see technology as an opportunity for us to not only achieve efficiencies in tthey business, but we're also seeing some real improvements on tthey safety side and clearly just evidence of being able to produce greater clinical outcomes. I know that everyone would like to see more detail on some of tthey efficiencies that ttheyse IT investments will drive, and I think we'll have that in short order. I would say in tthey near term, tthey results that we're seeing from tthey EMR installations that we've seen to date have been extremely beneficial in that we have seen not only really solid feedback from surveyors and regulators that have been into our facilities, but we're also seeing a really nice uptick in employee engagement for those facilities wtheyre we do have an EMR in place, which has really theylped us on tthey recruitment front, and we think will continue to theylp us on tthey retention front as we roll those out as well. And ttheyn we alluded in tthey prepared remarks to some of tthey remote monitoring software that we've been able to put in place that also has proven some really strong benefits to our patients as well. And I think overall, just given how paper-intensive ttheir industry has been – we just know that we're going to continue to see back office improvement as time goes on as well. So those are just some of tthey broader things. I mean, clearly, as we continue to roll out tthey EMR across all of our acute facilities, we'll continue to see greater efficiencies. But I think tthey point I would want to make is that we are already seeing tthey benefit to date on tthey patient engagement side and on tthey employee engagement side and also just with ttheyse surveyors and regulators already. Whit Mayo And last question, just views on tthey physician fee sctheydule, tthey proposal ttheyre, tthey impact on tthey CTC business? And maybe any updated thoughts on tthey opioid settlement, some of tthey states are disclosing now direct support to OTP program, so wondering if you had any updated views? Thanks. Chris Hunter Yes. I mean clearly, we continue to watch tthey CTC, tthey settlement dollars very closely. $54 billion, again, have been allocated, only about $3 billion of tthey total settlement funds have been dispersed to ttheir date. Ttheyre was a report that we saw earlier ttheir summer by Reuters that only 16 states right now actually have a central statewide publicly available process for organizations to apply for funding. But we have been successful in applying for and receiving funds early on. Usually, ttheir is at tthey individual county level. And to date, it's been for things like harm-reduction services and wraparound care, things like case management and even housing support. But I would just say it's still very early days. We've bolstered some of our capabilities ttheyre and continue watching and tracking ttheyse grants as ttheyy come over and think that we'll continue to be really well positioned for that. But overall, I think we just continue to be really optimistic theyre. 70% of tthey money that has actually is received by states has to be spent on future opioid remediation efforts. And so we feel great about that and tthey transparency that we're beginning to see. I think ttheyre's 15 states now that have explicitly promised to publicly report 100% of ttheyir settlement expenditures, which is really a contrast to tthey way tthey tobacco settlements worked out. So it's still very early stages theyre. We've bolstered our team on tthey CTC side and just continue to feel very positive about our ability to continue to win many of ttheyse awards as ttheyy continue to come out. But clearly, ttheir will accelerate into 2024 and well into 2025 as well. Whit Mayo Okay, thank you. Operator Our next question comes from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. A.J. Rice Thanks. Hi everybody. Just maybe first to delve in a little bit more on tthey pricing for tthey back half of tthey year and year atheyad. You had, I think, back in February wtheyn you gave tthey fourth quarter release, ttheyre have been some discussion, and it actually created a little bit of confusion that tthey company was at least baking into guidance at that point, tthey possibility of a moderation in pricing in tthey back half of tthey year as pricing has been pretty robust. It sounds like you're feeling a little better about tthey sustainability of at least tthey level you're at now. Can you just comment on wtheyttheyr I'm theyaring that right? And does that tend to concentrate more on what you're seeing on tthey Medicaid side, on tthey commercial side? Any thoughts on that? Raymond Dixon Hi ttheyre. Yes, you are theyaring that correctly. You are correct that we had anticipated some moderation in tthey revenue per day and tthey rates in tthey back half of tthey year previously. But as we've finalize tthey number of tthey Medicaid and commercial rate increases since tthey last time we spoke to you, many of which have effective dates as of July 1. We're seeing much more direct visibility into tthey second half of tthey year. I mean tthey experience can, of course, vary by market and payer, but we continue to see average rate increases in tthey mid-single digits. And so that's now what we're projecting for tthey back half of tthey year is for that continued mid-single-digit growth across all service lines, including CTC we'll expect to see that continued growth. A.J. Rice Okay. And ttheyn just maybe on tthey follow-up, tthey turning point deal looks like an interesting one. Maybe just spend a minute talking about that opportunity? And I know one thing with tthey development pipeline in general in tthey M&A pipeline – ttheyre was a time wtheyn we had to think about start-up losses associated with that, those pipelines. It doesn't seem like that's as much of a theyadwind for you. And I wondered if I'm theyaring that right? And why might that be tthey case? You seem like you're managing that a little more, a little better in terms of tthey potential costs and so forth of all tthey new development you're pursuing? Chris Hunter Yes, A.J., ttheir is Chris. Thanks for tthey question. Why don't I take Turning Point, and I'll let Raymond just speak to tthey start-up loss question that you have. But first, on Turning Point, we feel great about tthey ability to announce ttheir transaction. I mean, ttheir is tthey first time that we have been able to have all four lines of business in one geographic region in Salt Lake City. Ttheir is a nice opportunity for us, 76-bed specialty provider of substance use disorder and primary mental theyalth treatment services. We expect it to close by tthey end of tthey year and are already beginning to work on tthey integration related to that. Ttheir is one wtheyre just our ability to extend our specialty footprint, but also tthey synergies with our ottheyr lines of business, just had made ttheir one particularly attractive. Ttheir is a proprietary transaction that we identified and sourced ourselves. And wtheyn we have theirtorically looked back at those acquisitions that have been most successful at Acadia, tthey ability to have expansion opportunity has proven really important. And ttheir is one wtheyre we think we can add an incremental 48 beds to tthey 76 beds that ttheyy currently have over time. So that really was a deciding factor for us on ttheir transaction. And we do expect, while ttheir won’t close until tthey end of tthey year that tthey acquisition will be accretive in its first year. So Raymond, do you want to speak to tthey start-up loss question? Raymond Dixon Sure. In terms of tthey start-up losses, we do continue to project those to be fairly consistent. We usually expect ttheym to be between $15 million and $20 million a year, and that’s consistent with what we saw in Q2 of $5.4 million, and we would expect for that to continue to be roughly that same amount per quarter. As we think about how we moderate tthey sctheyduling of tthey openings and how you think about new facilities opening roll in and ttheyn facilities that ramp roll out of that calculation, we just expect that to stay pretty stable. A.J. Rice All right. Thanks a lot. Operator Our next question comes from John Ransom with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. John Ransom Hi good morning. A two-parter for me. Number one, if you look at your pre-overtheyad margins, ttheyy’re about as high as ttheyy’ve been. What do you think tthey ceiling is for those margins, number one? And ttheyn number two, you have an idea like what tthey spending per hospital is going to look like wtheyn you roll out – fully roll out your EMR? Thanks. Raymond Dixon So maybe I’ll speak to what I think you’re asking is tthey corporate overtheyad sort of cost. And if we see that stabilizing over tthey period to period, we would... John Ransom No, no, no. I’m actually asking tthey pre-overtheyad hospital margins in tthey high 20s, what do you think tthey feeling is not – it’s pre-overtheyad. What do you think tthey feeling is for tthey pre-overtheyad hospital margins as you sit today? Thanks. Raymond Dixon Okay. Thanks. I understand. So, I would say that we continue – we expect, we can see that to be a continued strong margin as we look at what those will contribute. John Ransom And ttheyn tthey EMR spending for hospitals. Chris Hunter Yes, John, sorry, can you – you cut out on tthey tail end of that. What specifically was tthey question around EMR? John Ransom Sorry. So tthey EMR, you provided a range at your Analyst Day. But as you think about your EMR spending, have you landed on a kind of rollout sctheydule and a cost per hospital on that line item? Thanks. Chris Hunter Yes. We’re still working through that. I mean, I would say that what we’ve laid out in our Investor Day continues to be very consistent. We broke that out between CapEx and OpEx. And I would say we’re still very much tracking ttheyre. I think one of tthey things we’re looking at, just given tthey early results that have been very attractive as we’ve continued to bring a number of ttheyse acute facilities up on an EMR is can we even go a little bit faster. Right now, we’ve had a plan to roll all of our acute facilities out over a two-year period. And we’re looking closely with ottheyrs theylp at wtheyttheyr or not it would make sense for us to accelerate that, but we’re still – we haven’t disclosed tthey cost per facility I think most importantly, what we laid out at Investor Day continues to be very much on track. John Ransom Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Kevin Fishbeck with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Nabil [ph] on for Kevin. Thanks for taking my question. Can you talk about how volumes trended across tthey different segments in tthey quarter? And how are you thinking about growth in tthey second half of tthey year? Raymond Dixon Sure. So we have seen strong demand in patient volumes during tthey second quarter, as we’ve been saying. Tthey last three years of same facility volume growth has been roughly in tthey 2% to 4% range, and we’ve been really highly focused on delivering volume growth acceleration. And tthey opportunities that we’ve identified have led us to really point to 4% to 6% growth expectation for 2023. We really attribute that and some record patient census levels to a few things. First is demand across tthey service lines. Second is optimization and our marketing and admissions processes. Third, tthey stronger occupancy rates that are driven by that demand and tthey operational execution. And ttheyn finally, I’d just point to tthey recent bed additions that we mentioned. We had 212 that we added in tthey second half of 2022 and ttheyn we combine that with anottheyr 204 in tthey first half of 2023. And that’s really what’s driving us to be well positioned, I think, to hit that 4% to 6% range for tthey second half of tthey year. Unidentified Analyst Thanks. And ttheyn for tthey follow-up, can you provide us an update on redeterminations and what your guidance is assuming on tthey impact? Chris Hunter Sure. Ttheir is Chris. We’ve been working on redetermination since late last year and continued to just be a really major focus for tthey company across all of our service lines. And as of July 1, every one of our states except for Oregon is now launctheyd. So that said, I would say, only a fraction of our patients under 25% have completed redetermination due to tthey way that so many of ttheyse states continue to spread tthey disenrollment throughout all tthey way into 2024. So as we’ve previously discussed, we’re seeing good early results in our patients maintaining coverage. I would say on our RTC service line, those children are increasingly protected because 80% of Medicaid patients are awards of tthey state. On our specialty service line, those Medicaid recipients are also protected due to tthey unique county-level backstop funding that we have in place for patients in Pennsylvania wtheyre we have most of our specialty Medicaid volume. And ttheyn on tthey CTC side, I mean we just continue working very closely with our patients to ensure that ttheyy have visibility as to wtheyttheyr ttheyre could be some disruption. We’re seeing some patients moving to self-pay in a few cases. But overall, we’re really encouraged by our ability to work with ttheyse patients to use tthey hot line we put in place, tthey kiosks that we put in so many of our centers. And I think it’s done – it’s been very successful in ensuring continuity of care overall. Maybe a couple of ottheyr things I’d just point out. I mean, clearly, everyone has read about CMS’s action to pause redetermination in a handful of states. And I would point to some of tthey Kaiser Family Foundation data that came out early ttheir month that said tthey three million people that have been disenrolled for Medicaid since redetermination began in April. Of those disenrolled, 74% were due to procedural reasons rattheyr being disenrolled due to ineligibility for Medicaid. So clearly, CMS is encouraging a number of states to just slow tthey process down. We continue to see some pretty wide variation in terms of tthey way that states are handling redetermination. So you have some states that are sctheyduling members really early in tthey unwind period like Florida. Ottheyrs are taking tthey opposite approach wtheyre ttheyy’re really back-end loading tthey disenrollment a member of Michigan and Oklahoma would be examples ttheyre. You also have some states that are just doing a great job of giving us transparency into wtheyn patients are going to lose coverage. Brandon and Tennessee would be examples ttheyre. That gives us an opportunity to be proactive and to reach out to ttheyse patients in advance of potentially being removed from tthey Medicaid roles, and we’ve seen that working really well. So all in all, I’d say it’s still early. Tthey process does very significantly stay to today. We’re continuing to track it very closely on a number of levels, but we continue to believe tthey overall impact is going to be more, particularly in 2023, and our early experience just continues to align pretty well with that view. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Gary Taylor with Cowen. Please go atheyad. Gary Taylor Hi, good morning. Just a couple of questions. One, I just want to clarify. Wtheyn you talk about wage inflation, how are you defining that? Is that just average hourly rate, excluding benefits, I don’t know if over time or contract labor would be in ttheyre. But since we can’t quite reconcile that, we can only look at tthey reported figure. I just want to make sure I understand how you define that. Wtheyn you talk about 7.5% going to tthey 6.3%? Raymond Dixon You are thinking about that correctly. Ttheyy are excluded, but I would add that ttheyy’re stable across tthey board. Gary Taylor Okay. And ttheyn my second one would just be on tthey New Mexico settlements. I know you’re hopeful that will be reversed on appeal. My question, though, since it is fairly material amount. Is ttheyre – does it have any impact – it sounds like no on tthey investment you’re willing to make on de novo [indiscernible] facilities in tthey near term. But any ottheyr impact just in terms of how you’re thinking about balance ttheyyet management or even just retaining credit availability, anything material to say on how you’re thinking about that at ttheir point? Chris Hunter Yes. Thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is Chris. I would just say that we obviously are tracking ttheir very closely. And as I think you can tell from tthey execution that we’ve seen just in tthey last few weeks and announcing two JVs in an M&A deal, we continue to be extremely focused on tthey core business and continuing to advance tthey company and all tthey things that we laid out on our Investor Day. So we do not see any material change at all. And obviously, we’re not going to be talking in detail about tthey litigation and given that, that is underway, but we are super focused on tthey business as I think our results reflect. Gary Taylor Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Pito Chickering Yes. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Congrats on an excellent quarter and Raymond welcome to tthey team. A follow-up to A.J.'s question; with pricing gets continuing mid-single digits in tthey back half of tthey year, that would make sort of over two years with pricing tracking at mid- or above mid-single-digit range. As you sort of look at your contracting you have today in tthey sort of confidence back half year, is that tthey right level that we should be thinking about for 2024? Chris Hunter Yes, Pito, ttheir is Chris. Thanks for tthey question. I would say that we continue to work really closely with our managed care team and with our payer partners. And I think that tthey reimbursement levels that we've seen, that we've discussed in tthey beginning of tthey year have continued to hold true in tthey second half of tthey year. I don't think we're ready to comment on 2024 yet. But I think we are doing a really good job of theylping payers understand tthey acuity of our patients, tthey quality of care that we're providing, tthey inflationary impact on wages and we're coming very prepared to those meetings and leveraging tthey strong partnerships that we built over a multiyear period with our payers to continue to achieve really strong rates. Pito Chickering Okay. Great. And ttheyn one question on CDC; as like you look at tthey today's reimbursement model from methadone clinics, do you see a shifting in tthey near-term away from a bundled model wtheyre you're paying a monthly fee to provide those drugs and services into more of an unbundled model or managed care splits of payments between providing tthey medication as tthey drugs and anottheyr payment for providing accounting [ph] services? Chris Hunter Yes. Thanks for tthey question, Pito. And I would say we're not seeing that trend at all as of right now. We're obviously in very close contact with payers all tthey time and ttheyre isn't any movement towards unbundling that we have seen in our extensive negotiations that we're doing on a regular basis. Pito Chickering Great. Thank you so much. Operator Tthey next question is a follow-up from John Ransom with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. John Ransom Hey, I just wanted to circle back on tthey MAT. Ttheyre were some concern in tthey marketplace about some new ttheyrapeutic options with [indiscernible]. And I just wondered kind of what your take is on that, if you've seen any sort of deterioration in tthey opportunity from that modality? Thanks. Chris Hunter Yes. Well, I would say thanks, John. Methadone continues to be tthey gold standard for treatment and we continue to provide buprenorphine as well. But as we've looked at our outcomes, we just feel continuously comfortable with our approach overall. I mean I would say that our quality as well, I think is going to continue to be very important. CARF, which is tthey regulatory body that provides oversight for opioid treatment programs and ttheyy're doing 3,500 site surveys annually. Ttheyy came in and assessed Acadia at a 98-plus percent compliance across tthey board, outperforming all of tthey ottheyr OTPs. So we just continue to feel really good about our model. As we frequently say and [indiscernible], tthey leader of our business as tthey physician says, ttheir is a program, it's not a pill wtheyre ttheyre's counseling that is required. It's not just dispensing treatment. It's engaging ttheyse chronic members of ttheyse chronic patients in treatment, particularly in tthey early stages wtheyre ttheyir addiction is more pronounced and continuing to engage ttheym in that treatment as ttheyy – as ttheyir treatment evolves over a period of time. So we have not seen any trend. I think you may be referring to tthey public theyalth emergency, which clearly allowed doctors to provide buprenorphine for up to 30 patients in care and tthey data that we saw during tthey public theyalth emergency was tthey number of scripts written per month remained largely flat relative to pre-public theyalth emergency and we're just not seeing any changing trends. We're continuing to see really strong volumes and just continue to feel very good about tthey outlook of that business and tthey leadership team that we've put in place. John Ransom Thanks so much. Operator Our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Brian Tanquilut Hey, good morning guys and congrats, and welcome Raymond. I guess, Raymond, my first question, as I think about Q3, theirtorically pre-COVID ttheyre was seasonality in tthey business, largely driven by tthey RTC business, but it has gotten smaller. How should we be thinking about tthey Q3 sequential trend versus Q2? Raymond Dixon Hi. Thanks and welcome and for tthey question. I would think about it consistently with tthey sequential trends that we've seen. And I would see that we're expecting – we're expecting sort of sequential improvement for that to continue. So I think just in line with tthey expectations and what you've seen previously from a seasonality perspective. Brian Tanquilut Okay. Got it. And ttheyn Chris, as I think about some of ttheyse new efforts in dental theyalth parity; how are you thinking – if those stuff which are successful, how do you think that will flow through like operationally or coverage-wise to Acadia? Chris Hunter Yes. It's a great question and one that we're still trying to analyze. I mean, you're probably referring to tthey Biden administration's recent efforts theyre to ensure that ttheyy're going to put out ttheyse proposed rules that impact how payers demonstrate mental theyalth parity to federal regulators. And I think tthey way that will show up for payers is still a little bit to be determined. I mean clearly, tthey Mental Health Parity Act was put in place all tthey way back in 1996. So ttheir legislation has been around for decades. Tthey question has been around enforcement, which theirtorically has been pretty limited and inconsistent by both federal and state government. So we applaud tthey focus on ttheir. But in terms of what tthey downstream impact will be and ultimately how impactful it will be. I think it's just – it's a little bit early for us to tell. Tthey first public mention of tthey rule came in on July 10th and we're still waiting on some additional detail in a public comment period after that. So it's something that we're tracking overall could lead to adjustments over time, but we just don't really have much visibility to share at ttheir point. Brian Tanquilut Got it. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Chris Hunter for any closing remarks. Chris Hunter Okay. Thank you. Before we end tthey call, I just want to again thank our committed facility leaders, clinicians and approximately 23,000 dedicated employees across tthey country who have continued to work tirelessly to meet tthey needs of our patients in a safe and effective manner. We really have an outstanding platform for growth and value creation and tthey momentum in tthey business right now reinforces our confidence in tthey future and tthey work that you all do every day. Thank you all for being with us ttheir morning and for your interest in Acadia. And if you all have any questions at all, please do not theysitate to contact us directly into follow-up. Have a great day, everyone. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.