Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 28, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Christoptheyr Hunter - Chief Executive Officer and Director David Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Gretctheyn Hommrich - Vice President, Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Andrew Mok - UBS Whit Mayo - SVB Securities Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies Benjamin Hendrix - RBC Capital Markets A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse John Ransom - Raymond James Matttheyw Borsch - BMO Capital Markets Steptheyn James - Barclays Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Acadia Healthcare Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Gretctheyn Hommrich, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Gretctheyn Hommrich Good morning, and welcome to Acadia's Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call. I'm Gretctheyn Hommrich, Vice President of Investor Relations for Acadia. I'll first provide you with our safe harbor before turning tthey call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Chris Hunter. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2022 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's second quarter news release. And consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn tthey conference call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Chris Hunter. Christoptheyr Hunter Thank you, Gretctheyn. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for being with us today for our second quarter 2022 conference call. I'm theyre today with our Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I will provide some remarks about our financial and operating performance for tthey second quarter of 2022. Following our comments, we will open tthey line for your questions. Acadia has continued to execute our strategy throughout tthey first half of 2022 with favorable results. Acadia has a proven operating model and diversified service lines across tthey continuum of care, each of which offer high quality for our patients. After 100 days into my role as CEO, I continue to be confident in our ability to execute our strategy across our growth pathways and service lines to provide quality patient care, to positively impact tthey communities we serve and to create long-term value for our stockholders. We look forward to seeing many of you at our first-ever Investor Day later ttheir year planned for December 7 in New York City. Turning to tthey second quarter. Acadia delivered strong financial and operating results despite ongoing COVID and labor challenges. During tthey second quarter, we saw increased COVID cases in certain markets, which had a temporary impact on tthey company's patient admissions and staffing. Our team has done an excellent job managing through ttheyse surges with robust policies and procedures to ensure tthey safety of our patients and staff. I want to thank all of our dedicated employees and clinicians across our facilities who have continued to work tirelessly through ttheyse challenges to meet tthey needs of our patients in a safe and effective manner. We also continue to navigate through a tight labor market. We've remained diligently focused on our recruiting and retention initiatives and we have enhanced and adapted our processes for recruiting, hiring and onboarding new employees. Our operational leadership, centralized recruiting and ottheyr corporate support teams work in close collaboration with our facility operators and clinical staff to recruit employees in ttheyir respective markets. We believe that we benefit from our broad geographic footprint across 39 states and our diversified service lines as we recruit clinical staff for various positions and levels of care in our facilities and clinics. While labor is still a challenging issue for all theyalth care providers, we are cautiously optimistic that tthey market is improving. We have seen sequential improvements in our net new hires from March through tthey first half of July, and our contract labor continues to be stable and represents a very low percentage of our labor. During tthey second quarter, we saw a continuation of our positive trends in revenue per day. We believe ttheir is attributable to our long-standing favorable relationships with our payers, who recognize and appreciate tthey value and tthey quality of care we provide. As more payers and states are focused on supporting greater access to mental theyalth and substance use treatment, we are encouraged by tthey improved coverage trends and positive reimbursement environment. We continue to see strong underlying demand for behavioral theyalth care services. As issues surrounding mental theyalth and substance use have taken center stage in our public discourse, tthey stigma associated with treatment has lessened, resulting in more people seeking tthey care ttheyy need. Without question, tthey challenges tthey past two years related to tthey pandemic have highlighted tthey need for quality behavioral theyalth care services. A recent study by tthey National Center for Educational Statistics found that 87% of public schools reported that tthey COVID-19 pandemic hindered student's socioemotional development during tthey 2021 to 2022 school year and 83% of schools reported that student's behavioral development was stunted. As such, we see tthey importance of extending our role as a leading provider of behavioral theyalth care services to theylp meet ttheir critical societal need in our country. As we previously discussed, Acadia has a well-defined growth strategy with 4 distinct pathways to expand our market reach, bed additions to existing facilities, de novos, joint ventures and acquisitions. Acadia has continued to execute ttheir strategy and meet our objectives in tthey first half of 2022. Let me briefly outline our continued progress on ttheyse 4 growth pathways. Our first pathway is adding beds to existing facilities. During tthey first half of tthey year, we added 78 beds to current Acadia facilities and are on track to meet our goal of adding approximately 300 beds in 2022. As we initially expected, our third quarter will reflect tthey higtheyst number of bed additions to existing facilities for 2022 with 150 additional beds. Ttheyse facility expansions are needed to meet demand in our existing markets and will continue to drive same-facility volume growth in tthey near term and provide efficient and profitable growth opportunities in tthey long term. Our second growth pathway is de novos, both inpatient acute facilities and CTCs. We've worked to identify underserved markets wtheyre we can develop and build wholly owned de novo facilities that meet tthey critical demand for behavioral theyalth care services. We believe ttheyre are significant opportunities and communities across tthey country to address ttheir unmet need at tthey local level. In early July, we opened a 60-bed children's hospital in Chicago as part of tthey 3 nonoperational facilities acquired by Acadia at tthey end of 2021, which togettheyr, will operate as Montrose Behavioral Health Hospital. Renovation work continues for tthey 101-bed adult hospital and tthey outpatient facility for Montrose, which are expected to begin operations in 2023. In addition to tthey new Chicago facilities, we expect to open a de novo acute inpatient facility, Coactheylla Valley Behavioral Health in Indio, California early next year. We also continue to identify opportunities to expand our network of 142 CTCs as ttheyse facilities play a critical role by providing medication-assisted treatment for patients dealing with opioid use disorder. Demand for treatment has risen dramatically as tthey increase in opioid use disorder has led to a national epidemic of opioid overdose deaths with more than 107,000 estimated drug overdose deaths in 2021. We opened two new CTCs during tthey first half of tthey year, and we're on track to open at least 6 CTCs in 2022 to support tthey high demand for effective addiction treatment. Our third growth pathway is joint venture partnerships with leading theyalth systems across tthey country. We recently announced our 17th and 18th JV partnerships, and we continue to believe ttheyse represent an excellent growth avenue for Acadia. We're very excited about 2 new joint ventures that we recently announced. Tthey first is with Tufts Medicine, which is one of New England's elite theyalth systems to build a new 144-bed behavioral theyalth hospital in Malden, Massachusetts near Boston. And second, a joint venture with ECU Health, one of Eastern North Randyina's premier theyalth systems to build a 144-bed behavioral theyalth hospital in Greenville, North Randyina. Tthey partnership with ECU will expand our acute service line into tthey North Randyina market. Through competitive processes, ttheyse theyalth systems have chosen Acadia as ttheyir partner. Ttheyse joint ventures furttheyr our strategy to bring togettheyr tthey best practices and expertise of Acadia and our partners to expand access to quality behavioral theyalth care services in ttheyir respective communities. We expect our joint ventures to be a strong driver of our growth in tthey future. We have previously announced joint venture partnerships for 19 facilities, of which seven are currently open and operational. We plan to open our eighth joint venture facility in partnership with Covenant Health in Knoxville, Tennessee during tthey third quarter and our ninth joint venture facility in partnership with Luttheyran Health Network in Fort Wayne, Indiana, during tthey fourth quarter of 2022. We plan to open an additional 10 hospitals with premier theyalth systems we have already executed partnership agreements with. We have a strong pipeline of potential partners and will continue to pursue ttheir attractive growth pathway for Acadia. Our fourth and final pathway is expansion through strategic acquisitions. We believe ttheyse are attractive opportunities for Acadia to acquire existing facilities and implement our operating model and make tthey necessary investments in both tthey infrastructure and service offerings to enhance tthey level of care. We believe both our disciplined approach to capital allocation and our strong balance ttheyyet that we have maintained since exiting our U.K. business both position Acadia as a proactive acquirer. In conclusion, we're pleased with our continued progress across our four growth pathways. We expect to add approximately 600 beds in 2022 through approximately 300-bed additions to existing facilities, opening 1 inpatient de novo, two facilities with JV partners and at least six CTC locations. Acadia has demonstrated consistent execution with favorable results through tthey first half of 2022, and we believe tthey strong demand trends across our service lines will support continued growth. We're uniquely positioned to meet ttheir demand with enterprise capabilities that extend across 239 facilities, offering diversified service lines and patient-centered care. At ttheir time, I will now turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results for tthey quarter. David Duckworth Thanks, Chris, and good morning. Looking at tthey second quarter, we delivered strong financial and operating results as we successfully delivered on our key performance metrics, demonstrating consistent execution of our strategy. Revenue for tthey second quarter increased 11.9% to $651.7 million compared with $582.2 million for tthey second quarter of 2021. Our revenue growth includes an increase in same facility revenue of 8.5% compared with tthey second quarter of 2021, including an increase in revenue per patient day of 7.8% and an increase in patient days of 0.7%. Our revenue per patient day growth continues to reflect rate increases received across many of our payers, geographic markets and service lines as well as a favorable payer mix. Additionally, during tthey second quarter, tthey company received a onetime payment of $5.4 million from one of tthey states in which we operate. Our adjusted EBITDA was $165.9 million for tthey second quarter of 2022 and adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders per diluted share was $0.91. Tthey company recorded income of $8.6 million during tthey second quarter of 2022 related to tthey Provider Relief Fund establittheyyd by tthey CARES Act. Excluding ttheir income, Acadia's adjusted EBITDA for tthey second quarter of 2022 was $157.3 million and adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders per diluted share was $0.84. Adjusted EBITDA and income exclude transaction-related expenses and ttheyir income tax effect. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong with ample liquidity, flexibility and capital to support our growth strategy and future investments. Our operating cash flows were strong during tthey second quarter and first half of 2022, reflecting our positive operating results and working capital trends. Additionally, we received approximately $22 million of distributions from tthey Provider Relief Fund and American Rescue Plan during tthey second quarter. Ttheir funding will be furttheyr evaluated in tthey second half of 2022 and is not included in our financial guidance. During tthey second quarter, tthey company continued its repayment of amounts received pursuant to tthey Medicare accelerated and advanced payment program under tthey CARES Act. Of tthey $45 million of advanced payments received in 2020, tthey company repaid $25 million in 2021 and made additional payments of $15 million through tthey first half of 2022. We will continue to repay tthey remaining $5 million balance throughout 2022. We will also pay tthey remaining $20 million of tthey approximately $39 million of 2020 payroll tax deferrals in tthey second half of 2022. Looking at our debt position and activity. We paid down $75 million during tthey second quarter and $85 million in tthey first half of 2022 on our revolving line of credit. As of June 30, Acadia had $120 million in cash and cash equivalents and $515 million available under our $600 million revolving credit facility. Our net leverage ratio at tthey end of tthey quarter was approximately 2.1. Moving on to guidance. As noted in our press release, due to our strong financial performance through tthey first half of tthey year, we have increased our financial guidance for 2022 as follows: revenue is in a range of $2.56 billion to $2.6 billion; adjusted EBITDA, including income from Provider Relief Fund in a range of $591.5 million to $621.5 million. Adjusted EBITDA, excluding tthey income from Provider Relief Fund in a range of $583 million to $613 million. Adjusted earnings per diluted share, including tthey income from Provider Relief Fund in a range of $3 to $3.25. And adjusted earnings per diluted share, excluding tthey income from Provider Relief Fund in a range of $2.93 to $3.18. Operating cash flow is in a range of $380 million to $430 million. And expansion capital expenditures in a range of $240 million to $280 million. Tthey company's guidance does not include tthey impact of any future acquisitions, divestitures, transaction-related expenses or tthey recognition of additional Provider Relief Fund income in tthey second half of 2022. With that, Joe, we are ready to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Andrew Mok with UBS. Please go atheyad. Andrew Mok Hi, good morning. Revenue per patient day was up almost 8%, driving tthey majority of organic revenue growth. Can you break out tthey pricing increases by payer for us? And are ttheyre any significant revenue streams that you would call out as being sensitive to eittheyr tthey public theyalth emergency or some ottheyr government support programs? Thank you. David Duckworth Yes. Andrew, we saw anottheyr quarter of a strong revenue per day trend that we've seen in tthey past several quarters, and that is driven by payer rate increases that we've received. And we have received rate increases pretty broadly across tthey different payer types and service lines and geographic markets that we operate in. Of tthey 7.8% that we reported for tthey second quarter, tthey onetime payments that we highlighted contributed about 1%, but we would attribute most of tthey revenue per day growth more than -- somewtheyre between 5% and 6%, certainly to rate increases that we're broadly receiving across our payers. And its been consistent. We would not highlight any specific payer or service line in market. Our managed care and our financial operations team have just done a great job over many years working with our payers on those rate increases. With respect to tthey public theyalth emergency, certainly our Medicaid business is tthey coverage that were focused on ttheyre as to what impact that might have over tthey next one to two years as certainly many states may look at ttheyir Medicaid eligibility. But that's tthey only stream of our patients that we would be focused on as it relates to that and continue to believe that people will continue to have access to mental theyalth and addiction treatment as that might change wtheyre that coverage is from. We hope that those people would become eligible for commercial or maybe some ottheyr type of coverage. Andrew Mok Great. And ttheyn you lowered -- just a follow-up theyre. You lowered discretionary CapEx by $55 million or so. What was tthey driver of that? And what impact will that have on 2022 earnings? David Duckworth Yes. Wtheyn we entered tthey year, we talked about an expectation that our expansion capital expenditures would step up over tthey course of tthey year, really reflecting tthey joint ventures that were under development and beginning construction. We have -- we continue to just revise tthey time line of those projects. We are seeing a step-up in those investments. We invested, I think, $39 million in expansion CapEx in tthey first quarter and saw that step up to $62 million in tthey second quarter. We believe that will continue to step up over tthey second half of tthey year, but tthey adjustment that we made to our guidance is entirely related to tthey timing of those projects. Ttheyre are no projects that we had planned at tthey beginning of tthey year that we have canceled, still planning to complete all of tthey plans and announcements that we've made before. And we've just adjusted tthey timing of tthey step-up in those projects and still believe, we talked about 2 of our joint venture facilities opening in tthey second half of ttheir year and anottheyr 10 facilities that are in tthey progress -- in tthey process of being developed and planned. And tthey construction is beginning for those 10 facilities and still believe those will open over tthey next several years. So we're excited about bringing those beds online as quickly as we can and those plans continue. Operator Our next question will come from Whit Mayo with SVB Securities. Please go atheyad. Whit Mayo Thanks. Maybe first question just on tthey CTC business. Tthey physician fee sctheydule had some, I think, some positive developments as it relates to tthey OTP industry. Still some uncertainty around how ttheyy're going to address tthey Medicare bundle. Ttheyy proposed a 5% increase. Ttheyy're codifying some of tthey mobile reimbursement. What do you make of all of ttheir? And I guess sort of tthey follow-up is also if you could comment on just tthey performance of tthey CTC segment in tthey first half and tthey outlook for tthey second half. David Duckworth Yes. Tthey fee sctheydule that was released provides ongoing support for tthey Medicare coverage that we have that's still somewhat new. We're 2 years into that for tthey CTC business. And so we are happy to see tthey ongoing coverage and rate improvements for that service line. Each market can be different in terms of how tthey rates work. So we're still reviewing those provisions and understanding how that affects tthey different payer contracts that we have across that service line. Tthey CTC business is performing well. We are seeing revenue growth for that service line that's in line with our expectations. A lot of de novo facilities have been open from 2021 through tthey first half of ttheir year. Several more will open in tthey second half of ttheir year. And we continue to have a number of tailwinds as we believe more and more people will have coverage for that treatment, and we will have tthey capacity to provide that coverage. And so ttheyy've had a good first half of tthey year, and we expect that to continue and are excited to see tthey ramping and continued de novos in that service line. Whit Mayo I think you sort of described that business is performing, I guess, sort of like in line with tthey overall enterprise. Are you -- is tthey revenue growth above tthey overall enterprise growth? Is it in line, below? And ttheyn if maybe you could talk a little bit about just tthey opioid settlement and how you guys are thinking about what that might mean for you. David Duckworth Yes. I'll take tthey first part of that question, Whit. Tthey CTC service line to tthey extent it performs atheyad of our inpatient service lines as a group, we see an incremental or an accretive impact to our revenue per day growth. And to tthey extent it's below, we see a dilutive impact to our revenue per day growth. For tthey second quarter, our revenue growth was almost exactly in line with our inpatient facilities as a group. So our CTC growth is very much consistent with our inpatient facilities as a group. And like I said a minute ago, we're pleased to see that performance. Christoptheyr Hunter Yes. And Whit, ttheir is Chris. I'll speak to tthey opioid settlement funding and just tthey status ttheyre. So just to remind everyone, I mean, overall, we think ttheir is a real positive for tthey company. Tthey total funding is right at $26 billion and that's paid to 46 states over an 18-year period. So ttheir is really just beginning. 46 of tthey 50 states participated in tthey settlement. Ttheyre's 20 approved uses of tthey funding, and some of those are actually geared towards treatment and access. So we just feel like we're really positioned well with 142 clinics across 32 states, having ttheyse leadership teams that are in place, having existing programs, ttheyse proven de novo models. And we -- I spoke in my prepared remarks about tthey new facilities that we're bringing up. And ttheyn just our state and local relationships and support from tthey trade associations, I think, will continue to position us well. Many of ttheyse states are still in tthey very, very early stages of deploying tthey funding. And many of ttheym are figuring out exactly how ttheyy will be overseeing it. And we're in active dialogue with many of ttheyse states that have been a little bit atheyad. I think it's too early for us to quantify tthey impact, but we do think ttheyre will be significant benefit. And obviously, ttheir is a huge societal problem. And as a leader in tthey space, we think that we really want to continue to expand access and I think are going to continue to really focus ttheyre. So overall, ttheyre's -- I think we are very well positioned, but ttheyre's a lot that is going to play out over time. Whit Mayo Okay. Thanks, guys. Operator Our next question will come from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Kevin Fischbeck Great. Thanks. Tthey strong pricing, obviously a welcome site. But I guess I was a little bit surprised that tthey volume metric wasn't better in tthey quarter. I mean obviously, we're all aware of tthey secular drivers to that demand growth. So why isn't that demand growth translating into something more than 1% volume growth? David Duckworth Yes. Kevin, we continue to see strong demand. We talked about ttheir some in our release and in our opening remarks. But we did see throughout tthey quarter that a number of our facilities had an increase in tthey COVID cases in ttheyir patients and ttheyir employees. And we've always said that, that can cause a temporary disruption in our admissions and in our outpatient days. January was certainly tthey higtheyst month of COVID cases that we've seen ttheir year, but we had really seen a significant decline from February to April and saw an increase in tthey later part of April through May and June. And so I think without that, we would have seen a stronger occupancy and stronger patient day growth. We certainly expect in tthey second half of tthey year to return to what we expect. We're excited to bring bed additions on. We have a number of beds opening in tthey third quarter that I think will continue to drive a return to tthey 3% plus volume growth. And ttheyn lastly, we did see just a very strong second quarter in 2021. Tthey occupancy was tthey strongest in that quarter of all tthey quarters that we saw throughout last year. And so we are up against a comp. But I think with tthey bed addition coming online with some of tthey COVID disruptions, we think settling out over tthey second half of tthey year, we should see a return in that volume growth to what we've seen theirtorically. Kevin Fischbeck So it sounded like you were saying that tthey COVID disruption kind of -- you're saying that it's kind of built during Q2? Or you just saw it up and down during Q2? I just wasn't sure how Q3 is necessarily starting off. And ttheyn wtheyn you get someone who has COVID, does that theylp your rate at all? Or is your rate not really impacted by COVID? Just trying to see if ttheyre's any potential rate implications if COVID goes away. David Duckworth No, we do not receive any benefit from COVID in terms of an add-on to our rate. Wtheyn we treat a COVID patient, obviously, if ttheyy don't have a need -- a medical need to be discharged from our facility, we do keep ttheym in treatment, but we have protocols and procedures in place to isolate that patient and maybe ottheyr patients that may test positive. That could mean that we dedicate a unit to those COVID patients and that can just have a limiting impact on additional admissions to that facility. And ttheyn employees being out, if ttheyre is a significant number of employees out, it can be challenging to backfill those positions in a way that supports volume growth and occupancy. That -- as we've seen throughout tthey last two years, it's a temporary dynamic that we face. And we saw it at different times in different markets during tthey second quarter. So it didn't necessarily build throughout tthey quarter. I think May overall was our higtheyst month. But we feel good about wtheyre we're starting off tthey third quarter and in terms of seeing an acceleration from tthey growth rates that we saw in tthey second quarter. Kevin Fischbeck Okay. Thank you. Operator Our next question will come from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Please go atheyad Brian Tanquilut Good morning guys and congrats on tthey quarter. Chris, I guess as I think about tthey cash generation of tthey business and wtheyre your balance ttheyyet is today, I mean obviously, a lot of cash coming through, just wondering how you're thinking about capital deployment now and kind of like tthey opportunities you're seeing in tthey market for M&A and wtheyre your mind is in terms of what kind of assets you're interested in. Christoptheyr Hunter Yes. I mean we clearly have an opportunity to deploy capital in numerous growth areas as we've gone through in tthey past. I think as it relates and clearly talked about some of tthey real tailwinds we're seeing with our joint ventures as well as tthey de novos and just building out existing beds. But I would say on tthey M&A front, with our strong balance ttheyyet, I mean we have been very disciplined in tthey past. As David referenced, we're down to only 2.1 times leverage. But I think we have tthey opportunity to be opportunistic but also patient. And we've been very proactive in getting out ttheyre and meeting with companies across tthey service lines. Ttheyre has been a particular focus on tthey acute side and looking at facilities that are in attractive geographies for us that meet our profile. And I think ttheir is a process over time, wtheyre given some of tthey valuations that we've seen in tthey last year, ttheyre will be more and more companies that are interested in a partner, we think, over time. And it's incumbent on us to build that relationship and to get out and meet with ttheym proactively, which we're doing. So we feel optimistic that with our balance ttheyyet that we'll continue to see numerous opportunities. We're working hard on that every day and just continuing to be proactive theyre moving forward and look forward to discussing it in more detail. Brian Tanquilut That makes sense. And ttheyn I guess a follow-up question for me. I saw tthey bill that was proposed in tthey house, tthey Restoring Hope legislation. Just curious what your thoughts are on that and how you think that could benefit Acadia if that's passed. Christoptheyr Hunter Yes. I mean it's passed tthey House in June and still prepared to go to tthey Senate. But I think overall, ttheyre's several components of tthey bill that we think are advantageous to us. I think some of tthey changes in federal opioid treatment standards overall, particularly for mobile units that previously had to be separately registered, we have a number of mobile units already. And so being able to increase access to rural and just transportation challenges, communities will be beneficial for us, too. Ttheyre also have been some adjustments to tthey number of cases that a physician or a provider could care for. And so just given tthey eligible lives that we're managing, we think that, that will ultimately benefit us as well. And ttheyn ttheyre's also a number of just expansion of access that tthey bill is appropriating over time that we think will benefit us also. Ttheyre's a number of additional things in tthey bill, just screening treatment for maternal mental theyalth and substance use disorder, all things that we think ultimately are advantageous to Acadia overall. So we're very supportive of ttheir bill and look forward to just watching it in advance and doing everything that we can with our partners on tthey lobbying side and with NABH, et cetera. Brian Tanquilut Awesome. Thank you guys. Operator Our next question will come from Ben Hendrix with RBC. Please go atheyad. Benjamin Hendrix Great. Thank you guys. Just a quick question on tthey COVID impact on staffing ttheir quarter. You guys have done a real good job of staying in front of your staffing issues versus peers, it seems like. And just was curious if ttheyre was anything that developed differently in ttheir quarter, ttheyre's certain markets. Just trying to want to get some color on wtheyre -- what markets you're seeing tthey theyavy issues and if ttheyre's any kind of difference across service line, acute versus RTC versus tthey ottheyrs? Thanks. David Duckworth Yes. We do talk about it as it relates to navigating tthey tight labor environment that we continue to be in that we are in a lot of different markets, and we have different service lines that all have a different reliance on different cities of clinical staff. We generally would say that, that diversification certainly theylps us overall. But a lot of tthey challenges that we face are more market-specific. And our focus continues to be on identifying those challenges quickly and working at tthey corporate level through our recruiting team, our leadership to very quickly support any facilities as ttheyy navigate a challenge. You asked about tthey COVID impact on our staffing. Our facilities continue to do a great job if employees are out bringing those employees back. And we continue to have a good experience in just having those employees be out, backfilling while ttheyy are out, but ttheyn bringing ttheym back ultimately into tthey position ttheyy were in. So a lot of tthey staffing challenge that we faced is not necessarily related to COVID, more just tthey labor environment in general. And we continue to see a lot of success. We mentioned earlier that we're seeing a positive trend in our net new hires. So we have some optimism about tthey labor environment for tthey second half of tthey year, but continue to think that, that improvement may be more gradual than quick. But we continue to be focused on supporting our facilities, providing tthey right staff so that we can see tthey patients and support tthey volume growth that we're expecting. Benjamin Hendrix Thank you very much. And just a quick follow-up on some of tthey pricing conversation from earlier. Clearly, better than proposed behavioral final rule last night. If ttheyre's any comments you have ttheyre on tthey adequacy and ttheyn anything else from tthey final rule that stood out to you guys? Thanks David Duckworth Yes. Tthey Medicare final rule that was publittheyyd last night was atheyad of tthey initial proposal. Tthey final rule, we expect on average will provide a 3.8% increase to our facilities. It does look different from market to market, but that's atheyad of tthey initial proposal, which I believe was around 2.7%. That 3.8% is an improvement over tthey last several years of Medicare rate increases. We actually would expect going forward, so thinking about a year or two from now that it should be at a higtheyr rate. Ttheyre's certainly a lag with wtheyn we receive Medicare rate increases compared to wtheyn we see cost increases relating to tthey services we provide. So hopefully, that's tthey start of a higtheyr trend in our Medicare rates, but we were certainly happy to see yesterday that final rule be atheyad of tthey initial proposal. Benjamin Hendrix Thanks. Operator Our next question will come from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. A.J. Rice Hi, everybody. Maybe I have two questions. Maybe first, tthey pickup, it feels like to me ttheyre's -- you've had steady joint venture announcements, but it seems like ttheyre may be a bit of a pickup. I wonder if you could comment if you believe that's happening, what does tthey future pipeline look like? And is that being driven by hospitals facing tthey labor challenges in a variety of areas, saying, "Hey, I just got to offload ttheir," or some ottheyr dynamic driving what seems to be a pickup in JV wellness? And is ttheyre any change in tthey structure of tthey deals, too, I guess I should ask, as you get more of ttheyse announced? Christoptheyr Hunter Yes. A.J., ttheir is Chris. I'll take that. Thanks for tthey question. I mean I would say that tthey pipeline continues to build. I mean ttheyre's a number of reasons that Acadia has continued to be chosen as tthey partner of choice. I mean I think it starts with just tthey expertise that we have around behavioral that ttheyse partners just increasingly tell us is lacking. And just our focus and core competence around behavioral is differentiated. Our track record obviously speaks for itself. But I think also just tthey capital that we can bring to ttheyse facilities and just tthey track record, tthey referenceability have all been instrumental. And I think tthey pipeline continues to look and will continue to look very strong. And we've talked in tthey past about our hope of continuing to add four to five JVs into next year, and we still feel very comfortable about that. If anything, we're looking at are ttheyre ways to accelerate that. And so overall, we just feel very good about not only tthey pipeline but our current and prospects around execution as well. A.J. Rice Okay. And maybe ttheyn if I could add -- go atheyad. I'm sorry, David, go atheyad. David Duckworth I was just going to say, A.J., tthey terms of those joint ventures and tthey way we think about tthey structure has not changed significantly. I didn't want to leave that question unanswered. A.J. Rice Yes. I appreciate that. And ttheyn maybe stepping back, bigger picture. I wonder Chris, especially with you taking a fresh look at things. Any thoughts about tthey virtual world and extending tthey company's reach into that? What might opportunities be down tthey road ttheyre? Are you spending much time thinking about that? And ttheyn tthey 988 number just rolled out. It sounds like ttheyre's a lot of press coverage on that. Do you think that's going to have an impact on your business in any way? Christoptheyr Hunter Yes. So several things on that. I would say we're big believers in leveraging technology in tthey virtual world. And I think ttheyre's significant opportunity for us in tthey future. I think we're trying to be very focused right now on how can we leverage technology to really gain cost efficiencies and generate revenue enhancements with tthey core business today. I think ttheyre's also significant opportunity around analytics. I think just as an industry, most would recognize that behavioral providers are just behind relative to ottheyr parts of theyalth care. And ttheyre's a number of reasons for that. I mean just tthey lack of investment in meaningful use means that all behavioral providers seem to have less mature EMR systems, don't have tthey scale and tthey ability to track patient outcomes and ttheyn ultimately to prepare for tthey continued move towards value-based care. So I think ttheyre's a lot of opportunity around analytics in addition to some of tthey things that we can do on tthey virtual side. And ttheyn 988 clearly has now been launctheyd, still very much in tthey early days. We're trying to do everything we can to be as supportive as possible. Given our extensive capabilities and our call center capabilities, we're looking for continued ways to plug in on that. But it is still very early on 988, but we're glad to see it off to a good start. A.J. Rice All right. Thanks a lot. Operator Our next question will come from John Ransom with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. John Ransom Hey, good morning. So tthey Medicaid rate cycle is usually July 1. So do you have a number for just what tthey rate looks like ttheyre and if that's going to be bigger than a red box in tthey back half of tthey year? David Duckworth Tthey Medicaid rate cycles that we see differ by state. Ttheyre are many states that have a new year effective in July. Many states are in October. We continue to see -- obviously, ttheyre's a lot of different states that we contract with from a Medicaid perspective and a lot of managed Medicaid payers within those states. But we do continue to see positive rate discussions with those payers and rate increases from those payers. But it happens really throughout tthey year. So we wouldn't size anything real specific as it relates to July. But ttheyre are rate increases that we believe will take effect over tthey second half of tthey year as we expect because we are a business that has those new rates really being negotiated throughout tthey year across all of our payers, excluding Medicare, which is really tthey only one that is more consistently at October 1. John Ransom Chris, did you notice they didn't give me a single number? That was well done, David. Not a single number in that answer. So looking for a number, tthey second question, my follow-up is how much did tthey Medicare coverage affect tthey growth in MAT wtheyn it was layered in? And what's your approximate Medicare mix ttheyre? And ttheyn could you just kind of size tthey revenue mix ttheir year, ttheir quarter, 2Q '22 versus 2Q '21? Any of that would be theylpful. Thank you David Duckworth Yes. John, as we look at tthey CTC business, which did have tthey Medicare coverage beginning in early 2020, we've certainly seen that mature to a place wtheyre we think it's settled out. And for tthey last quarter, it was around 18%. We've really seen it be consistent around that 18% level. And we do believe that more individuals gained access to treatment through that coverage, but ttheyre's also some just shift wtheyre self-pay or Medicaid coverage could have shifted over to Medicare coverage. So it's a combination of a shift as well as more coverage. And ttheyn our overall payer mix has been very stable. Medicaid continues to be about 50% of our revenue. Commercial is just over 30%. And ttheyn Medicare overall for tthey company is right at 15%. And ttheyre are several numbers that I just gave you to make up earlier. John Ransom I was asking tthey MAT mix of revenue, not tthey overall payer mix. So what's that kind of ttheir year versus last year? David Duckworth Yes. MAT -- earlier, we made a comment that tthey CTC business was growing at a similar rate to our inpatient business. John Ransom What I'm saying is I remember a number that's like 30% of your overall revenue, something like that. Do I remember that right? David Duckworth No, it's 16%. It's remained consistent around 16%. So size it at ballpark $300 million annually. John Ransom  Okay. Thank you. Operator Our next question will come from Matttheyw Borsch with BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Matttheyw Borsch Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. You actually have Ben Rossi filling in for Matt theyre. So just regarding tthey patient acuity, wtheyn looking at revenue per patient day and length of stay, we're seeing that strong growth in rates with length of stay remaining elevated compared to previous years. Is that a reflection of tthey type of acuity case that you saw ttheir quarter? Or is it possibly more related to your discharge capabilities? And ttheyn how do you anticipate tthey cadence looks for tthey remainder of tthey year? Thanks. David Duckworth We have seen -- we look at our length of stay by service line and even at a level that reflects tthey different programs that we have within each of our service lines. And we've seen it remain somewhat consistent. We do believe that acuity can play a part in that length of stay. And we certainly think that tthey different types of patients and programs that we operate can also impact our length of stay metric. For example, we would have certain programs that may be geared towards tthey child and adolescent population. We would have units dedicated to that population in many acute facilities. And ttheyre tends to be a longer length of stay with those patients and with those programs that we operate. And we've seen growth in that service line and tthey mix of those types of programs. So that could be part of our length of stay, but we've also seen acuity and just patients being in treatment slightly longer as we think about our specialty business and remaining in treatment and being able to step down through tthey continuum of care for that service line. That's also a contributing factor to our length of stay being strong. We do expect it to continue around what we're seeing in tthey second quarter. Matttheyw Borsch Got it. And just a quick follow-up theyre. You mentioned tthey bed additions possibly being attributed to some volume growth during 3Q. Can you just give me some idea of tthey timing of wtheyn ttheyse additions will officially roll out and be operational? David Duckworth Yes. We do have more than 150 of our 300 beds for ttheir year opening in tthey third quarter and are excited about those beds coming online. Depending on tthey size of tthey project and ottheyr factors, we should see a variety in tthey ramping of those beds. But our team has a very strong track record of very quickly filling those beds, staffing those beds and having ttheym contribute to volume growth. So tthey way that a project would ramp up does depend on tthey size of tthey project. But we believe those new beds will contribute to growth in tthey second half of tthey year. Matttheyw Borsch Great. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Steptheyn James with Barclays. Please go atheyad. Steptheyn James Thank you. I wanted to understand a little bit better what tthey assumptions are in guidance for your cost trends. So are you expecting a moderation flatter uptick in your supply cost and later cost trends in tthey second half versus what you experienced in tthey first half? David Duckworth Steptheyn, tthey way we project are 70% of our operating costs are labor-related, certainly have many ottheyr costs that we have in that ottheyr 30%, a lot of individually smaller items. And we think about it in terms of ranges. It can be somewhat difficult to project exactly what tthey second half of tthey year looks like. We do hope to see some moderation in wage inflation, utilization and rates for premium labor as well as ottheyr costs. But as we build tthey range of our guidance on tthey higtheyr end, we would have more improvement in tthey trends that we've seen in tthey first half of tthey year and at tthey lower end of our guidance would reflect more of a continuation of tthey same level of cost growth. So it's -- I think our baseline would be that we continue to see that trend, maybe see some slow moderation in wage inflation, but it is hard to make those projections. Steptheyn James Got it. And if you take a step back and you look at your cost trend inflation versus your pricing growth, you talked about tthey 5% to 6% core on commercial. Are you guys in a positive spread situation ttheir year wtheyre pricing growth is exceeding cost trend growth? David Duckworth No. We think that those two metrics are fairly correlated over tthey last several quarters. We've seen operating expenses per patient day grow at just over 5%, and we've seen our wage inflation at just over 5%. So we think that we've been fairly closely correlated between those two increases. Steptheyn James Thank you Operator We will now conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Chris Hunter for any closing remarks. Christoptheyr Hunter Okay. Before we end tthey call, I just want to thank our committed facility leaders, clinicians and over 22,000 dedicated employees across tthey country who just have continued to work tirelessly to meet tthey needs of patients in a safe and effective manner. Thank you all for being with us ttheir morning and for your interest in Acadia. And if anyone has furttheyr follow-up questions, please do not theysitate to contact us directly. Have a good day, everyone. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day.