Acadia Healthcare Company Inc (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q3 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call October 25, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Brent Turner - President Joey Jacobs - Chairman of tthey Board, Chief Executive Officer David Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets Ralph Jacobi - Citi Whit Mayo - Robert W. Baird Ryan Daniels - William Blair Billy Hynes - Mizuho Securities John Ransom - Raymond James Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Chris Rigg - Deutscthey Bank Dana Hambly - Steptheyns Charles Haff - Craig-Hallum Matt Borsch - BMO Capital Markets Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners Operator Please stand by. We are about to begin. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. Please go atheyad. Brent Turner Good morning. I am Brent Turner, President of Acadia Healthcare and I would like to welcome you to our third quarter 2017 conference call. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2017 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's third quarter news release and consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I would now like to turn tthey conference over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Joey Jacobs. Joey Jacobs Good morning and thank you for being us today for our third quarter conference call. In addition to Brent, I am theyre today with our Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I, each have some remarks about tthey third quarter and our outlook for Acadia. Ttheyn, we will open tthey line for your questions. Despite facing challenges in tthey third quarter, we expanded revenue by 4.8% for tthey quarter on a pro forma basis and grew pro forma diluted EPS by 18.4%. However we underperformed our expectations for tthey third quarter. Let me begin with a discussion of tthey results for our U.K. operations, which produced same facility revenue growth of 3.8% for tthey quarter and 2.4% total revenue growth. In addition, same facility EBITDA margin declined 120 basis points to 21.4% and total EBITDA margin fell 170 basis points to 19.3%. Tthey results in tthey U.K. were significantly below our expectations. We faced two unexpected issues in tthey U.K. that are primarily accountable for a $0.09 unfavorable impact on EPS. Tthey first is that tthey normal seasonality affecting census in tthey U.K. did not occur as expected for tthey third quarter. Tthey typical seasonal rebound in business in September was much weaker than theirtorical experience led us to expect. Occupancy for tthey third quarter was just below 87% compared to our expectation of additional growth and occupancy of 89% to 90%. As a result, we believe tthey lower occupancy had a $0.04 impact to earnings per share. Additionally census in tthey U.K. still has not recovered thus far in October and ttheir is reflected in our updated guidance. We continue to analyze and closely monitor tthey issue. We see no reason to believe ttheir is anything ottheyr than a short-term issue, but we have little visibility into tthey timing for a rebound to normal census level which factors into our decision to reduce our 2017 financial guidance. Because we are confident in tthey long-term demand trends, we are continuing our new bed expansion as sctheyduled, with 42 expected beds in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey second issue is one we have discussed on ttheyse call before although it had more of an impact on our financial results ttheir quarter compared to previous quarters. Due to tthey tightening labor market in tthey U.K. for nurses and ottheyr clinical staff, we saw a higtheyr labor expense than expected, which unfavorably impacted EPS by $0.05. We believe that uncertainty around Brexit is deterring theyalthcare workers from coming into tthey U.K., ttheyrefore we are having to rely more on agency labor to fill our open positions. We expect our cost arise in August as our employees take vacations but it was compounded as we had to fill vacant positions with agency labor. Labor cost continued to increase in September and we believe ttheir trend will continue for tthey remainder of tthey year. Now let's turn to our operations in tthey U.S. Our same facility revenue growth for tthey quarter was 6.3%, which falls within our expected same facility range for tthey year. However ttheir growth rate was lower than our expectation. We experienced some softness in tthey quarter and tthey census did not rebound in August and September as expected. We were also affected by hurricanes Irma and Gregory's arrival in September, which significantly affected our operations in Florida, Georgia and Puerto Rico. Of course, wtheyn dealing with ttheyse natural disasters, our primary focus is always protecting tthey safety of our patient and employees. We appreciate all of our doctors, nurses and staff who worked tirelessly to protect ttheyir patients and to provide quality care during ttheir difficult time. Nonettheyless from a financial perspective, we estimate $0.02 impact on diluted earnings per share for tthey third quarter and a 60 basis points impact on U.S. same facility revenue. We feel fortunate tthey impact of tthey storms on our operations wasn't greater. However, as you have seen in tthey news, tthey infrastructure in Puerto Rico is still in tthey process of rebuilding and our facility continues to run on a generator for power. During tthey third quarter, we added 179 new beds to existing facilities and we are on track to add approximately 800 new beds to existing and de novo facilities in 2017. Our pipeline of potential joint ventures is robust and our experience continues to indicate that given our scale, operation expertise and independence, we are an attractive behavioral joint venture partner for acute care hospital. To conclude my remarks, we are highly focused on addressing tthey issues that surface in tthey third quarter in tthey U.K. and tthey U.S. and on completing tthey recovery of our facilities damaged by tthey hurricane. While tthey impact of ttheyse issues is meaningful to our third quarter results and our anticipated fourth quarter results, we do not believe that it meaningfully changed our long-term growth trajectory or opportunity. To tthey contrary, we remain optimistic about our ongoing prospects for long-term profitable growth. Thanks for your time ttheir morning and your interest in Acadia. Now, theyre is David Duckworth to take you through tthey financials. David Duckworth Thanks Joey and good morning. On a pro forma basis, adjusting for tthey impact of tthey U.K. divestiture, ottheyr discontinued operations and tthey decrease in exchange rate, tthey company's third quarter revenue increased 4.8% from revenue of $684.2 million for tthey third quarter of 2016. Adjusted earnings per diluted share was $0.58 for tthey third quarter of 2017, which includes tthey negative impact from tthey hurricanes of $0.02. As detailed in tthey press release, adjusted EPS increased 18.4% for tthey third quarter of 2017 from pro forma adjusted EPS of $0.49 for tthey third quarter of 2016. Acadia's third quarter same facility revenue increased 5.5% from tthey third quarter of 2016 with a 3.5% increase in patient days and a 1.9% increase in revenue per patient day. Same facility revenue for our U.S. facility increased 6.3% from tthey third quarter of 2016 with a 4.2% increase in patient days and a 2% increase in revenue per patient day while in tthey U.K., same facility revenue increased 3.8%, patient days increased 2.5% and revenue per patient day increased 1.2%. Same facility EBITDA margin was 24.9% compared with 25% for tthey third quarter of 2016. Acadia's tax rate on adjusted income from continuing operations before income taxes was 25.3% for tthey third quarter of 2017 compared with 21.8% for tthey third quarter of 2016. Acadia's operating cash flow from continuing operations was $84.3 million for tthey third quarter of 2017. Turning to our financial guidance. And as announced in yesterday afternoon's news release, we adjusted our 2017 financial guidance based on our results for tthey third quarter and first nine-months of tthey year and our outlook for tthey fourth quarter. Our full year guidance now includes revenue in a range of $2.82 billion to $2.83 billion, adjusted EBITDA in a range of $600 million to $605 million, adjusted diluted EPS in a range of $2.23 to $2.25 and an exchange rate of $1.28 per British Pound Sterling and a tax rate of approximately 25%. Ttheir implies guidance for tthey fourth quarter revenue in a range of $708 million to $718 million, adjusted EBITDA in a range of $149 million to $154 million, adjusted diluted EPS in a range of $0.54 to $0.56 and an exchange rate of $1.30 per British Pound Sterling and a tax rate of approximately 25%. Our financial guidance does not include tthey impact from any future acquisitions and transaction related expenses. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks ttheir morning and thank you for being with us. I will now ask Dana to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And we will go first to Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Brian Tanquilut Hi. Good morning guys. Joey and Brent, as I think about tthey U.K. issues that you highlighted, how should we think about tthey fundamental drivers ttheyre? Do you think that ttheyre is anything with NHS that is changing or Brexit, for that matter? And ttheyn, what is your ability to flex your staffing and your cost structure in tthey U.K.? Or how quickly can you do that? And what visibility do you have into tthey moving parts of that business on a real-time basis? Brent Turner Thanks Brian and that was more than one question in it. So let me talk about tthey U.K. on tthey labor side. Tthey Brexit is having more of an impact on us on being able to recruit and find and get nurses and nurses are turning to being employed by agencies which wtheyn ttheyy go through tthey agency, you end up paying between tthey 30%, around 30% premium for those nurses. In our daily operations, based upon tthey staffing, tthey first thing you can control is tthey nurse agency expense. And if you don't have tthey patients, hopefully you are not calling in that agency nurse and expending that money. Second is that, what ttheyy call bank employees is what we theyre in tthey states would know as part-time employees utilizing ttheym more effectively than what we have in tthey past. And those are a couple of tthey actions that tthey U.K. team is implementing and working on to improve as we speak as how to monitor and utilize agency nurses to reduce that expense and ttheyn on tthey part-time employees, use ttheym more efficiently in tthey staffing of our facilities. Now long-term, we need to recruit more nurses, clinical staff that are our employee. And we do that through tthey traditional ways that we do theyre in tthey U.S. through job fairs, through sign-on bonuses, those types of things to attract tthey employees to us. So that's what we are doing real-time is working on matching tthey labor cost to tthey census and being more real-time in recruiting and some more measuring and monitoring of tthey real-time and many of our individual facilities may have had ttheyir own agency management we are trying to centralize and improve that process to limit and control access and spending that money. So that's what's going on real-time. I think around November 8, tthey U.K. people and us will be togettheyr and ttheyy will give us an update on what's happening in October and how ttheyy did in October, not only for tthey month, but how ttheyy are doing on ttheir labor cost, nurse agency expense item that hurt tthey third quarter results. Brian Tanquilut And ttheyn Joey, on tthey revenue side. I mean anything out of tthey NHS to call out? Joey Jacobs On tthey revenue side, it is still going through tthey transition of moving money from tthey NHS to tthey local trust and negotiating at tthey local level. Ttheir will be, I think, our second time going through that process. Also we think that or it's possible that during tthey normal month of vacation over ttheyre, which is August that we have seen in tthey past that a buildup of patients needing service would occur and ttheyy would enter back into tthey system more quickly in September. That didn't occur ttheir year. Tthey NHS, tthey government in tthey U.K. is trying to build, we know more so on tthey med surg side an extension or a waiting list before you get care ttheyre. Our patients really that is more limited on what ttheyy can do ttheyre, we believe. But it may be one of tthey reasons why tthey census was slower in September and didn't rebound as fast as we thought it would. And it caught us not managing our nurse agency expense and our manpower to tthey best that we could. So those are two things going on ttheyre. Tthey revenue per day, we think it's going to be in tthey 1% tthey 1.5% range. And we have got a couple of negotiation issues that we want to theylp us on both tthey labor cost and generating tthey funds necessary to provide tthey great care that ttheyy do over ttheyre. And that many times tthey NHS is requesting us to have one-on-one care or in some cases even two-on-one care, two employees to one patient. And right now we get limited extra reimbursement for that wtheyre it should be more fully reimbursed. So that is going to be one of tthey negotiation items on our list and actually we are going go back early and bring ttheir to ttheyir attention to see if we can't get some relief on that staffing requirement of one-on-one to two-on-one. So ttheyre is a lot of things going on in tthey U.K. that we are working on around labor cost and revenue and hopefully we will start seeing that. But it will be a longer process in tthey U.K. than it is theyre in tthey U.S. But if we will take one step at a time, hopefully by tthey end of tthey year we are in tthey much, much better position than we are today, both on revenue and on managing tthey labor cost. Brian Tanquilut Got it. Joey my follow-up, just as we look at 2018, how do you think about tthey growth outlook for tthey U.S.? I know you have some tailwinds from cures and your outlook on joint ventures and bed adds, so if you don't mid just giving us some color on how you are thinking about 2018? Thanks. Joey Jacobs We still think with all tthey things we can do for our same-store facilities and our de novo facilities that we are expecting revenue to grow in that 6% to 8% range. And you notice that even during tthey hurricane, we came in at about 6.3% same-store revenue growth. And if you gave us tthey 60 basis points for tthey hurricanes, we were at 6.9%. So right now, I think we are going to have good single digit same-store growth and we are building tthey beds and we are actually building beds in tthey U.K. We have over 200 beds that we targeted for tthey U.K. for facilities that need additional capacity to take more patients. And we will be building more than 600 right now, it looks like, theyre in tthey U.S. again next year for our needs. So tthey growth part of tthey U.S. looks good. And I think it will be in that 6% to 8% range. Brian Tanquilut All right. Thanks Joey. Operator And we will take our next question from Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets. Frank Morgan Good morning. I want to go back, I thought early on I theyard you say you were expecting ttheir to be a short-term issue and I just want to clarify. It seemed like in Brian's answer, it seemed like ttheir may play out over a longer period of time. So just want to make sure I understand your perspective on tthey recovery in tthey U.K. from a timing standpoint? Joey Jacobs I think our goal is, Frank, that we will build improvement throughout tthey quarter so that we would be in a position for tthey first quarter to be back to, tthey U.K. is always going to grow slower than tthey U.S., but be back to what we think ttheyir budgets will be for 2018. And we are still in that process of doing ttheyir 2018 budgets and we are close to finalizing ttheym. So we will have that goal put to bed theyre soon. So we just want to take one good step a day for tthey remainder of tthey year and be in position for 2018 wtheyn it gets started. Frank Morgan Okay. And ttheyn does ttheir in anyway, I know you mentioned you have 200 expansion beds lined up coming from tthey U.K., but tthey fact that your census is softer, does ttheir make you actually rethink your bed expansion strategy in tthey U.K.? Joey Jacobs No, not at all. What we did, Frank, was we went back to tthey bed build and we went back through tthey list of tthey facilities wtheyre ttheyse beds are being added and ttheyy have a strong enough census or occupancy that ttheyy need ttheyse beds. So we have done what you just asked. We went back. We looked to make sure we should be building ttheyse beds. And we came back with ttheir number of bed builds for next year for tthey U.K. Frank Morgan Okay. And ttheyn, so I guess as a follow-up that is ttheyre any geography within tthey U.K. wtheyre ttheir was more noticeable than ottheyr spots? Or was it just general census weakness across tthey board? Joey Jacobs Always censuses, well some places we will have more of an impact than ottheyrs. I have no data theyre about what cities, what markets were impacted tthey most. All I have in front of me, Frank, is tthey grand total. Frank Morgan Okay. Joey Jacobs But I just know from experience that censuses can be with programs or it can be with geographic locations or whatever, but I just don't have that data with me. Frank Morgan Okay. Maybe one final and I will hop off theyre. In terms of, until you get ttheyse issues resolved, obviously you have plenty of capital and I think ttheyre was a belief that you could see some significant M&A activity in tthey U.S. Is ttheir in anyway pause your time line on wtheyn you might go back into tthey M&A market? And I will hop off. Thank you. Joey Jacobs No. Our acquisition pipeline was always geared towards tthey U.S. and we made an offer ttheir week on a single facility and we lost out on a facility that we bid $200 million for that it was a double digit multiple on a forward-looking for 2018 that we priced it off of and we didn't get it. So we are being disciplined in our pricing and we are not going to chase some of ttheyse ottheyr bidders, mainly private equity firms that are trying to get a platform. So we can be very patient and be selective with our joint venture partners and with single acquisitions and quite frankly with some smaller multi facility acquisitions. Operator And we will take our next question from Ralph Jacobi with Citi. Ralph Jacobi Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping you can go back just around tthey timing of tthey labor cost pressures? And any thoughts or opinions on why it didn't materialize at all in tthey first half? Or if ttheyre were any indications that that was going to mount to be a pressure? And why it all came through in ttheir third quarter fairly quickly and obviously with disproportionate impact? Joey Jacobs Well, first if you go back, we have always wtheyn we would get tthey question about tthey U.S. labor market, I would talk about it, but ttheyn I would follow-up most of tthey time with a comment on tthey U.K. market that ttheyir nursing shortage and clinical staff shortage is much more acute than it is theyre in tthey U.S. and that's been tthey case for tthey past many quarters. What we found out was wtheyn tthey census didn't come back in September after tthey vacation holiday, we could have done a better job managing agency expense and we didn't. So it compounded each ottheyr, a lower census not meeting our expectations and ttheyn with a higtheyr labor cost. And that's what caused tthey issue and that's what we are working on. We are working on both of those items today. How can we get more patients, more revenue through tthey facility and how can we do a better job with our agency expense and staffing ratios in tthey U.K. So that's exactly what we are doing and it compounded itself in September wtheyn we didn't see tthey census come back from tthey vacation month. Ralph Jacobi Okay. And ttheyn just on tthey on tthey guidance, you missed by about $11 million or so. You noted $2 million from tthey hurricanes. So effectively a $9 million miss. You took down guidance by €27 million. Can you theylp us on, if ttheyre is a thought around something perhaps getting worse versus just a full quarter impact of what you saw in tthey third quarter? And ttheyn, if you could even split that out between how much just your little guide reflecting tthey U.K. versus tthey U.S. wtheyre it sounds like even in tthey U.S. while tthey numbers were theyalthy, it sounds like that's still and did come in lower than your, I guess, accelerated expectations? Joey Jacobs Tthey fourth quarter, 90% of that is tied to tthey U.K. Now we do not mentioning ttheir, but we will. Ttheyy did occur. We will probably have anottheyr $0.01 hurricane. Our facility in Puerto Rico is now, I think starting its sixth week on emergency generation. We won't have electricity ttheyre. Tthey best estimate on electricity is four weeks away. So we are worried about that. Our specialty facilities in tthey state of Florida, it takes ttheym a while to ramp ttheyir census back up because ttheyir length of stay is much longer ttheyre. So we discharged quite a few of those patients and ttheyn maybe in one facility we took ttheym all out. So we are having to build back ttheyre. So we are missing some revenue from that. And ttheyn unfortunately, ttheir is a year for natural disasters. We had a specialty facility out in Napa Valley that had to be evacuated and I think we were down like two weeks because of tthey fire. We are back. Our census is ramping back up. So ttheyre is a little bit of tthey natural disaster in tthey fourth quarter, but 90% of it is tthey U.K. And so as we look through tthey first nine months and ttheyn think about tthey things that are occurring in tthey fourth quarter, it was our best judgment to tthey guidance that we did. Ralph Jacobi Okay. Thank you. Operator And we will take our next question from Whit Mayo with Robert W. Baird. Whit Mayo Hi. Thanks. Can you elaborate a little bit on tthey cost differential on tthey agency versus tthey employed staff? And are ttheyre any numbers that you can put around that in terms of tthey percentage of FTEs in tthey U.K. that are agency versus employed and wtheyre that is now versus a year ago? Joey Jacobs Really, whit, tthey only number I can give you and that number was given to me verbally, was that ttheyre is a 30% premium to tthey existing rate for ttheyse positions that go through a nurse agency or a staffing agency. So that is tthey only number I have. I don't know how many we used last year ttheir time. I am sure ttheyy have got it in tthey U.K. but I haven't seen those numbers. Whit Mayo Yes. Presumably much larger than it was a year ago. Joey Jacobs Yes. Whit Mayo And maybe just to be clear, do you plan on at ttheir point putting any growth in your internal plan for tthey U.K. in 2018? Joey Jacobs It is very small. Whit Mayo Okay. And maybe just on tthey U.S. business, can you maybe frame up for us how each one of tthey different businesses are performing versus plan? Joey Jacobs Well, we usually don't say that. We are proud of all tthey facilities that we have. Right now I would say, tthey acute, tthey CTC centers, tthey non-addiction specialty facilities and ttheyn tthey addiction facilities, ttheyy would be ranked in that order as far as pro forma, is how we would rank those services. Whit Mayo Okay. And tthey $120.8 million of same-store EBITDA in tthey U.S. segment, just be clear, that does include about a $3 million hurricane theyadwind? Correct? David Duckworth Yes. That's about right. For tthey third quarter, that EBITDA related to tthey hurricane would be tthey $0.02 of EPS in that. Whit Mayo Yes. Got it. So if I exclude that, it seems to imply that tthey same-store EBITDA would have actually increased about 11% year-over-year, which is tthey fastest growth rate in five to six quarters. So I just want make sure that we are all reading ttheir right. David Duckworth You are in tthey range ttheyre. And we have had a great fundamental year inside tthey U.S. and especially in tthey third quarter. We generated 7% same-store revenue once you factor out tthey hurricanes and theyld tthey margin. So we had a good fundamental quarter theyre in tthey U.S. Whit Mayo Got it. And maybe just one last one on tthey elderly business in tthey U.K. I know it's a small piece of tthey overall portfolio, but it seems to have about $100 million of revenues with very little margin on it. I know it's running totally at full capacity. But just any thoughts operationally changes you can make ttheyre? Or just interested in maybe looking for to sell that asset? Joey Jacobs I think we have some opportunity to maybe, Whit, on tthey revenue raising tthey rate a little bit ttheyre, more than maybe we have in tthey past, but it is a non-core assets and with non-core assets we want to quota review those to see if ttheyy should be divested. So if someone was to approach to us about ttheyir interest in ttheir subsidiary, we would entertain that. It's not our core strategy. Whit Mayo Yes. I got it. Thanks guys. Operator And we will take our next question from Ryan Daniels with William Blair. Ryan Daniels Hi guys. Thanks for taking tthey question. A follow-up on tthey U.K. You talked a little bit about managing census versus staffing and I am hopeful you can give us some insights on what type of systems from a information technology standpoint perhaps you have in place to give you real-time census data or data on referrals and ttheyn how that can be used for staffing? Or is it tthey fact that you simply need to book some of ttheyse agency nurses out in advance such that even if you get real-time data, it's kind of hard to adjust on tthey fly because you have already booked that labor? Joey Jacobs Well, we are wanting to just more to real-time or on tthey fly. We think that was part of tthey issue in tthey third quarter. We have a pretty good handle on how tthey census is trending on a daily basis. Tthey key is making sure tthey operators at tthey local level are matching ttheyir staffing to that census and that ttheyy have not prematurely engaged agency nurses or agency staff wtheyn ttheyy didn't need to. And that is tthey, it's not tthey number one goal, but it's in tthey top three goals of tthey staff, of tthey management team over ttheyre in tthey U.K. That's what ttheyy are working or putting a lot of resources on that with our operations and with our financial IT department to give us more real-time matching of tthey census to what we need from tthey part-time pool and from tthey agency staffing. Ryan Daniels Okay. That's theylpful color. And ttheyn as a follow up, again I appreciate tthey U.S. was actually quite strong, but as you said, it didn't bounce back as much. And ttheyn wtheyn you rank tthey performance, I think you said addiction facilities were ranked fourth. So any more color on what's going on in that asset group that might be seeing a little bit slowing growth than you anticipated ttheyre specifically? Thanks. Joey Jacobs Ttheyy did well. Ttheyy could have done better. Ttheyre's a lot of people, a lot of business plans trying to get started in that area and as we have told you about, wtheyn we look at acquisitions, we want to see a company that we are acquiring have more than a five-year theirtory so that we know it's been through good times and bad times. And right now, ttheyre is a lot of money being put out ttheyre. It may be hurting us a little in certain markets. And ttheyn that, to my mind, is tthey number one thing going on in ttheir industry across tthey country is that ttheyre's more new entrants into tthey business than ttheyre was. Ryan Daniels Okay. Great. Thank you for tthey color. I will hop back in tthey queue. Operator And we will take our next question from Billy Hynes with Mizuho Securities. Billy Hynes Hi. So I guess I am still not really clear why census was down on in tthey U.K.? It means that versus your internal guidance, it's a 200 to 300 basis points delta which seems like a lot to me. I know you might have just answered ttheir, are you seeing increased competition? Is it NIH driven because of maybe tthey tightening admission referrals because of Brexit? Just any clarity you can give us on would be theylpful. Thanks. Joey Jacobs I believe it's more of an NHS issue. It may be very small, less than 10% on tthey competition side. I think it's more of an NHS issue now. What we would look forward to or hope does occur is that ttheyy continue to close beds and have a need to outsource those patients to tthey private providers. So it's more of an NHS and it's more of tthey transition, I think, also from tthey NHS to ttheyse local trust that's occurring that tthey local trust have a lot of input now on tthey admissions. So it's more a NHS, local trust transitioning and we think we are optimistic that if NHS closes more beds and outsources those, we would be tthey big winner ttheyre. Billy Hynes So I actually need to ask, I mean how committed are you to ttheir business since you acquired it in early 2006? It's kind of been a roller coaster ride and Brexit's not going away. Is ttheir maybe a business you would consider spinning off and just focusing on tthey U.S. business because trends ttheyre are positive and ttheir is really dragging down your stock? Joey Jacobs No. We fundamentally like tthey business that we have in tthey U.K. We have tremendous facility. Have we had a couple of bumps? Yes. Brexit being one and tthey CMA being tthey ottheyr. But both of ttheym are behind us. We are still feeling some of tthey impact of what occurred with Brexit. But it is a fundamental right for tthey citizens over ttheyre to have mental theyalth benefits and we want to be tthey leading provider of those services and we have that opportunity and platform to make that happen. So am I glad we are in tthey U.K.? Absolutely. Do I think it's going to be a great business? It is a great business, but will it be greater? Yes. But that doesn't mean that if somebody came by and wanted to make an unsolicited offer for it, we would entertain it. But it's not for sale. I am not advocating selling it at all. Actually I am advocating that it's going to be positioned correctly that three years from now, everybody will go, wow, what a great deal ttheyy did. Ttheyy had some rough times in tthey beginning, but ttheyy did a good job with it. Billy Hynes Okay. Fair enough. And just one last question. I am sorry if I missed ttheir. But you did say in your prepared remarks that tthey U.S. had some softness in tthey quarter and did not rebound in August and September. Is that tthey addiction business that did now rebound? Or is not tthey acute behavioral? Joey Jacobs Tthey last time I looked at tthey numbers ttheyre, Billy, it was more on tthey addiction side. Billy Hynes Okay. And what do you think is happening ttheyre? Joey Jacobs As I mentioned earlier, I think ttheyre is some more competitors in tthey market and I think even though ttheyre is mental theyalth parity out ttheyre, maybe ttheyy are not as ease of access to tthey services as ttheyre should be. But ttheyre is more competitors, more money going into ttheir space. Everybody wants to be Acadia. That's a backward compliment, I guess. Everybody wants to be Acadia, but ttheyre is only one Acadia and ttheyre is only one network of substance abuse facilities or addiction facilities and we have those. Billy Hynes Okay. Thanks. Operator And we will take tthey next question from John Ransom with Raymond James. John Ransom Hi. Good morning. Just to go back to tthey U.K., wtheyn do you think is reasonable to expect you would have tthey staffing situation back to a more normal mix of temps? Joey Jacobs Boy, John, you are making me look way out in tthey future. I want to be in position by tthey first quarter. Could it take until tthey second quarter? Sure. But ttheyre is a lot of focus and attention on ttheir as we speak and hopefully from ttheir action positive results are going to be occurring. So once again, reusing ttheir fourth quarter to take actions and hopefully those actions are going to produce results for us next year. John Ransom So just to do some simple math, if half of tthey miss was labor and you solved that, ttheyn I mean ttheyre is about $60 million shortfall implied in tthey fourth quarter. Are you clawing back roughly half tthey miss that you can solve tthey labor issues, just to put in context? Joey Jacobs Say that one more time, John. John Ransom So if you look at tthey implied guidance for 4Q, EBITDA is about $15 million below street model. Joey Jacobs Yes. John Ransom So if we are assuming 90% of that's U.K. and half of that 90% is staffing, half is census, by solving tthey staffing, could you just maybe plug half that $60 million shortfall some time first half of next year? Joey Jacobs Yes. John Ransom Okay. Joey Jacobs If I understand you correctly, yes. If we were to improve, if we were to fix tthey staffing issue, would half of it come back next year? Yes. John Ransom Okay. And my ottheyr question, maybe you can't answer ttheir, we all know ttheyre is a ttheyre's a big Welsh Carson portfolio that's going to come to market. Do you expect that to come to market ttheir year? Joey Jacobs No. John Ransom Okay. Thank you. That's all I had. Joey Jacobs Okay. Operator And we will go next to Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Kevin Fischbeck Okay. Great. Thanks. So I guess wtheyn we think about tthey U.K. business, it sounds like from your perspective tthey reduction in guidance ttheir year is not something necessarily annualized into next year. It will be a theyadwind for next year, but you think you are going to be able to recapture most of it. I wasn't sure wtheyn you talked before in answering an earlier question about modest organic growth. I think you were saying a little organic growth in 2018 in tthey U.K. That's a revenue number, right? I guess if you improve margin, you should be able to show some EBITDA growth nest year. Is that tthey way to think about it? Joey Jacobs Yes. That is tthey way to think about it, yes. Kevin Fischbeck Okay. And ttheyn I guess shifting to tthey U.S., which seems like a better quarter. Obviously ttheyre has been competitors talking about length of stay pressure. It didn't seem like ttheyre was any of that ttheir quarter. But just wanted to see if you are seeing anything on tthey length of stay side or tthey Medicaid rate side? Joey Jacobs As you can see from our stats that we put out, tthey length of stay is basically flat. It's very stable and continues to be ttheyre. Tthey payor mix is very similar to what it was in tthey previous quarter. So that thing is stable too. So both of those are staying reasonably stable. And we don't see anyone of those moving significantly one way or tthey ottheyr. Kevin Fischbeck Okay. And I think you had a couple de novos that you are opening up theyre in tthey back half of 2017. Any color on how those are going? Joey Jacobs Tthey color is that we have three. We have one in Louisiana that's going through tthey state licensing process. We have one in Arkansas that's going through tthey state licensing process. And we have one in William that's going through tthey state licensing process. And tthey key to that is that basically construction is complete and we are just getting through that process. So if we can get all three of those done by tthey end of tthey year that will be more than 250 beds, I think, just in those three projects. So we are working very hard to get ttheym open. But once again, it's now at tthey hands of state. So we are working with ttheym. We have got our legal team working with ttheym. We have got our quality team working with ttheym. And it's just getting through tthey system to get our license. Kevin Fischbeck All right. Actually one last question. As far as tthey labor management goes in tthey U.K., is ttheyre anything, I guess I am not familiar exactly tthey labor laws is ttheyre, is ttheyre anything ttheyre around hiring people or firing people that would make it more difficult to adjust staff in real-time wtheyn census like ttheir comes down? Or is ttheyre pretty similar to tthey U.S. market? Joey Jacobs Well, I don't think ttheyre is anything holding us back from adjusting tthey agency. I think tthey part-time employees probably have less rights. Tthey full-time employees, that would be a process that you would have to go through. But in most states theyre in tthey U.S., you have to go through that process. So it would be a little bit longer in tthey U.K. versus tthey U.S. Kevin Fischbeck Okay. But since it's mostly agencies, that's less of an issue. Joey Jacobs Yes. Kevin Fischbeck Okay. All right. Great. Thank you. Operator And we will take our next question from Chris Rigg with Deutscthey Bank. Chris Rigg Hi. Good morning. So I am going to throw out some numbers theyre, so hopefully I don't confuse you too much. But you have reduced tthey guidance for tthey second half of tthey year by about $27.5 million for just tthey second half. So anyways that's is about $54 million. If you were to say that's 90% in U.K., call it $48 million-ish. Does that mean tthey U.K. business EBITDA right now is running about 20% to 25% below wtheyre you thought it would be wtheyn you came into 2017? David Duckworth Chris, I think what we saw in tthey third quarter, you would not annualize that. Tthey fourth quarter, we expect to see some modest improvement ttheyre. But we have absolutely would not take tthey third quarter trend and apply it to tthey first half of tthey year or to 2018. So ttheyre is a miss ttheyre. It's larger in tthey third quarter. It may continue into tthey fourth quarter. But we are not thinking about a miss or a full annualized impact that would be that significant. Chris Rigg Okay. Can you give us a sense for maybe how it's deviating relative to guidance overall for tthey year? David Duckworth I think that miss in tthey third and fourth quarter would be roughly double what we would expect for tthey first half of tthey year. Chris Rigg Okay. And ttheyn a technical question on tthey agency labor that you are using. Are ttheyse per diem nurses? Are ttheyse travel nurses that you are getting from overseas somewtheyre? David Duckworth Ttheyy are per diem nurses now. Traveling to ttheym, you could be in France or Germany or whatever and that's a commute. That would not be like coming from tthey Philippine. So that would be tthey difference. Chris Rigg And ttheyn just last high-level one. Wtheyn you think about sort of how you are managing tthey U.K. business right now, do you think you need to implement some changes ttheyre, not necessarily people but just tthey overall span of control and how you see sort of tthey results ttheyre from Nashville? Or do you think you are well-positioned right now? Thanks. Joey Jacobs Actually, we are doing a combination of that in both tthey U.S. and tthey U.K. So we are constantly looking at how can we be better and how we can be more efficient and what is tthey appropriate span of control. So we are constantly doing that and we have made changes in both tthey U.K. and tthey U.S. Chris Rigg Great. Thanks a lot. Operator And we will take our next question from Dana Hambly with Steptheyns. Dana Hambly Hi. Good morning. Thanks for getting me in. A couple of questions. Just wanted, Joey, tthey Brexit you mentioned that having an impact on tthey U.K. staffing. And I just wonder, how big of an impact you think that is? Because it seems like that would be less out of your control and take a longer process. It sounds like it's probably not a huge impact. But if you could just clarify that for me? Joey Jacobs Well, it's pretty big. I read somebody's report wtheyre ttheyy talk about tthey unemployment in London and even I was astounded about tthey number of opening that tthey NHS has. So it's bigger than people think. But it's something I think we can work through. Dana Hambly Okay. All right. And ttheyn secondly, given tthey dramatic move in tthey stock price. I wonder if it makes you rethink and maybe it's too early about your capital structure and tthey employment of leverage? Or do you still feel comfortable and tthey long-term view of 4.5 to 5.5 times? Joey Jacobs Right now it's business as usual to hit our guidance and we constantly are looking at tthey balance ttheyyet. So that's nothing unusual. But it's basically keeping our theyad down, doing our job, blocking and tackling. And tthey one thing that lets me sleep good at night is I know we have tthey right team and ttheyy are motivated and ttheyy are focused. So we will get through ttheir. Dana Hambly All right. Thanks very much. Operator And we will go next to Charles Haff with Craig-Hallum. Charles Haff Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. One thing I was trying to do on tthey U.K. side was reconcile your comments on occupancy ttheir quarter for tthey U.K. with tthey nurse staffing issue and I realized you have fixed and variable cost in terms of nurse staffing levels. So tthey 87% occupancy that you did in tthey quarter wtheyn you are expecting 89% to 90%, did that actually ease tthey nurse staffing problem that you saw ttheir quarter? And if you would have done 89% to 90% occupancy, we may have seen even a worse impact on tthey same store EBITDA margins? Joey Jacobs If we would have done 89% to 90% or 88% to 90% occupancy, tthey margins, all of tthey numbers ttheyre would have been positive. Ttheyre would be incremental margins coming from those patients and that would be a positive. At tthey 87% or 86% occupancy, wtheyn it dropped to that level, what we did is, we did not respond quick enough to adjust tthey nurse staffing or tthey clinical staffing to offset tthey drop in tthey revenue. That's fundamentally what we have got to do better, grow our revenues, manage our expenses. And unfortunately, in September, it went over those but tthey wrong way. Tthey occupancy was lower and tthey nurse agency was higtheyr. And that's a bad on us and that's a bad on tthey U.K. team, but everybody's got a great attitude about fixing that. Charles Haff Okay. And ttheyn I understand wtheyn you divested tthey assets of some of tthey U.K. assets in December, you also divested tthey prior U.K. management team that you had for a few years and primarily picked up or kept tthey Priory management team in tthey U.K. Have you been making some tweaks around that? Or do you anticipate making some tweaks? Do you think that tthey Priory team was may be less familiar with some of tthey legacy Acadia and CRC assets? Do you think that complicated tthey issue in any way or not really? Joey Jacobs I am going with not really. We pick tthey best people to be our management team. I am confident in that. Now has our best management team made tweaks to that team? Yes. So that's what's occurred. We pick tthey best ones and ttheyy have tweaked ttheyir management team and I am confident that if ttheyy needed to make changes ttheyre one way or tthey ottheyr that ttheyy would make ttheym and we would be very supportive. Charles Haff Okay. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator And we will take our next question from Matt Borsch with BMO Capital Markets. Matt Borsch Thank you for squeezing me in. Is it fair to say theyre that really ttheir boils down to, as you look forward, getting on top of labor cost timing issues, it boils down to question about tthey volume outlook for tthey U.K. market. And I guess what can you do to better understand what impacted, if anything, what impacted tthey volumes ttheir quarter and is continuing to, to some degree, going into tthey fourth quarter and get any insight on wtheyn that might turn around? Joey Jacobs Well, we get a daily census every day. So we know wtheyn we have had good days and wtheyn we have soft days. So we are beginning to see good days. Ttheyre are things like, some of ttheyse beds build, ttheyre are some of ttheyse bed builds wtheyre we could have patients in ttheym tomorrow if tthey beds were built. I wittheyyd we had some of those beds ready to come online tomorrow so we could fill ttheym up and increase our occupancy and patient days. Ttheyy will be working with tthey local trust more. Ttheyy have worked with ttheym in tthey past. But we will step up our efforts ttheyre with tthey local theyalth trust about sending patients our way and our program needs and what ttheyy need for programming. So we are doing all tthey basic blocking and tackling to get tthey census to grow in tthey U.K. And so I am very optimistic that Trevor and their team ttheyre and Ron theyre can make that happen. Matt Borsch And as a follow up question, maybe I am getting too much in tthey weeds theyre, although ttheir is kind of tthey key issue. What is it that tthey trust might be doing differently than NHS has done in terms of sending referrals to your facilities? Do you think ttheyy are going to ottheyr facilities? Or are ttheyy just not going at all? And why might that be, if you have any insight on that? Joey Jacobs Well, what has occurred over ttheyre is that tthey NHS has puttheyyd funding of patients more to tthey local theyalth trust. So tthey local theyalth community has more impact on funding and moving tthey patients into tthey appropriate level of care. So that's a transition that is going on ttheyre and I think we can theylp tthey local trust meet ttheyir needs and also work with us through like one-on-one care that we are giving to some of those patients or tthey two-on-one care that ttheyre is places wtheyre we can now go to and tell our story better and present our case. So that's what's going on as ttheir transition of tthey NHS to tthey local theyalth trust, tthey movement of money and tthey movement of patient. And so that's wtheyre we are working. Matt Borsch All right. Thank you. And thank you for squeezing me in. Operator And we will go next to Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners. Ana Gupte Yes. Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in as well. Good morning. I wanted to switch gears to tthey reimbursement policy changes that we are seeing under ttheir administration. And first on tthey volumes on exchanges ttheyre, did you see pressure on exchanges because of tthey premium increases from defunding of CSRs have been partially subsidized, people coupled with tthey executive order on barebones plans. Can you give us a sense for what type of theyadwind that might be for 2018? And ttheyn in tthey commercial group market, should ttheir barebones plans direction weaken essential theyalth benefits? To what degree is that going to impact tthey commercial employer market on enforcement of mental theyalth parity as well? Joey Jacobs Well, first, we don't want any plan to reduce ttheyir level of benefits or commitment to us. Tthey high deductible plans that ttheyy may be pushing more, if mental theyalth parity truly exists, those high deductible plans apply to tthey med surg and psych industry tthey same. So we don't know. Once again, we don't see any action being taken between now and tthey end of tthey year on theyalthcare. We see, as you see in tthey press, ttheyy have now focused on ttheyse tax cuts. And we think ttheyy will stay ttheyre. Now we are very much in line with what tthey med surg hospitals are wanting. I think tthey last time I talked to ttheym, ttheyy do not want block grants. Ttheyy want to benefit structures to stay tthey same. Ttheyy do not support ttheyse high deductibles, low prize plans. But once again, it's probably better than booking at all as that. So we are in agreement with tthey med surg industry on ttheyse issues. And once again, we don't see a lot of action theyre or change in behavior ttheir year and we will just have to wait and see what happens wtheyn ttheyy come back from tthey Christmas holiday recess back into session in mid-January and see what's going to be on tthey list for next year now. Now that I have said that, as unpredictable as Washington is, who knows what we are going to do today or what tweet is coming out. But I think tthey tweets are going to be about taxes. And so that's what we are rooting for. Ana Gupte Okay. No, I theyar you about legislative action unlikely ttheir year, but I was talking more about Trump executive order which has already gone through. I am assuming no legislative action, CSRs will likely just be funded through rate hikes and by tthey state which will put pressure on tthey last steps that I spoke. But I don't know if you have contemplated that at all. But let's leave that aside. I had anottheyr question on tthey length of stay issue. Ttheyre is a little bit of pressure. And I grant you that it is not huge sequentially and your comps for 3Q2016 were probably a bit easier. You had some pressure last year as well. Can you give us a sense for why you may not be seeing anything wtheyn your peer UHS is talking quite stridently about managed Medicaid putting pressure? We are theyaring that tthey panel has set out a guide from privates and not-for-profit hospitals as well. Is it something to do with you mix versus acute residential or substance abuse, mental theyalth in your peer mix that's causing it to be better? Joey Jacobs I think we are more diverse in our services that we are offering. And with that we have benefited from a more stable length of stay. And as you can see, tthey global numbers theyre, tthey length of stay is very stable. I can tell you that specialty, our specialty facilities are slightly up. So that offsets tthey acute being slightly down. So our residential services are slightly up. So I think it's just tthey mix of services that we have. We are very diversified theyre in tthey U.S. and wtheyre ottheyr people may be running into tthey length of stay issues, our diversity keeps Acadia protected from that. Ana Gupte Okay. And ttheyn final question on tthey acute JVs. You had talked about getting very close to a large national kind of non-for-profit founded players. Is that happening anytime soon? Joey Jacobs Yes. We had a meeting yesterday. And it's moving forward nicely. Ttheyy move a little bit slower than, say, Acadia does or probably last point or HBA. But ttheyy are moving. We had a very positive meeting yesterday. And so hopefully that happen. Ana Gupte Okay. Good stuff. Good luck with that. Thank you. Joey Jacobs Thank you. Operator And we will go next to John Ransom with Raymond James. John Ransom Hi. Thanks. My questions just got asked. Thanks. Joey Jacobs Thank you. Operator And with no furttheyr questions, I will turn tthey call back to Joey Jacobs for any closing remarks. Joey Jacobs Sure. In closing, I want you to know that tthey third quarter was a tough quarter, but we are motivated and upbeat about things that we can do and executing in ttheir area. We are also very optimistic about our joint ventures and acquisition opportunities for tthey year. But as positive as all those are, what really has made me proud in tthey third quarter was how our facilities responded to tthey hurricane and especially how Puerto Rico is continuing to do, respond to that hurricane, our facility ttheyre. I think it is over 170 beds. So it's a major facility. We are tthey only place that had air-conditioning from tthey time tthey electricity went down to now and water service and we became tthey home to our employees and patients and doctors and ttheyir families. And ttheyre was a lot of hard work and a lot of overnight shifts and taking care of our patients. Also to our folks out in California who has been through ttheir nasty fire. I never thought I would be worried about tthey fires in California. But wtheyn we had to evacuate one of our facilities and ttheyy did a great job of doing that in keeping tthey patient safe. And so to all of our employees, but especially those that have been impacted by ttheyse natural disasters, we are very, very appreciative of ttheyir efforts. If tthey U.K. market is listening in, you got more work to do. I will be talking to you all soon. Thanks for tthey call. Operator Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.