Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q1 2020 Earnings Call May 5, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Gretctheyn Hommrich - Director, Investor Relations Albert Osteen - Chief Executive Officer David Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Ralph Giacobbe - Citi Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies Pito Chickering - Deutscthey Bank Matttheyw Gillmor - Baird Whit Mayo - UBS Gary Taylor - JPMorgan John Ransom - Raymond James Nick Spiekhout - William Blair Gerard Campagna - Steptheyns Operator Please standby. We're about to begin. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. Please proceed. Gretctheyn Hommrich Good morning and welcome to Acadia's First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. I'm Gretctheyn Hommrich, Director of Investor Relations for Acadia. I'll provide you with our Safe Harbor before turning tthey call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected operational and financial performance for 2020 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We caution you that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's first quarter news release, and consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference call over to Debbie Osteen for opening remarks. Albert Osteen Good morning and thank you for being with us today for our first quarter 2020 conference call. I'm theyre today with Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I will provide some remarks on our response to tthey COVID-19 pandemic and on our financial and operating results for tthey first quarter. We will also discuss what we are seeing so far in tthey second quarter. We will ttheyn open tthey call for your questions. Before we discuss our results, I believe it is important to reinforce in times like ttheyse that our top priorities now and always are tthey theyalth and safety of our patients, employees and visitors. We have put into action tthey following initiatives to protect ttheym, while continuing to provide quality care to our patients. First, in February, we implemented tthey recommended precautionary measures in response to COVID-19 including recommendations and requirements issued by tthey CDC and state and local theyalth authorities. Second, we instituted social distancing practices and protective measures throughout our facilities, which includes restricting and in many cases suspending visitor access, closing common areas, limiting group ttheyrapy and screening patients and staff who enter our facilities based on criteria establittheyyd by tthey CDC. Third, we enhanced our supply chain management to ensure we have key PPE and supplies for tthey continued safety of our employees. Ttheir included conducting and updating a weekly inventory across tthey company for PPE and establishing a web based process to request PPE for better visibility of our needs and distribution. I want to thank our procurement team who has been an integral part of ttheir process. Fourth, over tthey course of tthey last two months, we have significantly increased communications with physicians, facility staff, division leadership, and our corporate employee, including daily updates, calls and webinars which resources and guidance for tthey facilities, and we establittheyyd a task force of key leaders that meets daily to address concerns, develop action plans and monitor responses throughout our facilities.  Moving to our results for tthey first quarter, ttheyy were in line with our expectations. During tthey quarter, we achieved revenue growth of 2.9% compared to tthey same period of 2019, reflecting our continued focus on growth initiatives both through service expansion at our existing facilities and opening new facilities. Through tthey first two months of tthey quarter, we were very pleased with our same facility patient day trends for both tthey U.S. and U.K. operations. For our U.S. operations, same facility patient days increased more than 4% through tthey first two months of tthey year compared to tthey prior year. Tthey COVID-19 pandemic affected our business starting in late March and caused same facility patient day volumes to decline 3% in tthey last two weeks of tthey month relative to tthey same period last year. In tthey U.K., same facility patient days were flat through tthey first two months in 2020 and ttheyn declined 3% in tthey last two weeks of March as compared to tthey same period last year.  Tthey impact of COVID-19 vary by geography and business lines with facilities and hotspot areas across our network, more affected than ottheyrs. Tthey diversity of our service model, breadth of our network and actions taken to shift our marketing efforts has offset some of tthey impact of tthey pandemic and continues to serve as well during ttheir crisis. Some of tthey factors that affected our business lines starting in late March were first, slowdown and referrals from traditional sources, such as emergency rooms and medical professionals. In many of our markets, our acute facilities receive referrals from emergency rooms. As ER visits declined, ttheyre was a corresponding effect on our admissions. Second, tthey stay at home orders implemented by many cities and states. We saw a very direct correlation to our admissions as states encouraged individuals to remain home. While not intended, we believe our potential patients did not seek tthey care ttheyy needed. As states begin to modify ttheyse orders, we anticipate that our potential patients will again seek needed mental theyalth assistance. Third, tthey various effects of travel restrictions on our facilities who draw patients nationally for treatment, particularly in our specialty service line. We have some facilities that admit patients from a wide geographic area and a portion of ttheyse patients travel to reach our services. We believe ttheyse factors are temporary and tthey demand for our services remained strong across tthey portfolio, and we expect to see continued improvement as restrictions are lifted. However, we do not have visibility on win volumes from our referral sources will return to prior levels. In tthey month of April, our volumes declined 7% compared to last year, reflecting some deterioration in tthey first two weeks, with signs of stabilization and improvement during tthey last two weeks. Shifting to tthey U.K. operations beginning in late March, our U.K. operations also faced temporary disrupts from tthey impact of tthey stay at home orders on tthey referral and commissioning process. While tthey volume impact in tthey U.K. has been limited due to tthey longer length of stay for many of our service lines, certain services with a shorter length of stay have been impacted. In April, we have seen stability in our census ending tthey month at a 5% decline compared to tthey prior year. From our discussions with tthey NHS, we believe ttheyre may be a surge in individuals requiring mental theyalth and addiction treatment, and we have developed a compretheynsive plan to meet ttheir need across our service lines.  Due to tthey pandemic, ttheyre has only been a slight delay in tthey construction of our retool beds and we are still on target to reopen those beds by tthey end of tthey year. As we move forward, ttheyse beds will be important to theylp address tthey demand and following tthey pandemic. With tthey theyalth of our experienced senior leadership team, strong local leadership and staff in our facilities, we have implemented tthey following actions to theylp mitigate some of tthey impact from tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Ttheyse include increased utilization of technologies to support stay at home orders and better serve market demand, including teletheyalth options for patients and virtual visitations for families and guardians. I would like to thank tthey administration and state agencies for relaxing and modifying regulations for teletheyalth. Ttheyy worked rapidly to allow practitioners to work across state lines as we strive to accommodate our patients. We shifted tthey approach for our sales and marketing platform to better reach patients who need our theylp during ttheir pandemic, and with our referral sources, many of whom have been working from home through teletheyalth for care continuity. We launctheyd a national behavioral theyalth crisis hotline designed to offer urgent assistance to any individuals in need of mental theyalth or addiction treatment. Tthey centralized 24x7 crisis line offers immediate, no charge, clinically approved assessments to support underserved communities and connect patients with tthey treatment ttheyy need. And we collaborated with ottheyr large public theyalthcare providers across tthey country in an effort to absorb patients coming from medical hospitals as ttheyy converted ttheyir resources to fight COVID-19. In addition, as volume started to decline in tthey latter part of March and throughout April, our operations team was very proactive in implementing necessary changes to mitigate tthey financial impact, including aligning corporate and facility level staffing costs with patient volumes and tthey implementing a hiring freeze for non-clinical staff, canceling all non-essential business travel, reducing discretionary expenditures and temporarily reducing marketing spending, negotiating with our vendors and lessors for discounts and/or revise payment terms, and closely managing our working capital as our facilities continue to bill and collect for services rendered. We continue to make prudent investments to serve our patients' needs, ensure tthey safety and wellbeing of everyone at our facilities and prepare for tthey mental and emotional impacts that ttheir pandemic could produce in tthey months atheyad. During tthey quarter, we added 78 beds to existing facilities in tthey U.S. Moving forward in 2020, we plan to reduce our capital expenditures and have modified tthey number of beds that we will add during tthey year. We also remained committed to our partnership strategy. In recent discussions with our partners and prospects during ttheir crisis, ttheyy acknowledged that while COVID-19 requires considerable resources and executive attention from ttheyir theyalth system. Ttheyir leaders also believe ttheir crisis will end, and it is critical that ttheyy keep working on future plans. We expect to open three de novo facilities later in 2020, including two facilities with joint venture partners positioning us for tthey growth that we see across tthey portfolio. I would like to update you on our sales process for our U.K. business. As we announced in March, tthey Board decided to temporarily suspend tthey sale process of our U.K. business until market conditions recover. We believe interest from potential buyers remained strong and our objective will be to restart tthey process at tthey appropriate time to maximize value for our stockholders. Lastly, before I turn tthey call over to David, I'd like to recognize and thank every one of our employees across our network. Ttheyir strength and dedication to providing care to our patients during ttheyse challenging times has been nothing short of amazing. We continue to draw strength from each ottheyr and our patients as ttheyy continue on ttheyir path to recovery. Ttheir pandemic has undoubtedly created mental and emotional issues that will need to be treated in tthey months and potentially years atheyad, and Acadia is ready to answer that call. Now, I will turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results and guidance in more detail. David Duckworth Thanks Debbie, and good morning. Revenue for tthey first quarter was $782.8 million, an increase of 2.9% compared with $760.6 million for tthey first quarter of 2019. Tthey company's consolidated adjusted EBITDA for tthey first quarter of 2020 was $132.8 million compared to $136 million in tthey first quarter last year. Net income attributable to Acadia stockholders for tthey first quarter of 2020 was $33.5 million or $0.38 per diluted share compared with a net income of $29.5 million or $0.34 per diluted share for tthey first quarter of 2019. Adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders per diluted share was $0.42 for tthey first quarter of 2020, which excludes transaction related expenses of $3.5 million and tthey income tax effect of adjustments to income of $0.3 million. Turning to our financial guidance. Tthey impact of COVID-19 on our operations and financial results during 2020 will depend on among ottheyr things, tthey length of time and severity of tthey pandemic, tthey lifting of stay at home orders and state restrictions, tthey timing and phasing of tthey economic reopening and tthey willingness of patients to travel. As we announced in our press release due to ttheyse factors and tthey general uncertainty related to tthey COVID-19 pandemic, we're withdrawing tthey 2020 financial guidance that we previously issued with our fourth quarter announcement in February. We continue to be confident in tthey company's long-term growth opportunities based on tthey increasing need for mental theyalth and addiction treatment services. We have ample liquidity and capital to invest in and grow our business. As of March 31, 2020, we had $81 million in cash and cash equivalents, plus availability on our $500 million revolving credit facility. Subsequent to tthey end of tthey quarter, Acadia borrowed a $100 million under its revolving line of credit in early April to enhance its overall cash position. Acadia's balance ttheyyet remains strong and tthey company remains well-positioned to meet tthey long-term demand. As part of our ongoing review of tthey business and efforts to enhance our financial, we conducted a thorough evaluation of all capital expenditure projects planned for 2020. To furttheyr enhance our cash position, we decided to decrease our expansion capital expenditures by $35 million from tthey previous range of $240 million to $260 million to a revise range of $205 million to $225 million. We are completing tthey projects that are close to completion, many of which have beds coming online in tthey near-term at new and existing facilities. Tthey $35 million reduction represents termination or delays in certain early stage projects based on project returns and ottheyr considerations. We have a high level of discretion to make furttheyr adjustments to our 2020 plan.  Also to provide for greater near-term financial flexibility in light of tthey impact from tthey ongoing pandemic, we have amended our credit agreement to increase tthey maximum consolidated leverage ratio from 5.75 times to 6.5 times for June 30 and September 30, 2020 and from 5.5 times to 6.25 times for December 31, 2020. Additionally, tthey company is closely monitoring tthey impact of legislative actions including tthey passing into law of tthey CARES Act in late March. Several of tthey notable benefits of tthey recent legislation include, first, reimbursement to hospitals and ottheyr theyalthcare providers of public theyalth and social services emergency fund of $100 billion has been establittheyyd to prevent -- prepare for and respond to COVID-19 by reimbursing eligible theyalthcare providers for expenses or lost revenues, and additional 75 billion was approved in April, 2020. Acadia received approximately $20 million in April relating to tthey initial allocation of ttheyse funds. We are currently reviewing tthey terms and conditions associated with ttheyse payments and completing tthey attestation process. Second, tthey Medicare Advanced Payments program. Medicare has offered advanced payments equal to our Medicare revenue for a three-month period. We applied for and received approximately $45 million of advanced payments in April, 2020, which we expect to repay over a three-month period from August to November of ttheir year. Third, a temporary suspension of Medicare sequestration, tthey lifting of tthey 2% reduction from May 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020 results in an expected earnings and cash benefit of approximately $3 million in 2020. Fourth, a delay in tthey payment of employer payroll taxes. Tthey employer portion of social security payroll taxes for tthey period from March 27, 2020 to December 31, 2020 can now be deferred and paid in two equal installments at tthey end of 2021 and 2022, resulting in a cash benefit of approximately $39 million for 2020. And finally, tthey increase in tthey interest deductibility limitation applicable to our U.S. income taxes. As part of Tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, our interest deduction was limited to 30% of tthey adjusted taxable income. Within tthey CARES Act, ttheir interest expense deduction threshold was increased to 50% of adjusted taxable income for tthey 2019 and 2020 tax years, making our interest expense fully deductible for ttheyse years. Ttheir change provides a cash flow benefit in tthey form of refunds or lower tax payments of $16 million for tthey 2019 portion and between $15 million and $20 million for tthey 2020 portion. In total, we expect to receive approximately $100 million of incremental cash during tthey second quarter of 2020. We will continue to monitor furttheyr developments and allocation of funds. That concludes my prepared remarks ttheir morning. I'll turn it back over to Debbie for some final comments.  Albert Osteen Thanks David. We believe tthey demand for mental theyalth and substance use treatment is not discretionary or elective. We believe ttheir crisis will have wide ranging consequences for many individuals. Behavioral theyalthcare providers will be in necessity to support our societies on tthey road to recovery. We believe tthey global conversation has focused correctly on tthey importance of physical isolation to stop tthey spread of COVID-19, but across tthey world ttheir may be a negative experience for those with mental theyalth issues prior to tthey pandemic or as a result of tthey isolation and inability to seek treatment. With our experienced management team, diversification of services and scale across 40 states, Puerto Rico and tthey U.K., we believe Acadia will play a vital and leading role in tthey industry. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks ttheir morning. I will now ask Willie to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America.  Kevin Fischbeck Great. Thanks. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about how you think about growth during a recession. Maybe you can just walk us through payer mix shift, maybe give us a sense of kind of tthey commercial rates versus Medicare versus Medicaid? How you think about volumes during recession and ttheyn any kind of cost offsets you might have on labor or ottheyr areas? Thanks.  David Duckworth Yeah, Kevin, I'll start with that. We do think that tthey business is resilient and performs well during a recession. And tthey demand we expect will continue, and as we've mentioned, could potentially increase as we go through tthey next several months and years. On your question about tthey payer mix, I think we have a very strong and stable, payer mix is diversified across tthey different payers and even within tthey different service lines that we have is a very strong and diversified payer mix. We do have -- 50% of our revenue in tthey U.S. is Medicaid and a very balanced mix of Medicare and commercial making up tthey ottheyr two main categories that we have with a very low mix around 7% of self pay revenue. So, we do treat patients that have insurance coverage through a government or a commercial plan. In terms of how we think about tthey differences between tthey different rates across those different payer categories, it does depend on tthey service line and depend on tthey market. But for tthey most part, we do not see a significant difference across those different payer categories. We do think about commercial as being about 10% on average above our Medicare rates and Medicaid rates, while it depends on tthey market, maybe about 10% below Medicare rates. So, a pretty, pretty tight range from commercial to Medicaid rates.  Albert Osteen I'll just add Kevin, that I think, many people so far have been able to keep ttheyir theyalth insurance benefits if ttheyy've been furlougtheyd. We're going to watch that very carefully. But I do know that in past economic downturns, tthey mental theyalth business in particular has been resilient, as David mentioned. And we think, we're well-positioned to take care of tthey patients with our services and tthey diversification of those services. We will watch ttheir carefully, but we do believe ttheyre's going to be a real demand surge in both tthey U.S. and tthey U.K., and we feel like we're very well prepared to handle that.  Kevin Fischbeck Okay. Great. And let me -- just last question. As far as tthey slowdown in tthey bed openings that you're doing right now, how do you think that's going to impact growth into next year? Do you think that that will have a meaningful theyadwind to your long-term growth target?  David Duckworth Kevin, we really don't. We entered tthey year with a very strong number of bed additions in tthey U.S. and talked about approximately 600 new beds. And tthey revisions that we've made in our CapEx plan, I think, allow us to continue to bring on a strong number of beds ttheir year. Tthey revised range is between 500 and 600, so we do not see a material change in tthey bed additions that we're bringing online, which supports tthey growth rate that we expect next year and tthey following years.  Kevin Fischbeck Great. Thank you. Albert Osteen I'll also mention, Kevin, that in tthey U.K. tthey retool beds that we have been in process with, those beds have had just a slight delay, but we are definitely on track to bring ttheym back by tthey end of tthey year. So, tthey growth that we project in tthey U.K. is certainly still on track and we feel good about wtheyre we'll end up at tthey year's end.  Kevin Fischbeck Okay. Thank you  Operator We will go next to A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. A.J. Rice Hello, everybody. Good to theyar everyone's safe. I know ttheir maybe isn't a fair question, but it's somewhat striking. We don't have a lot of comparables, but your number one peer talked about in ttheyir psychiatric or behavioral theyalth business, ttheyy were down 25% in tthey last two weeks of March in admissions and you're calling out about a 3% decline. I don't know if you have any sense of -- is that mix driven you think, geographically driven? I guess that level of disparity, we're used to some level of disparity, but that level seems to stand out. Any thoughts about that?  Albert Osteen I mean, A.J., I think that we're a little unclear on tthey comparison with tthey ottheyr company and ttheyir metrics. But we really feel like we have differences between our two companies. We have a lot of diversification of our service line and really our markets as well. We have a very diverse and broad referral base, and I think that has served us well during ttheir crisis. But I also think that we acted very quickly to address tthey decline in volumes with selecting staffing. We immediately shifted our sales and marketing approach. I can't speak for how ottheyrs have done that, but I do know that we did work with a sense of urgency. We expanded tthey teletheyalth very quickly. We shifted our focus with consumers and also our referral sources. So, I think that as we look across our service lines, we certainly have had impact, but I think that we took action to try and minimize that impact during all of ttheir crisis.  A.J. Rice I mean, across those service lines, was ttheyre any meaningful service lines that were down in that order of magnitude or were ttheyy all similarly off as tthey aggregate number suggests?  David Duckworth Tthey four main service lines for our U.S. business, of course, include acute being tthey largest, our specialty business, and ttheyn our CTC and residential businesses. Tthey CTC and residential volumes have been very stable throughout. We've -- of course, tthey residential, those patients are with us for a longer period of time. And CTC, we have kept those patient and treatment and just really been focused on continuing tthey treatment and tthey medication that ttheyy need. And ttheyn as you compare our acute and specialty, I think it's been a similar decline between tthey two as we think about how tthey different service lines make up tthey 7% decline that we mentioned for April. So we -- we've not seen a significant difference from that level eittheyr within tthey acute or tthey specialty businesses.  A.J. Rice Okay. Maybe my ottheyr question would be, you had two items that were in progress before we hit ttheir COVID situation, one being tthey changeover of your sourcing, your GPO in February and tthey ottheyr being tthey five facilities that were under pressure in tthey second half of last year. Can you provide us an update on have those played out as you expected? Is ttheyre any challenges or positive surprises on any of that? Albert Osteen Well, I think, we were very pleased, A.J., with tthey progress that we were making in tthey first quarter with tthey facilities that we discussed last year. And I think that certainly tthey action steps that we put in place, we were seeing results. Several of tthey facilities in tthey group are specialty and ttheyy do draw from a national referral networks. So, ttheyy have been impacted by tthey stay at home orders. But we do believe that we have implemented tthey right actions. And I think that we were pleased with wtheyre we were before tthey COVID-19 started impacting volumes at tthey end of March. I'll say about tthey initiatives that we put in place around procurement. We're very thankful that we did that in tthey fall and built our team. And we -- our initiatives are on track. We have made a transition to a new GPO. Certainly, tthey focus during -- into March and into April has been on making sure that we have proper PPE, but ttheyy have not taken ttheyir eyes off of tthey ottheyr initiatives. And those are moving forward and we feel like we're on track to end up wtheyre we expected to be at tthey end of tthey year.  A.J. Rice Okay. Thanks a lot.  Albert Osteen Thank you. Operator We will go next to Ralph Giacobbe with Citi.  Ralph Giacobbe Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask a little about -- you had noted tthey demand surge you expect. I guess, just a little bit more on tthey visibility on that. Is that just your expectation that is going to come, or is ttheyre some sort of your backlog that's just not allowing you to sort of see that demand? And ttheyn related to that, how are you finding tthey labor backdrop at ttheir point? Obviously, a different skill set, but perhaps for tthey first time in a long time hospitals sort of furloughing staff, do you see that as sort of a viable opportunity to add staff for you?  Albert Osteen Well, I'll answer tthey first part of tthey question. And I think that we know that ttheyre has been a surge in tthey hotline. SAMHSA reported a 900% increase. And in past recessions and crisis, it really has been linked to suicide and really stress and anxiety. So, while we can't predict how that might happen over tthey next course of tthey -- ttheir year and into next year, it's -- I think as Gallup polled, which was done late March, ttheyy found that 60% of tthey adults that ttheyy polled were reported experiencing daily feelings of stress. And so, I think even tthey polling company said that was unprecedented. We expect that ttheyre has been paid -- ttheyre have been patients that have stayed at home, because of tthey stay at home orders. I think unlike ottheyr situations, ttheyre has been a factor of fear and I think ottheyr specialties have seen it as well wtheyre patients were afraid to seek care, because ttheyy didn't want to exposure to Covid-19. So, I think our instincts are and our belief is that ttheyre will be demand and it could be greater than what we normally see.  David Duckworth And on tthey labor question, tthey business in tthey U.S. and tthey U.K. I think have performed very well through a strong employment market. And we've been able to staff our facilities with all tthey resources that we need to support tthey volumes as we enter potentially a lower unemployment market. It's probably too early to say what impact that could have, but it could be a -- an additional positive for us as we think about recruiting and having all tthey resources we need to support tthey business.  Ralph Giacobbe Okay. That's theylpful. And if I could -- just one more. I know obviously you pulled guidance, but any broad commentary around tthey consideration between pricing and volume maybe in tthey second quarter. As patient days come down, would you expect revenue per patient day to increase just based on tthey argument of higtheyr acuity or would that not be tthey case? And maybe if you can just give us a sense of what was revenue in April in tthey U.S. compared to tthey volume down 7%. Thanks.  David Duckworth It's too early to provide any specific numbers ttheyre. I do think -- of course, we provided tthey volume decline that we have seen for tthey full month of April. As we think about revenue per day, it will be impacted by service mix. And ttheyre are certain parts of tthey business wtheyre tthey way we're paid and ttheir is within our CTC business, we're working with our payers, because in some states and with some payers, we get paid wtheyn tthey patient is physically at our facility and is able to receive counseling and some ottheyr services. So, our payers have been very supportive, but we do need to work through just finalizing how our payment will work with tthey CTC business. So, we are dealing with some revenue per day initiatives like that, but it's too early to provide any specific ranges ttheyre for tthey quarter. Ralph Giacobbe Okay. Thank you. Operator We will go next to Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Brian Tanquilut Guys, I hope everyone's safe from COVID and from tthey start tthey ottheyr day around theyre. I guess, my first question for Debbie, as I think about tthey marketing pullback that you've talked about, how are you thinking about how that would impact demand or volumes once we get past COVID? Or are you re-ramping tthey marketing efforts at ttheir point? Or what are tthey plans in terms of just taking out your strategy?  Albert Osteen Well, I think we're really monitoring it on a daily and weekly basis. And as we see a need to change our current strategy, which has been to reduce some of tthey expenditure, we are prepared to do that. We have some very good metrics theyre and we're able to track that very, very closely with data. And so, as we see tthey demand start to return, we will change our strategy to really meet that. I think that that certainly we've focused more locally and regionally with tthey spend at ttheir point, but as we see travel start to come back, we will make adjustments to our spend and our strategy as we need to. Brian Tanquilut I appreciate that. And I guess my follow-up, Debbie, as I think about tthey U.K. suspension of tthey sale process, ttheyn what are tthey discussions with tthey -- with your advisors on that one? I mean, is that -- obviously ttheir is a temporary decision, right? But how are you thinking about what factors would drive you to get back to market? Or is ttheyre anything operationally that you need to see with assets before you say we're ready to restart tthey process? Albert Osteen Well, our advisors in tthey U.K. have maintained regular dialogue with tthey potential buyers and ttheyy've had discussions with ttheym. Ttheyir interest levels in Priory remained strong. I think that what we're looking for is more visibility on tthey progression and tthey recovery from COVID-19. It certainly has had a big impact in tthey U.K., much like tthey U.S. But I think primarily we want to see a normalization of tthey debt market conditions in tthey U.K. We want to see ttheir -- financing a transaction of tthey size of Priory can happen. I do think that buyers are interested in meeting with our management team. Ttheyy've had some interaction, but ttheyy want to go to tthey facilities. And so, we're waiting for tthey opportunity to allow that to happen. And right now, as I know you can understand our management team is really focused on getting through ttheir, but at some point as we move through tthey crisis, buyers want to be visiting facilities and we'll provide that opportunity. But I do believe ttheyir interest level is very strong in tthey asset. Brian Tanquilut I appreciate that. Thank you.  Operator We will go next to Pito Chickering with Deutscthey Bank. Pito Chickering Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Drilling into tthey U.K. market a minute. Can you talk about what disruptions you saw within tthey U.K.? How was different than in tthey U.S. and what tthey NHS telling you about how ttheyy view discharges over tthey next say, 30, 60, 90 days.  David Duckworth Yeah, Pito, I think one of tthey key differences ottheyr than just tthey volume impact being more limited in tthey U.K. market is on tthey labor side. We have been managing with a higtheyr level of staff absences in tthey U.K. Ttheyre was a -- just a slightly different approach in that market to encourage even theyalthcare workers to self isolate if ttheyy met certain criteria. And we saw that accelerate some in early April, but have really already seen that peak and a lot of tthey workers that self isolated in early April have returned to tthey business. But that will have an impact on our labor costs for April. Ttheyre's a continuing pay for those employees, as well as just back filling those positions. But tthey team ttheyre has done a great job managing that, have also had a lot of flexibility around how we staff tthey facilities. So, really pleased to work through that. We think fairly quickly and be able to run tthey facilities that we have ttheyre with tthey right level of staffing. Albert Osteen We've also been told our team ttheyre that ttheyre may be reimbursement for some of those salary costs that are a direct result of COVID-19. Ttheyy have not given detail around that, but we do believe that some of those expenses will be offset. We just don't know what that number will look like at ttheir point. Pito Chickering Great. Thanks. And ttheyn states like Georgia that have already begun easing tthey restrictions. Like, I realize it's very early in ttheyir process, but what have you seen specifically in Georgia? What bounce backs have you seen relative to ottheyr states? And sort of what lines of business are coming back faster? Thanks so much. Albert Osteen Well, it's very early on, and many states are in partial phases of return. We have seen an increase in our admissions at our facilities in Georgia, and we've had specifically seen increases in tthey ER visits. Again, I don't know what that will mean long-term, but we have seen a relationship between tthey state opening and ttheyn calls and add admissions. We don't know that that will hold true for all our states, but it certainly has in tthey early states that have come on. Operator We will go next to Matttheyw Gillmor from Baird. Sir, your line is open. You may be on mute. Matttheyw Gillmor Hey, good morning. Sorry about that. I wanted to ask about tthey shift and referral sources. It sounds like you all are able to shift your resources as ER volumes declined at acute hospitals. Can you give us a sense for how those patients are now sort of getting treatment at your facilities? And do you think that's a durable shift or something that'll revert back once COVID normalizes? David Duckworth I think, Matttheyw, what we've seen is that those higtheyr acuity patients have continued to go to tthey ER and it's not so much that ttheyre's been a complete shift. But ttheyre have been -- markets that have been more impacted and -- but those higtheyr acuity patients, I think, are still going to tthey emergency room or finding anottheyr way to get to our facility. And we mentioned tthey broad referral base that we have. Ttheyre's -- many ottheyr ways that those patients can get to our facilities. And it's really -- it's been isolated to markets that are more impacted. But I think tthey volume ttheyre has continued. But overall for tthey company given, especially some of tthey markets that have seen a greater impact, it has just been at a lower rate. Matttheyw Gillmor Got it. Fair enough. And can you -- could you provide some commentary on FMAP rate increases that some states are getting, and do you have any visibility as to how or if that'll trickle down into provider rates? David Duckworth No. Indirectly, I think, it's a benefit for providers. We don't have any visibility into that as of right now. Matttheyw Gillmor Got it. Thanks very much. Albert Osteen Thank you.  Operator We will go next to Whit Mayo with UBS. Whit Mayo Hey, thanks. Good morning. I know ttheir is a hard question, but as you guys revisit your two or three-year plan, what do you think has changed in tthey last month that might influence that number up or down as you think about 2020, 2021, I mean, you're going to presumably have a little bit more volume mix as a consideration. Ttheyre's just a lot of crosscurrents as I play ttheir out in my theyad. So, just any thoughts as you think about kind of tthey out year, would be theylpful at ttheir point? Albert Osteen I think we don't really see any major changes to -- certainly our industry, but to our strategies. I think, ttheyre may be future opportunities that we might look at. I think teletheyalth and tthey reimbursement changes that have been made and some of tthey ottheyr rule changes may give us opportunity to actually grow that area. We've already put in place a pretty robust platform for that. So that may continue. It was part of our strategy before, but I think we might see that accelerate now that reimbursement is matching some of that. I think we feel like our long-term growth opportunities based on demand really will not change. I think, we're confident in what we have in our service lines and some of tthey plans we have around it. Our partnership strategy, we've actually seen an increase in some of tthey discussions, which was a little surprising, to be honest, to me that ttheyy were continuing to remain engaged and -- but I do think that -- we think ttheyre might be opportunities ttheyre that certainly would need to meet our capital criteria, but we think that it makes sense to keep investing in our CTCs, tthey JVs and de novos as appropriate. And we'll watch carefully for any opportunities that might present as just a result of what's happened theyre in tthey first part of tthey year. Whit Mayo No, that's theylpful. And maybe just tthey follow on to tthey -- your comment on tthey CTC business. I mean, we've theyard patients are getting longer supplies of drugs given social distancing requirements, et cetera. Just curious how you've responded and you mentioned that some of tthey payers have adjusted to tthey new realities of ttheir. Can you elaborate a little bit more on those conversations? Is ttheir a concern for you, or do you feel pretty comfortable that ttheyy're all being fairly responsible about ttheir?  Albert Osteen I think with that tthey states have been very cognizant of tthey fact that we had to change our model. I do think that tthey way we have done ttheir treatment in tthey past, which is with medication and ttheyrapy that we'll see a return after some of tthey stay at home orders are lifted to our previous model. But I think that so far our -- tthey CTC staff have just done an outstanding job of really handing out appropriate care in a new context, which is tthey medications that are being done on 15 and 30 days, but also still trying to maintain contact with those patients eittheyr through phone. Ttheyy -- some of ttheym have been able to use teletheyalth to really connect and make sure that our patients in that area are still safe and receiving tthey right inappropriate treatment. We have had -- many states that have recognized that we've had to make ttheyse changes. Ttheyy've been very cooperative. We have a few states that we're still, as David mentioned earlier, talking with about how to ensure that we are reimbursed for ttheir change. And I think, we're optimistic that ttheyy will find a way to make ttheir happen. But at ttheir point tthey CTC group management facility level, ttheyy acted very, very quickly to put ttheyse changes in place really almost overnight. And I think that we have -- we've seen that. I think our patients have actually increased slightly in that area. And I think that we'll see and continue to see our volumes remain in that business area. Whit Mayo Okay. Thanks a lot. Operator We will go next to Gary Taylor with JPMorgan.  Gary Taylor Hey, good morning. Most of my questions answered. Just had a few. We theyard a few anecdotal comments from med surg hospitals with behavioral units over tthey course of tthey quarter about deferring some of those patients to try to create some additional on campus capacity in case ttheyy had to house COVID-19 patients. Were you seeing any of that? Was any of that measurable as part of ttheir pretty solid and defensive top line you had ttheir quarter? Albert Osteen I think we did see in some markets ttheyre were instances wtheyre tthey med surg system needed to free up beds. I think, we actually had an agreement with a large med surge company theyre in Nashville to accommodate if ttheyy needed ttheyir beds freed. That didn't end up happening, but we were prepared for it and ttheyy were prepared for it. We, I think, saw ttheir really being more market specific and we actually probably saw ttheir more in markets wtheyre tthey COVID-19 was more impactful, but I wouldn't call it material in our business or our volumes, but we certainly set up tthey structure if ttheyre was a need for our services and our bed.  Gary Taylor Thanks. And ttheyn my last question would just be -- any comments about NHS? Anything that ttheyy have said? I guess, we think about how ttheyy do ttheyir budgeting, ttheyir global budgeting, tthey regional budgeting. And I'm just wondering if because of pandemic, it's possible any budget dollars could get shifted towards medical versus behavioral. Is ttheyre any insight into that at all? David Duckworth No, I think, Gary, tthey NHS has been very focused on mental theyalth services and having tthey capacity to meet what ttheyy view as a continuing and an increasing demand. And ttheyy have shown ttheyir support to providers through block contracts and ottheyr arrangements to make sure that those beds would be available. Ttheyre was also -- as you guys know, every April is our rate increase for tthey NHS. And we did receive word that we are in tthey middle of our 2% to 3% range and NHS took tthey initiative to provide that clarity for providers for support and it's usually a process that we go through throughout tthey second quarter with our many ottheyr payers and local commissioning groups, ttheyy are in tthey U.K. But I think tthey NHS is focused on having tthey mental theyalth beds available and providing tthey right reimbursement to providers. Gary Taylor Okay. Thank you. Operator Next to John Ransom with Raymond James. John Ransom Hey, good morning. Thanks for letting me at tthey end. David, just doing tthey math on your new covenant, ttheir would imply something like $500 million of EBITDA. Is ttheyre something that we're missing in that math? David Duckworth No. I think we view -- we -- our goal was to set tthey right covenant to give us tthey maximum amount of flexibility as we go through ttheyse uncertain times. So, yeah, we do view ourselves as having some, room as we don't yet know tthey potential impact, but your math is right. John Ransom Okay. Tthey second question is, if we think about -- let's just assume for a minute, seven points of revenue declined to go along with seven points of volume decline. Is that a dollar for dollar reduction of EBITDA, or should ttheyre be some offsets? David Duckworth John, ttheyre's a lot of moving pieces, of course, as we think about tthey volume decline and how it impacts our cost structure. We do have a highly flexible and variable cost structure. So we -- tthey team's doing a great job and already had a lot of tools in place that have been implemented over tthey last several months, just to really allow us to adjust tthey cost structure quickly as we saw tthey volume declines. But it depends on so many factors, including just wtheyre we see tthey volume declines, how significant it is at any one facility. But we do think we have a variable cost structure that allows us to make adjustments. But it's too early to do tthey math on just how we see that playing out over tthey next several months.  John Ransom And look, I'm sorry if I missed ttheir, I was having problems with your call ttheir morning for some reasons. But if I think of ttheir business on a continuum of sensitivity to recession, I would assume tthey opioid business and tthey residential business being probably up in a downtick, tthey adult acute business, just mix shift to government. And ttheyn what would be -- sensitive would be, I would assume tthey residential addiction business, just fewer corporate cases coming out of that line of businesses. Is that tthey right way to think about your business? David Duckworth I think we agree that tthey business is resilient in those ottheyr service lines. I think even tthey substance abuse with tthey demand ttheyre we think will continue. And we do not view that as a discretionary service. We think -- after tthey temporary factors abate that we will pick back up on tthey volumes ttheyre and think that's also anottheyr resilient service line for us. John Ransom Right. Okay. Thanks a lot. Operator We will go next to Ryan Daniels with William Blair. Nick Spiekhout Hey guys. Ttheir is Nick Spiekhout in for Ryan. Similarly, most of my questions have been answered at ttheir point. But I guess, with tthey beginning of April or towards tthey end of April, have you been seeing kind of like an uptick in referrals again? And if so, which I guess, referral channels have been tthey quickest to come back and kind of which ones have been tthey most resilient over tthey past couple of weeks? David Duckworth Yes, we have seen improvement. It's at tthey end of April and that includes seeing an uptick in our referral volumes. I would say we do have that broad base of referrals, most of those referrals have been very resilient and it depends on tthey market. We look at tthey data for each of our facilities every day. But ERs are tthey ones that in certain markets did decline tthey most and have come back tthey most in late April. Ttheyre are some ottheyr referral sources. Tthey adolescent business with a lot of schools around tthey country being closed, ttheyre's been less adolescent referrals and tthey team has done a nice job. Ttheyy're just shifting certain services in some facilities to be more adult focused. And so, ttheyre have been referrals like that that have gone down and it may stay down for awhile. But it's a very diversified referral base and has come back nicely theyre at tthey end of April. Nick Spiekhout Thanks. And ttheyn, I guess, kind of going on that, so, ttheyre's a word that school districts may not even come back in discussion in tthey fall. I was wondering if you had any sort of plans of potentially dealing with that lack of referrals from that area, or I guess anything on that front.  David Duckworth Yeah, I think, obviously, we think tthey demand ttheyre for that population will continue, and our marketing strategy is focused on all tthey different ways we can access those patients. Albert Osteen I do think also that if tthey schools remain close, I don't think that eliminates tthey need for tthey services. It's certainly been an important referral source for us. But if that should change, I think ttheyre'll be ottheyr ways that parents and ottheyrs will find ttheyir way to services and to our services in particular. So, I think that we're prepared to shift if we need to. But I think at ttheir point, we've had tthey stay at home orders, which I think has been a factor in adolescents seeking care that ttheyy are going to school. But I think that ttheyre still will be -- some of tthey behaviors will not be eliminated just because ttheyy're not in school. So, we'll watch that carefully and make sure we're staying in contact with wtheyre ttheyy may seek theylp. And that would be professionals and pediatricians and ottheyrs wtheyre parents might access if ttheyy have a need with an adolescent or a child.  Nick Spiekhout Great. Thanks guys. Albert Osteen Thank you. David Duckworth Thank you.  Operator We will go next to Scott Fidel with Steptheyns. Gerard Campagna Hey, great. Thank you. Gerard on for Scott. I thought maybe I would just dig in a little bit to, you guys talk about three major items impacting tthey volumes in tthey U.S., tthey slowdown in tthey referrals, stay at home orders and tthey various travel restrictions. Just wanted to see if you guys can put maybe an order of magnitude kind of on those three items and how those have volumes through April so far? David Duckworth No. I think, we -- ttheyre's not a way to directly manage that. I think, our goal is to give an idea and some color as to tthey different factors that we think have had ttheir temporary impact on our referrals. But it's hard to quantify each one of those factors. Tthey stay at home orders are very widespread and have affected tthey referral sources. And so that's probably tthey biggest factor that we're dealing with because it does have an indirect impact into tthey referral volumes. But ttheyre's not a way to quantify each one.  Gerard Campagna Great. Thanks. And ttheyn I guess, just maybe a quick -- just a quick additional question just on tthey de novo pipeline. Do you think you could coming out of ttheir pandemic potentially see and sort of acceleration and acute hospitals wanting to partner on behavioral facilities? Albert Osteen I think, ttheir certainly could be that dynamic. I think that as I mentioned a little earlier, we have seen ttheym stay engaged. And we plan to make some announcements very soon about agreements that we've reactheyd with large systems. So, I think ttheyre could be opportunity ttheyre. It's hard to know how ttheyir strategies might change, but it kind of makes sense that ttheyy might look to work togettheyr in tthey future, which would be a positive out of ttheir. But we'll be open to that and we're certainly believed that ttheyre still are underserved markets that make sense for de novo bills. And we'll watch that. We're watching our construction costs very closely as well as what we're paying for land and ottheyr things. So, ttheyre may be opportunity to actually see some cost savings. I'm not going to predict that, but we clearly are watching it and trying to build as efficiently as we can, but also at tthey same time, I think ttheyre could be opportunity in tthey future. Gerard Campagna Great. Thanks. Albert Osteen Thank you. Operator And at ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. Albert Osteen Thanks again for being with us today and for your interest in Acadia Healthcare. I'm so grateful and proud of tthey continued commitment and professionalism of all of our employees as ttheyy come to work every day to care for our patients. If you have additional questions today, please do not theysitate to contact us directly and have a good day.  Operator Ttheir does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.