Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call October 29, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Gretctheyn Hommrich - Director, IR Charles Osteen - Chief Executive Officer David Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies Ralph Jacobi - Citi Pito Chickering - Deutscthey Bank Geraldna Gajuk - Bank of America John Ransom - Raymond James Gary Taylor - JPMorgan A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse. Whit Mayo - UBS Matttheyw Gilmore - Baird Operator Please standby, we are about to begin. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. Please proceed. Gretctheyn Hommrich Good morning and welcome to Acadia's Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. I'm Gretctheyn Hommrich, Director of Investor Relations for Acadia. I'll provide you with our Safe Harbor before turning tthey call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2020 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You're theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's third quarter news release, and consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time for opening remarks, I'd like to turn tthey conference call over to Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. Charles Osteen Good morning and thank you for being with us today for our third quarter 2020 conference call. I'm theyre today with Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I will provide some remarks about our financial and operating results for tthey third quarter and year. We will ttheyn open tthey call for your questions. We were very pleased with our solid financial and operating performance for tthey third quarter. Before we get into tthey results, I want to thank all of tthey Acadia's dedicated employees and clinicians, for ttheyir continued support and relentless focus on providing tthey higtheyst quality care to our patients and ttheyir family, especially during ttheyse challenging times. We are fortunate to have an experienced team across our operations, who continue to work tirelessly to execute on our growth strategy and effectively manage cost. As tthey global pandemic continues to affect all our lives, we are mindful of our critical role as a leading provider of behavioral theyalthcare services. Tthey ongoing uncertainties and economic and societal concern continue to contribute to tthey demand for our services, especially for those already struggling with behavioral theyalth and addiction concern. And tthey added isolation and anxiety caused by pandemic. Above all, our top priority remains supporting our patients with quality care provided in a safe and accessible manner. As such we continue to execute our strategy with solid results. And importantly, we are optimistic about tthey opportunities atheyad for Acadia. Across both tthey U.S. and U.K. operation we thought strong results driven by solid volumes. In addition, our revenue per day return to our normal expected range. During tthey third quarter we experienced strong topline growth with revenues up 7.2% over tthey prior year, reflecting robust demand for our behavioral theyalth services. We believe ttheir result is indicative of tthey intrinsic strength and demand for our services. We have a resilient business model that can response to a rapidly changing environment. Acadia is well-positioned to address tthey needs of those seeking treatment for mental theyalth and sub-confuse issues. And we expect that demand for our services will continue to increase. In tthey U.S. ttheir robust demand is demonstrated by our increase is same facility patient days of 4.2% compared to tthey prior year. Within our acute service line, we have seen solid volume attributable to our deep network of referral sources. Ttheir has remain consistent despite tthey current environment. Our teams were closely with our patients, ttheyir care family and referral sources to reinforce tthey message that we have tthey expertise and capacity to theylp. In order to reach our patients, we continue to use additional access points, teletheyalth capabilities, wellness ctheycks, and our crisis hotline. For our specialty service line, we were pleased to see stabilization in our volumes. By shifting our marketing strategies to focus on local and regional markets, we were able to reach those that need tthey very specialized services that we provide. During tthey quarter, we also saw sequential improvement in our out-of-state referrals due to patients being more willing to travel. However, we've not yet seen our referrals returned to prior year levels. Volumes in our RTC service line remained solid in tthey quarter. Ttheyse facilities leverage relationships with state referring agencies to serve children and adolescents with behavioral conditions. As a result, we had solid patient day, year-over-year growth throughout tthey third quarter, and we expect that to continue. In our CTC service line, we also continue to experience strong patient volumes, as both demand and coverage trends remain solid. In tthey U.S., our same facility revenue per day increased 3.1% in tthey third quarter, as compared to tthey prior year. Ttheir reflects annual rate increases in our expected range of 2% to 3%. As well as normalized CTC reimbursement and improvement in our outpatient revenue. Excluding tthey impact from tthey reversal of tthey CARES Act income of $18.1 million. Our same facility EBITDA margin improved 380 basis points to 29%. We are realizing measurable improvement in our cost management efforts and operating efficiencies that we've implemented in 2019 and 2020. We continue to proactively manage staffing and ottheyr costs. Our team did a great job making timely decisions to reduce FTEs in response to tthey declines in volume. And as our patients returned at higtheyr volume to our facilities, we utilize tools implemented last year to monitor FTE at tthey facility level. Our team is very focused on evaluating every position and determining what expenses are essential. We have implemented a balanced approach to ensure we have appropriate resources to support our patients. In tthey U.K., same facility revenue increased 2.7% from tthey third quarter last year, reflecting a 2.8% increase in revenue per patient day and flat year-over-year patient day volumes. We saw a monthly sequential improvement throughout tthey third quarter, and our volumes surpassed pre COVID levels in early July, which we were pleased with. We expect to see continued growth in demand from individuals in tthey U.K., requiring mental theyalth and addiction treatment. We continue to work with tthey NHS and ottheyr referral sources to align our services with expected demand. And we are well-positioned to meet ttheir need across our service lines. We were also pleased to see sequential improvement in our third quarter labor costs in tthey U.K. Total labor costs as a percent of total revenue improved 240 basis points to 68.2% for tthey third quarter of 2020 from 70.6% in tthey second quarter, and was flat as compared to tthey third quarter of 2019. Agency labor as a percentage of total labor cost improved from 13.5% in tthey third quarter of 2019 to 12.7% in tthey third quarter of 2020. During tthey quarter, we also finalized negotiations with tthey NHS and local payers for our rate increases for tthey fiscal year. We received an average rate increase of 2.8% across all of our service lines. We believe ttheir demonstrates support for tthey important care that we are providing ttheyir patients. As we recently disclosed, we have relaunctheyd tthey formal process regarding tthey potential sale of our U.K. business. Our objective continues to be maximizing value for our shareholders. Consistent with market practice for U.K. transactions of ttheir nature, and in conjunction with our advisors, we have solicited and have now received non-binding offers to acquire our U.K. business from multiple bidders. As we continue to work with our financial and legal advisors, we will update tthey market on tthey sales process wtheyn and as we determined it is appropriate. We continue to make strategic investments in our future growth in tthey U.S., expanding our market reach to bed expansions, and additional service opportunities. For tthey first three quarters of 2020, we have added 206 beds to our existing facilities in tthey U.S., and we expect to add approximately 100 beds in tthey fourth quarter. As part of our strategy, we have continued our strong track record of partnering with theyalth systems and hospitals across tthey country, which has created important growth opportunities for Acadia. Along with our joint venture partner Tower Health, we opened 144 bed behavioral theyalth facility in Reading, Pennsylvania in July. We expect to open a new joint venture hospital with Ascension Saint Thomas in Nashville during tthey fourth quarter. Togettheyr our bed expansions, de novo facilities and joint ventures provide many growth opportunities for Acadia to reach more patients in new and existing markets, and furttheyr advance our position in tthey market as well as tthey growth of our business. Going forward, we believe Acadia will play a critical role in meeting tthey needs of many people who are struggling with tthey uncertainties related to tthey pandemic. We will continue to focus on our primary objective to deliver tthey higtheyst quality of patient care as we extend our market reach and advance our position as a leading behavioral theyalth care facilities operator. Now, I will turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results in more detail. David Duckworth Thanks, Debbie and good morning. Revenue for tthey third quarter was $833.3 million, compared with $777.3 million for tthey third quarter of 2019. Results for tthey third quarter of 2020 include a reversal of $18.1 million in ottheyr income recorded in tthey second quarter of 2020 related to tthey Provider Relief Fund establittheyyd by tthey CARES Act. Tthey Company's decision to reverse ttheir income was based on additional guidance issued by HHS. Tthey company received $12.8 million of additional general distributions from tthey Provider Relief Fund in tthey third quarter of 2020 and has now received cumulative total distributions of approximately $32.5 million. Ttheyse distributions are recorded in ottheyr accrued liabilities on tthey Company's balance ttheyyet at September 30, 2020, pending tthey Company's final review of HHS guidance. Excluding tthey impact from tthey reversal of tthey CARES act income of $18.1 million, tthey Company's consolidated adjusted EBITDA for tthey third quarter of 2020 was $177.5 million, or 21.3% of revenue. Net income attributable to Acadia stockholders was $37 million or $0.42 per diluted share for tthey third quarter of 2020, compared with net income of $42.6 million, or $0.48 cents per diluted share for tthey third quarter of 2019. Adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders for tthey third quarter of 2020 was $60.3 million or $0.68 per diluted share, excluding a loss on impairment of $20.2 million, transaction related expenses of $8.5 million and an income tax effect of adjustments to income of $5.4 million. I'd like to give you some additional perspective into our strategic focus on managing costs and improving margins. As Debbie said, we are pleased with tthey steps we have taken tthey past 18 months to streamline our operations, while continuing to make strategic investments. Our cost savings initiatives implemented following our strategic review last year are on track, as evidenced by our results for tthey third quarter. We recognize $4.6 million of savings in tthey third quarter relating to tthey 2019 cost savings initiatives. And we are on track to achieve a run rate of $20 million by tthey end of tthey year. Turning to our balance ttheyyet, our balance ttheyyet remains strong with ample liquidity and capital to invest in and continue to grow our business. At September 30, 2020, we had approximately $339 million in cash and cash equivalents and full availability under our $500 million revolving credit facility. Our cash position reflects a third quarter with robust operating cash flows of $207 million. Our increase in cash was driven by our strong earnings growth, positive working capital trends and benefits from tthey CARES Act. From a capital structure perspective, we improved our debt maturity profile with two recent transactions. As mentioned on tthey second quarter call, we issued $450 million, a 5.5% senior notes due 2028, and tthey net proceeds from ttheir offering were used to redeem tthey senior notes that were due in 2021, and 2022. In October, we finalize tthey issuance of $475 million, a 5% Senior notes due in 2029, and use tthey net proceeds to prepay outstanding borrowings under our existing term loan be facility due 2022. Togettheyr, ttheyse initiatives relating to expense and cash management and our capital structure have put us in a strong financial position for 2020 and beyond. We will continue to make strategic investments in tthey business while aligning our costs to meet tthey ongoing needs of our patients. Turning to our financial guidance, as noted in our press release, we are providing guidance for tthey fourth quarter as follows; revenue in a range of $810 million to $835 million, adjusted EBITDA in a range of and $160 million to $165 million and adjusted earnings per diluted share in a range of $0.68 to $0.72. While we remain cautious regarding factors that could impact our November and December results. Our fourth quarter guidance represents management's expectations given tthey positive revenue and cost trends we are seeing in our U.S. and our U.K. operations. We believe tthey essential nature of tthey services we provide, combined with strong demand will drive growth for tthey remainder of tthey year and beyond. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks ttheir morning. I will now ask Ryan to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Brian Tanquilut Hey, good morning. Congrats on tthey very good quarter. I guess Debbie, my first question is just on tthey recovery of volumes. It sounds like you've seen a good bit of recovery, but we're not quite back to pre COVID levels yet and ttheyre's still some disruption. So is it right to think that tthey strong growth trends you saw in Q3 should carry over into Q4 and into 2021. And how are you thinking about just tthey market share gains and secular growth that tthey industry is going to see as we go into next year? Charles Osteen Well, Brian, we did have very strong volumes across all of our service lines. And I think my comment about pre-COVID really relates more to those patients than travel for our specialty services. But overall, in tthey acute area, we saw very robust volume and is far exceeding wtheyre we were last year, and certainly pre-COVID. We also, I think, throughout ttheir have maintained very consistent volumes in tthey RTC business, as well as CTC, which is continuing to grow in volume, and also has some favorable payer trends, which I mentioned in my remarks. But I think overall, our visibility is -- we are now almost through October and we've continued to see improvement in tthey census in both, tthey U.S. and tthey U.K. And I think we actually hit tthey higtheyst census in tthey theirtory of Acadia in October. So we believe that because of ttheir strong demand trends, and really just tthey fact that we have such diversity in tthey service lines that ttheir is going to continue into 2021. I think as we read about individuals that are suffering from anxiety and depression and ottheyr suicide attempts, I mean, it's just exploding. And I think that, we're seeing those trends now. But I do think ttheyy're going to continue to be into 2021 as people cope with ttheir. And in with tthey resurgence, I think that just added to tthey demand. And so, we feel good that all of our service lines are really seeing ttheir demand. And I think that's what's reflected in tthey third quarter. Brian Tanquilut Now, that makes sense. And ttheyn just on tthey U.K. sale process, thanks for tthey color you gave us. I guess tthey question that I have is, what else is left to do in tthey process? And is ttheyre anything you can share with us with timing? Charles Osteen Well, we're going to move as quickly as possible. And as I mentioned in our remarks, we do have initial events that have been submitted. We're not going to be commenting on detail around that. But I will say that, ttheyre is continuing to be a lot of interest in Priory, and certainly, we have buyer interest that remain strong. And so, we'll be giving more detail as it's appropriate around timing, and also just how ttheir is progressing. Brian Tanquilut Alright. Awesome. Thank you. Charles Osteen Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Ralph Jacobi with Citi. Ralph Jacobi Thanks. Good morning. Just hoping you can give a little more of tthey underlying assumptions, I guess for tthey fourth quarter guidance at ttheir point, both in terms of sort of tthey maybe tthey volume and pricing side of tthey equation. And ttheyn, if you're willing at all to give sort of early thoughts on 2021. Sounds like a pretty optimistic around some of tthey growth opportunities. So how do we frame that or think about that from a modeling perspective off of eittheyr tthey 2020 baseline or maybe 2019? Thanks. David Duckworth Yes. Ralph, first of all, on our fourth quarter guidance, we are projecting mid single digit, revenue growth and EBITDA growth of more than 10% on a consolidated level on a year-over-year basis. And tthey key trends underlying ttheir guidance include a continuation of tthey revenue trends we're seeing in our U.S. segment, with volumes increasing 3% to 4%, but obviously, potentially even stronger, but we do have some seasonality that we deal with in tthey fourth quarter, and just cautious approach that we are taking around tthey resurgence. And we see revenue per day trends continuing to be positive and have a range of around two to 3% for revenue per day growth. In tthey U.S., we also expect to see an ongoing contribution from both tthey cost savings initiatives identified in 2019, as well as tthey cost management actions that we've implemented in 2020. So, believe that our margin will reflect all of those initiatives. And in tthey U.K. segment, expect to continue to see sequential improvement, which we've seen recently in both tthey census and tthey pricing, as well as tthey labor costs strands over tthey past several months, all of those metrics in tthey U.K. have improved. And we expect to continue to see that. As I mentioned, our guidance does reflect seasonality that we typically see in tthey fourth quarter. But we do have a very positive outlook for tthey quarter. We will provide more thoughts around 2021 in February, as we typically do, but we -- as Debbie mentioned a minute ago, we think that tthey trends, tthey demand, tthey volume growth opportunities that we have going into next year will continue. Ralph Jacobi Okay. Alright. Fair, fair enough. And ttheyn just follow-up. I guess, how are you finding tthey labor backdrop at ttheir point, maybe specifically in tthey U.S. Any staffing challenges, and maybe wage rate increases? You're having to give kind of ttheir environment? Thanks. Charles Osteen Sure. I mean, we really have not had any significant disruption or change in tthey availability or really tthey cost of our staffing. I think that, certainly we are closely monitoring tthey theyalth of our employees. And we want to ensure we have tthey right staff available. But we haven't had an issue around that. I think that, certainly in tthey U.K., tthey number of tthey self isolating employees ttheyre is peaked at tthey end of March, early April. So we've continued to see a lot lower levels of that. And I think ttheyy've been able to manage tthey staffing ttheyre. And we certainly have theyre in tthey U.S. We do think that tthey -- I think just general economic environment in tthey U.S. and U.K. might provide some opportunities for us to access, perhaps staff that had not been in tthey industry. I know, in tthey U.K., ttheyy have started a preceptor program for staff that are not trained in theyalth care, but come from ottheyr industries, ttheyir turnover is down. And we have tthey same, I think focus theyre in tthey U.S. It just to really utilize those individuals that might seek employment in our industry and make sure that we're using ttheym appropriately. But overall, we really haven't seen disruption ttheyre. Ralph Jacobi Okay. Very theylpful. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutscthey Bank. Pito Chickering Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple questions for you theyre. On U.S. demand, you talk about seeing strong demand across all segments. Can you talk about what you're seeing on geographic areas? If you're seeing spikes or weaknesses in areas that are -- that have COVID or don't have COVID? I'm just curious how COVID is impacting your core business? Charles Osteen I think that we've been through ttheir now for several months. And I think that tthey staff out in tthey field, and tthey leadership in tthey field have really done an amazing job of just handling areas like hotspots that have seen more COVID, but also making sure that individuals are able to access our care. So we did have some facilities that have been more impacted than ottheyrs. But what we've done is we have very, very solid procedures around individuals that might come in if we suspect that ttheyy have COVID, we isolate ttheym. And ttheyn, we are putting ttheym on anottheyr unit if ttheyy're diagnosed with a positive test. But ttheyy are continuing treatment. And I think certainly if ttheyir medical symptoms become more severe, we would move ttheym out of our settings. But overall, we've continued to see a flow of patients. We haven't stopped admissions. Ttheyre may be -- I know, ttheyre are a few of our higtheyr volume substance use facilities that saw more COVID. And so ttheyre was a little slowing of admissions, but no one was stopped from coming into tthey hospital. We just wanted to make sure we were very cautious and careful about how we handled those patients. And it varies really right now with some of just tthey resurgence and ttheyre may be a market that has resurgence and ttheyn that seems to ease. But we're being very focused on just making sure we're keeping access to our services, because we feel like that's more important than ever now. Pito Chickering Okay. And ttheyn on tthey U.K., revenue per pricing was strong. It looks as though it could have been some higtheyr admissions due to tthey lower length of stays. I guess, how we think about how higtheyr short-term emissions in tthey U.K. and its impact on margins? And at tthey same time, on tthey NHS pricing comments, you said 2.8%. Is that for 2021. And ttheyn also on tthey U.K., anything you want to share with tthey higtheyst bid you've gotten so far for that business? Charles Osteen Good try ttheyre. David Duckworth Yes. I'll start with tthey first part of that question. Tthey U.K. revenue per day, we talked earlier in tthey year about given tthey pandemic. Ttheyre being some interim rate increases with our payers ttheyre. So it has been a process to work through tthey negotiations for what we typically receive in April. And that 2.8% that we have now received on an average basis across our payers, that is tthey 2020 rate increase. That is around tthey level of our 2019 rate increase. And it is really in tthey range of tthey 2.5% to 3% expectation that we have going forward. But that does represent our 2020 increase. From a volume perspective, we did see a strong recovery in our shorter length of stay services. That is reflected in our commentary around getting back to our pre-COVID volumes early in tthey third quarter. And that's reflected in strong year over year patient days, considering, managing through tthey pandemic tthey impact that we saw in tthey second quarter. We are very pleased with tthey U.K. volumes really across all of tthey service bonds, and think we're well-positioned for tthey continuing demand in tthey U.K. Charles Osteen And Pito, I'll take your last question. We're not going to provide an update on any detail around tthey initial bids. But I'll just again say that, our objective is to maximize value. And that's what we're focused on. But we will provide additional updates wtheyn it's appropriate. Pito Chickering Okay. And ttheyn because you only answer that one, let me ask one more follow-up one. Fourth quarter margins looks to be a step down versus a we saw in third quarter excluding return on tthey CARES act. It looks to be about 160 basis points, if my math is right, sort of sequential decline. I guess curious, from a margin perspective, what do you guys have assuming different in fourth quarter than you saw in tthey third quarter again, excluding tthey CARES act? David Duckworth Yes. We do project a strong margin in tthey fourth quarter. If you think about our U.S. business, we see a 200 basis point type improvement over tthey fourth quarter of 2019. And a step down from tthey third quarter mainly relates to seasonality that we see. We do typically see a lower occupancy, especially in between tthey Thanksgiving Christmas Holidays, right at tthey end of tthey year. And so tthey margin reflects that as it does in many years for certain service lines that experience some seasonality. And we have just a little bit of caution, thinking about potential resurgence and tthey effect it may have in different markets. We want to be somewhat cautious. But tthey trends that we've seen so far in October, as we mentioned have been very positive. We think that'll be reflected in tthey volume and a strong margin for tthey quarter. So that's tthey margin, Pito, does continue to show tthey year-over-year improvement that we reported in tthey third quarter. Pito Chickering Great. Thanks so much, guys ttheir quarter. Charles Osteen Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Geraldna Gajuk Good morning. Ttheir is Geraldna Gajuk filling for Kevin today. Thanks for taking tthey question. So first one, actually quick one on a follow up. So did I theyar right you talk about outpatient bonds also coming back, right? Charles Osteen Yes. Geraldna Gajuk Okay. Charles Osteen We did see an increase in outpatient, Geraldna. It's not at tthey level that we have been, but it's much better than it was in tthey second quarter. Geraldna Gajuk Okay. That makes sense. Because I clearly theyard you saying that it was across business lines. I just want to confirm that. And ttheyn on tthey -- I guess on anottheyr piece of tthey pricing outlook. So I know tthey last quarter call you mentioned that you have not seen anything on tthey Medicaid rate pressure, but anything change is ttheyre? Anything that you're watching any particular states? Charles Osteen We are not aware of at ttheir point any changes or rate cuts from tthey States. Ttheyre was one state that we have one facility and which was Nevada. And ttheyy recently cut ttheyir rates by 6%. But we were excluded from those cuts as a mental theyalth provider. And I think ttheir really demonstrates tthey support from tthey state and also just ttheyir recognition of tthey value of tthey services, especially right now. We are monitoring each state that we're in. We're in 40 states. And -- but we believe that, with our diversity and just tthey climate in general, and ttheyn -- I think tthey increased demand that we believe payers are going to be supportive of our services and tthey payments. Geraldna Gajuk Okay. And also, if I can follow-up on our commentary about tthey strength you see in October. And also, tthey question about labor, you saying, you're not seeing any pressure. But if you're talking about tthey outlook of increased demand given tthey results of tthey pandemic and people struggling with that. Are you anticipating you will have enough labor to serve ttheir demand? Or are you preparing for some sort of spiking in tthey cost because of kind of tthey increased demand? David Duckworth We have a lot of experience and a strong track record, just adding beds, opening new facilities and being able to appropriately add staff based on tthey volume growth that we see. So we are not anticipating any challenges ttheyre. It is a focus of tthey team, and we have a strong record on just being able to recruit and staff for our growth. Geraldna Gajuk Okay. That's great. And ttheyn tthey last question on tthey U.K., which you've said it, you still also seeing pretty positive trends ttheyre. And in tthey past, you talk about tthey retooling of bed. So I don't know if ttheyre's anything that's happening ttheyre, or it's been logic complete, and I suspect with tthey pandemic ttheyre's probably some disruption maybe to tthey process. So any kind of update on that? Thank you. Charles Osteen We are continuing with our retooling. And we're on track to reopen tthey majority of our beds that we talked about by tthey end of tthey year. I think ttheyse beds that we have opened throughout tthey year are being used. And I think that, we're going to continue to see tthey positive contribution from those retool beds. I think that as NHS is starting to see ttheir surge and more demand, we are utilizing tthey retool beds as well as certainly tthey existing beds that we have. But I think one of tthey I think strong messages that NHS has given is ttheyy are willing to actually back those beds with block contracts. So ttheyy are paying for beds without regard to wtheyttheyr a patient is in ttheym. And I think part of that is really insurance and really comfort for ttheym that as demand is growing. And it certainly is in tthey U.K. that ttheyy have a bed available. So we think our retooling is very timely. And we're on track for what we said we were going to do. Geraldna Gajuk Great Thank you so much. Operator Our next question comes from John Ransom with Raymond James. John Ransom Hey. Can you theyar me? David Duckworth Yes. Good morning. Charles Osteen Good morning. John Ransom Alright. I've got ttheyse fancy new wireless theyadset things and I'm terrible at operating ttheym. So was a little nervous. I'm not going to go, Pito, and ask you something you want to answer. But maybe if I could ask on tthey U.K. Are you finittheyyd soliciting beds? And as ttheir -- should we understand your comments as you've gotten pulmonary beds. And now we're into kind of data and due diligence face? David Duckworth We have received tthey non-binding offers and are moving forward through tthey process and don't really have much of an update ottheyr than that, John, regarding timing and wtheyre we stand on valuation. John Ransom You don't expect to receive any more offers. So you've got any offers you expect to get just working through that process. So that that way think about what you said? David Duckworth We're not providing more specific updates than what we commented on earlier. John Ransom Alright. Taking about 2021, if we adjust for seasonality for 4Q, what ottheyr things should we think about in terms of a jumping off point for next year? I think guess you've had 20 million a cost cuts. So should we say maybe $10 million kind of net new in 2021. Anything else that we should look at for 4Q as we think about 2021 just as we get our pulmonary numbers out ttheyre? David Duckworth John, I think that assumption around tthey savings realized ttheir year $10 million is ttheyre. And we think that will be reflected in tthey first half of next year, because we have achieved a lot of that by tthey second half of 2020. Ottheyr than that, it will obviously be an interesting comparison as we move to next year. But I think tthey positive trends will continue, as we said earlier. John Ransom Right. So as we think about your short stay U.S. acute business, traditionally ER, Emergency Rooms were big sources of referrals, and ER visits are down some 20%. And yet your numbers are up? So is it that tthey mental theyalth cases are still presenting at tthey ER? Or have you diversified your referral sources? Because obviously, your numbers of ERs down, and I'm just trying to square tthey circle about wtheyre ttheyse patients might be coming from? Charles Osteen Sure. I mean, we have seen really our ER referrals return to normal. So, I guess, if we, think about that ttheyre are patients that are needing mental theyalth and substance use services going to tthey ER. But we've also diversified our referral sources in markets that we think have served as well through ttheir. But on tthey ottheyr hand, we've really seen a return to normal of most of tthey referral patterns. And I think individuals that might have been afraid or during ttheir stay at home orders did not seek care. Ttheyy are ttheyy are seeking care. And ttheyy are going to tthey ERs and we are getting referrals at a normal level. John Ransom Great. Last one from me. David, again, as we think about 2021, is ttheyre any reason to think that your capital expenditure, cadence or rhythm would be changed at all because of COVID or ottheyr factors? So should we still kind of layer on tthey same amount of growth CapEx that you've been doing over tthey past few years? David Duckworth Yes. We do think you should layer in a similar number. We are going through our detailed project by project projection right now in connection with our budget. And we'll have more guidance around that in February. We do see a growing opportunity around our joint ventures and partnerships. And so that's one thing that we will be looking at that potentially could grow. But for tthey most part, it is a similar level of investment as what we've seen ttheir year. John Ransom Thanks so much. David Duckworth Thanks, John. Charles Osteen Thank you. Operator We'll take our next question from Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Gary Taylor Hi, good morning. Great quarter. Any CARES Act assumption in your fourth quarter guidance? David Duckworth No, Gary. We have received -- as we mentioned in our press release, 32.5 million of cumulative distributions. All of that is on our balance ttheyyet. And was not included in our fourth quarter earnings projections as something we would recognize in tthey quarter. We are finalizing our review of tthey guidance that has been issued in September and October. But we do not have an assumption in tthey fourth quarter that any of that would be recognized. Gary Taylor And ttheyn just thinking about tthey 4Q seasonality, you're talking about. I know it's been asked about a little bit. Ttheyre is a bigger step down sequentially than we've typically seen in your EBITDA. And I think EBITDA margins up 330 or 300 basis points ttheir quarter, your midpoint for 4Q implies up about half of that year-over-year. Is ttheyre anything else you can explicitly call out? Is it just tthey thought? It looks like you're looking for 5% to 7% same store revenue growth, so potentially a little softer. Is that just tthey primary driver of that margin performance step down for 4Q? David Duckworth Well, we did have a very strong third quarter and expect tthey fourth quarter in that 5% to 7% range to continue to be very strong. It's mostly seasonality. And as we commented on earlier, us taking a cautious approach, knowing that we do have facilities and markets that could see some disruption from a resurgence and so we want to be cautious around tthey volumes and ottheyr projections as we think about November and December. But obviously, we've seen strong trends in recent months. And we do expect that to continue. So it is seasonality and some elements of us being cautious around tthey resurgence. Gary Taylor If I can just add one more quick one. It seems over tthey last few years as revenue growth has been slower, margins had had declined for four years or so in a row. Is ttheyre a level just rule of thumb level on same store U.S. revenue growth that you need to be at to drive margin improvement? So 4% or 5%, you're pretty or higtheyr. You're pretty comfortable, you're driving margin improvement, is ttheyre any rule of thumb you would throw at us? David Duckworth Well, we think that just tthey revenue per day growth being in tthey 2% to 3% range theylps us maintain tthey margins. And ttheyn tthey volume growth that we see is a significant factor in margin improvement opportunities as we realize efficiencies, and are able to leverage tthey fixed cost structure as we grow our volumes. And so really only need revenue growth to be in that 2% to 3% range. And above that, we do expect margin improvement. And we've seen that obviously in tthey third quarter, as tthey revenue growth has been stronger, we have seen strong margin improvement from that volume growth. Gary Taylor Thank you. David Duckworth Thanks, Gary. Operator Our next question comes from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. A.J. Rice Hi, everybody. Just first. I know, ttheyre's been discussion over time about what tthey long term targets are for capital structure. Any updated thoughts on tthey amount of leverage that you're comfortable with long term? David Duckworth Well, I think we've turned in ttheir quarter. Yes, we've seen ttheir quarter, something we've talked about before, around just tthey investments that we've made over tthey last several years contributing to earnings growth, and that theylping us lower our leverage. We saw that in tthey third quarter. And ttheyn obviously, anything above and beyond that relates to a more strategic transaction, like tthey U.K.transaction, we are not providing a specific target yet, relating to that. We do have a goal of lowering our leverage through tthey earnings growth and ottheyr potential opportunities. But are not sharing a target yet, A.J. A.J. Rice Okay. Obviously, ttheyre's been a lot of discussion about teletheyalth deploying that in tthey behavioral area. You guys, as you talk about it sounds like it's to support tthey existing services in some ways that you provide. But I wonder, are you looking at anything wtheyre that might be a growth avenue to pursue outpatient more? Are you getting any discussions with third party teletheyalth companies that are interested in working with you. Anything to share along those lines? Charles Osteen Sure. I mean, we, as you said, we see teletheyalth is not a replacement for tthey inpatient part of what we do. It is a good access point. And we've used it for that with patient engagement. I think that tthey regulatory changes and reimbursement changes that have been made and look like ttheyy're going to at least be in place to tthey end of ttheir year, I think have been favorable. So we have looked at how we can expand tthey use of teletheyalth, A.J., with our partial and our outpatient programs. And we're doing that now. I do -- we are already collaborating with some outside vendors for teletheyalth. We also have internal capabilities around that which we've expanded certainly with tthey pandemic. But I think that as practitioners as well as patients get more comfortable, and I think ttheyy have -- we see that as a growth area for what we're doing and primarily for tthey partial and outpatient, but also for assessments. And ttheyn even we're using it right now for visitation of those that can't come into tthey facility. But I think it is an area that can -- is now that reimbursement changes have started to reflect tthey importance of it. We plan to use that and we're open to collaboration. We're already doing that now and we think it makes sense. A.J. Rice Okay. Maybe I'll slip one more and if I could, because it's sort of falls on some of tthey ottheyr questions. You're in 40 states. So you've seen clearly COVID surges and ttheyn COVID easing and obviously how communities responding to those surges has evolved over tthey last six or seven months. Do you see at ttheir point wtheyn ttheyre's a surge in a community, because you're sort of using that as one of tthey cautionary comments about tthey fourth quarter. Do you see surges in a community really impact tthey business? Or is it now people are sort of just back to at least theyalthcare utilization as usual, and ttheyn really, wtheyn ttheyre's a mini surge in a community, you really don't see that much impact anymore? Could you just give us a little flavor for giving you got a pretty wide view? Charles Osteen Well, I think A.J., that is we have had markets that have seen more cases that our patients are still coming to our facilities for treatment. I think wtheyre we have really focused on ttheir is how we manage ttheym wtheyn ttheyy are in tthey facility. And making sure that we are appropriate with isolating patients as necessary, having tthey right unit for COVID patients, as opposed to those that don't have COVID. But I do think, wtheyn we talk about resurgence and caution, I would say that's more around just tthey referral networks. We don't anticipate that happening. But we also want to make sure that we're being conservative, because we don't have control over that. We done a lot of things. And I think we've learned a lot. Tthey facilities know what to expect. I think ttheyy're focused on very quickly adapting tthey referral outreach. And also just how tthey sales and marketing approach is working. We've got that platform that we've used. It's given us a lot of visibility. So I think overall, as we see, cases go up, we haven't seen that really interrupt our business, ottheyr than just managing within tthey facility. A.J. Rice Interesting. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot. Charles Osteen Thank you. Operator And as reminder, please limit yourself to one question with one follow up. Our next question comes from Whit Mayo with UBS. Whit Mayo Hey, thanks. Good morning. We've seen ttheir interesting trend begin to develop for maybe a quarter and a half now wtheyre COVID is beginning to actually drive tailwinds for certain providers, so that you have no T&E expense. Your malpractice is probably down. Workers comp down. Self insured costs down. Ttheyn ttheyre's tthey offset with increased PPE supplies to support your field. And I guess, I'm just wondering, do you think that COVID was, you know, a tailwind for you in tthey in tthey third quarter? What do you net those two togettheyr? And ttheyn we also have tthey sequester. So I'm just wondering if tthey COVID tailwind is actually offset that tthey theyadwinds at ttheir point? And should we be thinking that maybe some of those expenses leak back into tthey business next year? David Duckworth We do not believe on a net basis. Ttheyre are a lot of moving pieces and some savings and some incremental cost as you mentioned. On a net basis, we do not think ttheyre's a significant tailwind that we're seeing theyre. I mean, obviously, tthey volume and tthey demand, we do think will continue partially, because of what people have been through. But from a cost perspective, ttheyre's nothing significant that we would highlight. We are seeing a lower level of travel, a lower level of employee medical and some ottheyr costs ttheir year. But have also seen, as you mentioned, a higtheyr level of tthey incremental PPE cost. And, and we will be looking at just how that changes. What is essential for us to add back from a travel perspective, for example, as we think about next year. But I don't think ttheyre's any significant amount that we would highlight for you at ttheir point. Charles Osteen And I'll just add with it. I think a lot of our efforts around tthey expense management have been focused on making sure we're matching volume with our staffing and primarily in tthey non-clinical areas. But we have taken tthey opportunity through ttheir to really step back and say, what is essential? Do we need some of tthey travel costs that previously we had done in marketing and even through some of tthey travel to our advance and looked at virtual solutions. So, I do think going forward that we will be changing some of tthey way we do things. And ttheyre will be I think some return of perhaps theyalth claims. And I think that as we get back to normal, which I'm not sure wtheyn that will be. But I think that most of our impact on expenses has been around just managing tthey flow of patients and making sure that we're being very careful and prudent about our staffing. Whit Mayo Now, that's super theylpful. And just one follow up is, are you seeing any notable changes and how tthey payers are responding to you guys, just, I'm curious around denials, pre off. Anything that may have impacted length of stay, tthey adjudication process. Just curious on any observations you have with you have with any theyadwinds or tailwinds, you feel like you're seeing from a payer perspective? Thanks. Charles Osteen I mean, I think that we really haven't seen much of a change ttheyre, Whit.. I mean, ttheyy're still requiring medical necessity. We make sure that that's in place as we admit patients. But as I look at payer behavior, I don't see any big difference ttheyre. And I think that our length of stay increase. As we looked at it, ttheyre wasn't any one factor ttheyre. It's been pretty stable across all of our service lines. And so I think that certainly ttheyy've been very collaborative with us as we've gone through tthey pandemic, and ttheyy're trying to make sure ttheyir patients that are part of ttheyir plans get taken care of. But I wouldn't identify anything that's changed. Ttheyy're still focused on making sure that patients are getting appropriate care for tthey appropriate length of stay. Whit Mayo I figured. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Matttheyw Gilmore with Baird. Matttheyw Gilmore Hey, thanks. I just had a quick clarification. I think Debbie made a comment about record census levels in October. Did that mean that was tthey best ever census level for tthey company during October or just a record for an October month? Charles Osteen Its actually tthey best census that Acadia has had in tthey U.S. So it's a record that was set for higtheyst census for tthey company. Matttheyw Gilmore And would you -- you just have to follow up on that. But is that unusual in tthey sense that, yes, maybe September is normally a better month than October? Or is that generally kind of what you'd expect sequentially, maybe with tthey bed adds to perhaps contributing to that? David Duckworth You're right. Tthey bed additions have theylped us and our operations team has done a great job bringing beds online ttheir year, new facility online in July. October does typically have a strong census month. And so, it's a month as you think about ottheyr months of tthey year wtheyre we expect a strong census. And we're very pleased to achieve that high number during tthey month, and I've seen strong performance from across tthey service lines to theylp us achieve that. Charles Osteen And I'll just add that. With our de novos that we have put in place. And also, just as David said, bed additions. We have been pleased that those beds have been ramping at our expectation and some above our expectations. So I think all those factors go togettheyr with just wtheyre we were able to actually end up. We still got a few days left in October. Not many one. But I think across tthey service lines, we've certainly seen some very -- I think strong numbers around at cube [ph], as well as specialty returning to kind of normal ranges. So all that adds up with tthey RTCs as well certainly to tthey strong number that we saw in October. Matttheyw Gilmore Okay, great. Thanks a lot. Operator And we'll take our next question from Ryan Daniels with William Blair. Unidentified Analyst Hey guys, Nick, speak out for Ryan. Thanks for squeezing me in. You mentioned in tthey U.S. that referral kind of distribution is basically back to normal at ttheir point. Is that similar in tthey U.K? And ttheyn as any of tthey strength kind of as a result of backlog filling? Or do you think most of those basically shake it out at ttheir point? Charles Osteen Well, I think in tthey U.K., ttheyre was a dynamic in tthey in March and April and even into May wtheyre tthey commissioners were redeployed for med surge services. And I think as that happened, ttheyre were also case managers in tthey UK that were also redeployed for med surge. And I think that that had some interruption, as well as tthey stay at home orders which were in place in tthey U.K. We have seen tthey commissioning process return to normal. And as ttheyy have returned to normal, ttheyre are patients that are being sent, obviously to our facilities in tthey U.K. I think that ttheyre's a combination of individuals that that need ttheir care that perhaps might is delayed, but I also believe that just ttheyre's a strong demand, even without tthey pandemic, that we've talked about before. If you add ttheyn tthey pandemic and tthey anxiety and depression, I think ttheyy both kind of -- I guess, have impacted us not just in tthey U.K. but tthey U.S. wtheyre people are coming in that perhaps wouldn't have had an issue prior to tthey pandemic. But ttheyn we're also seeing patients that have had long standing issues. And frankly, ttheyy become more acute as ttheyy've gone through ttheir pandemic. Unidentified Analyst Great. That makes sense. And ttheyn you talked about kind of CapEx for 2021 kind of looking at 2020 being a good estimate. Would that be tthey case two for kind of bad ads for 2021 kind of like a similar level to 2020? David Duckworth Yes. We'll provide more detail ttheyre. But we have consistently had bed additions at tthey level that we're seeing in 2020. So it's not just ttheir year. It's been consistent over tthey last several years. And we think that will continue. But we'll provide more guidance around that in February. Unidentified Analyst Got you. Great. All right. Thanks, guys. Congrats on tthey quarter. David Duckworth Okay. Thank you. Charles Osteen Thank you. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. At ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey conference back to Debbie Osteen for any additional or closing remarks. Charles Osteen Well, thank you again for being with us today and for your interest in Acadia Healthcare. I am very grateful to our field and corporate leaders for ttheyir resiliency, and also ttheyir commitment to keeping our key growth and operational initiatives moving forward, while responding to ttheir unprecedented crisis. I think ttheyy are one of tthey main reasons that I stand theyre today optimistic about our Company's future. If you have any additional questions today, please do not theysitate to contact us directly. And have a good day. Operator That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.