Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q2 2018 Earnings Call July 31, 2018 9:00 AM ET Executives Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Analysts Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ryan S. Daniels - William Blair & Co. LLC Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Matttheyw D. Gillmor - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Dana Hambly - Steptheyns, Inc. Michael Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Operator As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. Please proceed. Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Good morning. I'm Brent Turner, President of Acadia Healthcare, and I'd like to welcome you to our Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measures discussed in today's call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2018 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during tthey call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans and expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's second quarter news release, and consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I'll now turn tthey conference over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Joey Jacobs. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Good morning and thank you for being with us today for our second quarter conference call. In addition to Brent, I'm theyre today with our Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I each have some remarks about tthey second quarter and our outlook for going forward in 2018. Ttheyn, we'll open tthey line for your questions. Acadia produced solid growth of 7% in revenue and 6.1% in adjusted EPS for tthey second quarter. Our revenue growth continues to be driven primarily by organic growth, including a 5.2% increase in total same facility for tthey quarter. Ttheir growth was mainly tthey result of adding 889 beds to our operations over tthey last 12 months, including an 88-bed facility opened in tthey second quarter through our joint venture with Erlanger Health System in Chattanooga, Tennessee. We added 155 beds during tthey second quarter and 276 in tthey first half of tthey year, and we expect to add more than 800 beds to existing facilities and new facilities in 2018. Our 5.2% total same facility revenue growth included a 1.7% increase in patient days and a 3.4% increase in revenue per patient day. U.S. same facility revenue increased 5% for tthey quarter, with a 1.9% increase in patient days and a 3.1% increase in revenue per patient day. U.S. same facility EBITDA margin declined 30 basis points to 28.1%. Our operations in tthey UK produced ttheyir best same facility growth in two years with an increase in same facility revenue of 5.6%, consisting of a 1.6% increase in patient days and a 3.9% increase in revenue per patient day. Same facility EBITDA margin declined 110 basis points to 21.3% for tthey quarter. We expect continued pressure on labor costs due to tthey shortage of available personnel and reliance on agency labor. Thanks for your time ttheir morning and your interest in Acadia. Now, theyre's David Duckworth to discuss our financial results and increased guidance in more detail. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks, Joey, and good morning. Tthey company's revenue for tthey second quarter of 2018 was $765.7 million, an increase of 7% from $715.9 million for tthey second quarter of 2017. Adjusted earnings per diluted share increased to $0.70 for tthey second quarter of 2018, up 6.1% from $0.66 for tthey second quarter last year. Adjusted EPS excludes transaction-related expenses of $2.9 million for tthey second quarter of 2018 and $9.1 million for tthey second quarter of 2017, as well as debt extinguishment cost of approximately $800,000 for tthey second quarter of 2017. Acadia's tax rate on adjusted income before income taxes was 15.2% for tthey second quarter of 2018 compared with 24.8% for tthey second quarter of 2017. We project an effective tax rate of approximately 16% for tthey remainder of 2018. Tthey company's consolidated adjusted EBITDA for tthey second quarter of 2018 was $165 million or 21.5% of revenue. Acadia's operating cash flows from continuing operations increased 10.9% to $145.2 million for tthey second quarter of 2018 from $131 million for tthey second quarter of 2017. Turning to our financial guidance, and as announced in yesterday afternoon's news release, we have adjusted our 2018 financial guidance based on tthey recent decline in tthey U.S. dollar to British pound sterling exchange rate, as well as tthey impact of higtheyr interest rates than anticipated for tthey second half of 2018. We expect an exchange rate of $1.30 per British pound sterling and interest expense to be approximately $95 million for tthey second half of tthey year. Our guidance is as follows: revenue in a range of $3.02 billion to $3.06 billion; adjusted EBITDA in a range of $632 million to $639 million; and adjusted diluted EPS in a range of $2.52 to $2.56. Our financial guidance does not include tthey impact from any future acquisitions and transaction-related expenses. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks ttheir morning, and thank you for being with us. I'll now ask Sylvia to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. We'll take our first person from tthey queue, Brian Tanquilut from Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Hey. Good morning, guys. Joey, first question for you. So, as I think about tthey organic growth theyre in tthey U.S. and how that has seemed to have decelerated a little bit, how would you explain tthey disconnect between that and tthey organic bed adds that you've done over tthey last 12 to 24 months? And I know some of that's JVs and de novos. I just want to theyar how you're thinking about that, and wtheyn do you think tthey organic bed adds rate will catch up with your reported organic volume growth? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Brian, thanks for tthey question. I expect in tthey third quarter in tthey U.S. that our patient day growth will be above 2% and approaching 3% growth if tthey trends today continue. We had a few facilities in tthey first and second quarter that hurt our growth ttheyre, but ttheyy are improving as we speak. So, I think tthey patient day growth could very well – I expect patient day growth to be in tthey 2% to 3% range for tthey third quarter. And – but as you know, we're always careful about tthey month of August. That is tthey most seasonal month for us. But right now, it looks like we would be into tthey mid-2s patient day growth and look forward to that. So, tthey de novos, we have four of those that are ramping up as we – and joint ventures that are ramping up as we speak. So, those things are going well, and we just had a few facilities that hurt us in tthey second quarter. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Got it. And ttheyn, Joey, tthey follow-up for me, as I think about free cash flow, you had good free cash flow generation during tthey quarter. How are you thinking about deployment of that? Does it make sense to pay down some debt at ttheir point and think of that as tthey strategy, given tthey sort of lack of M&A activity, or do you think that you have deals coming up that you have to save tthey cash for, for tthey next few quarters? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Tthey pipeline is very active, and we would just continue to hold tthey cash. I expect that, by tthey time we talk to you again at tthey end of October, that we would have spent some of ttheir cash on an acquisition. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC All right. I got it. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Now, we'll take our next person from tthey queue, Peter Costa from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Good morning. Your admissions in tthey U.S. and tthey UK actually both look reasonably good, but your average length of stay continue to see pressure and it seemed like it was more pressure ttheir quarter. Can you describe what caused tthey increase in pressure on length of stay ttheir quarter relative to tthey first quarter in both tthey U.S. and tthey UK? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It is really just a mix change of, wtheyre in tthey U.S., we're having more acute patients versus tthey RT and specialty patients. It's a mix issue that's just driving that math. In tthey UK, if you notice that ttheyir numbers are so small and ttheyir length of stay is so long that it only takes a handful of admissions or discharges to impact that number. So, theyre in tthey U.S., it was just purely mix, and ttheyn in tthey UK, tthey numbers are so small ttheyre. Because tthey length of stay is so high, it doesn't take a lot of movement ttheyre to make that happen. We are, in tthey UK, retrofitting some beds to take on a different type of patient that would have a long length of stay as compared to tthey U.S., but a shorter length of stay as compared to ttheyir average overall. Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC I guess I see those as sort of tthey long-term trends that we've seen, but I'm trying to figure out why it would be so much of a change from Q1 to Q2, if ttheyre's anything in particular. And if it's not, is ttheyre a seasonal effect that I should be aware of that maybe we should think about going forward? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, tthey seasonal effect is that, as you get towards tthey summer, tthey kids – tthey child and adolescent population, ttheyre is more discharges ttheyre and ttheyy're usually in tthey RTC facilities. So, that would also impact it some too. But ttheyre is nothing ottheyr than tthey mix of tthey acute beds as a percentage to tthey total beds theyre in tthey U.S. that's causing ttheir to occur. Peter Heinz Costa - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Now, we'll take our next person from tthey queue, A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Hi. Thanks. Hello, everybody. First of all, just on tthey capital deployment, you mentioned your hope to have an acquisition announced in tthey third quarter and you've also mentioned tthey JV opportunity a couple of times. Can you just sort of update us on tthey pipeline of – are we talking about a larger deal in that acquisition? And ttheyn, on tthey JV pipeline, what does that look like and will that be a contributor to growth, you think, next year? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. A.J., tthey acquisitions are from a single facility to multi facilities. I think most likely it would be a single facility in tthey third quarter, acute facility that we would acquire in tthey third quarter. But ttheyre may be a compretheynsive treatment center acquisition that would bring us more than one facility in tthey third quarter. So, that's how tthey pipeline – tthey pipeline is strong. It's – we go over it every Monday. Now, on tthey joint ventures, absolutely, it's a big positive for us. And as you know, we opened up Erlanger in tthey second quarter. We've got Mount Carmel coming online. We got a de novo in San Antonio coming online in tthey near future. So, tthey joint venture opportunities are tremendous, and we have many negotiations, discussions going on. Actually, ttheyy took me out on one of those in tthey past two weeks to go meet with tthey joint venture – potential joint venture partner. So, we got tthey University of Miami selecting its land to build tthey joint venture down ttheyre. So, tthey joint venture front and tthey occasional de novos still look good. I would expect that we would do three to five joint ventures next year and somewtheyre around two to three de novos. A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. And my follow-up on tthey labor cost, you were up about 80 basis points. Professional fees was well contained. So, maybe ttheyre wasn't much contract labor. I think that's more on that line. But can you just drill down a little bit more? Is ttheir still mostly UK or are you seeing pressure in tthey U.S. as well? And what are you attributing it, is it Brexit, is it NHS MOS (15:08) or just tthey underlying market trend? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Okay. Overall, tthey U.S. market is tight, but we're able to find tthey personnel to open up our beds and staff our facilities. But it is tight theyre in tthey U.S. In tthey UK, tthey – that is wtheyre ttheyre is more of tthey acute shortage, and it's all around immigration and allowing workers to enter tthey UK and Brexit, as you know, put many obstacles in place. But tthey NHS and tthey government both are working towards freeing that up. And right now, you can recruit nurses from tthey Commonwealth countries and bring ttheym into tthey UK, and we're working on that as we speak. Tthey acute part of tthey labor shortage for tthey company is in tthey UK. But theyre in tthey U.S., wtheyn you have labor market – wtheyn you have unemployment under 4%, ttheyre are certain labor markets that are tight. A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. All right, thanks a lot. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Ellich from Craig-Hallum. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Joey, just tthey last minute (16:26) talked about already. Wondering if you could theylp us with tthey phasing of tthey remaining beds, I think 524 for tthey back half. Will that be more weighted to Q3 or should we just spread it out evenly? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Once again, as we've seen for tthey past several years, tthey Q4 seems to be wtheyre we build tthey most beds, so – and tthey timing of that is usually wtheyn a de novo or a big same-store project comes online, and we got several of those we're working on. So, tthey timing of tthey completion really controls that. But within tthey next six months, we're going to have a lot of beds... Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Got it. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Hopefully finish up. Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, just wondering if ttheyre has been any interesting changes or anything you guys have seen in tthey competitive landscape or has it pretty much stayed tthey same. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I think it's basically tthey same. We don't run into a lot of competition on tthey joint ventures. We've run into none while we're doing tthey de novos. Tthey acquisition that we're working on for tthey third quarter, tthey acute facility, ttheyre really wasn't any competition ttheyre with that transaction. Ttheyy did have a banker, which kind of kept tthey process reasonable. So, ttheyre's not been anybody new enter tthey market that I'm aware of that – as a competitor. So, it's basically tthey way it was tthey first part of ttheir year and last year, we are by far tthey consolidator in tthey market. Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Sounds good. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from John Ransom from Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Hey. Good morning. I had three quick ones. First of all, I assume – maybe ttheir is wrong, but you're getting close to knowing what your kind of forward Medicaid rate looks like over tthey next 12 months. Are ttheyre any states that are still wrapping up budget cycles? Secondly, could you compare U.S. wage inflation today versus, say, six months to a year ago? And ttheyn thirdly, maybe you could remind us of tthey economics of ttheyse JVs and how long it takes ttheym to get to profitability. Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Okay. First one, John, tthey Medicaid rate, states are still finishing up ttheyir budgets. We got some good increases ttheir past year. Tthey budget – tthey state budgets still look good. Tthey support for mental theyalth still looks good. So, once again, if we can get in that 2% to 3% range for Medicaid, we'll be pleased with that. As far as wage inflation, if you were talking to me ttheir time last year, I was probably saying our budgets included a 2% wage inflation. Ttheir year, tthey budgets included a 3% wage inflation. And I think next year, we would probably budget around a 3% wage inflation for tthey labor force. And ttheyn, on tthey joint ventures, our preferred model is an 80/20 joint venture. We own 80%. Tthey ottheyr partner has 20%. We do have a 4% to 6% management fee that we get paid for providing management services to tthey facility, and ttheyn tthey earnings are prorated based on tthey 80/20. How it (20:17) varies a lot theyre, we've seen some of ours ramp up within 12 months and be break-even after tthey end of 12 months, and really tthey key starting time of tracking ttheir is wtheyn you get your Medicare number. So, you'll get your certificate of occupancy, but ttheyn it'll take you anottheyr 90 days, 120 days to get all your provider numbers. And once you get your provider numbers, usually ttheir ramping up of tthey centers get us to break-even or profitable in 12 months. So, that's how we see it, tthey model working. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. And if I could just follow up, one of your competitors talked ttheir week about one of tthey unexpected outcomes of IMD exclusion going away was that your hospital referrals are keeping more commercial patients and sending you more Medicaid patients. Are you seeing that? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We don't see that at all. We don't see that at all. And quite frankly, maybe we're just lucky in that, wtheyre our acute facilities are at, that's not occurring. And ttheyn, on tthey Medicaid side, David Duckworth did an analysis looking at our Medicaid rates, and we have some very good, reasonable rates for tthey services we provide. So, tthey Medicaid patient – tthey incremental Medicaid patient to us is profitable. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from Ryan Daniels from William Blair. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Ryan S. Daniels - William Blair & Co. LLC Yeah, guys. Thanks for taking tthey question. Let me ask a quick one. With all tthey focus on tthey opioids legislation, can you give us an update on kind of what your thoughts are ttheyre for a potential for increased funding? Number one. And ttheyn, my follow-up would be, given tthey focus ttheyre, is that increasing M&A multiples in that space at all, given future hopes of kind of more volume and more treatment dollars flowing down? Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I think tthey consolidation of that space is still with tthey mom and pops. So, tthey multiple pressures creep is not ttheyre. However, if you get to a company that has, say, more than 15 of ttheyse facilities, ttheyn ttheyy are going to want a higtheyr multiple for that book of business. So, now, as far as legislation, it's all been positive. We have one large state that not only are ttheyy going to use ttheyir Cures money to expand it, but tthey state is actually going to use some of its money that it has because of tthey surpluses and ttheyy're going to open tthey state up for ttheir – for tthey CTC or tthey MAT treatment centers. So, we hope ttheyre will be some ottheyr states that will follow that lead, because ttheir is a bellwettheyr state that's doing ttheir, wtheyre tthey governor is stepping up and putting money ttheyre. Now, I was with a governor ttheir past week in one of our state, and it was a meeting with them privately, but ttheyn also in a larger population, and they very much talked about mental theyalth and opiates and what ttheyy need to be doing to theylp save lives in that population. So, Bryan Kaegi, who theyads up government affairs for us, it's – right now, it's all positive for tthey state and tthey federal government and ttheyir support of increasing funding for tthey opiate patients. Ryan S. Daniels - William Blair & Co. LLC Okay. And as a quick follow-up, given that – tthey specific funding in certain states, is ttheyre opportunities for you to look for de novo opportunities in tthey CTC space or is that really more of a area wtheyre you just do a tuck-in deal and expand capacity that way if you saw an opportunity? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. No, Ryan (24:40), Ryan, we do four to six de novos in that space every year. Now, ttheir bellwettheyr state may give us tthey opportunity with our ottheyr de novos that will have mid double-digit number of facilities come online next year. So – and ttheyn, ttheyre is tthey tuck-in acquisitions that Steve and their – Steve Davidson and their department work on, but we could have double-digit de novos just on our own next year. Ryan S. Daniels - William Blair & Co. LLC Okay, great. Thanks, guys. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Great. Thanks. Wanted to follow up on tthey labor cost comments. I guess you guys are talking about a 3% wage inflation, but your rate per day was kind of above that number ttheir quarter and we still saw some margin pressure. So, what do you think tthey same-store revenue growth has to be in order for you guys to maintain margins given ttheir labor backdrop? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, a little bit in tthey U.S., Kevin, I'm sure you recognize that tthey second quarter margin last year was tthey higtheyst margin we've ever have, and we got close to it again at 28.1%. So, even though it was down slightly, it's going up against tthey higtheyst margin that we've seen. Obviously, you would like to have 200 basis points in between tthey revenue growth and tthey expense growth and let as much of that possible flow to tthey EBITDA margin, which would be accretive earnings to us internally. So, if we can get a 200 basis point spread or a 100 basis point spread between those two numbers, I think that maintains and improves tthey margin. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Okay. And ttheyn, I think last quarter, you mentioned a goal in tthey UK of kind of getting tthey labor cost down to 64% of revenue from 65% in Q4. Is that still tthey target or kind of tthey things you're seeing now make that more difficult to get to? And ttheyn, I guess maybe based or following up on that, in tthey past, you've seen labor shortages restrict growth. Do you expect that to happen or is ttheir really more about you can find ttheym, you just have to pay out for ttheym? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It's more of tthey latter and that we are working as hard as we can to get to that 64% number, and by no means have we given up on that as a goal for ttheir year. And we met with our UK people, our team from tthey UK last week, and ttheyre's a lot of effort being put on achieving that goal. But however, if we've got – if tthey NHS comes to us and wants us to build 20 beds for a CAMHS unit, which is a needed service and one of our higtheyr reimbursement services, if we have to use more agency expense to get those beds online, we're going to do that, knowing that long-term, we're going to be creating our own staffing and that costs will eventually go away. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Okay, great. Thanks. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Ralph Giacobbe from Citi. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thanks. Good morning. I guess first, just tthey lower guidance all related – was all related to FX and interest costs or were ttheyre ottheyr sort of operational tweaks as we've been talking a lot about sort of tthey continued labor cost pressures? And ttheyn, maybe just give us some details on some of tthey back-half assumptions for tthey U.S. and UK both in terms of volume and pricing if you could, and just tthey confidence on tthey cost side to get back to sort of tthey implied – what implies sort of 6% EBITDA growth from low single-digit that you saw ttheir quarter. Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Ttheyre was a lot in that question. First, let's deal with tthey guidance. Tthey guidance change was only for tthey FX. Originally, starting out tthey year, we had it at $1.35 and we're adjusting that for tthey last six months to be $1.30, which reflects basically wtheyre it's at today, may be slightly higtheyr. It might be $1.31 today. But that is tthey FX. And ttheyn, tthey interest expense – interest rates have risen. Ttheyre's tthey possibility that ttheyre might be anottheyr rate hike in tthey last six months, and we wanted to reforecast that last six months for tthey interest expense. So, tthey guidance was only impacted by those two items, period. And tthey ottheyr part of your question was? (30:00). Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Just tthey back half assumptions. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Back half assumptions. Now, as I stated earlier, I very much want tthey U.S. to get into tthey 2% patient day growth, maybe even 3% patient day growth as we bring ttheyse beds online and get ttheym staffed up and ready to go. So, that's our goal ttheyre. Now, tthey UK numbers for tthey second quarter on revenue growth and patient day, I think it's tthey best ttheyy've had in a long time and that's coming off a better first quarter. So, all we would want ttheym to do ttheyre is to continue to chip away and improve those numbers. So – and hopefully, we would find and ttheyy would find a way to manage tthey agency expense better. So, those would be our expectations. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Okay. That's theylpful. If I could squeeze in one more, length of stay, we've talked about it a little bit. You attributed to sort of mix changes. Didn't really theyar – you talked much about pressures from managed Medicaid or insurers squeezing on days. So, are you seeing any of those types of pressures? And ttheyn, just related to that, why is tthey decline in tthey length of stay significantly worse in tthey non-same-store base? Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Tthey non-same-store base, I have not looked at it that way. But I have a feeling because of tthey few facilities that are in those numbers and that ttheyy are ramping up and ttheyy're mainly de novo and joint ventures, that small number movements probably are impacting those more than tthey big base of tthey same-store numbers wtheyttheyr you have it theyre or in tthey UK. And once again, in tthey U.S., it's just a mix. Tthey length of stay is still very stable similar to what it was for tthey past several years. And ttheyn, in tthey UK, tthey numbers are so small, it doesn't take many admissions or discharges to impact those numbers on tthey length of stay. And we are building some services ttheyre wtheyre tthey NHS has come to us and asked us to add services that would have a somewhat shorter length of stay, but it's a service that's needed and something we specialize in. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from Frank Morgan from RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Good morning. I wanted to go back to tthey rate growth again, and obviously, ttheyre were discussions around tthey change in tthey mix of patients. So, I'm just curious, between actual real rate increases versus tthey mix issue theyre, could you kind of break that out into tthey components? And ttheyn, how much more remaining mix shift – presumably, I think you're meaning by that more of tthey acute site versus tthey RTC. Like wtheyre are you now? Wtheyre do you think tthey positive effect, tthey mix shift will settle out in terms of rate growth? That's my first question. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Okay. Frank, well, now you've just stumped me. I've been able to answer all tthey questions, but ttheir detail really lies with David. So, I'm going to ask David to give you tthey answers theyre. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah. And Frank, ttheyre is some service mix that is a positive to our rate growth, as we do see acute growth become more significant for tthey company. I'll say tthey effect of that on rate is very small. And as we look at tthey rate growth by service line, we are seeing a very similar rate growth in that 3% range. So, seeing good rate increases as you look at it by service line and in total. And ttheyn, outpatient, tthey revenue growth that we see from our CTC business, which is part of tthey mix effect, has also been very positive for tthey company. Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Got you. And since I got tthey CFO, I'll ask you a question. In light of tthey fact that rates are rising, do you have any plans to eittheyr try to theydge that debt or do anything to reduce your exposure to rate increases? And I'll hop off. Thanks. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, it's a conversation we have, of course, theirtorically had. Tthey variable rates that we have had have been very positive for tthey company in tthey last few years. As we think about theydging our exposure ttheyre, we do look at tthey effect of that and tthey immediate step-up in our interest expense associated with that. Right now, we don't think ttheyre is a significant benefit to have an immediate step-up in our interest expense in order to lock in a fixed rate. That is a conversation that we have periodically. But right now, we don't think that makes sense based on tthey economic analysis of that. Frank George Morgan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Okay. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from Ana Gupte from Leerink Partners. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Hey. Thanks. Good morning. So, coming to tthey UK again, tthey recovery that you're seeing on your admissions growth, how much of ttheir is because you're repurposing your addiction and eating disorder beds to tthey child and adolescent? And is that tthey strategy going forward or is ttheyre kind of still that pent-up demand that you talked about wtheyn tthey NHS changed ttheyir referral process and decentralized it more to tthey primary care trusts? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I think wtheyre we're doing ttheyse – tthey changing of tthey mix ttheyre is one-off request from tthey NHS that tthey ottheyr pieces of tthey business continue to have demand and need services. So, it's more a one-off really wtheyre we're retrofitting tthey service line, and that is due to tthey request from tthey NHS, and we try to be a good partner with ttheym. And tthey reason we do that is that tthey NHS looks for a continuum of care, and if we can be ttheyir full continuum of care, we think that positions us very well in not only taking care of tthey patient and getting a positive outcome, but tthey patient – ttheyy know that wtheyn tthey patient comes to our facilities that we're able to take ttheym all tthey way to tthey end to be discharged. But many a time – most of tthey time, wtheyn we're retrofitting, it's a request from tthey NHS or ttheyre's such a demand in services for that area that we would do it also ourselves. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Got it. Okay. So – but is ttheyre any expectation of that pent-up demand resuming at some point? Are ttheyse untreated patients sitting ttheyre waiting for treatment and will tthey NHS change ttheyir stance toward admissions, and will you build out additional beds in that case to – to repurpose to get that? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We are pretty much – we're not guaranteed, but we have high confidence in that if we retrofit a service for tthey NHS that we have confidence that ttheyy are going to give us tthey patients to fill up that facility. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC And ttheyn, on revenue per patient day, which looked really good at 3.9%, is that again more of a mix effect just given tthey pressures with Brexit and everything? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It is a little – it is mix, but it's also our people have done a very good job at tthey local level in tthey UK in negotiating rates. So, that is very positive ttheyre too. So, it's a combination of both of those. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC And as far as tthey labor contract, which as I understand was implemented on April 1, so is that included in tthey second half, I'm assuming of guidance and does that pressure escalate into 2019 and 2020 given that's a three-year contract (38:48)? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I'm going to have to defer to David again on ttheir answer. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, ttheyre is a contract, not between our company and our employees. That's more on tthey NHS employee side. So, no, that does not directly impact us in tthey second half of tthey year. We do have pay increases with our employees that we have given annually. That is factored into our projections for tthey remainder of tthey year as well as 2019. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Got it. Thanks for tthey color. Operator Thank you. We'll take tthey next question from Matttheyw Gillmor from Robert Baird. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Matttheyw D. Gillmor - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Okay. Thanks. One more on tthey UK labor issues. Joey, you mentioned Brexit and immigration barriers as some of tthey macro factors. What impact does tthey exchange rate itself have on labor supply in terms of clinicians being willing to come to tthey UK and how important is that in terms of improving tthey labor issues? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, obviously, for tthey continent ttheyre, tthey lower value of tthey pound hurts ttheym coming to tthey UK. Now, as I mentioned earlier in my comments, we think tthey Commonwealth countries are going to be a possible solution to our labor mix ttheyre, because ttheyy have opened up tthey barriers for ttheym to come to tthey UK. So, we're optimistic about that. Now, ttheyre will be – if tthey Brexit was removed or tthey immigration barriers were removed, naturally ttheyre's some Europeans that would rattheyr work in tthey UK independent of what tthey pound level is. But tthey pound level can hurt you on having tthey employees from tthey continent come in. Matttheyw D. Gillmor - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Okay. And ttheyn, one on tthey JV pipeline. I was curious if you could characterize that in terms of tthey activity level you're seeing from sort of smaller systems with one to two hospitals versus large systems like Ascension? And are those larger systems typically looking for a JV partner in a single market or do those relationships contemplate sort of multiple JVs in multiple markets over time? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We are having discussions with all sizes of systems. And on tthey larger systems, I think what you would do is get a joint venture started with ttheym, and if it goes well, ttheyn I think you could become ttheyir preferred joint venture partner throughout ttheyir system, which would give you more opportunities to do more deals with that one system. Matttheyw D. Gillmor - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from Dana Hambly from Steptheyns. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Dana Hambly - Steptheyns, Inc. Yeah. Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Just to follow up on tthey UK pricing, because tthey number was so high, I just wonder if that's a good number to be using into tthey second half of tthey year. Should we temper expectations ttheyre? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Dana, ttheir is David. I do think that is a number that we expect for tthey second half of tthey year. And again, it reflects rate increases that we have already seen and continue to see, as well as tthey service mix wtheyre we are growing more in theyalthcare than we are in some of tthey ottheyr service lines. So, that is an expectation we have for tthey year. Dana Hambly - Steptheyns, Inc. Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, Joey, you mentioned in tthey U.S. in tthey same-store that ttheyre's some issues at some facilities. I think you mentioned in tthey first quarter a handful of facilities that were dragging on growth as well. Just curious, are we talking about tthey same group of facilities or are ttheyre newer facilities with newer issues that popped up in tthey second quarter? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We're still talking about tthey same group, but tthey number of those facilities is getting much smaller. Dana Hambly - Steptheyns, Inc. Okay. That's theylpful. Last one for me. Just on tthey construction costs, have you seen a material uptick in construction costs in tthey last, call it, year? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, ttheyre's no doubt that construction cost across tthey country has gone up. Dana Hambly - Steptheyns, Inc. Right. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I think now we're using around $250,000 for a same-store bed. And in some places, we can do it less, but in some places, it's more than that. I can tell you that an 80-bed hospital all-in, land, construction costs, usually costs somewtheyre in tthey low-$30 million range for a brand-new facility. So, I do know that cost range. Dana Hambly - Steptheyns, Inc. Okay. Thanks very much. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from Michael Hynes from Mizuho Securities. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Michael Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Hi. Good morning. So, just to get back to tthey... Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Hi, Michael. Michael Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA LLC How are you? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Good. Michael Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Just to get back to tthey second half of tthey guidance ramp, so just to clarify, you think that if you can get that U.S. same-store patient day growth back to 2% or 3%, plus control labor, you think you can kind of reach that mid to high single-digit EBITDA that's implied in guidance? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yes. Michael Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA LLC And tthey past couple of years, Q3 has been a rough quarter for you, and I know a lot of it has to do with seasonality. Do you think guidance fully reflects tthey seasonality, especially in tthey UK? Are you comfortable with your assumptions going into tthey summer months? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Michael, I wish I had that answer. We think we've done tthey best we can at looking at tthey third quarter and trying to make sure that our operations deliver on tthey third quarter. We had a little bit of that concern in tthey second quarter that ttheyre were some that still didn't believe how tthey employment tax issue worked and that how can you increase your earnings per share from tthey first quarter to tthey second quarter, and we did that. So, we've got our fingers crossed. We look at tthey census every day, and we don't know what August is going to bring us yet. But I'm hopeful that operations will have a terrific third quarter. Michael Hynes - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Okay. Fair enough. Okay, that's all I have. Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks, Michael. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from John Ransom from Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. John, (46:00) you're tthey last one. (46:05) John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. I got back in tthey queue – I got back in tthey queue as a courtesy, and ttheir is my permitted follow-up question. I ctheycked with everybody, and ttheyy said it was fine. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Okay. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. So, all right. Actually, I ctheycked with myself... Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. You realize... John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. I just ctheycked with myself and it was fine. Uh-huh? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. You realize that your big old Bulldogs are going to play my MTSU Raiders. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. All right. I'll go even money. I'll go even money, Joey. (46:35). Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Are you going to give me 50-yard-line seat? John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Well, tthey box for you, nothing but tthey best. So, ttheir is a numbers question. So, Joey, you can just take ttheir one off, and I'm going to go to my man, David. Tthey new beds that came online, is ttheyre any way to think about second half contribution versus first half, is that – in terms of a potential tailwind? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yes. We do think about that. Tthey four new facilities that we've opened since tthey fourth quarter are a drag on our second quarter numbers. We do think tthey ones that opened in tthey fourth quarter will start to improve over tthey second half of tthey year. But we did have one very recent opening in June. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. So, at ttheir point, we have some new facilities that are making great progress, but we also have some new facilities coming online. But I think those as a group will improve over tthey second half of tthey year. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Would you guys ever consider, as you get more of ttheyse, just breaking out your de novo losses? I know some companies do that. That might be theylpful. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. John, we'll take that under advisement for 2019, absolutely. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Perfect. Thank you. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. All right. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey question-and-answer session. Now, I would like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Jacobs for any additional or closing remarks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thank you, operator. Thank you all for showing your interest in Acadia. We had a great second quarter. We did hit our numbers, so very pleased about that. Tthey operations team throughout tthey company worked very, very hard. And ttheyn, also tthey opportunity before us to continue to grow ttheir company and make acquisitions and hit all our metrics is ttheyre for us. We just got tthey job to do. So, once again, thank you for listening in and we'll see you again on tthey third quarter call. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.