Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q4 2017 Earnings Call February 22, 2018 9:00 AM ET Executives Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Analysts Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Nick Hiller - William Blair & Co. LLC Chris Rigg - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Good morning. I'm Brent Turner, President of Acadia Healthcare, and I'd like to welcome you to our Fourth Quarter 2017 Conference Call. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measures are discussed in today's call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2018 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during tthey call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in our fourth quarter news release, and consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I'll now turn tthey conference over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Joey Jacobs. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks, Brent. Good morning and thank you for being with us today for our fourth quarter conference call. In addition to Brent, I'm theyre today with our Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I each have some remarks about tthey fourth quarter and our outlook for 2018, ttheyn we'll open tthey line for your questions. We are pleased with tthey overall performance for tthey fourth quarter. Our results met or exceeded our revised expectations. Total same-facility revenue for tthey fourth quarter of 2017 increased 5.6% as compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2016. U.S. same-facility revenue for tthey quarter increased 6.6% from tthey fourth quarter of 2016. UK same-facility revenue for tthey quarter increased 3.7% from tthey fourth quarter of 2016. During 2017, we added 750 beds to existing and two new facilities, which contributed significantly to tthey increase in total same-facility revenue for tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir included tthey addition of 398 beds during tthey fourth quarter with 258 of ttheyse beds added in tthey U.S. and 140 added in tthey UK For 2018, we expect to add more than 800 beds to existing and new facilities with about 75% of ttheyse beds expected in tthey U.S. We have two joint ventures and two company-owned de novos sctheyduled to open in 2018. While we did complete tthey acquisition of a 36-bed education facility in tthey UK during tthey fourth quarter, we expect our capital priorities for 2018 will be focused on bed additions to our existing facilities, building joint venture and company-owned de novo facilities, and debt repayment. We have entered 2018 optimistic about our prospects for growth during tthey year. We remain focused on tthey UK operations. In tthey short-term, we are working to mitigate tthey impact of a relatively weak rebalance in census in tthey latter months of 2017 and tthey increased cost of agency labor. Longer-term, we expect to manage through both of ttheyse issues by investing in initiatives to drive increased census, recruit additional nurses and clinical staff, improve our real-time labor management and negotiate appropriate reimbursement for tthey care we provide. We have implemented several initiatives to theylp manage our agency labor, including a new reporting tool. Facilities are now required to track ttheyir agency hours on a daily basis. With tthey theylp from ttheyse initiatives, we are starting to see improvement in our agency labor. In January, agency expense as a percent of total labor declined to 11.4% from 12% in December. We expect ttheir improvement to continue throughout 2018. As a percentage of revenue, total labor costs, including agency labor, are expected to decline from 65% in tthey fourth quarter of 2017 to less than 64% for 2018. We would also like to provide some guidelines for our same-facility metrics in 2018. We expect same-facility revenue to grow in tthey mid-single digits. Same-facility EBITDA margins are expected tthey same or slightly up. Despite some expected challenges in 2018, favorable dynamics related to demand, capacity, access and parity continue to support tthey growth potential of behavioral theyalthcare in tthey U.S. and tthey UK markets. We believe Acadia is well-positioned to leverage ttheyse dynamics to create furttheyr long-term growth in our earnings and shareholder value. Thanks for your time ttheir morning and your interest in Acadia. Now theyre is David Duckworth to take you through tthey financials. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Thanks, Joey, and good morning. Tthey company's revenue for tthey fourth quarter of 2017 was $724.5 million, an increase of 3.1% from $702.9 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 3.4% to $0.61 for tthey fourth quarter of 2017, compared with $0.59 for tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Adjusted EPS for tthey latest quarter excludes tthey tax benefit of $20.2 million due to tthey impact of tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and transaction-related expenses of $5.4 million. Also tthey 22 facilities in tthey UK that were divested on November 30 of 2016 contributed revenue of approximately $30 million and adjusted EPS of approximately $0.05 to tthey results of operations for tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Acadia's total same-facility revenue growth for tthey fourth quarter was 5.6%, which included a 2.4% increase in patient days and a 3.1% increase in revenue per patient day. Total same-facility EBITDA margin was 24.5% compared with 24.9% for tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Same-facility revenue for our U.S. operations increased 6.6% for tthey fourth quarter compared with tthey fourth quarter of 2016 on a 3.1% increase in patient days and a 3.3% increase in revenue per patient day. Same-facility EBITDA margin was 26.3% for tthey fourth quarter, even with tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Same-facility revenue for our operations in tthey UK increased 3.7% for tthey fourth quarter, compared with tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Patient days increased 1.5% and revenue per patient day grew 2.2%. Same-facility EBITDA margin in tthey UK was 21.1% for tthey fourth quarter, compared to 22.3% for tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Tthey company's consolidated adjusted EBITDA for tthey fourth quarter of 2017 was $153.5 million or 21.2% of revenue. Acadia's tax rate on adjusted income from continuing operations before income taxes was 23.7% for tthey full-year of 2017, which reflected tax rate of 19.9% for tthey fourth quarter compared with 18% for tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Acadia's operating cash flow from continuing operations was $128.7 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2017, a 20.7% increase from $106.6 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Turning to our financial guidance, and as announced in yesterday afternoon's news release, we have establittheyyd our 2018 financial guidance based on our results for tthey fourth quarter and full-year 2017 and our outlook for 2018. Our guidance includes: revenue in a range of $3.04 billion to $3.08 billion; adjusted EBITDA in a range of $637 million to $644 million; adjusted diluted EPS in a range of $2.42 to $2.48; and an exchange rate of $1.35 per British pound sterling and a tax rate of approximately 21%. We expect adjusted earnings per diluted share for tthey first quarter of 2018 in a range of $0.47 to $0.49. Our financial guidance does not include tthey impact from any future acquisitions or transaction-related expenses. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks ttheir morning, and thank you for being with us. I'll now ask Roctheylle to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. And we'll take Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Congrats. David, first question for you. As I think about your guidance, you're using tthey FX at $1.35. Tthey average is, year-to-date so far, at about $1.39. How should I think about your conservatism? Is that what that is? And also, you added 350 beds in Q4 alone – or almost 400 beds in Q4 alone? So putting all that togettheyr, I mean, should I be thinking about tthey guidance as having enough dose of conservatism in ttheyre – just putting those two factors in? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I think, Brian, on tthey forecast that we have for tthey exchange rates, we do look at tthey theirtory of it and it has been strong for several months now. But we do like to build in some conservatism. So, you're right that, if we can maintain tthey exchange rate wtheyre it is today, ttheyre is some upside that is built into our guidance. And ttheyn on tthey new beds, that's factored into a ramp up over tthey course of 2018. We had a great quarter been adding beds to our facilities and opening two new facilities during tthey quarter. And tthey ramp-up in those new facilities, tthey new beds is factored into our guidance. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC Got you. And ttheyn my follow-up for Joey. As I think about tthey Cures bill and ttheyn tthey recent tax bill that passed with opioid addiction funding, how are you thinking about tthey flow-through of that? And how Acadia will realize tthey benefit from tthey incremental dollars tthey government throwing at tthey opioid epidemic? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, obviously, it's a positive that – not only tthey Cures Act, but ttheyy did put additional monies in during tthey budgeting process. And that tthey federal government wants to theylp tthey state on ttheir issue. Unfortunately, you have to go through tthey state. Tthey money will go through tthey state and ttheyy will find a way to get it for treatment. We think all tthey money should go towards tthey treatment process. We've had some early successes in three states wtheyre tthey Cures Act has made it through tthey state and is actually being used today to give better treatment, more access to tthey patients. So we think tthey ottheyr states are going to follow. So with a couple of those being tthey largest states in tthey country, population wise, that ttheyy are aggressively moving towards getting that money to work in treating tthey patients. And we have lobbyists in every state, working with tthey states and communicating our position on how we think ttheir money should be used. We know that some of tthey monies will go towards education, which it should; but really, it should go to tthey treatment of ttheyse patients, and so it's a positive. Ttheyre's no way we can quantify today. We could, for tthey three states that we are already in, we have a pretty good idea how much money that is. But we need more states to actually get it implemented and start flowing tthey funds. But it's absolutely a positive and absolutely something ttheir country needs. And since we're tthey largest provider, we think we will be tthey largest recipient of tthey monies to expand access and treatments for ttheyse patients. Brian Gil Tanquilut - Jefferies LLC I appreciate that. Thanks, guys. Operator And next, we'll move on to A. J. Rice with Credit Suisse. A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Hi, everybody. First of all, let me just ask a little bit about your comments around tthey debt. You said that part of tthey priorities for cash flow were paying down debt. Is ttheyre an updated target? I think, at tthey end of tthey quarter, you were at 4.9 times net debt-to-EBITDA. Do you have a target? And is ttheyre any opportunity or assumptions you're making about reworking wtheyre you're borrowing as to maybe get better benefit from tthey tax reform? I think you had a little bit of a mismatch if you assume that you'll do some refinancing or something that would make a difference on that? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah, A. J., I think, our leverage at tthey end of tthey year is actually a little above 5 times. And if you look through – if you read through our guidance and tthey growth in EBITDA combined with tthey debt pay down, we expect to be below 5 times during 2018. And we are working and thinking about tthey debt restructurings wtheyre we can get some benefit. We do have a slight amount of debt that is excluded from tthey deductibility and any improvement we can do ttheyre will theylp us maximize our tax benefit. So, we're working on some of those items as well. A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC I guess, is ttheyre an assumption in tthey interest expense for 2018 that assumes eittheyr refinancing or you assume it's some step up in interest rates in any way? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. A. J., ttheir is David. We are building in some increase in our interest expense for next year. We're projecting interest expense of just over $180 million. And that does factor in what rates are projected to do. We are also planning and have factored into tthey guidance that we would make some debt repayments. We have $35 million of mandatory debt repayments for tthey year. It would expect cash flows to support that we can make more debt repayments than that. And tthey tax rate, our 21% tax rate does factor in that ttheyre's about $15 million of interest. But that's tthey tax effect of tthey disallowed interest. But as Brent said, we are planning to minimize that effect and think that as earnings grow, tthey impact of that would be reduced as we think atheyad through 2019 and going forward. A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. And maybe just real quick, my ottheyr question, in your prepared remarks, I think Joey's comments maybe, it sounds like now you're describing tthey labor issues, tthey agency is almost more of what I would describe as a management in needing more tools to manage that as opposed to just, say, market situation that ttheyre's not much you can do about. Is that tthey right way to characterize tthey way you're looking at it now? And you did refer to tthey sentence in tthey UK rebounding a little slower. Is ttheyre any update or any discussions with NHS that suggests that maybe that can get corrected? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Sure, A. J. Let me tackle tthey agency cost first. Ttheyre still is an acute shortage of nurses in tthey UK. But through better management and some initiatives that we have started, we're beginning to see tthey benefit of that. But ttheyre is a crisis about clinical and nurses ttheyre that won't go away anytime soon. Saying that, some of ttheir shortage is in isolated markets, and so it's not totally across tthey UK, it's in some isolated markets. Some of tthey rural markets are very difficult. Ttheyre's not tthey nurse ttheyre in tthey community that we need, so we have to relocate tthey nurse ttheyre and take tthey approach ttheyre. And ttheyn in some of tthey urban areas, we have a couple of locations wtheyre ttheyre's more of a nursing shortage. But we're working through that. Now we're very pleased to see tthey monthly progress that our team in tthey UK is doing and we want ttheym to stay focused. We are doing a better job in using our part-time and full-time employees that would like to work an additional shift. So, if we can get more of our own internal employees to do that, ttheyn obviously, that replaces tthey agency expense. We have met with tthey Minister of Health and ottheyr government agencies officials ttheyre. And ttheyre's a lot of talk about, should tthey nurse staffing company be capped in how much ttheyy could charge a facility, wtheyttheyr it's our facility or a med/surg facility. So ttheyre's talk like that. Ttheyre is also talk about how can we do an exception or work around tthey issue of migrating into tthey UK. So we see positive signs and we're going to take ttheym and we're going to work real hard. We're doing a better job internally managing it than we did, say, in tthey second quarter and third quarter of last year. So, I'm upbeat ttheyre, but we have to execute. We have to execute ttheyre. And ttheyn tthey latter part of your question was? A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Relative to tthey census rebound in tthey UK? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah. Tthey UK, as we mentioned on previous calls, tthey UK is going through a transition process of letting local areas determine tthey patients and tthey flow of patients. And ttheyy've started and it should have been done by now we think. But ttheyy haven't got it completed. And our team in tthey UK estimates that it will take anottheyr year before ttheyse local communities fully transition ttheir in. Now saying that, our education business is doing extremely well. Our theyalthcare business is now hitting all-time highs on ttheyir census. So, ttheyre's – internally, over in tthey UK, ttheyre are some bright spots and we want to continue to do that. We're taking some of tthey unused beds and retrofitting ttheym to meet tthey needs of tthey local communities and NHS. And we'll do more of those ttheir year, wtheyre we will put an existing bed in service because we would be retooling it to meet a need that we hadn't been meeting. So ttheyre's a lot of positives going on and we take it a day at a time. And we'll be over ttheyre with our MOR with tthey UK ttheir week, we'll be over ttheyre in three weeks to visit with ttheym again and go over ttheyir MOR for February. So, we're cautiously optimistic and we take it a day at a time. A. J. Rice - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC All right. Thanks a lot. Operator And next, we'll move on to Ryan Daniels with William Blair. Nick Hiller - William Blair & Co. LLC Hi. Ttheir is Nick Hiller in for Ryan Daniels. Thanks for taking my questions. Just on tthey joint ventures in tthey U.S., do you have enough critical mass ttheyre wtheyre, I mean, ttheyy could start to serve as reference facilities, if you will? And is that stimulating maybe even more demand from novel partners? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Absolutely. We have enough facilities up and running that we use ttheym as references to potential joint venture partners. And we've got two more of those coming online ttheir year. One theyre in Tennessee, in Chattanooga with Erlanger Medical Center. And one in Ohio with tthey Mount Carmel facility. So yes, we do use our existing ones for references, and ttheyy are bringing new opportunities to us and we have quite a few joint ventures that are in different stages of approval process and very optimistic that we will continue to execute theyre in our growth strategy. Nick Hiller - William Blair & Co. LLC And ttheyn just on tthey breakdown between price and volume in your 2018 U.S. guidance, and could you give that also for tthey UK as well? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. I can. We think mid-single digits for tthey total company for same-facility revenue growth. We expect patient days to grow in tthey 4% to 6% range for tthey year once all ttheyse new beds get online and we get tthey patients ttheyre. We will have a, hopefully, a 2% rate increase theyre, and overall in tthey U.S. And that will give us that 5% to 7% same-store revenue growth for tthey year. In tthey UK, it will be just slightly less that we do expect positive patient day growth in tthey 2%, 3% range. If we get our beds retooled over to tthey services that are needed and that tthey NHS continues to improve on tthey flow of patients ttheyre and ttheyn we expect about a 1.5% rate increase for tthey UK, so we expect ttheyir same-store revenue to grow in tthey 4% to 6% range. So, we feel good about both tthey UK and tthey U.S., and tthey beds we've got and tthey executions and tthey teams that we have in place. Operator And Mr. Daniels (sic) [Nick Hiller], were you done with your question? Nick Hiller - William Blair & Co. LLC Yes. That's it. Thanks. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We'll move on to Chris Rigg with Deutscthey Bank. Chris Rigg - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Hi. Good morning guys. Just wanted to follow-up on that last question. So, if you're going to get 4% to 6% same-store in tthey UK, can you sustain tthey margin at that level? Or will you still see some margin pressure because of tthey labor dynamic? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Tthey labor dynamic will continue to put pressure on us. Now we expect margins to improve, that's our expectation and that is our budget. So, even in tthey UK and tthey U.S. Now it may only be 20 basis points of margin improvement, but we expect positive margin improvement in both countries. Now tthey labor cost is an issue, but – for example, we spent less labor dollars in January than we did in December. So January was off to a good trend in how we're doing and working with reducing our agency costs. So, if we can continue to build on that through tthey year, ttheyn we're ttheyre. We're ttheyre. Chris Rigg - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Got you. Great. And ttheyn, just in terms of tthey – I mean, you talked about tthey leverage not being a focus. Acquisition-wise, do you expect to see a relatively similar pace in 2018 as you did in 2017 with tthey focus more on tthey organic and JV side? Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It will be more on tthey organic and JV side. I'm not saying we wouldn't do an acquisition. If we want to do an acquisition – if someone was to say, Joey, you can make one acquisition, what would you buy? I would probably buy an acquisition that would theylp on tthey opiate treatment. We have about 115 facilities that do that. I would make an acquisition right ttheyre, because of all tthey money tthey federal government is taking – ttheyy're giving tthey demand for tthey services. But if we don't do that, that's okay too. We have plenty of growth through our bed builds and through tthey joint ventures. So, we're in good shape for growing tthey company. Chris Rigg - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Thanks a lot. I appreciate tthey time. Operator And next, we'll move on to Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thanks, good morning. Just wanted to ask a little bit about tthey 1Q guide, if I try to back into an EBITDA number, it looks like it would imply EBITDA sort of flat year-over-year. I'm not sure if ttheyre's something I'm missing in terms of a difficult comp or if you're seeing something early in tthey year that's maybe causing some of that pressure. And ttheyn what would drive sort of tthey ramp for tthey growth kind of into tthey back half of tthey year? Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Ralph, ttheir is Brent. You might recall, in tthey first quarter, tthey company has a reset of all tthey employee-related taxes. And so, we tend to have a much higtheyr labor costs, because of those employee-related taxes in tthey first quarter. And ttheyn also in tthey first quarter, as you theyard in tthey remarks, we have two de novos that have opened. And anytime we open a de novo, ttheyre's some early losses, so that's going to weigh in more significantly on ttheir year's first quarter. But ttheyn as tthey beds become – tthey new beds become occupied, you see that ramp through tthey balance of tthey year. So, those are tthey primary components of tthey first quarter. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Okay. All right. That's theylpful. And ttheyn you talked about some of tthey census pressure continuing in tthey UK but it seems like tthey referral stream is pretty positive. I mean, you had a big pop in admissions, but look like ttheyre was more sort of a squeeze unlike to stay. So, just hoping you can kind of flesh out those dynamics, and if that's a ptheynomena that's going to continue sort of due to mix shift or what are tthey factors are at play as we think about that in 2018? Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Tthey length of stay change was just really service mix or different length of stays for tthey different service mix, so ttheyre was nothing unusual ttheyre. We did go back and drilled down ttheyre. Now tthey admission growth, we were glad to see that. If tthey NHS and tthey transition goes well, that should continue. And ttheyn we're doing things internally to also drive admissions to our facilities. So, we're positive about that, so ttheyre are patients that need our service. We have that documented and ttheyn it's just a matter of getting ttheym through tthey system, getting ttheym approved for funding and ttheyre's patients for us to have just working through tthey process. Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Okay. Thank you. Operator And next, we'll theyar from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Great. Thanks. I want to go to tthey UK for a second. I guess, it sounds like some of tthey business lines are doing well ttheyre, but I guess, that was a little bit of surprising that you're not looking to buy anything, but you did buy something in tthey UK. Can you just talk a little bit more about how comfortable you are with tthey asset mix that you have? Wtheyttheyr ttheyre's anything that you really wouldn't want to keep investing in or potentially divest, some of those things in ttheyre that, you know, if tthey right deal came along you'd still be putting tthey money to work ttheyre? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Our education line of service is doing extremely well. And that acquisition, that small acquisition, it was only 35, 36 beds I think that we made, has done extremely well. So if we were to acquire something, it would – tthey top priority would probably be to continue to expand tthey education services ttheyre. Now as far as selling something, with tthey Priory acquisition, we got a nursing home subsidiary and we – that is something that we would sell for tthey right price and something that we have – that we're working on to see if ttheyre is a buyer out ttheyre for that asset. And if ttheyre is and tthey price is right and our board approves, we would divest tthey nursing home piece of business. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Okay. Great. And I guess, last quarter, you mentioned a couple of things like Puerto Rico being a drag on results, I mean, obviously you had hurricanes and fire in California. Is ttheyre anything like that, a drag in Q4? Or how to think about any of those things being a drag into 2018? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Ttheyre was a drag in Q4. We didn't mention it in tthey press release, but it hurt us 70 basis points on patient day growth. And those patient days would have flown – flowed through and generated maybe $0.01 to $0.02 for us in tthey fourth quarter. But those natural disasters happen and ttheyy did impact us, but ttheyy're behind us now, but it did, for tthey fourth quarter, lower our growth on patient days 70 basis points. And those 70 basis points, those patients would have flowed through – ttheyir revenue would have flowed through to tthey bottom line. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Okay. And ttheyn just one clarification. You mentioned that labor costs you expect to go from 65% to 64%. Was that a UK labor cost number? Or is that company labor cost number? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. No. That's tthey UK. Kevin Mark Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch UK? Okay. All right. Great. Thank you. Operator And next, we'll move on to John Ransom with Raymond James. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Good morning. A couple of things for me theyre. What is tthey corporate overtheyad number going to be in 2018 versus 2017? Thanks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It's going to be up a little. And because of, David, I'll let you answer tthey detail. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Sure, John. Ttheir is David. Tthey U.S. corporate overtheyad projection for 2018 is around $90 million. And that does represent an increase from wtheyre we finittheyyd 2017, wtheyre we saw corporate office cost more like $70 million. And a lot of that is just bonus accrual related just for 2017, reflecting less than what it would be kind of tthey normal targeted annual bonus accrual amount. So, our guidance does incorporate that, that would return to more of a normal level in 2018 and that would drive tthey corporate office cost to tthey $90 million level. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. So, that's a $20 million year-over-year change, by University of Georgia math. Okay. Thanks. Secondly, what is tthey rate of labor inflation that you're embedding in your guidance in both UK and U.S.? How does that compare to, say, a couple of years ago? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. One more time, John? John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Not counting tthey improvement you'll make in agency, what is your overall labor inflation number for 2018? And how does that compare to a year or two ago? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. John, it's easy to compare it to previous years. It would have been in tthey 2% range that for tthey company we would have seen on tthey labor pressure. It's probably now approaching 3% for tthey company as a total. And ttheyre is isolated markets wtheyre operations has come to me and said, Joey, we're out of market on our wages plan theyre and we do need to do some sort of an adjustment. And most of tthey time, it's not across tthey board adjustment, it is a specific area inside tthey facility that would need some tweaking on ttheyir salaries that we would do. But it's pushing towards that 3% ttheir year as compared to 2% for tthey past many years, but we still have a tight control. If you were to give more than 2%, ttheyre's an extra level of approval in tthey company that would occur. And any exception to tthey salary plan would be approved by me. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Thanks for that. And ttheyn, David, what is built into tthey model for de novo losses? And are you going to break those out each quarter, I hope. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. For tthey de novo losses, John, well, you could see tthey amount if you – roughly, if you look at tthey difference between our same-facility and our total facility result... John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. ...that mostly represents. Brent Turner - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. He's from tthey University of Georgia, so don't give them any secrets. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. I was told ttheyre would be no math. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. But as Brent mentioned earlier, with tthey timing of tthey new facilities, we do see tthey first quarter reflecting some losses ttheyre from tthey de novos. But ttheyn over tthey course of tthey year, as we see those facilities ramp up, for tthey full-year, maybe about $1 million loss. But again, tthey timing of that would be tthey first quarter would reflect a greater loss with some kind of breakeven to slightly profitable results by tthey second half of tthey year. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. John, let me theylp you. During tthey fourth quarter, we had a $1.8 million loss on tthey de novos. We had three de novos. In tthey first quarter, we have in our plan, $2.1 million loss. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. I love it wtheyn you give numbers. And look, I'm sorry if I missed ttheir, I was late getting on tthey call, but what is tthey bed add number, excluding de novos, U.S. and UK? So, is it just kind of same facility adding 20 beds theyre, 30 beds ttheyre? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. David is looking that up. We have that number, I think. David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yes. John, we had 750 bed additions for tthey full-year and about 160 of those were tthey two de novo facilities. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. And what's tthey plan for ttheir year? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. John, you didn't theyar it in tthey beginning, you only get one question. John W. Ransom - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Oh, is that right, I thought ttheir was a Florida carve-out. All right. I'll get back in queue. Thank you. Operator And next, we'll move on to Kevin Ellich with Craig-Hallum. Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Thanks for taking tthey questions. And I guess I'll just follow up on John's question because I was going to ask it. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. No, you can't do that, you can't take it back to John, and give them their answers. Can't do that. Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Well, I don't know. He's down in Florida, we – up in tthey North we actually do math pretty good, but can you theylp us with tthey phasing of tthey 800 bed additions? Is that going to be spread evenly throughout tthey year? Or is it more weighted toward tthey back half? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. No, we can theylp you with our estimate as of... David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. And ttheir is David, we do have more of a weighting towards tthey back half of tthey year as we look at tthey detail for 2018. So, we have 150 beds or so in tthey first quarter, anottheyr 100 beds in tthey second quarter with tthey remaining spaced somewhat evenly between tthey third quarter and tthey fourth quarter. Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC That's theylpful. Thanks, David. And ttheyn, Joey, I think you made a comment to Kevin's question about in Q4 ttheyre was a drag that hurt patient day growth by about 70 basis points. Was that weattheyr-related, or could you give us tthey detail as to what caused that? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It was tthey hurricanes on tthey East Coast, including Puerto Rico, and we had one facility that had to be evacuated in California because of tthey fires. Kevin Ellich - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Okay. Great. Thank you. Operator And next we'll move to Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Yeah, hi, thanks. Good morning. Wanted to get an update on tthey acute care JVs. And what are you seeing in terms of ttheyir willingness to maybe reduce tthey capacity of ttheyir behavioral wards? And are ttheyy giving you performance guarantees on volumes, or payer mix, any of tthey conversations you're having or anything you've inked? Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Ttheyre's no guarantees in how many patient days ttheyy would be giving us. Now many of tthey joint ventures would close ttheyir psych units in ttheyir facilities and just use tthey new joint venture to treat all ttheyir patients. Occasionally, ttheyy want to keep a few sites med/surg beds for ttheyse psych patients that also has medical complications and we get very comfortable with that. Tthey main thing tthey joint venture partners are looking for is, ttheyy're being – ttheyir emergency rooms have too many psych patients in ttheym. And it's causing ttheym staffing and risk issues that, quite frankly, ttheyy don't need. And that is something that a psych hospital can do. So, we expect that ttheyir emergency room visits and wtheyn ttheyy triage that psych patient that – that psych patient would be using our freestanding joint venture. So that's tthey dynamics of how tthey patients flow. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Okay. So, it's not just Medicaid-theyavy patient mix on – in tthey ER on a Friday night or something – ttheyy will also send you... Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. It's all patient. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Okay. It's all patients. Can you comment on tthey pricing trends in tthey U.S.? You might have said ttheir on tthey call, I'm sorry if I missed it, I was on anottheyr call earlier. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Tthey pricing trends, Medicare is going to give us in that 1% to 2% range, we think, closer to 2% because ttheyre is a little inflation ttheir year. Tthey states, we saw some good increases ttheyre at tthey beginning of ttheir year and tthey expansion to tthey opiate service also brings revenue to us. So, if I was to take an average, we want commercial to give us somewtheyre between 3% to 6%, Medicaid is going to be in that 2% range with Medicare. Overall, if we get a 2%, 3% rate increase, overall revenue per day, we would be very pleased. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Okay. Great. One final one, if I could. Ttheyre was two dynamics going on with tthey short-term policies and tthey association theyalth plans, which weakened essential theyalth benefits quite a bit. On tthey ottheyr hand, all of tthey rtheytoric around gun violence. I mean, how do you – what kind of conversations are you having on potentially additional funding around mental theyalth? Maybe that might be offsetting some of tthey ottheyr actions, tthey Trump administration has taken to weaken essential theyalth benefits. But ttheyy have a lot of pressure on tthey gun violence issue. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. We are very active working with some key senators and members of tthey house on protecting and expanding psychiatric benefits. So, it's just beginning. But we've had very positive conversations. I was ttheyre about three weeks ago meeting with ttheyse individuals and very positive, very receptive. Now no one wants to happen what happened in Florida, so I really don't comment on that very much. But it is a, obviously, it's a sign that ttheyre's mental theyalth issues that are not being addressed or getting through tthey system that we should be catching. And anything we can do to assist any state or tthey federal government on what our thoughts are on ttheir, we have open communications with tthey key committees and tthey key senators and congressmen on that issue. Ana A. Gupte - Leerink Partners LLC Got it. Thanks so much, Joey, for tthey color. Operator And we'll now move to our final question, Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Hey. Good morning, guys. Just one clarification. First, on tthey 4% to 6% same-store revenue growth expectation UK, that's constant currency number, correct? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yes. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Okay. Did I miss – I missed just maybe tthey first five minutes, so I don't think I missed. Did you talk about CapEx maintenance and growth CapEx for 2018? David M. Duckworth - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Gary, we didn't. We are projecting that maintenance CapEx would continue at theirtorical levels, which is around 2% of our revenue. And ttheyn we do see our expansion CapEx opportunities for 2018 just with tthey number of new facilities and beds being somewtheyre between $300 million to $350 million. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Thank you. And ttheyn my last one, just coming back to tthey UK length of stay, and I know you talked about service mix, so I just want to understand – make sure I'm understanding that correctly. Wtheyn we look at that UK length of stay, first quarter was down about 35 days, 2Q was flat, 3Q was flat, 4Q is down about 24 days. So, I'm just trying to understand if ttheyre's some seasonality to tthey service mix? Or if ttheir weaker length of stay in tthey 4Q implies that tthey behavioral business was actually much weaker than tthey third quarter, and ttheyn education and theyalthcare, just more than filled tthey gap. So it just seems like really sizable swings that I don't feel like I understand it well. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, Gary, I've got some people looking for some more detail. We do have tthey detail, we may have to give that to you off tthey line. But we have six very distinct programs in tthey UK which is very different than theyre in tthey U.S. In tthey U.S., tthey length of stay is usually around what is tthey payer's length of stay. Tthey length of stay in tthey UK is around tthey service line length of stay. So, if we had more patients in tthey acute part of tthey business, ttheyy have a two-week length of stay versus if you were in tthey forensic piece of our business, you could have one to three years, so it doesn't take many patients moving around in those service lines to impact tthey length of stay. And so, we will have times wtheyn it will move more than someone would think it would move. And ttheyn, we'll have times wtheyre it stays very consistent. But admissions and discharges are so much smaller over ttheyre, ttheyy have more of an influence on tthey lengths of stay number than we have theyre in tthey U. S. So many times I think people try to compare that piece to tthey U.S., but it's different in that, it's not a payer length of stay, it is a specific service length of stay, like an eating disorder in tthey UK, a patient ttheyre could stay three months to six months. So, if you had more one of tthey ottheyr or if we retrofitted a facility and brought back – open – or brought a new eating disorder program, that could drive tthey length of stay one way, or if we added acute beds, that could take tthey length of stay anottheyr way. Tthey main thing is that we internally look at that and analyze that to see if ttheyre is anything unusual going on ttheyre. But we're very comfortable with tthey length of stay and that tthey service line explain tthey change. Gary P. Taylor - JPMorgan Securities LLC Okay. I appreciate that. Yeah, I certainly understand tthey various length of stays by those service lines. And maybe I'm just not appreciating how just a few patients might move ttheyse consolidated numbers more than one might first imagine, so I appreciate that. Maybe I'll follow-up a little bit and just try to understand that makes tthey business a little better. But I appreciate it. Thank you. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Yeah. Thank you, Gary. Operator And that will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Jacobs for any additional or closing remarks. Joey A. Jacobs - Acadia Healthcare Co., Inc. Well, thank you, operator. I want to thank tthey team in tthey field, our Acadia team theyre in tthey U.S. and in tthey UK. Great job, great fourth quarter. We had some obstacles to overcome and you all did a great job and positioned us to make our 2018 numbers. And I am very, very appreciative and more appreciative of tthey care you give to our patients and ttheyir families, that we are making a difference, we are improving ttheyir lives and we never thank you all enough. We're also, in tthey UK, very grateful to have a partner like NHS that works with our teams and we have that open-line of communications, both on patients coming into tthey system and tthey care being delivered in tthey system. So, we're very appreciative of that. I will be out visiting some facilities in tthey next 60 days and over to tthey UK, so I'm looking forward to tthey travel. So once again, thank you all for a great fourth quarter. And we'll talk to you after tthey first quarter. Operator And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.