Acadia Healthcare Co. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call July 29, 2016 11:00 AM ET Executives Brent Turner - President Joey Jacobs - Chairman & CEO David Duckworth - CFO Analysts Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies A. J. Rice - UBS Securities Whit Mayo - Robert Baird John Ransom - Raymond James Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets Chris Rigg - Susquehanna Financial Group Gary Lieberman - Wells Fargo Samuel Hynes - Mizuho Securities Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Charles Haff - Craig-Hallum Paula Torch - Avondale Partners Dana Hambly - Steptheyns Ana Gupte - Leerink Partners Operator Please stand by, we're about to begin. Thank you for standing by. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. Please proceed. Brent Turner Good morning. I'm Brent Turner, President of Acadia Healthcare, and I'd like to welcome you to our Second Quarter 2016 Conference Call. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you'll also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing ttheir morning’s news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2016 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, and in tthey company's second quarter news release and consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events, or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I'd like to turn tthey conference over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Joey Jacobs. Joey Jacobs Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. In addition to Brent, I'm theyre today with our Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I each have some brief remarks about tthey second quarter and our outlook for Acadia. Ttheyn we'll open tthey line for your questions. Before we discuss tthey quarter, let me briefly touch on tthey announcement yesterday by tthey Competition and Markets Authority in tthey United Kingdom that in lieu of a phase 2 investigation, we have offered undertaking to address CMA’s concern. Our undertakings provide for tthey sale of 19 of our Priory and PiC [ph] theyalthcare facilities with approximately 750 beds. Ttheyse facilities produce aggregate annual revenue of approximately $132 million and adjusted EBITDA of $39 million. Before any overtheyad allocations, I’m assuming an exchange rate of $1.30 for British pound sterling. We expect tthey CMA to accept our undertaking and approve tthey Priory acquisition in tthey next two to four months. Turning now to our second quarter results. We achieved anottheyr quarter of profitable growth. Our revenue increased 67% for tthey quarter versus tthey second quarter last year, which is tthey sixth consecutive quarter our revenue has grown at a rate of more than 60%. Adjusted earnings also rose 60% for tthey quarter. Our adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.73 increased 28.1% on a 26.4% increase in shares outstanding. We attribute ttheir growth to tthey strong continuing execution of our acquisition and organic growth strategy, through which we are expanding Acadia’s ability to meet increasing demand for our services. Ttheyse strategies have enabled us to expand our beds over tthey last 12 months by almost 100% to approximately 17,800 beds, while acquisitions and specifically tthey Priory acquisition accounted for tthey great majority of our bed expansion. We also added over 940 beds during tthey last 12 months. Approximately 680 of ttheyse beds were additions to existing facilities and 260 were added that through tthey opening of three de novo facilities. During tthey second quarter, we added 125 new beds to facilities in tthey U.S. and tthey U.K., and opened a de novo facility with 60 beds. Ttheir brings tthey number of beds additions to 515 in tthey first half of 2016, and we expect to add more than 800 beds for tthey year. Bed additions to existing facilities drive our overall organic growth, including our same facility revenue, which increased 8.1% for tthey quarter. We have continued to benefit from tthey operating leverage at ttheir same facility revenue growth generate and with tthey same facility EBITDA margin increasing to 28.1% for tthey second quarter. We have also remained active on tthey acquisition front during tthey second quarter. We completed four acquisitions in tthey U.S. with approximately 240 beds including an acute psychiatrist inpatient facility, two residential addiction treatment facilities and a compretheynsive treatment facility RCDP. We continued to evaluate additional transactions in a robust top line of potential transactions and we are confident of our ability to turn appropriate transactions. In summary, we have been very pleased with Acadia’s execution of its growth strategy and we are optimistic about our potential for producing continued long-term profitable growth. We are diversified behavioral theyalthcare provider and a leader in markets with growing demand and limited capacity. Ttheir increasing demand has been driven by strong demographic, as well as changing regulations that increase parity and access. We are developing an outstanding record of investing expansions to meet tthey demands of our local community which drive our organic growth. We also have a long theirtory of growth through successfully acquiring and integrating transaction, in an industry that remains highly fragmented. Thank you for your interest in Acadia, and now I'll turn it over to David Duckworth. David Duckworth Thanks, Joey, and good morning. Acadia’s revenue for tthey second quarter of 2016 increased 66.8% to $756.5 million from $453.7 million for tthey second quarter of 2015. Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to Acadia’s stockholders was $63.2 million, up 60% from $39.5 million. Adjusted EPS for tthey second quarter of 2016 was $0.73, up 28.1% from $0.57 for tthey second quarter of 2015. For tthey second quarter of 2016, our adjusted EPS excludes transaction-related expenses of $6.1 million, and a gain on foreign currency derivatives of approximately $100,000. For tthey second quarter of 2015, adjusted EPS excludes transaction-related expenses or $7.2 million and a loss on foreign currency derivatives of approximately $960,000. Weighted average diluted shares outstanding increased 26.4% for tthey comparable quarters, primarily due to tthey equity that we issued in May of 2015 that was principally related to acquisitions, and in January and February of 2016 related to tthey acquisition of Priory. Acadia’s tax rate on adjusted income from continuing operations before income taxes was 21.7% for tthey second quarter of 2016 compared with 31.3% for tthey second quarter of last year. Acadia’s same facility revenue increased 8.1% from tthey second quarter of 2015 with a 7.7% increase in patient days and 0.4% increase in revenue per patient day. Same facility EBITDA margin was 28.1% for tthey latest quarter versus 27.4% for tthey second quarter of 2015. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA increased 62.8% to $172.2 million, which was 22.8% of consolidated revenue from $105.8 million or 23.3% of consolidated revenue for tthey second quarter of 2015. Our operating cash flow increased 74.6% to $126.5 million in tthey second quarter of 2016, which is a quarterly record for operating cash flow. Finally, as announced in ttheir morning's news release, we have updated our guidance for 2016 adjusted earnings per diluted share to a range of $2.63 to $2.65. Ttheir adjustment is primarily a result of tthey decline in tthey U.S. dollar to British pound sterling exchange rate as well as tthey delay in realizing cost synergies due to tthey CMA’s approval process. Our guidance assumes an exchange rate of $1.30 per British pound sterling for tthey second half of 2016 and a tax rate of 23%. Our financial guidance does not include any cost synergies in 2016 from tthey Priory transaction, tthey impact from any future acquisitions or transaction-related expenses. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks ttheir morning, and thank you for being with us. I'll now ask, Mia, to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And we’ll go first to Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Brian Tanquilut Hey, good morning, guys, and congratulations. First question for David or Brent. As we think about guidance in tthey adjustment that you made, what have you pulled out in terms of tthey synergy for 2016, and ttheyn also as we think about 2017 with tthey $39 million of EBITDA that’s swapping off, how should we think about your synergy expectations that you have previously given? Brent Turner Okay, Brian, good morning. Tthey synergies are completely out of tthey guidance for tthey balance of ‘16 and that's roughly in tthey $0.08 to $0.09 range that we had previously anticipated. Tthey outlook for consolidated cost savings, once that divestiture and tthey integrations occur is no different. It will be at least $20 million of synergies identified and realized, but tthey more reasonable expectation would be for that to occur in 2017. Brian Tanquilut Got it. And ttheyn, Joey, as we think about tthey IMD, you’ve seen one month’s worth of IMD in tthey system. Just wanted to get your feedback on that, and also as we think about new bed additions related eittheyr to prepare for IMD or as we think about tthey outlook going forward, it seems like you had continued success in staffing and building capacity. So is that a sustainable view, and why is it that you're able to build at 8% versus tthey rest of tthey industry, which is coming at a lower base? Joey Jacobs Okay, Brian. First on tthey IMD. July is not closed out yet, so I don't have any numbers to give you on tthey IMD and what we are seeing ttheyre, as I mentioned on tthey last conference call, give us until tthey end of tthey third quarter and ttheyn we'll be able to talk more about tthey impact of tthey IMD beginning July 1 for tthey management. As far as building beds, we are reacting to our market and tthey needs for beds and services ttheyre. And once again, I think I’ve shared ttheir with many of you. We have a very disciplined approach theyre as a company. Our monthly room - we review tthey anticipated bed needs of our facilities. And as you can see, we have consistently built several hundred beds every year and with ottheyr record builds ttheir year of over 800. But due to tthey fact that tthey company, I think, 800 could be tthey number you would see us do for next year and we have demand for tthey patients and services. And so our strategy, Ron Finctheyr and that division president are doing a great job meeting tthey needs at tthey local level. I'll just give you one example. Our acquisition that we made in May theyre in Tennessee with Trust Point, within 45 days of acquiring that facility, we had already filed to double tthey size of tthey facility that ttheyy were turning away enough patients that we believe that we could build anottheyr 100 beds ttheyre. So we just happen to be in markets wtheyre tthey demand is rising and we have tthey balance ttheyyet and tthey team and tthey urgency in action to build tthey beds. Brian Tanquilut And Joey, what about clinician supply just to match tthey build out? Joey Jacobs As I mentioned on previous conference calls, we several years ago started beefing up our recruitment department and that has paid dividends for us in today’s environment and that we are able to find tthey clinicians we need and that is not have been an issue to us growing. Brian Tanquilut Got it. Thank you and I'll jump back in tthey queue. Operator We’ll go next to A. J. Rice with UBS. A. J. Rice Yes, theyllo everybody. Maybe just first to clarify on wtheyn you can start to integrate. So you've got to go out now and identify buyers I assume for ttheyse 19 facilities. Does tthey CMA approve you're beginning to move forward with integration wtheyn you’ve identified tthey buyers? You actually have to close tthey transaction. What’s sort of tthey timeline from theyre? Joey Jacobs Once we enter into a definitive agreement with tthey buyer, I think tthey CMA process allows us to start working on tthey cost efficiencies. So I think many times, a definitive and closing are tthey same time but once we find tthey buyer reach through tthey process to sign a definitive agreement, I think at that time tthey CMA will allow us to work on tthey cost efficiency. A. J. Rice Right. And, I guess, you're giving yourself to tthey end of tthey year to do that, but is ttheyre any reason to think it would take that long? You've obviously got tthey information on it. I'm just curious, is ttheyre any unusual approvals that would take that long to get that deal done or.. Joey Jacobs No, I think that we do have to go through tthey system, regulatory approval process, but I think four months on tthey outside I think we will be inside tthey four months number and so it won't be tthey end of tthey year that's more like a November. I think we can have it done. A. J. Rice Okay. And ttheyn just maybe last one, anottheyr follow-up on what you see in pricing-wise discussions in tthey U.S. about, I know a lot of states have fiscal years that roll over midyear. Anything to report ttheyre? And I think on tthey U.K., you were down year-to-year in revenue per patient day about 1.9%. Is that largely mix or is ttheyre - what’s going on in tthey U.K. pricing as well? Joey Jacobs U.K. is mix. We did get rate increases ttheyre that we expected slightly more than 1%. But what you see is tthey mix going on with tthey patient mix going on in tthey U.K. Here in tthey U.S., we do expect to get between 1% to 2% for Medicaid. You may have seen tthey good news that we got ttheir morning on Medicare that ttheyy are going to be give us an a rate increase of a net of 2.2% beginning October 1. So once again we think Medicaid 1% to 2% range and Medicare now is at 2.2%. We still expect commercial to give us 4% to 6%. A. J. Rice Okay, great. All right, thanks a lot guys. Operator We’ll go next to Whit Mayo with Robert Baird. Whit Mayo Hi, thanks. Just a couple of questions theyre, maybe just first for David, if you could just remind us what your bank-defined leverage and revolver capacity was at quarter end? David Duckworth Sure, Whit. Our leverage at tthey end of tthey quarter was right at 5.3. That does include tthey cross currency swap that we entered into and tthey effect that that had on our debt at tthey end of tthey quarter. And ttheyn our availability on tthey revolver is $150 million of tthey $300 million is available. Whit Mayo Great. And I think you have some senior notes callable later ttheir year. Just any updated thoughts around some future debt financing opportunities? David Duckworth Not at ttheir time, Whit. Whit Mayo Okay. And maybe one last one, just an update around some of tthey activity around your not-for-profit joint venture strategy and how ttheyse conversations are progressing and maybe a range for tthey number of partnerships you think you can going to potentially now sort of put on tthey board in tthey next 12 months or so? Joey Jacobs Tthey number and discussions are numerous. I think we could put 4% to 6% on tthey board between now and tthey end of 2017. You saw our announcement on Ochsner, so we are very active in ttheir arena and have a full page of opportunities on our top line. Whit Mayo Maybe just remind us what tthey structure of some of ttheyse joint ventures look like? Presumably you're going to have tthey controlling ownership interest in tthey governance, so just kind of curious. Joey Jacobs Yes, absolutely. Tthey first criteria for us is we need to be able to consolidate tthey operation, so that means we are going to own more than 50% of tthey partnership. We prefer to have like an 80/20, 75/25 split, with us being tthey 75 and 80, but it’s flexible per partner. And it seems to be receptive to tthey not-for-profit systems that we're working with. And I think ttheyy will - that will be tthey template going forward that you will see with our joint ventures. Whit Mayo Great. Thanks guys. Joey Jacobs Thanks. Brent Turner Thanks Whit. Operator We’ll go next to John Ransom with Raymond James. Joey Jacobs Hey, good morning. On your divestitures, is ttheyre any early read on what kind of multiple you might expect to get for that EBITDA? David Duckworth Ttheyse are great assets and very solid EBITDA, and we think it will be a very attractive sale. And so we would be expecting to see multiples at tthey higtheyr end of ranges that have been pegged. Joey Jacobs Great. And my second question is just to reset, I theyard you, but I just want to make sure I got ttheir. Ottheyr providers have complained of some NHS cuts in May and June. Can you just reset what's happening with you with U.K. government pricing on a forward basis? Joey Jacobs Our government pricing, we are through that process and we got more than 1% for both companies. And to my knowledge no one has - from tthey U.K. has given us a theyads up theyre that tthey NHS was cutting or trying to do something with tthey rate. We just negotiated ours, John, so we were not having that. Joey Jacobs Okay. That's all I have. Thank you. Joey Jacobs Thanks John. Operator We’ll go next to Frank Morgan with RBC Capital Markets. Frank Morgan Good morning. Tthey reference to tthey theydges relate to tthey debt reminding me of ttheir. Have you had any change in your theydging policy? I know you got us contemplate tthey current exchange ratio but has ttheyre been any new change above and beyond ttheyre going forward? Thanks. David Duckworth No, ttheyre has been no change from our original theydging. Frank Morgan And I believe that was roughly 40% theydged in U.K. Is that correct? David Duckworth That is correct. Frank Morgan Okay, thanks. Operator We’ll go next to Chris Rigg with Susquehanna International Group. Chris Rigg Good morning. Actually just wanted to follow-up on that last question. So what is tthey negative cash flow theyadwind because of tthey drop in tthey pound for tthey year? David Duckworth For tthey year - if you're just thinking about tthey second half of tthey year, it would roughly be in line with tthey effect that it has on our EBITDA. So I think that's about $10 million or so if we think about tthey second half of tthey year. Chris Rigg Okay. And I guess just bigger picture. Wtheyn we think about tthey growth in tthey U.K., does tthey Priory experience sort of change tthey way you think about tthey market, or it's still a very strategic area and you should be able to acquire Priory’s assets going forward? Joey Jacobs We think tthey U.K. market is still very attractive and if ttheyre is areas of acquisitions or expansions that we can make to assist tthey NHS and not put us in any issue with tthey CMA which I think we can do, absolutely we would make acquisitions. We won't see any ttheir year, but absolutely tthey U.K. market is still a market of opportunity I think and ttheyre is areas in tthey U.K. wtheyre we could go and do things that would not be a CMA issue. Chris Rigg Great. And ttheyn I theyard about tthey bed additions for 2016, but you have a sort of a preliminary estimate for bed additions in 2017? Thanks. Joey Jacobs I think right now - Chris, I think right now we are already have booked more than 300 beds at ttheir time for that we're working on for next year and it will be building during tthey third quarter, and I'll have a better number to give you for what we are expecting in 2017 at that time. Chris Rigg That’s great. Thanks so much. Operator We’ll go next to Gary Lieberman with Wells Fargo. Gary Lieberman Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. What's your expectation for tthey use of any capital that you raise from tthey sale of tthey Priory assets? Joey Jacobs Our top line and tthey activity ttheyre both with joint ventures and with multi-facility opportunities, we think we will be able to redeploy that cash right back into tthey business and so we're very excited about being able to do that. Gary Lieberman Okay. And ttheyn you had some time to think about any impact from Brexit. Can you just give us your updated thoughts on what, if any, impact you think that's going to have on your U.K. business? Joey Jacobs Well I think it’s - I think everyone would agree it's kind of stabilized right now. We were over - four of our management team members were over in tthey July 1 and tthey U.K. was very, very busy and that’s just from us observing and our facilities are very busy, so now that ttheyy've named a new Prime Minister I think things are settling down and I do know that tthey U.K. want to keep all ttheyir businesses and recruit new business as to tthey U.K. so ttheyy are very much I think in a crow business mentality at tthey Parliament. So maybe we've hit tthey low mark ttheyre and that we've come back a little but I see it as being stable as of right now. Gary Lieberman Okay, great. Thanks very much. Operator We’ll go next to Samuel Hynes with Mizuho Securities. Samuel Hynes Hi, thanks. I guess first off CMA decision hasn’t been made public. Can you provide some detail on what tthey CMA's main issue was versus maybe your initial expectation? And ttheyn just a little bit more detail on tthey potential sale, as you read tthey CMA announcement yesterday, it implies that ttheyre is only going to be one buyer. I guess is that what you pose with tthey CMA and just maybe tthey process ttheyy said ttheyy need to approve it? I know in tthey U.S. part of tthey process is that you have to find real buyers at competitive pricing. Do you think that’s going to be a problem? Thanks. Joey Jacobs We don't think it's going to be a problem. We will run a process. We will get qualified buyers. We will sign a definitive agreement in tthey next two to four months. I think it will be sold as one transaction. It's a very good group of assets, so I think it's going to be very attractive. And so that's kind of tthey process that we are going through is running tthey process for ttheyse 19 facilities. We will over time give more detail, but right now that's all tthey details we will give on ttheir. It’s $130 million of revenue and it's good group of assets. Samuel Hynes Okay, thanks. And just on tthey - I guess a follow up on tthey CMA decision. Can you provide more detail on that? Joey Jacobs Tthey decision is - two weeks ago, wtheyn ttheyy publittheyyd ttheyir decisions that we may be theyading to a phase 2. Ttheyre was that two-week period. I think we had five business days were to work with tthey CMA on a remedy and we did that and ttheyn continue to work with ttheym during tthey next five days and you saw tthey announcement yesterday. So ttheyre was a lot of work doing that two-week period. We did know areas of concern that ttheyy had. And as we work through tthey process, it was a very open exchange ttheyy are concerned. Our feedback to ttheym and ttheyn our proposal to ttheym within tthey five-day. And ttheyy did ttheyir announcement yesterday and that's tthey process. Samuel Hynes All right. And I just have one more follow-up on tthey NHS. I think you are getting a lot of questions on it today because ttheyy [indiscernible] by 6%. And I know you confirmed you’re getting a 1% price increase ttheir year. But can you just describe tthey process of how tthey NHS determines funding over tthey Hagel [ph] services because it’s my understanding it’s on sector that gets like draconian cuts that eats individual, negotiates separately, quality plays lot in tthey process, so maybe you won't be exposed to just across tthey board cut like ottheyr sectors? Joey Jacobs Well, we hope we won't be across tthey board cut like ottheyr sectors. Ttheyre is - during tthey process, ttheyre is tthey local drug and tthey commissioners that get involved. And so NHS does control tthey money, but ttheyn ttheyy also rely upon tthey local areas to work with ttheyir providers in tthey areas during tthey negotiation of tthey rates. So quality does come into play in tthey discussion about rates, and so ttheir is our, I guess, our second time that we've been through it with PiC. Wtheyn we bought PiC, ttheyy just went through it and now we've done two more since ttheyn and tthey first one theyre was Priory and it's a very cordial process in give and take and ttheyy very much appreciate our quality of care and what we're doing in tthey U.K. facility. So that is tthey reason our rates have just been negotiated and it was a good process and that's been our experience for tthey past two years. Samuel Hynes Okay, thanks. Operator We’ll go next to Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Kevin Fischbeck Okay, great. Thanks. I guess just want to go back to tthey psychiatrist shortage question. [Indiscernible] talk about seeing that. Is it your view that in your markets, tthey market for psychiatrist is pretty consistent with what’s been in last few years, or are you seeing somewhat of a shortages just that you - tthey investments you’ve made are allowing you to manage through it? Joey Jacobs Our investment is allowing us to address tthey needs of our ability. We've got a top-notch recruitment department and working with our division presidents and local CEOs. We are able to meet ttheyir needs, find tthey psychiatrist, get ttheym signed up, get ttheym relocated to tthey facilities wtheyre we need ttheym. We're working closer and closer with residency programs on new graduates and stuff like that. So we are managing our way through ttheir, Kevin. We identified ttheir as a basic business strategy that we needed to do probably three years ago and that put tthey resources behind that. Kevin Fischbeck Okay. And ttheyn as far as tthey guidance reduction, is it as simple as saying $0.08 to $0.09 was from tthey synergies delay and ttheyn tthey ottheyr $0.11 to $0.12 was from tthey currency, or were ttheyre any ottheyr moving parts on tthey core business in ttheyre? Joey Jacobs That is that simple is all tthey currency and tthey synergies. Kevin Fischbeck Okay. And I appreciate it’s being early in IMD, but is ttheyre any way to frame for us any of tthey kind of potential gating factor as far as being able to see a benefit from IMD, like I guess I was at a Ohio Hospital Association meeting. It sounds like Ohio is not going to be able to do tthey IMD for January 1. I don’t know if you have any stats like that with what percent of your debt might be in tthey states that are not going to July 1 necessarily move in. Just trying to think about how much we should reasonably expect Q3 to show, my guess, is kind of starts off pretty slow and ttheyn ramps in 2017 as more of a full impact. I’m not sure if ttheyre is any gating factor like that that you might be able to provide color on if you think about tthey ramp from IMD? Joey Jacobs I think tthey ramp does start off slow and picks up pace and I do think January 1 as you mentioned will be a murky date than July 1 of ttheir year was. However we won't know that until we close out tthey third quarter and see our numbers. It’s unfortunate tthey dates aren’t moving faster on that. That will be six months wtheyre people will not have access to care, but if ttheyy need to wait till January 1, that’s okay too. We’re in a position to be ready for that also. Kevin Fischbeck Okay, ttheyn just - wtheyn you think about your guidance from before, you were saying change in tthey core business. Actually I can't remember - I don’t remember that IMD has been finalized wtheyn you provided guidance last time, so do you see tthey guidance is really happening? Joey Jacobs Our guidance has no IMD impact. Kevin Fischbeck Okay, all right. So ttheyre is anything that would be - okay, perfect. Thanks. Operator We’ll go next to Charles Haff with Craig-Hallum. Charles Haff Hi, thanks. Following up on Kevin’s question earlier, tthey 185 beds that you added in tthey second quarter was a little bit lighter than I was expecting. Is that a function of tthey state action that you’re seeing and maybe you’re adding new beds at a little bit slower pace than you thought you would a few months ago? Joey Jacobs No, not at all. That is just tthey completion dates of tthey projects and we were fortunate to have a good first quarter and had more than 300 beds added during tthey first quarter. So we’re very pleased I think with tthey 515, and we’ll hit more than 800 by tthey end of tthey year. So you should read nothing into tthey second quarter. It was just completion date of tthey beds. Charles Haff Okay. And ttheyn my last question is regarding tthey CMA process. Were ttheyre any ottheyr undertakings that Acadia offered besides tthey 19 divestitures, maybe investments in facilities over ttheyre. Any ottheyr undertaking besides tthey divestitures? Joey Jacobs No. Charles Haff Okay, thank you. Operator We’ll go to Paula Torch with Avondale Partners. Paula Torch Great. Thank you. I have a couple of questions. Just wanted to follow-up on tthey labor and psychiatrists and maybe tthey capacity constraints. I wonder given that hospitals in some of your ottheyr competitors are having ttheyse capacity constraints and you’re adding 800 beds ttheir year potential to maybe do similar amount next year. Do you think that gives you an opportunity to take share from your competitors or even just tthey hospitals that have behavioral beds within ttheym given that you are able to be hiring ttheyse psychiatrists and clinicians wtheyre it seems like ttheyre is a lot of ottheyr companies having problems with ttheir? Joey Jacobs We just execute our strategy, Paula. And if it ends up taking market share from somebody or just being ttheyre ready for tthey beds and tthey clinicians wtheyn those patients are looking for care, eittheyr way we are glad to be ttheyre. It will be a combination of both of those. So we're very pleased that consistently in tthey theirtory of Acadia that we've been able to build tthey appropriate number of beds each year to find tthey clinicians to stack those rates and to meet tthey needs of ttheyse local community. Paula Torch Okay. And ttheyn maybe just a follow-up to that. Is it possible for you to give us a little bit more color on just some of tthey resources that you started to put behind ttheir three years ago? Is it just sort of higtheyr wages or just variations to your recruiting process? I’m wondering if you could be a little bit more specific. Joey Jacobs Well, you wouldn’t want us to give away our trade secrets, would you? So tthey biggest thing is tthey number of people we have in our recruitment department and tthey tools that we have given ttheym. And so that is tthey biggest addition of resources that we have done at tthey corporate office. Now we do believe that we operate in an attractive market and that our facilities look very, very good and that if you were a clinician and you were wanting to practice at tthey facility that you would see our facilities as a facility that you would want to practice in and that - so all those things work togettheyr and so we are just very pleased with wtheyre we are at today. Paula Torch Great. And just one last question from me, I wanted to maybe ask on CRC. How is that business running? What are your expectations for tthey substance use business, and are you seeing any pressure at all on reimbursement or collections from payers on that side of tthey business? Joey Jacobs Tthey CRC business is doing extremely well, both tthey substance abuse facilities, tthey addiction facilities and tthey CTC centers. And ttheyy have great growth opportunities in both areas. As I mentioned earlier, we did buy two residential addiction facilities in tthey second quarter and we did buy a CTC center and I think we opened up a de novo too. So ttheyy are doing extremely well. Joe Procopio and John Peloquin who theyads up those two divisions for us are doing a great job. Paula Torch And anything on tthey reimbursement side? Joey Jacobs No, not really. No. Now we are mostly in network, so that avoids a lot of issues. Paula Torch Okay. Thank you very much. Operator We’ll go next to Dana Hambly with Steptheyns. Dana Hambly Hey, thanks. Good morning. Really good cash flow quarter. Over tthey last few years most of your cash flow has gone towards CapEx and just trying to get a sense, obviously a big bed add opportunity. As we look forward next few years, will that continue to be tthey case or might you deploy some cash flow maybe to delevering? Joey Jacobs I think you're going to see both. Obviously we are going to - tthey most accretive and tthey higtheyst return on investment we can make is on our expansion beds. But at tthey same time we are very cognizant of our leverage and we are using tthey cash right now for a combination of reinvestment in our facilities as well as incremental debt pay down. Dana Hambly Okay. Joey Jacobs That will be tthey same going forward. Dana Hambly Great. Tthey 240 beds you added in tthey quarter, is that neutral to EPS? David Duckworth Say that one more time, Dana? Dana Hambly Tthey acquisitions you made in tthey quarter, tthey 240 beds, I think it was four facilities. That’s basically neutral for EPS? David Duckworth Yes. Dana Hambly Okay, all right. And ttheyn last is, you’ve talked about some of tthey legislation pending before I think it made it through tthey House pretty easily. What's your outlook? Any chance that makes it to tthey President ttheir year or is that a post-election issue? Brent Turner Dana, it absolutely could be attactheyd to a bill. I mean, we - ttheyre is some good components of that legislation. Obviously it didn’t fully address tthey Medicaid IMD from a fee-for-service, tthey traditional Medicaid, but obviously we've benefited on tthey managed Medicaid front. So I think it's imminent in my opinion that that's going to happen and I think it's got a good chance to happen in late 2016, but certainly if not, early ‘17 would be tthey point wtheyre that would go through. Joey Jacobs It probably got lost in tthey noise yesterday, Dana, but I think President Obama did sign tthey Addiction Bill yesterday. Dana Hambly Okay. Great, thank you. Operator We’ll go next to Ana Gupte with Leerink Partners. Ana Gupte Yes, hi. Thanks. Good morning. Just following up again on tthey Priory acquisition, you may have said ttheir. Wtheyn you guided assuming that ttheyre would not be a delay, did you already include tthey 19 facilities in that 750 beds in tthey guidance for 2016, or is ttheir on top of what you had originally thought? Joey Jacobs Tthey earnings for tthey 19 facilities ttheir year until ttheyy are sold, ttheyy will be in our numbers and ttheyy are in tthey guidance. Ana Gupte Okay, but assuming - wtheyn you guided for tthey year and assuming ttheir had not been delayed, were you contemplating ttheyse 19 facility divestitures or is ttheir… Joey Jacobs No. Ana Gupte No? Okay. So for next year wtheyn we think about it that that's something we need to factor in on top of what was originally contemplated ttheyn? Joey Jacobs Yes. Ana Gupte Okay. Joey Jacobs Yes. Ana Gupte And what would… Joey Jacobs Ttheyre will be 19 less facilities. Now as I mentioned earlier, we - our top line is very active. So tthey funds we receive from tthey sale of 19 facilities, we think we can quickly within 90 days have that money reinvested. So we're very optimistic about being able to redeploy that capital into ottheyr acquisition. Ana Gupte Sorry, okay. So you can capture quickly? And on tthey synergies - sorry, on tthey cost side, what is tthey milestone on September 23 relative to November? Are you in discussions beyond tthey divestitures on FTE [ph] reductions or anything that you might have to also given on a bit? Joey Jacobs No. What's happening right now until we get install, ttheir is business as usual. We can't do anything on tthey cost efficiency until we get CMA’s clearance and that will come wtheyn we sign tthey definitive agreement to sale tthey 19 facility. Ana Gupte And on your PiC business, have you now - wtheyre are you on your trajectory to tthey margin expansion? Is all of that done at ttheir point and how does that factor into tthey negotiation of anything? Joey Jacobs Ttheyre is factoring ottheyr than some of tthey PiC facilities will be or part of tthey 19 to solve tthey concerns and issues of tthey CMA. PiC is doing very well. Ttheyir same-store builds that ttheyy have been doing have done very well. And so ttheyre is still margin opportunity ttheyre but PiC is doing very well. Ana Gupte Okay. And ttheyn similarly on tthey CRC Health, is ttheyre more opportunity on that side of it as well? Joey Jacobs On tthey CRC side? Only on tthey new acquisitions that we bought. Ron and their team are doing a very good job of running those facilities. Ana Gupte Got it. Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it. Joey Jacobs Thank you. Operator And we’ll take a follow-up question from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Brian Tanquilut Hey, guys, thanks for taking tthey follow-up. David on tthey P&L, professional fees were up about roughly $11 million sequentially or $10 million sequentially. Is ttheyre any reason for that that we should be aware of? David Duckworth Yes, Brian, what we see ttheyre - and ttheir is true for a few ottheyr lines as well is just tthey effect of having Priory for book order. We see certain line items, increasing rent maybe anottheyr one that you may notice. But that's for tthey most part driving tthey change that you see. Brian Tanquilut Are you backing out tthey incremental or kind of like non-recurring expenses related to tthey CMA review in terms of like lawyer’s fees and things like that? David Duckworth Yes, those types of items would be included in our transaction-related expenses. Brian Tanquilut Got it. And ttheyn free cash flow strong as we've seen than sort of ottheyr companies, so how should we think about that in terms of tthey sustainability taking out impact of FX beginning in Q3? David Duckworth Yes, we expect tthey number to be similar to what we reported for tthey second quarter. We do see tthey timing of interest payments having about $20 million impact in tthey third quarter that we should benefit from in tthey fourth quarter. And just one clarification on tthey FX impact, we do have 40% of our cash flows from tthey U.K. theydged through tthey cross currency swaps, and so we have flexibility of wtheyn we complete those transfers and we do have some protection and fixed transfers setup already at about 1.45 rate. So we expect operating cash flows to continue to be strong above $100 million a quarter. Brian Tanquilut Okay, got it. All right, thanks guys. Operator And we’ll take our final question from John Ransom with Raymond James. Joey Jacobs Hey, Joey, just back on your pipeline. You’ve mentioned before U.S. site deals. How many - just approximately how many deals are above or around that might be more than say five facilities that you're looking at actively? Joey Jacobs Ttheyre is probably three to five. Joey Jacobs Great, thanks. Joey Jacobs Thanks. Operator And with no additional questions, I'll turn tthey call back to Joey Jacobs for closing comments. Joey Jacobs Thank you everyone for ttheyir interest in Acadia. I know we spent most of tthey time talking about financial and processes that we do on tthey business side, but I do want to thank all our employees and clinicians in tthey field for ttheyir dedication to our patient and getting ttheym better and working with ttheyir families. That's what makes Acadia successful is delivering quality care to our patients and tthey families and we now have over 35,000 employees now and it takes a lot of effort and very much recognize every day tthey work you all do in tthey field taking care of patients. So once again thank you for what you're doing. Thank you all for your interest in Acadia and we'll talk to you at tthey next quarter. Operator Thank you, sir. And again that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you to everyone for participating. You may disconnect at ttheir time.