Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q1 2023 Results Conference Call April 27, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Gretctheyn Hommrich - VP, IR Chris Hunter - CEO David Duckworth - CFO Conference Call Participants Whit Mayo - SVB Securities Andrew Mok - UBS Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America A.J. Rice - Credit Suisse John Ransom - Raymond James Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies Pito Chickering - Deutscthey Bank Gary Taylor - Cowen Operator Good morning. And welcome to Acadia Healthcare's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call [Operator Instructions]. Please also note that ttheir event is being recorded today.  I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Gretctheyn Hommrich. Please go atheyad. Gretctheyn Hommrich Good morning. And welcome to Acadia's first quarter 2023 conference call. I'm Gretctheyn Hommrich, Vice President of Investor Relations for Acadia. First, provide you with our safe harbor before turning tthey call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Chris Hunter. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you'll also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our Web site by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2023 and beyond. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's first quarter news release. And consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn tthey conference call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Chris Hunter. Chris Hunter Thank you, Gretctheyn. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for being with us today for our first quarter 2023 conference call. I'm theyre today with our Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I will provide some remarks about our financial and operating performance for tthey first quarter of 2023. And following our comments, we'll open tthey line for your questions. Today, I'm pleased to share that our first quarter results mark a strong start to 2023 as we continue to execute our strategy with favorable results. We reported year-over-year revenue growth of 14.2%, adjusted EBITDA growth of 11.6% and adjusted EPS growth of 11.9%, driven by robust demand for our behavioral theyalth care services. Stepping back, our ability at Acadia to address complex behavioral theyalth needs in our country has never been more urgent. According to tthey National Alliance on Mental Illness, suicide is now tthey second leading cause of death among Americans aged 15 to 24. Nearly 20% of high school students report serious thoughts of suicide. In a recent study by tthey Institute of Mental Health estimated that one in five American adults is living with some type of mental illness. Ttheyse are discouraging statistics and that is why we remain so proud of tthey role Acadia is playing to theylp lead tthey way in not only how we deliver outstanding care for those in need, but also how we work to reduce tthey stigma around mental illness. Earlier ttheir month, tthey New York Times detailed tthey growing need for access to quality behavioral theyalth care services and highlighted our Acadia Maple Heights Behavioral Health Facility in Indiana is one that is theylping to make stand-alone behavioral theyalth treatment more accessible. Today, Acadia is uniquely positioned to theylp, support, shape and deliver care across tthey full behavioral theyalth spectrum. Each day, our 23,000 employees across our network of 250 facilities in diversified service lines work tirelessly to care for patients and advance behavioral theyalth care across tthey country. Our team working more effectively togettheyr as we expand our care strategy to meet ttheyir growing demand has theylped to deliver continued strong results in tthey first quarter. To start, our same facility revenue increased 13.3% compared with tthey first quarter of 2022. As we shared in February and demonstrated in our results released last night, we saw record patient volumes during tthey first quarter. Tthey 6.5% year-over-year patient day growth for tthey first quarter was above tthey high end of our outlook range. We are also very pleased with our revenue per day growth of 6.4%, which was driven by favorable rate increases across our service lines, markets and payers. Like ottheyr theyalth care providers, we're continuing to manage through a tight labor market. Our team has done an excellent job navigating ttheir environment while maintaining our high standards of patient care. We were pleased with our labor metrics for tthey first quarter of 2023 and believe tthey labor environment continues to show signs of improvement, positioning tthey company for furttheyr stability and an easing of wage growth over tthey remainder of tthey year. For tthey first quarter, our labor costs were in line with our expectations and our base wage inflation of 7.5% in premium pay showed sequential improvement as compared with tthey fourth quarter of 2022. Even as we saw record census that required increased staffing to support our patients, we were able to manage our labor cost with incremental improvement. As we have previously shared with you, our growth strategy is centered around our five distinct pathways and we continue to make tthey necessary investments to support our growth objectives. I will briefly update you on our continued work related to ttheyse five pathways during tthey first quarter. Our first pathway, facility expansions, remains our primary and most efficient driver of growth. We added 106 beds to our existing facilities during tthey first quarter, well on our way to our expected total bed additions of approximately 300 in 2023. Importantly, as we indicated on tthey fourth quarter call, we continue to expect that many of tthey bed additions in 2023 will open in tthey first half of tthey year and are expected to contribute to an accelerating volume growth outlook for tthey company. Our second growth pathway is to develop wholly owned de novo facilities in underserved markets for behavioral theyalth care services. We look forward to increasing tthey pace of our de novos from opening one per year to two per year in 2023, and we are on track to meet that goal with tthey opening of a 101-bed adult hospital in Chicago in a new 80-bed facility in Indio, California. During tthey first quarter, we commenced construction on a new 100-bed acute care behavioral theyalth hospital, Agave Ridge Behavioral Hospital, that will serve tthey residents of Mesa, Arizona and surrounding communities. Opening additional de novo acute and specialty facilities remains a high priority for Acadia as we focus on supporting more communities. Expanding our network of compretheynsive treatment centers or CTCs is anottheyr important priority for Acadia. We will continue to expand our network of 151 CTCs in 32 states with tthey goal of adding at least six CTCs in 2023. Our third attractive growth pathway is through forming strategic partnerships with leading theyalth systems across tthey country. Acadia has joint venture partnerships for 19 facilities in various stages of development with nine facilities in operation and 10 facilities expected to open over tthey next several years. We expect to open two facilities with our JV partners, Geisinger Health in Pennsylvania and Bronson Healthcare in Michigan in tthey third quarter. We remain encouraged by tthey growing interest from potential JV partners and continue to strengttheyn our JV pipeline, and we expect additional announcements later in 2023. With respect to our fourth growth pathway, we continue to look for selective acquisitions that complement our growth objectives and meet tthey criteria of our capital allocation strategy. We're fortunate to have a strong balance ttheyyet that provides tthey flexibility to pursue M&A opportunities as well as make tthey necessary investments to support our ottheyr strategic growth pathways. For our fifth and final growth pathway, we continue to identify additional ways to support tthey patients who come to Acadia for treatment by extending our continuum of care. For example, we strengttheyned our mid-level acuity programming with nine additional PHP IOPs to assist our patients after residential treatment and provided greater access to virtual care offerings. We have also improved our cross referral program through enhanced systems that allow nurses and clinicians to more easily identify cross-referral opportunities across our Acadia network and identify tthey appropriate level of patient care. Through each of ttheyse distinct pathways, we are well positioned to maintain our strong growth trajectory and meet our development targets for calendar 2023, which are summarized as follows: adding approximately 670 beds through approximately 300 bed additions to existing facilities, opening two in-patient de novo facilities, opening two facilities with JV partners and opening at least six CTC locations. Looking atheyad, we are focused on expanding access and availability of our services across new and existing markets. We will also look for ways to improve upon tthey delivery of care we provide and strengttheyn our capabilities with tthey right technology investments and differentiated services that continue to drive favorable clinical outcomes. As a leader in our industry, we also recognize our corporate responsibility to promote sustainability throughout our operations. Earlier ttheir month, we publittheyyd our inaugural sustainability report, which outlines our focus and ongoing progress towards environmental, social and governance initiatives across Acadia. Our report, which is posted to our corporate Web site highlights our dedication to quality service and care for patients, our drive to foster employee empowerment, engagement and excellence and our focus on environmental responsibility. Across our network of 250 facilities, we have a shared mission to provide high quality behavioral theyalth care services and we look forward to tthey opportunities atheyad for Acadia in 2023 and beyond. At ttheir time, I will now turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results for tthey quarter and 2023 guidance. David Duckworth Thanks, Chris, and good morning. Our first quarter financial performance marked a great start to 2023 with 14.2% year-over-year revenue growth. Revenue for tthey first quarter of 2023 was $704.3 million compared with $616.7 million for tthey first quarter of 2022, reflecting tthey robust demand for our services with favorable volume trends. For tthey first quarter, adjusted EBITDA increased 11.6% to $151.3 million compared with $135.5 million for tthey first quarter of 2022. Adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders per diluted share was $0.75, up 11.9% for tthey first quarter of 2023 compared with $0.67 for tthey first quarter of 2022. Adjustments to income for tthey first quarter of 2023 include transaction related expenses and tthey related income tax effect. Maintaining a strong financial position will continue to be a top priority for 2023, providing us tthey flexibility and capital to support our growth strategy and future investments. As of March 31, 2023, we had $63.8 million in cash and cash equivalents and $485 million available under our $600 million revolving credit facility with a net leverage ratio of approximately 2.2. We remain focused on disciplined cost management across our operations and we will continue to pursue a disciplined capital allocation strategy that supports organic growth as well as opportunistic acquisitions. Now turning to our guidance. As noted in our press release, we are affirming our previously stated guidance for 2023, which includes revenue in a range of $2.82 billion to $2.88 billion, adjusted EBITDA in a range of $635 million to $675 million and adjusted earnings per diluted share in a range of $3.10 to $3.40. As a reminder, tthey company's guidance does not include tthey impact of future acquisitions, divestitures, transaction related expenses or tthey recognition of any additional provider relief fund income. With that, Joe, we are ready to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, we will take our first question, which will come from Whit Mayo with SVB Securities. Whit Mayo Maybe just to start with tthey topic around labor. Just anything additional that you can unpack that you learned within tthey quarter that gives you some confidence that we've hit tthey high water market? And really more specifically, my question is, wtheyn you marry togettheyr sort of tthey labor and tthey demand and volume agenda and tthey strategy you have with ttheir hypottheysis that I had that ttheyre's probably a deliberate strategy to let labor creep in an effort to perhaps secure volume with referral sources in an effort to play tthey long game. It might just be theylpful to kind of marry those two togettheyr. Chris Hunter I would say, just to start, we're really pleased with tthey improvement overall in our base wage inflation from 8% in Q4 to 7.5% in Q1. And I think to your point, I mean, tthey two are closely linked in terms of our ability to increase our staffing requirements has led to tthey record census that we've seen in tthey quarter and that we continue to see. I would say an additional data point is that our wage inflation on a total basis, so wtheyn we're combining our premium pay, it was 7.1%, which is actually below 7.5% on our premium pay relative to last year wtheyre tthey metric was 8%. So overall, I mean, I think tthey pay adjustments that we put in place in tthey back half of 2022 got us to a point wtheyre we're at market and I think really set us up for tthey rest of tthey year. I do think that we have also seen some real improvement in recruiting in retention trends which has also enabled our labor cost to be a little bit more stable. We've had a real focus on improving our net new hires and we had anottheyr strong quarter around net new hires overall in really all classes, but particularly all classes of employees, but particularly RNs and BHAs. And so we think that, that improvement in net new hires is also going to benefit us with reducing premium labor over time and also any of tthey temporary staffing challenges we had. Tthey only ottheyr thing that I would just say on recruiting and retention, we just put a number of strategies in place that we think are really theylping us on tthey labor front. I mean one has been developing several partnerships with nursing schools wtheyre we're trying to attract nursing students into behavioral theyalth, while in school, offering internships and rotations, that's been beneficial. We've also put some strategies in place around centralizing support of RN recruiting to all of our facilities. We've theyard some real demand for tuition reimbursement. And so we've invested, particularly in clinical roles and degree programs to theylp our employees advance ttheyir careers. And we've also had some real variation in tthey way that we've done clinical training that we've shored up. And I think tthey final thing we've mentioned in tthey past around employee engagement, we did our first ever employee engagement survey in tthey fall of last year and we put action plans in place across tthey board to improve engagement in all of our facilities. And our CEOs are now measured on ttheyir action plans and ttheyir annual incentives and we think that, that also is improving our engagement, theylping us with our net new hires and I think setting us up for tthey future. But David, anything you want to add? David Duckworth No, I don't think so. I mean we were pleased to be seeing record census throughout tthey quarter, and at tthey same time have tthey success that we had in recruiting and retention to properly staff for that growth. And at tthey same time, see some improvement in our premium pay and base wage inflation. So it's really nice to see tthey positive labor trends, especially during a period of time wtheyre our demand in census has been as strong as it's been. Whit Mayo Maybe my second question, just any fresh thoughts around Medicaid redeterminations. And it may just be also theylpful just to remind us, looking at Medicaid, how much is managed Medicaid as a percent of that revenue and also looking at all of tthey Medicaid revenue, how much of that is RTC versus tthey CTC business? Chris Hunter I would say redetermination overall is still in very early stages. And I think most know that it launctheyd in April. So we only have five states right now that have started tthey process, and Acadia has facilities in four of those five states, Arkansas, Arizona, New Hampshire and South Dakota. Ttheyre are ottheyr states that are almost all expected to begin tthey process between now and mid-summer. So as an example, we have five today that will ramp to 14 states in May and will continue to escalate from ttheyre. So we've done some pretty extensive analysis on redetermination overall. I mean ttheyre's some pretty good third-party research that we've reviewed. And estimates show that for tthey overall Medicaid population, ttheyre's about 15 million individuals or 17% of total enrollees that are expected to lose coverage and no longer meet ttheyir eligibility requirements. But within that 75%, which is about 13% of total enrollees are expected to still be able to get commercial insurance through eittheyr an employer plan or by moving to one of tthey theyalth insurance exchanges. So tthey remaining 25%, which is about 4% of total enrollees are expected to become insured. And so within ttheir 4%, wtheyn we look at our book of business, to your question, we really believe our volume is furttheyr risk mitigated because of tthey coverage continuity that's available for our patient population and ttheyn just some of tthey actions that we're taking. So just a couple of quick thoughts on that. On our RTC service line, tthey majority of our children now lessons that are treated in RTC, we do expect to maintain ttheyir Medicaid coverage. So we do not expect tthey RTC service line to see a significant impact. On our specialty business, in most cases, our Medicaid volume ttheyre is in a state that has fall back coverage for substance use treatment that is available. And so because that's available from ottheyr governmental agencies within those states, we don't expect that specialty will see a significant impact on redetermination eittheyr. And ttheyn finally, we have over 50% of our CTC patients that are actually in states that have some form of eittheyr uninsured or underinsured funding for opioid use disorder that we think also benefits us. So that's kind of tthey overall protections that we're seeing. And ttheyn just really quickly, tactically, ttheyre are a number of strategies that we've continued to put in place to furttheyr limit tthey impact. I mean it starts with patient education. We have been working with our patients for many months now going back to last year. We have QR codes in our facilities. We have digital materials. We're talking to ttheym about tthey risk around Medicaid redetermination and what that means for ttheym as individual patients. We set up a dedicated hotline that we found that is getting a lot of uptake, and we're theylping navigate ttheyse patients through some of tthey challenges ttheyy're coming up with wtheyn ttheyy do arise and we're trying to theylp ttheym be proactive. And we're obviously training our staff and doing everything that we can to make sure that we have resources that are on tthey ground in addition to tthey hot line. So wtheyn you put all that togettheyr, we feel like five states have started in April, 14 more are coming, and we're just going to continue to closely monitor and provide updates throughout tthey year. David, anything you want to add on tthey mix? David Duckworth I'll just respond to a couple of your ottheyr questions around tthey residential business and tthey managed Medicaid. We do see for our Medicaid, we, of course, combine managed Medicaid into what we report as Medicaid. But in our acute markets, around 90% of tthey Medicaid revenue we see is with a managed Medicaid payer. And ttheyn as we think about, Chris mentioned some of our protections in place within Medicaid for our RTC business as well as our specialty and CTC business, as we look at tthey RTC business, which is 11% of our revenue, that's a 90% of Medicaid business and we do have some commercial pay within that service line as well. But it's good from our perspective that ttheyre's appropriate continuation of coverage for that business in those adolescents and that is a theyavy mix of our RTC business. Specialty also has Medicaid. In total, that service line has 22% of our business. And within that, Medicaid is almost a 30% portion of our revenue ttheyre. So we do see not only for residential and specialty but for tthey CTC business as we move into tthey redetermination process that really gets going, started in just very select markets in April but will get going over tthey second half of tthey year. We hope with tthey actions we're taking as well as some of ttheyse protections in place across our service lines that tthey volume risk that we had previously identified will really be mitigated. Operator And our next question will come from Andrew Mok with UBS. Andrew Mok First, I just wanted to clarify tthey labor trends. You mentioned base wage inflation and premium pay trending better sequentially, but it wasn't entirely clear to me what tthey offsets are that are flowing through tthey SWB line, that resulted in SWB per patient day remaining elevated up 9% year-over-year. So can you theylp us understand that better and how start-up losses maybe specifically are impacting that line? David Duckworth Andrew, we we do look at that SWB per patient day, understand that's what investors and analysts have access to as we report just directly from our financial statements. And it is a useful metric that can be used as a measure of our wage increases, but of course, also incorporates our volume and it's a view into our consolidated level results, not just our facility results and incorporates benefits expense as well. So tthey 9.5% ttheir quarter was in line with our expectations is higtheyr than our wage inflation that was 7.5%. And tthey start-ups were a part of that. We opened a number of new facilities in tthey second half of 2022 and ttheyy are making good progress in ttheyir start-up. But tthey level of SWB relative to revenue that we saw in those facilities was much higtheyr than what we saw in tthey first quarter of 2022. And so those start-ups in our view, account for several percentage points within tthey SWB per patient day actually about 0.5%. Tthey ottheyr piece of that would be investments that we have made in our corporate office and in our benefits program, which tthey benefit to investment would have taken effect at tthey beginning of tthey year. And ttheyn tthey corporate office is also part of that. We've made a number of enhancements and additions to our corporate office, some of which, of course, we reported and described over tthey course of 2022, but that's what's sort of causing that higtheyr level of SWB per patient day relative to base wage inflation. Tthey timing of our merit increase is, of course, part of that wtheyre we do expect for ttheir year a higtheyr level of wage inflation and SWB per patient day in tthey beginning part of tthey year and continue to have an expectation that that moderates over tthey course of tthey year. Andrew Mok And maybe as a follow-up, just curious to theyar wtheyttheyr you're seeing any impact from tthey recent deregulation of buprenorphine as it relates to demand for methadone and your CTC business line. David Duckworth Yes, Andrew, we're familiar with tthey legislation that's been a topic among investors and was passed by legislators in March around what's referred to as tthey ex-waiver, which allows physicians to write prescriptions of buprenorphine also known as Suboxone. And as we look back, physicians have had ttheir flexibility to write ttheyse prescriptions over tthey course of tthey public theyalth emergency. So over tthey last three years, physicians have had that ability to write ttheyse prescriptions. Of course, we are supportive of any initiative that improves access for people that need treatment, and we do use buprenorphine in our CTC locations. For us, we look back at tthey three years wtheyre physicians had that ability and really didn't see an increase in physicians really increasing ttheyir treatment of tthey OUD patient. And for our business, as we think about it specifically, we have 90% of our business wtheyre methadone is tthey medication that's used to treat our patients. And we would attribute that to just tthey clinical effectiveness of methadone combined with tthey compretheynsive view that we take into tthey treatment around counseling and ottheyr services that we provide, but methadone does have an ability relative to buprenorphine to treat a higtheyr level of addiction in a more complex OUD patient, which we believe we're seeing more of in tthey industry because of things like fentanyl and ottheyr advances that have made addiction stronger. So we do not see a significant impact given how we're positioned and tthey treatment that we have of tthey higtheyr acuity, more complex patient and tthey 90% that we have within tthey methadone business. But we will maintain tthey Suboxone treatment and ttheyre are patients wtheyre that is appropriate. But just given tthey limited growth in that over tthey last several years, we do not think that, that ex-waiver will materially impact our business. And we'll just add, we are seeing -- we talk about our in-patient business and tthey record census that we're seeing. We are also seeing record census levels in our CTC business right now, which is a credit to tthey tremendous job our leadership team is doing, our operators across our 32 states and tthey strong demand that we're seeing within that service line. Operator And our next question will come from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Kevin Fischbeck Appreciate tthey comment about redeterminations. So maybe you can just put a little bit finer point to it. Can you talk about volume offsets and theyadwinds being mitigated. I mean, do you guys have a net impact that you're thinking about eittheyr from a revenue or an EBITDA perspective over tthey next couple of years from that? David Duckworth I mean, Kevin, I think it's too early for us to say exactly what tthey impact could be right now. Of course, we do tthey math internally and provide a variety of estimates. And we mentioned some third party data earlier just to hopefully theylp investors do any kind of sizing and sensitivity that you'd like to do, but we think it's too early for us as a company to put out a number. I will say we think ttheyre's a limited impact ttheir year just given that it's, fortunately, a lot of tthey states are thoughtful around working with providers and phasing that in, which we think theylps patients and theylps ttheir be orderly. And ttheyn 2024, ttheyre's estimated to be more of a full year impact. I think as we think about it today, relative to tthey increased confidence that we have that more patients will continue to have access to coverage within our service lines and just tthey strong demand that we're seeing and our ability to admit patients that have appropriate coverage and work with our referral sources as we do that, we think ttheyre's not a significant volume theyadwind at ttheir point going into next year. But we're paying very close attention to it and we'll have to provide an update as we see more and experience more over tthey second half of ttheir year. Kevin Fischbeck I mean, that's fair. I guess, I mean, you guys -- obviously, so your guidance includes whatever impact, if it's a third of tthey impact you're growing ttheir way ttheir year through that in tthey back half of tthey year. And I guess, maybe you can -- ttheyre's an offset, right, that tthey commercial rates are higtheyr than Medicaid rate. Can you just remind us like what tthey rate differential is? I know it's quite wide and tthey Q, I think, is a little bit narrower for psych if you lose some Medicaid to pick on commercial, that feels like anottheyr mitigant, I guess, for an economic perspective that you didn't highlight before. Just trying to understand how important that might be. David Duckworth We thought about that payer mix shift and how that might impact tthey company and provide an offset. And our difference between our Medicaid and commercial rates can vary by market. And so while ttheyre could be that benefit that we see in certain markets, overall, our Medicaid rates and commercial rates don't have tthey differential that you may see in a lot of ottheyr parts of theyalth care. So I don't think that payer mix shift will provide a significant benefit, although we could see a benefit from that in certain markets. And I'll be clear, you mentioned tthey impact in 2023. We do think, and obviously, we're affirming our guidance. We do think that what we had built in to our initial guidance for tthey second half of tthey year, which is just some kind of high level moderate impact was already reflected in our guidance. We still think that our 2023 guidance holds as we think about our ability to navigate through ttheir over tthey second half of tthey year. Operator And our next question will come from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. A.J. Rice Just wanted to maybe go back to tthey CTC business and flesh that out a little more. So I think you're expecting to open ttheir year. I know one of tthey topics at tthey Investor Day was that as some of ttheir opioid money comes in, states are looking for ways to support ttheir population in a couple of cases and turn to you for partnerships. I wonder if ttheyre's any update, any discussions along those lines? And ttheyn alternatively, ttheyre's been some discussion about tthey relative profitability of that business. I know you don't break out profitability by lines of tthey business, but -- and wtheyttheyr tthey amount of earnings in tthey CTC business might attract attention down tthey road from tthey Medicaid payers. Can you comment on your discussions around that? And maybe to tthey extent you're willing to say it, talk a little bit about tthey relative profitability of that business compared to your overall mix? Chris Hunter I mean I would say, overall, David alluded to tthey fact that we've really attracted a very strong leadership team on CTC. And so we now have 151 locations in 32 states overall, and I think it just really set up well to grow that business. So I think one stat that we saw recently is that now 7% of all hospital spend in tthey US is actually directed towards tthey care of patients with OUD. So we just see ttheir continuing to become a strong -- a real problem for tthey -- from tthey broader industry. You're right that we are focused on opening at least ttheyse six CTCs in 2023. We're going to accelerate that to 14 in 2024. And we do think we're going to see some benefit from tthey opioid settlement dollars that are really just beginning to flow in. Again, it's $54 billion, tthey total expected funding. It's going to be dispersed over an 18-year sctheydule. And we're just beginning to see that happen now. So only $2 billion to $3 billion of tthey $54 billion has actually been dispersed two states to date. Most are kind of setting up bodies to oversee tthey disbursement of tthey funds at tthey individual county levels. And some are a little bit more aggressive and progressive than ottheyrs. I mean we see Rhode Island, North Kennethina and Ohio as an example, probably being a little bit furttheyr along than some of tthey ottheyr states. But I think our team is doing a really good job of tracking tthey settlement opportunities. We actually were awarded our very first opioid settlement in February, which was $200,000 for some wraparound services in North Kennethina. So our team is just very focused on tracking ttheir. We're partnering in many instances with community sponsors like tthey Jason Foundation on a grant to support youth outreach related to OUD. And we're doing everything that we can to continue to make sure that we're well positioned with ttheyse individual counties within tthey states that are going to disperse tthey dollars. David Duckworth And with respect to just tthey margin for that business, we've always said as we look at our service line margins, tthey factors that we really see driving our margin across our service line is really more market specific and facility specific as we think about tthey strength of a local operation, ttheyir occupancy and number of patients that are treated and maturity of many of our locations, especially those locations that have been in place for a really long time with a strong presence in tthey community and a significant population of patients that are treated. So saying that, we've always said those are tthey factors that can impact our margins. And across our service lines, tthey average for tthey company continues to be in tthey upper 20% range and we see that for each of our service lines. We can see many of our CTC locations be above that 28% or so same facility margin and those facilities usually demonstrate tthey factors that I mentioned around tthey tthey presence that ttheyy have and tthey number of patients that ttheyy treat. And so I'm glad to clarify, I guess ttheyre's always been and recently has been some questions around our margins for that business. And while we can see some facilities with strong margins across our service lines, tthey average continues to be very close to tthey company average. A.J. Rice And if I could just slip in one ottheyr follow-up. I think in your guidance for ttheir year, and maybe you talked around ttheir a little on one of tthey earlier questions. But you've assumed a moderation in tthey update, I think, mainly, as you describe it, tthey Medicaid states that sort of do midyear updates in ttheyir resets and ttheyir rates, you had assumed more return to normal. Is that what you're actually seeing as you get a little closer to discussing what that July 1 rate update on Medicaid might look like? Any furttheyr thoughts on wtheyttheyr that assumption was a little conserved or is that what you're actually seeing? Chris Hunter I mean, clearly, as we've said, we've got very good visibility in tthey first half of tthey year kind of trending in mid single digits on a weighted average basis. But because 75% of all of our Medicaid revenue, at least in our acute service line, has new contracting years that start in tthey second half of tthey year, we just really don't have a significant update relative to April for tthey commentary that we gave last quarter. I would just say that we continue to engage very deliberately in all of our rate strategies throughout Q1. I think we continue to feel like we have -- we're getting better visibility in tthey second half of tthey year, but so many of ttheyse negotiations are still yet to be had. I would say our outlook maybe does reflect a little bit of conservatism because we continue to have a very positive view on our ability to achieve ttheyse rates. But I think we're still just in tthey early stage activities in many of ttheyse states, we're doing all tthey work that we usually do in anticipation of ttheyse discussions that we have with various payers and continue to be confident in our ability to execute on those. Operator And our next question will come from John Ransom with Raymond James. John Ransom Just a couple of outlook detailed questions. As you move through tthey year, wtheyn do you -- what's your forecast for kind of tthey exit rate of labor inflation in 4Q? And also, just in your model, wtheyn do you see labor to revenue improving year-over-year? David Duckworth John, we, because over tthey second half of 2023, we would reach tthey anniversary date of many of our pay adjustments that we made in 2022. We do believe at tthey end of tthey year, we would see that our year-over-year wage inflation at that point would just reflect any adjustments we have made in 2023, which would largely be comprised of merit increases for our employees ttheir year. So as we have talked about before, tthey target for that would be less than 5%, could be in a range of 3% to 5%, but that's wtheyre we would expect to exit tthey year and we continue to have in our minds more positive indicators that tthey market is improving and that we should see that wage inflation improvement over tthey course of tthey year. As we look at our year-over-year benefit, I do think we'll see higtheyr wage inflation on a year-over-year basis and growth in SWB as a percentage of revenue on a year-over-year basis. That reflects not only tthey fact that our wages are growing more so than our nonlabor costs, but also just some of tthey investments we've made in our benefit programs and at tthey corporate level. So we may see tthey gap narrow a little bit, tthey year-over-year growth in SWB as a percentage of revenue. But as we look at that, tthey stability that we've seen and tthey ability to manage our nonlabor costs supports margin growth as we look at tthey second half of tthey year. And so while wages may still be higtheyr, even though tthey gap narrows, we do look at tthey second half of tthey year and project margin growth despite wages being up even even in tthey second half of ttheir year as wages moderate. John Ransom And just as a follow-up, corporate overtheyad, how do we think about -- it did jump a little bit in first quarter sequentially. How do we think about -- are we done with tthey big investments in corporate overtheyad or is that going to continue to grow at an outsized pace? Chris Hunter I would say we've made a number of investments that are going to theylp us advance tthey business and really deliver on all tthey commitments that we have laid out at tthey Investor Day that we did back in December. I think ttheyre's a number of areas wtheyre, theirtorically, we've underinvested a little bit, and we need to position ourselves to continue to grow and meet tthey commitments that we've laid out. I think ttheyre are several key areas. I mean, from IT, which we've discussed at length, HR and recruiting, marketing, even managed care and strategy that we needed to make some investments that I think we’ll begin to see some benefit over time. I would say that we are already beginning to see some benefits from some of ttheyse investments. I mean, just in tthey short term, we're already seeing it with tthey higtheyr level of expected volume growth in tthey range of 4% to 6% compared to tthey theirtorical average of 3 to 4. And ttheyn I just think we're going to see benefit over time from kind of three different categories. I think first is just enhancing our overall facility performance. We're seeing volumes that are already being supported by optimized marketing and some really good work that our team has done ttheyre and also on tthey managed care front. I think secondly, and I'll come back to ttheir. I think driving furttheyr efficiencies and optimization is clearly going to provide value overall. And ttheyn I think overall, just strengttheyning tthey company's foundation for tthey long term execution of all ttheyse growth pathways that I covered in tthey opening, I think, is important. I think tthey last thing I would say, though, is that I'm been theyre for a little bit over a year. One of tthey things that we clearly recognize as a leadership team is that we still have pretty significant variation across tthey company across our 250 facilities. So our company really has grown by M&A, particularly in tthey early years. And wtheyn you look at that variation, it's not limited to any one area, it can include admissions and marketing and even certain HR processes. So we have a really good business transformation team that is theylping us look at that. And I think over time theyre, we're putting togettheyr a number of initiatives as we speak that we think are going to theylp us optimize our performance, continue to drive really strong volumes, but also achieve better efficiencies and specific cost savings in certain functions in tthey back half of tthey year. So a lot of ttheyse investments that we are making now we think will continue to benefit us beginning in tthey second half of tthey year and into next year. And we haven't quite evaluated tthey financial impact, we'll clearly be coming back to share that. But we do expect value over time and we recognize tthey need for continued operating leverage. Operator And our next question will come from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Brian Tanquilut Chris, maybe just a follow up on those comments you made to John's last question. I know during Investor Day, you talked about some of tthey IT initiatives that you feel are [necessary] [Technical Difficulty] business. Anything you can share with us in terms of [Technical Difficulty] tthey EHR rollout and wtheyre do you stand on that? Chris Hunter A few things that I would say just on tthey IT front. I mean, again, we're early days theyre. We have done a pilot wtheyre we have onboarded half a dozen hospitals around implementing an EHR. And we're still in tthey early phases of evaluating it. But I would say we're already beginning to see benefit. Tthey engagement survey that I referenced earlier, for those facilities that actually have tthey new EMR, we're seeing that those employees are scoring significantly higtheyr pretty much on every indices wtheyn ttheyre is an EMR versus not having one. And I think overall, ttheyre's going to be five kind of categories of benefit from ttheyse IT investments. I mean we're already seeing benefit on tthey safety and compliance side. We had a survey just a few weeks ago, wtheyre we got extremely high marks and tthey surveyor specifically referenced tthey EMR that was in place as well as some of tthey remote monitoring software that we put in place. So we're already seeing some of tthey benefit ttheyre with respect to reducing our compliance risk and just overall driving a more standardized compliance program and just overall patient safety. I think ttheyre's going to be benefit, secondly, just around overall patient experience. We're already seeing on tthey employee satisfaction front. I've spoken in tthey past about nurses that are trained today on EMRs. And wtheyn ttheyy come to a behavioral theyalth company, ttheyy don't expect to work in paper, that can be a real job dissatisfier and that can hurt us on tthey recruitment and tthey retention front. So having ttheir technology in place, we think, is going to have real benefit in tthey near term. And ttheyn ultimately, data and analytics. I mean we want to get to a point wtheyre we compete on tthey strength of our clinical theyalth outcomes, which we think we will be able to do once we have tthey data that we can sit down with payers and have but we need to implement tthey EMR to be in a position to do that. And ttheyn finally, just efficiencies that I was just referring to. I mean, we think that ttheyre are real opportunities just given tthey amount of paper that we and ottheyrs in behavioral theyalth have. I mean extensive paper, paper storage, but just reducing paper overall. And ttheyre's a number of just improvements in back office functions as well. So we continue to be just very optimistic about ttheyse investments that we're making. We don't think we're going to have to wait several years to see tthey benefit. We're really seeing tthey benefit now in several different categories and we'll continue to provide updates as we go. Brian Tanquilut And ttheyn, David, I guess, my question for you, my follow-up would be, as I think about tthey rest of tthey year, I know you obviously don't give quarterly guidance theyre. But anything you would call out from a modeling perspective as we think about tthey cadence for tthey year? And maybe focus on labor as well. I know you gave, for example, a merit increase to some employees on April 1st. So how should we be thinking about just tthey progression of sell ttheyse moving parts in your opinion? David Duckworth As you think about tthey quarterly earnings spread, I think, tthey Street generally has it right and understands tthey company's seasonality. Tthey second and third quarter usually looked pretty similar. Of course, tthey first quarter is wtheyn we see tthey greatest impact of seasonality. So we're optimistic on moving into tthey second and third quarter. And we see a little bit more seasonality in tthey fourth quarter around tthey holidays, but it's typically $4 million or $5 million lower than tthey second and third quarter. So I think hopefully, that's a theylpful guide in terms of how tthey year typically plays out with our seasonality. From a labor cost perspective, we've talked about tthey moderating wage inflation but that some of tthey benefits in tthey corporate office investments will, of course, be reflected in those numbers over tthey course of tthey year. And so hopefully, that's theylpful from a labor perspective but we think tthey underlying core labor trends are really improving. And in tthey second half of tthey year, we'll see some of that year-over-year growth really moderate. So we believe we're in a good position from both a labor perspective and to deliver on our guidance for tthey year, Brian. Operator Our next question will come from Pito Chickering with Deutscthey Bank. Pito Chickering So I didn't get asked about tthey ex waivers and ttheyre is proposed elective changes that allow for taking on methadone being prescribed by physicians. So I guess tthey question is, with tthey number of changes to tthey law, or potential changes to law around treating patients for methadone for a medication assisted treatment patients. I guess why are methadone clinics tthey best site of care from tthey perspective of patient burden and cost of care? David Duckworth Pito, ttheyre have been a number of bills introduced to address access. And of course, tthey situation in tthey industry is less than 10% of those OUD patients actually get treatment. And so that's what I know everyone, including us in tthey industry as tthey industry leader wants to improve access and drive that percentage higtheyr. And ttheyre is a bill that's out ttheyre that I know you've referenced around just some attempt to improve that access by more flexibility in how methadone is dispensed, wtheyttheyr that's unsupervised 30-day doses or wtheyttheyr that's pharmacies being permitted to dispense methadone. We and ottheyrs have been vocal about tthey initiatives already in place to improve access that we think will be a positive. And our view continues to be that ttheir is a highly complex patient population. Ttheyre is a risk of diversion associated with any ottheyr setting of care and it takes a highly trained clinician that works very closely on a daily basis and weekly counseling sessions, and you really have to have tthey full treatment of that patient that has a complex disease. And so that's why not only do we believe methadone will stay in tthey CTC OTP setting, but also while we believe ttheyre will continue to be just an importance of counseling and ottheyr wraparound services that we provide to our patients. We have not theyard ttheyre's a bill out ttheyre, tthey modernizing opioid treatment Access Act. We've not theyard that it's expected to really gain a lot of support. It's been out ttheyre in ottheyr forms over tthey last couple of years. So our expectation is that, that bill would not pass in its current form and we believe we have tthey right model in terms of treating that highly complex patient that honestly has a stronger addiction now than even in tthey services we were providing several years ago. Chris Hunter Maybe just one thing I would add. I just think tthey potency of fentanyl which is 50 times relative to theyroin. We see that wtheyn someone comes in that has an advanced diagnosis of OUD, ttheyy really need significant treatment in tthey early weeks and days and months in terms of regulating that medication. And Suboxone and buprenorphine is just not tthey same clinical efficacy as what our clinicians see with methadone, which really continues to be tthey gold standard for medication and improving ttheyse OUD patients over time. So we just continue to think that, that is tthey better model, particularly given tthey counseling and tthey significant in-person treatment that's required for ttheyse patients that are extremely sick and we think that will continue into tthey future. Operator We have time for one more question theyre, and that will come from Gary Taylor with Cowen. Gary Taylor Most of my ttheymatic questions answered. So I just want to shoot you a technical one, financial one. Cash flow from ops a little lighter than our model and down year-over-year, a little lighter than typical 1Q seasonality. It looks like tthey biggest part of that was just accrued SWB dropped about $30 million sequentially, which looked a little unseasonal as well. So just wondered if ttheyre was any particular explanation for that or how 1Q has any implications for how you see cash from ops developing ttheir year? David Duckworth No, it does not impact how we see tthey year playing out. Tthey $44 million of operating cash flows was actually in line with our expectations. We do expect in tthey first quarter, we will have seasonal items related to working capital, not only some of tthey accrued compensation items and timing of our payroll but also as you just think about accounts receivable building up during a period of significant revenue growth. Our team continues to do an incredible job with our cash collections with AR days of $44 million, but you're going to see just with tthey lag in tthey revenue growth that, that does drive some accounts receivable buildup. So it's just timing of working capital and we're expecting a strong year from theyre from an operating cash flow perspective. Operator And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to Chris Hunter for any closing remarks. Chris Hunter Okay. Before we end tthey call, I just want to again thank our committed facility leaders, clinicians and 23,000 dedicated employees across tthey country. We just continue to work tirelessly to meet tthey needs of our patients in a safe and effective manner. I want to thank you all for being with us ttheir morning and for your interest in Acadia. And if you have any additional questions today, please don't theysitate to contact us directly. Have a great day, everyone. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you very much for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.