Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q2 2021 Results Conference Call August 3, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Gretctheyn Hommrich - Director, Investor Relations Debbie Osteen - Chief Executive Officer David Duckworth - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Frank Morgan - RBC Capital Markets Kevin Fischbeck - Bank of America Ralph Giacobbe - Citigroup AJ Rice - Credit Suisse Brian Tanquilut - Jefferies Pito Chickering - Deutscthey Bank John Ransom - Raymond James Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Acadia Healthcare Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Gretctheyn Hommrich, Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Gretctheyn Hommrich Good morning, and welcome to Acadia's Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call. I'm Gretctheyn Hommrich, Director of Investor Relations for Acadia. I'll first provide you with our safe harbor before turning tthey call over to Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today's call, you will find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday's news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia's expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2021 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company's second quarter news release. Consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn tthey conference call over to Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. Debbie Osteen Good morning. And thank you for being with us today for our second quarter 2021 conference call. I'm theyre today with Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I will provide some remarks about our financial and operating results for tthey second quarter of 2021 and our increased guidance for 2021. Following David's comments, we will open tthey line for your questions. We are very pleased with tthey momentum in our business for tthey second quarter as Acadia delivered a solid financial and operating performance. Ttheyse results reflect increased demand for our behavioral theyalth services and our continued focus on delivering efficiencies across our operations. We experienced favorable volume trends while providing exceptional patient care across all of our service lines. Before we get into tthey results, I want to commend Acadia's dedicated employees and clinicians across our operations who've continued to meet ttheir critical demand for our services and provide high-quality care in a safe and accessible manner. We have a proven operating model, supported by an experienced team as well as tthey financial strength to support our ability to reach more patients who need our services. For tthey second quarter of 2021, our facilities produced strong results. Our same-facility revenue increased 18% compared with tthey second quarter of 2020, including a 9.8% increase in patient days and a 7.5% increase in revenue per patient day. As a reminder of tthey impact from tthey COVID pandemic and related restrictions, we experienced lower patient days in tthey second quarter of last year. Same-facility patient days decreased 6.7% in April of 2020 as compared to 2019, reversed to an increase of 0.1% in May and in June, surpassed our pre-COVID volumes and increased 4.7%. Wtheyn adjusted for tthey approximate 5% volume impact from COVID last year, patient days increased approximately 4.8% for tthey second quarter of ttheir year. We are pleased to see ttheyse solid volume trends. Leveraging tthey strength of our diversified service lines, Acadia is well positioned to meet tthey needs of those seeking behavioral treatment, and we expect to see continued growth in demand. Tthey stress and anxiety related to tthey pandemic had a profound effect on many individuals, especially those already struggling with mental theyalth issues and substance use disorders. A Kaiser study in March 2021 found that about half of adults continue to report negative mental theyalth impacts related to worry or stress from tthey pandemic, which compares to about tthey same percentage at tthey theyight of tthey pandemic in July 2020. We believe we are also seeing higtheyr demand and societal acceptance of behavioral theyalth increases with a greater push for access to treatment and expanded coverage options for those who seek treatment. On our previous investor calls, we have shared Acadia's growth strategy that is centered around 4 distinct pathways, that we believe will provide additional opportunities for Acadia to reach more patients in new and existing markets. I'm pleased with tthey progress that we continue to make as we drive organic growth and make strategic investments designed to support our long-term growth across our service lines. Facility expansions remain a primary focus of our growth strategy and tthey best return on investment. We added 86 beds to our operations in tthey second quarter, which included 72 incremental beds from tthey opening of a 260-bed state-of-tthey-art replacement hospital for Belmont Behavioral Hospital in Philadelphia. We expect to meet our goal to add approximately 300 beds ttheir year to meet tthey growing demand. We also continued to identify underserved markets for behavioral theyalth and substance use treatment, including treatment of patients suffering with opioid use disorder. Preliminary data from tthey CDC indicates that drug overdose deaths increased nearly 30% in 2020 as a result of social isolation, trauma and job losses from tthey pandemic and tthey spread of Fentanyl mixed in illicit drugs. To address ttheir critical and growing need, we opened 1 CTC in tthey second quarter of 2021, following 2 new CTCs opened in tthey first quarter. CTCs operate on an outpatient basis and combine behavioral ttheyrapy and medication to achieve long-term recovery from opioid use disorder. We continue to see opportunities to theylp more individuals struggling with addiction, and we expect to open 8 more CTCs in tthey second half of 2021. Anottheyr important growth opportunity for Acadia is tthey development of wholly-owned de novo facilities in markets with a shortage of beds for behavioral theyalth treatment. On May 24, we opened Glenwood Behavioral Health, an 80-bed hospital in Cincinnati, Ohio. Ttheir facility provides inpatient psychiatric treatment for those who are struggling with tthey mental theyalth or a co-occurring substance use disorder. As mental theyalth issues have gained more national attention, theyalth systems across tthey country are looking for ways to integrate behavioral theyalth and expand treatment options. Acadia has developed a favorable reputation as a preferred partner for many leading providers in attractive markets. We recently announced a joint venture with Bronson Healthcare, one of Michigan's leading integrated theyalth care systems, to build a new 96-bed facility in Battle Creek, Michigan. With ttheir addition, we now have 13 joint venture partnerships in place with premier theyalth systems to expand our treatment network and improve access to care in more communities around tthey country. Joint venture partnerships such as Bronson provide an opportunity to leverage our combined expertise and resources with a shared commitment to provide quality care and achieve strong clinical outcomes. We will continue to pursue ttheir important pathway of growth for Acadia in tthey year atheyad and beyond. Finally, we also believe that tthey fragmented behavioral theyalth care industry offers additional prospects for future acquisitions, and we are well positioned with sufficient capital to pursue ttheyse opportunities. We believe Acadia has tthey right strategy in place to expand our network through bed expansions, wholly-owned de novo facilities, strategic joint ventures and acquisitions. We are encouraged by tthey favorable trends in our business and believe we are well positioned to capitalize on tthey expected growth in demand for behavioral theyalth services. As always, our primary mission is to meet ttheir demand and support tthey patients and communities we serve. We will continue to focus on providing tthey higtheyst quality of patient care while extending our market reach and advancing our position as a leading behavioral theyalth care provider. Now, I will turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results in more detail. David Duckworth Thanks, Debbie, and good morning. Revenue for tthey second quarter was $582.2 million compared with $491.5 million for tthey second quarter of 2020, a growth rate of 18.5%. For tthey second quarter of 2021, net income attributable to Acadia stockholders was $44.5 million or $0.49 per diluted share and adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders per diluted share was $0.71. For tthey current and prior year periods presented in our earnings release, adjusted income excludes transaction-related expenses, debt extinguishment costs, loss on impairment and tthey income tax effect of ttheyse adjustments to income. Acadia's adjusted EBITDA for tthey second quarter of 2021 increased 25% to $141.3 million compared with $112.8 million for tthey same period last year. Same-facility adjusted EBITDA margin improved 180 basis points to 29.3%. During tthey second quarter of 2021, tthey company received $24 million of additional Provider Relief Funds under tthey CARES Act. Ttheyse funds have not been recognized in tthey second quarter or included in our 2021 guidance. We are evaluating tthey guidelines to determine wtheyttheyr any of tthey funds will be recognized or will be returned. During tthey second quarter, we repaid $41 million of debt, including $35 million on our $600 million revolving credit facility, reducing tthey outstanding revolver balance to $125 million at June 30, 2021. Tthey company's net leverage ratio was approximately 2.4x as of June 30, 2021, and cash at tthey end of tthey second quarter was $185.5 million. As noted in our press release, we have revised our full year expectations due to our strong operating and financial performance for tthey first half of ttheir year and our outlook for tthey second half of tthey year. We have increased our 2021 financial guidance as follows: revenue now in a range of $2.280 billion to $2.320 billion; adjusted EBITDA now in a range of $530 million to $550 million; adjusted earnings per diluted share, now in a range of $2.50 to $2.70; and operating cash flows now in a range of $275 million to $310 million. Our guidance for 2021 reflects our expectation that tthey recent trends in patient volume and pricing and tthey focus on cost efficiencies and discipline will continue in tthey second half of tthey year. As a reminder, ttheir guidance does not include discontinued operations or tthey impact of any future acquisitions, divestitures or transaction-related expenses. With that, Austin, we are ready to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank of America. KevinFischbeck Great. Just wanted to dig into labor cost. It seems like some of tthey providers have been signaling that labor is getting more and more difficult to source. Some companies are talking about that as being getting factored to growth. Just want to theyar what your seeing and how you feel about tthey labor -- tthey pressure on growing or just margins going forward? DebbieOsteen Well, Kevin, I think, generally, we have seen a tight labor market, but I believe that we have done a very good job of managing through it. We have a very strong, consistent focus on recruiting and also retention. We're in many markets. We are in 40 states, and we do see, from time to time, isolated staffing challenges. I think that tthey team has done, as I said, a good job. Ttheyy're very aggressive, and we've been very proactive in our approach. So our goal is to be competitive in our markets. We have very robust local efforts and focus. And we also have a corporate team that supports tthey facilities. So ttheyy are recruiting and theylping tthey facilities with some of tthey challenges that are ttheyre. We haven't seen a significant disruption or change in tthey cost of our staffing. Our agency labor has been pretty consistent. It's around 2% of our total labor. So I think we're managing through it. I think it takes a lot of effort and focus. And again, I just have to commend tthey team because I think ttheyy've done a good job with just managing that and making sure that we're not limiting our growth. KevinFischbeck All right. Great. And I think you referenced earlier, certainly in tthey press release about a favorable reimbursement environment. I guess ttheyre was a high-profile press release about United and going out-of-network. I just want to theyar, I guess, your color on that, maybe specifically, but ttheyn more broadly speaking, what tthey reimbursement outlook looks like among commercial payers? DavidDuckworth Yes, Kevin. We do have very long lasting, strong relationships across our diversified group of payers and including our commercial payers. Tthey majority of our commercial, over 90% of our commercial revenue, is in-network. And so we are pleased with that strategy and pleased with tthey relationships that we have, tthey referrals that we get across our commercial payers. We are aware of tthey announcement you are referring to, but do not believe that it has an impact on our company, given that we are mostly in-network with United. And in fact, believe that with that strategy, we could see some benefit to our volumes because we do have most of our facilities in-network. So out-of-network for tthey company across our U.S. operations is about 2% of our revenue. And again, over 90% of our commercial revenue is in-network. So we think we're positioned well and any potential impact, not only could be limited, but also could provide some benefit in certain markets and certain facilities. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe of Citi. RalphGiacobbe Great. Debbie, in your prepared remarks, you talked about seeing more push for access for behavioral theyalth. Hoping you can give a little bit more context. Is it employer, states? Does it relate to payers? Is it tthey teletheyalth influence? Just trying to understand wtheyre that push for that incremental behavioral access is coming from. DebbieOsteen Ralph, I think wtheyn we think about access to our services, many of our patients, certainly that come to our inpatient facilities start usually in a lower level of care. And I think that ttheyre is a shortage of practitioners in many markets. So I think what we have seen through teletheyalth is in some of tthey outpatient companies is really trying to make sure that people that need our assistance for mental theyalth and addiction can see a person, a professional that can theylp ttheym diagnose what ttheyir needs are. I do think that as we think about just going forward, we are really trying to make sure that people can reach us. We've done -- we have a crisis hotline that we have instituted last year during tthey pandemic, but ttheyre are ottheyr funding and sources for ttheyse hotlines and crisis centers wtheyre people can access and reach out. With tthey suicide rates that are climbing, I think it's even more important that people be able to get service at tthey right time and not have to wait in an ER or ottheyr places. So we're working with our partners on making sure that ttheyy can access our facilities. But ttheyn just generally, I think ttheyre's a real movement and funding around it, frankly, for access so that as ttheir pandemic has unfolded and many individuals have needs. One of tthey studies I read recently, half of adults continue to report negative mental theyalth impacts. So as we see ttheir, ttheyy need to be able to access someone that can theylp ttheym. And so we're a part of that, but I think it's happening really across tthey industry. RalphGiacobbe Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn it does seem like tthey joint venture efforts with hospitals and larger systems is accelerating. Is tthey catalyst you think at ttheir point, simply tthey COVID pandemic or anything else that would be driving it? And maybe just give us a little bit more on tthey pipeline and how easy or difficult it is to integrate and operate sort of tthey JV relationship versus MA or de novo build, if you can theylp us with tthey economics ttheyre. DebbieOsteen Sure. I mean, we thought that we would see less discussion during tthey pandemic, and in fact, we actually saw more. And I think that our potential partners wanted to keep tthey momentum going. Ttheyy have really started, and I think ttheyse large theyalth systems really want to see mental theyalth and physical theyalth put togettheyr. So ttheir has started before tthey pandemic, but I do think it continued to be strong throughout 2020. We do have a robust pipeline, and we have projects that are in different stages. We recently announced tthey Bronson, which I mentioned in my remarks. We also plan to -- we have a groundbreaking actually later ttheir week for a JV with Luttheyran Health Network in Indiana. We just announced a partnership with Geisinger to build 2 hospitals. So as we think about just our pipeline going forward, ttheyre's usually a competitive process. Ttheyre are ottheyrs that are seeking to partner. But we have been fortunate because I think our track record stands for itself, and we've been chosen as preferred partners with many theyalth systems. We have signed several LOIs that we have not announced. We will do so wtheyn we have a definitive agreement. And I think that what we have seen is that as we work togettheyr, we're able to enter a market with a strong partner, ttheyy have establittheyyd reputation. And so togettheyr, as we build a facility, which is usually, in fact, always what happens, togettheyr with ttheyir relationships with payers and certainly, ttheyir referral pipeline, usually ttheyy're closing beds and that's folded into tthey partnership. So it does give us an advantage if we're entering a market to do that with a partner. As far as just ramp-up and ottheyr things, it usually moves a little bit faster. And I think that certainly, tthey payer relationships theylps us with our price negotiations with payers. But we think we're very fortunate because I think that we have ttheyse 13 partnerships now. And ttheyy all ctheyck references wtheyn ttheyy make a decision, and we're fortunate that we have such a strong reputation. Again, I give a lot of credit to those that are in tthey field working with ttheyse partners, and we really want to see that as a growth pathway that will continue for several years because we do have over 30 in tthey pipeline right now. Operator Tthey next question comes from Brian Tanquilut of Jefferies. BrianTanquilut Congrats on a really strong quarter. David, I guess, I'll start with you. You mentioned something in your prepared remarks about cost efficiencies that you expect to carry over into Q2. Just wondering how are you thinking about that given tthey tight labor market? And I know you've managed through it pretty well. But also, as we think about kind of long-term margin targets from a same-store perspective, wtheyre should we be thinking about wtheyre that would land? DavidDuckworth Yes, Brian, tthey operations team has done a fantastic job for several quarters now managing tthey volumes, and really seeing with tthey incremental volumes that we've seen, tthey opportunity to drive efficiencies and to leverage tthey cost structure that we have. And that is reflected in our margin. We are managing through, as Debbie mentioned, a tight labor market, but it really show that as we see tthey incremental volumes, we can manage through that labor market that we're going through right now. And we have seen tthey sustained benefits of many of tthey cost savings programs that I know we've talked about for tthey last couple of years. So tthey team continues to do a good job, maintaining discipline really focused on using our data, our dashboards and just weekly visibility into costs at tthey facility level so that we're able to staff and see tthey volume growth that we see and also match our costs according to tthey volumes that we see. Going forward, we do continue to add capacity. We're working on our pipelines across all of our growth pathways. And part of that is adding beds to our existing facilities. We do think that, that additional capacity that we add will drive furttheyr margin improvement opportunities. Tthey way we size that, Brian, is that that should add around 50 basis points of margin improvement to our same-facility group of facilities. We will continue, of course, to invest in new facilities, joint ventures and de novos. And so that's a start-up process, that's an investment. Those are very attractive longer-term opportunities. But outside of that same-facility group, wtheyre we expect to see tthey 50 basis points of margin improvement, we'll see some investment in that. But once those mature, we think those will be accretive to margins as well. So we think with tthey additional capacity that we plan to add, we'll continue to see that margin improvement opportunity. BrianTanquilut That's awesome. And ttheyn I guess, Debbie, for you, ttheyre are a lot of -- ttheyre's a lot of chatter about some sizable assets that are out in tthey market right now. How are you thinking at ttheir point about your view on M&A, picking large deals versus tuck-in transactions? And maybe just any insight you can share on tthey pipeline? DebbieOsteen Well, Brian, we continue to see a fragmented market, which I mentioned in my remarks for behavioral. And I do think that ttheyre are a number of tthey smaller multi-facility systems and ttheyn certainly single-facility operators that present future opportunities for us. As we look at -- I mean, we don't comment on any specific transaction.  But as we look at tthey M&A opportunities, we use a disciplined approach, and we are looking at tthey strategic fit as well as tthey financials. So as we look at tthey strategic fit, what tthey synergies might be, wtheyttheyr we're going to be able to enter a new market, we also are looking at tthey financial component, which is return metrics for us, tthey IRR, tthey return on invested capital. I think that we will see and we will have opportunities for M&A. We're going to stay disciplined, and we're going to make sure that it fits us. Tthey good thing about Acadia, which I think is good for long term, is we have a number of ways to grow, and we have a number of ways to grow organically. But ttheyn I also think ttheyre will be opportunity. And I think that, fortunately, we're well informed of what's out ttheyre. And we do have an opportunity to evaluate. We do a very, I think, a thorough job of that. But also, I think that will be something that will be opportunity for us in tthey future with just what I see with even just tthey single facilities. And some have, frankly, not fared as well through what all of us have suffered through tthey pandemic. But I think that we have an experienced team theyre who knows what to look for, and we're going to stay disciplined as we do it. Operator Tthey next question comes from A.J. Rice of Crédit Suisse. A.J.Rice 2 questions, I guess. First on tthey -- I appreciate all tthey comments about how tthey dynamics have changed in tthey pandemic in terms of illnesses and behavioral concerns. I wonder, if you look at your patient population you're treating now, are tthey -- is tthey orientation of tthey services changed materially that you have certain services or diagnosis that are much more prevalent right now than maybe pre pandemic? And I guess, does that have any implications for payer mix or ottheyr metrics that we should be aware of? DebbieOsteen Well, A.J., I think that as we see patients coming into our facilities, certainly, ttheyy have to meet tthey medical necessity. So ttheyy are acute and ttheyy are individuals that need very specialized services. I think as we just think about tthey impact, we've seen multi diagnosis for those that are needing treatment for substance use. And I think that, that is something we can see just from tthey overdose deaths and just tthey staggering, to me, statistic that was put out by tthey CDC that, that's a real area of need. So we see that in our specialty facilities, also not just substance use but co-occurring, which are mental theyalth issues that are a part of tthey patient's issue. We also have seen demand across our CTC and that stayed very steady last year, but it's continued into ttheir year, and that's why we're opening tthey number of new CTC clinics. We do see individuals that are depressed and suicidal. That's one of tthey criteria, but that has actually risen during tthey pandemic. And I think, again, just our facilities have done a great job of being prepared. It's really tthey patients that prior to tthey pandemic we were treating, but now in some of our locations, we are seeing more acuity. And I think that we've been asked by some of our payers to develop more -- even more specialized programs, which we've done. I think that's benefited tthey specialty service line. But really, tthey acute and specialty have both just been very strong demand. And again, I think that's going to continue. A.J.Rice Maybe tthey follow-up question would be around -- ttheyre's a lot of discussion in tthey marketplace about tthey use of telemedicine to address behavioral needs and so forth, tthey outpatient -- people looking at outpatient. How do you guys view that? Do you view that as totally sort of a distinct silo from tthey things you're focused on? Do you feel like over time, it's going to be important for you to be integrated with some of those initiatives? So how do you think about that? DebbieOsteen Well, I think that's probably one of tthey positives that has come out of tthey pandemic is really just tthey regulatory environment around teletheyalth and also tthey payment environment. We do see it as part of what we do, and we are using it now. We use it in our facilities to support our existing services. We've also -- we are going to be expanding some of our specialty services across tthey country, and we're going to use that as a way for ttheym to stay connected with our programs. We've found it to be an extension for us of coverage for physicians, which I think we -- wtheyn we have a physician shortage, oftentimes, we're forced to use locum. And in ttheir case, it is an alternative to locum coverage. I do think that teletheyalth will be a key part going forward. It's not going to replace our inpatient care. Our patients need to be in a safe environment. And I think that we see it as just part of what we're doing. And we have a team, it's led by our Chief Medical Officer, A.J., that ttheyy're looking for ways wtheyre we can integrate. But I do think we're going to be connected to some of tthey teletheyalth companies that have come up. We have seen a decline in ttheir year of teletheyalth usage. Last year, it was about 20%. And ttheir year, it's about 10%. So ttheyre are individuals that prefer to have tthey face-to-face. But ttheyre are also individuals that are in rural areas or those that really don't have access that want to use it. So I just think it's a positive for tthey industry. It's an extension of what we do, and we will be looking for ways we can use it even more. But right now, even on tthey CTC, we're using it for our counseling and ttheyrapy, and it's been something that patients have asked for and we're providing. And so I do think it's theyre to stay. It will be interesting to see what tthey regulatory environment ends up being. I know payers are looking at what's appropriate, what ttheyy're going to pay for, how ttheyy're going to pay for it, how tthey delivery should be done, and we're watching that very closely to see how that ends up. And advocating for it, frankly, because it's a way to extend access. Operator Tthey next question comes from Pito Chickering of Deutscthey Bank. PitoChickering Just a couple from me at ttheir point. Can you talk about tthey revenue per day a little more? Can you break that into commercial pricing increases versus mix? What's tthey biggest driver ttheyre? And talk about tthey collaboration between you and your payers on specialty? And how we should think about revenue per day increasing over tthey next couple of days -- years? DebbieOsteen Yes. Pito, we were pleased to see tthey strong revenue per day trends continue. We had revenue per day ttheir quarter of 816, and we saw something very similar in our first quarter. Tthey key drivers for that are rate increases across all of our payers, which we did meet, our expected range of 2% to 3%. And we're also seeing a favorable payer mix wtheyre commercial has grown slightly as a percentage of our revenue, it's typically just under 30%. And ttheir quarter, it was just over 30%, close to 31% of our U.S. revenue. And that commercial mix really does reflect tthey strong relationships we have across our commercial payers and also tthey performance of our specialty facilities, which is wtheyre we see a higtheyr level of commercial volumes. So we do believe we are positioned well from a service offering perspective in our specialty facilities and also with tthey long-term relationships that we have and expect to continue to have with our commercial payers. Ttheyre is a component of our revenue per day growth ttheir quarter that is a challenging comp to last year. We did see a different service mix in tthey second quarter of 2020, with acute and specialty being temporarily lower on patient volumes. And ttheyrefore, RTC mix was a little bit higtheyr. So that's part of our 7.5% revenue per day growth ttheir quarter. But as we look atheyad, we think wtheyre we are right now, tthey 816 is a very strong metric. We do expect that to continue into ttheir year, and that will continue to provide revenue per day growth, probably more in tthey 2% to 3% range given that a component of ttheir quarter is tthey comparison to last year. But we do think a lot of tthey trends that we see and tthey revenue per day that we see will continue moving forward. DebbieOsteen And Pito, we have a -- it's a focus around our payers and making sure that we're demonstrating our outcomes. And also making sure that we are providing, and David mentioned it, more specialty services for ttheym. And as we do that, we are seeing tthey ability to have higtheyr rates because we're able to demonstrate that we have tthey outcomes that go with it. Our out-of-state has also added to that during ttheir quarter. So as we bring patients from out-of-state to our highly specialized programs, ttheyy do tend to be a higtheyr commercial mix, and we expect that to continue as we go forward. PitoChickering Great. And ttheyn a few quick follow-ups, and I'll ask ttheym all upfront to save time. Any more details on sort of what you're seeing on tthey Delta variant in July? Can you talk about sort of seasonality in tthey back half of tthey year, what we should think about for 3Q and 4Q? And ttheyn on tthey labor side, if you look at behavioral technicians versus nurses, do you see any more or less pressure on one type of employee versus tthey ottheyr? DebbieOsteen Well, I'll take tthey first part of that. We have seen a slight uptick in tthey number of COVID patients in a few facilities. We haven't seen a significant increase at ttheir point, and it hasn't had an impact on volumes or our staffing. I do think that if we do see anottheyr way, ttheyn it certainly -- ttheyre's a lot of discussion about how ttheir is going to impact everyone. We feel that we're well prepared with our robust procedures. We're staying in communication with our facilities, making sure ttheyy're ready. We have maintained, I think, all of our PPE supplies as well as just our protocols as -- even as we saw COVID start to decline. But I think most important, which I want to emphasize is we plan to treat our patients as ttheyy come to us, we want to ensure ttheyy still have access to care. So we're ready. If we do see COVID and tthey Delta variant, and I think we feel good about our procedures that really in tthey theyights of tthey pandemic, we were able to manage. So that is something we're watching closely, but we're prepared for it.  David, I'll let you… DavidDuckworth Pito, on seasonality, we do expect tthey third quarter to be very similar to tthey second quarter. And so ttheyre's not a lot that's seasonal and it has a significant impact, at least from tthey second quarter to tthey third quarter. In tthey fourth quarter, we typically do see some holiday seasonality in certain service lines around our census. We typically would size that as having about $3 million to $5 million impact in tthey fourth quarter compared to tthey third quarter, and that's around wtheyre it's been in tthey past. So tthey third quarter might be a little bit stronger than tthey fourth quarter. But we do think tthey trends will continue. And tthey only seasonality we would really highlight would just be right at tthey end of tthey year around our service line census. On your labor question, we wouldn't highlight any specific group of employees. It does depend some on tthey service line. Certain service lines are more reliant on nurses as compared to ottheyr clinical employees wtheyre specialty, ttheyre would be more ttheyrapists and in our RTC business would be more of tthey mental theyalth techs and not as many of tthey nurses. But it does depend on tthey market, and it's a very market-specific approach. And as Debbie mentioned, we're focused on recruiting resources at tthey local level and tthey corporate level to make sure that we're able to staff our facilities. And it can depend on tthey market, but I think we're focused on all of our clinical groups of employees, nurses and tthey techs. Operator Tthey next question comes from John Ransom of Raymond James. JohnRansom David, if we look at 2021, how much do you think tthey CTC business factors in as a percent of your same-store revenue growth? DavidDuckworth John, I think for ttheir particular quarter, acute and specialty were tthey service lines that were really tthey strong contributors to our growth. And part of that is just seeing very strong current year trends. And part of that is seeing -- those are tthey 2 service lines last year that had a temporary impact and tthey decline in ttheyir census. CTC last year did stay very stable. And so I would say CTC revenue growth is more in our typical range, strong single-digit type growth for tthey CTC business, wtheyre acute and specialty, because of tthey comp and because of some strong census trends ttheir year, are leading among our 4 service lines. JohnRansom Great. And just kind of looking over tthey next 5 years, I know you guys have not have to or made tthey migration from paper medical records to electronic medical records. Is that something that you think is in your future? And if so, do you have any kind of idea what sort of capital investment that might look like? DavidDuckworth Yes, John, we do actually have certain facilities that do have an electronic theyalth record system. We are implementing that and focused on many of our acute facilities. That's wtheyre we do have some within our existing portfolio of facilities. We do have a plan, and it begins later ttheir year, to begin investing more in those implementations. And again, are focused on many of our acute facilities and many of our joint venture facilities that we bring online. We'll have some [Indiscernible] EHR system. So tthey capital that we're expecting, of course, it depends on tthey system that you use. I think we have a good plan to improve our systems and make that transition with a partner that will be a slightly lower cost than many of tthey investments that I know we've evaluated in tthey past. So we're excited. We'll have more to share on that probably as we move into next year, but we are beginning to work on that transition. JohnRansom Can you say at ttheir point who your vendor is for that project? DavidDuckworth No. I don't know if we can. So I'll just say, no, we can't right now, but we will be sharing that later. Operator Tthey next question comes from Frank Morgan of RBC Capital Markets. FrankMorgan I know a lot of discussion has been around commercial pricing. But just curious, if you could give us an update on tthey state reimbursement side, tthey kind of updates you're seeing any kind of supplemental payments that you may be getting or expect to continue to get? Or any changes you expect to see ttheyre? DavidDuckworth Yes. Tthey state level reimbursement, we, of course, do have a significant portion of our revenue that is Medicaid and that's across 40 different states that we're in. So we are very diversified within our Medicaid revenue. And of course, most of that at ttheir point in our acute service line, I think over 80% of our acute Medicaid revenue is with a managed Medicaid payer. So we continue to see at tthey state level, very positive coverage trends. Of course, we've talked about that with our CTC business really improving across our states, but tthey coverage for behavioral theyalth continues to be very strong at tthey state level. We have not seen any rate decreases within our Medicaid payers. And continue to expect to see -- 1% to 3% is how we think about Medicaid going forward, but many states could be stronger than that really depends on what tthey theirtorical rate increases have looked like within each state and within each payer. So it continues to be a very stable, very good payer for us. And continue to see that be very diversified across our states. FrankMorgan Okay. Maybe one last one. Back to tthey sequential guidance for tthey -- or comments for tthey third and tthey fourth quarter. I know third quarter has always been a tough one. So I guess what level of confidence do you have ttheir year, say, versus past years wtheyre it seems like third quarter has always been sort of a -- not as predictable? DavidDuckworth Well, we did -- ttheir is our first third quarter in a number of years without tthey U.K. business, and I do know that tthey summer and in particular, August, was interesting in tthey U.K. with vacation seasons and some ottheyr dynamics in tthey third quarter. So we do think, as we mentioned earlier, tthey third quarter should look a lot like tthey second quarter. And that, in most years, has been tthey case in our U.S. business. We have seen July numbers. We're theyre in early August, so we've seen July, and we're very pleased with tthey trends that we saw throughout tthey second quarter continuing into July. And so ttheyre's nothing that we would highlight for tthey third quarter, no reasons we have to think that it should be any different than tthey second quarter. And have a lot of confidence in tthey guidance revision that we provided. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Debbie Osteen for any closing remarks. Debbie Osteen Thank you, Austin. While we continue to manage through tthey pandemic, tthey mental theyalth crisis is not over. Ttheir pandemic has been a period of tremendous challenges, loss and stress. At tthey same time, it has brought greater awareness to issues that had not received tthey prominence ttheyy deserve. Ttheyre is a growing awareness of mental theyalth and substance use disorders across our country. Acadia will continue to be a voice for equity in mental theyalth and strong advocates for patients to receive tthey right care in tthey right setting and at tthey right time. We remain ready across our 229 facilities in 40 states to ensure access to high-quality care for those that need our theylp. I want to thank you again for being with us today and for your interest in Acadia Healthcare. If you have additional questions today, please do not theysitate to contact us directly. Have a good day. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.