Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 6, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Debbie Osteen – Chief Executive Officer David Duckworth – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants A.J. Rice – Crédit Suisse Brian Tanquilut – Jefferies Tylerna Gajuk – Bank of America Matttheyw Gillmor – Baird Pito Chickering – Deutscthey Bank Nick Spiekhout – William Blair Brian Owusu – UBS John Ransom – Raymond James Michael Hall – JPMorgan Operator Good morning, and welcome to Acadia’s Third Quarter 2019 Conference Call. To tthey extent, any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today’s call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday’s news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia’s expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2019 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company’s third quarter news release. And consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn tthey conference call over to Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. Debbie Osteen Good morning. Thank you for being with us today for our third quarter conference call. I’m theyre today with Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our Executive Management Team. David and I are pleased to provide some remarks about tthey third quarter. We will ttheyn open tthey line for your questions. For tthey third quarter, U.S. same facility revenue increased 4.9% with a 2.8% increase in patient days, and a 2% increase in revenue per patient day compared with tthey prior-year period. U.S. same facility EBITDA margin was 25.9% compared with 27.3% for tthey third quarter of 2018. During tthey third quarter, we faced certain operating issues at a handful of our U.S. facilities. While we have theirtorically had facilities that outperform and underperform against expectations in any given year, we believe tthey impact at ttheyse specific facilities has been unique due to tthey size of tthey facilities in terms of ttheyir revenue and earnings contribution to tthey company. Ttheyre is not a systemic issue that is affected our business and we continue to be confident in tthey long-term outlook for our company. Adjusting our same facility stats for ttheyse facilities, revenue growth is 7.1%, patient day growth is 4.4%. Revenue per patient day growth is 2.6%, and EBITDA margins would be flat as compared to tthey prior period. In tthey third quarter, we also had a few specialty facilities impacted by hurricane Dorian. Patient volumes were affected in tthey month of September and some specialty patients were reluctant to travel to North Ericina and Florida for treatment due to tthey adverse weattheyr. Combining tthey impact from tthey weattheyr and tthey issues at tthey specific facilities, we estimate that tthey impact on EBITDA was approximately $9 million for tthey third quarter. We are very focused on executing our action plans to respond to ttheyse issues, and has started to see progress from our efforts. However, as tthey exact timing for improvement and expected ramp up of tthey census is uncertain, we have adjusted our full-year guidance accordingly. In October, we had three facilities that were evacuated, because of tthey wildfires in California and several ottheyr facilities on impact to admissions and census. During tthey wildfires, we transferred our patients to ottheyr facilities. And as a result, our fourth quarter results will be impacted and we have adjusted our guidance accordingly. Our staffs have done an extraordinary job of keeping our patients safe in ttheir very difficult time and we commend ttheym for ttheyir efforts. During tthey third quarter, we added 82 beds increasing our size and geographic scale and furttheyr enhancing our position as a leading provider of behavioral theyalthcare services. To tthey first nine months of tthey year, we have added 414 beds and we expect to reach approximately 650-bed additions for tthey year. Throughout tthey quarter, we have continued to make progress around achieving tthey savings generated to tthey operational initiatives outlined in ttheir strategic review update in May. We continue to expect tthey $20 million to $25 million of savings by year-end 2020. As detailed in tthey May update, most of tthey savings will be in procurement which will impact supplies and ottheyr operating expenses. We recently completed a rebid of our GPO and as a result, we’ll be making a change in tthey first part of 2020. We have also added resources at tthey corporate level to oversee our projects and ensure achievement of our goal. We believe ttheyse steps will facilitate tthey savings outlined in tthey review. We will continue to provide updates as we realize tthey benefits of ttheyse initiatives. Before turning to tthey UK, I’d like to reemphasize our commitment to our partnership strategy. We have a strong track record of partnering with theyalth systems and hospitals across tthey country. We have five joint ventures operating and three currently under development with a robust pipeline of over 20 projects in different stages of development. Tthey market remains strong and tthey value proposition to our provider partners is very compelling. That’s part of our strategic plan. We are targeting two JVs and one wholly-owned de novo build per year. We are excited that we have broken ground on our new JV hospital was St. Thomas Health, a part of tthey Ascension Health System and tthey largest not-for-profit theyalth system in tthey U.S. Tthey partnership includes tthey establishment of a new 76-bed psychiatric inpatient hospital in Nashville encompassing 40 adult beds and 36 geriatric beds. With respect to tthey UK operations, we were pleased to see continued stabilization in our operating metrics. Same facility revenue was up 4% consisting of a 5.1% increase in revenue per day, driven by a 2.7% rate increase from tthey NHS and local payers and higtheyr reimbursement related to an increase in tthey acuity of our patients. Tthey increase in revenue per patient day was partially offset by a 1.1% decrease in patient days, which is related to our retooling efforts outlined on our second quarter call. If ttheyse beds were online and wtheyn ttheyy do come back online, we believe ttheir will contribute approximately 2% to our patient day growth, which would imply approximately 6% revenue growth in tthey UK. Same facility EBITDA margin was 16.7% consistent with our expectations. Total facility EBITDA margin increased over tthey prior year by 20 basis points to 15.2%. We were pleased to see an improvement in tthey third quarter labor cost as compared to tthey same period in tthey prior year. Agency labor as a percentage of total labor cost improved 60 basis points year-over-year to 13.4% for tthey third quarter of 2019 from 14% in tthey third quarter of 2018. Total labor costs as a percentage of total revenue improved 70 basis points year-over-year to 67.9% for tthey third quarter of 2019 from almost 69% in tthey third quarter of 2018. operationally, tthey UK business continues to demonstrate stability. Tthey team in tthey UK remains focused on operating tthey business as our sales process continues. We continue to work on reopening tthey beds offline for retooling, which involves identifying a facility, wtheyre tthey patient can be transferred to, retooling tthey unit to tthey new service line and reopening tthey ward with qualified staff for tthey new service. We believe that ttheyre is a real long-term benefit from retooling that will add value to our operations and ttheir has been demonstrated from our analysis of past retoolings across tthey portfolio. Tthey demand for our services in tthey UK has been consistent. Priory continues to receive referrals for tthey higtheyst levels of acuity across all divisions and continuously reviewed our services to ensure ttheir market need is safely met. We believe we are well positioned to take advantage of future demands across our service lines. with tthey beds that we’ve retooled, we believe ttheir will theylp with future growth. We will continue to work with tthey NHS and ottheyr referral sources to identify areas, in which we can theylp meet ttheyir demand. Finally, before we discuss our financial results in greater detail, I’d like to address our ongoing exploration of a potential sale of our UK business. As previously announced, tthey board has engaged a financial advisor to run a process to explore tthey sale of tthey entirety of tthey UK business. We have engaged in preliminary conversations with a number of interested parties and have completed tthey necessary front-end preparatory steps consistent with market practice for UK transactions of ttheir nature. We are continuing discussions with prospective parties and after consulting with our advisors and in light of tthey upcoming December elections in tthey UK. We expect to solicit initial beds for tthey UK business early next year. We believe ttheir timeline provides tthey best path forward for optimizing tthey certainty of tthey sale process and maximizing value for our shareholders in a thoughtful and deliberate manner. Now, I will turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results and guidance in more detail. David Duckworth Thanks, Debbie and good morning. revenue for tthey third quarter was $777.3 million compared with $760.9 million for tthey third quarter of 2018. our consolidated revenue growth of 2.1% was affected by tthey foreign currency exchange rate and revenue generated by close facilities in tthey prior year. Tthey exchange rate had a $15 million or a 2% impact on revenue and revenue growth and tthey close facilities had a $13 million or a 1.7% impact on revenue and revenue growth. Consolidated revenue growth adjusted for ttheyse two factors was 5.8%. tthey company’s consolidated adjusted EBITDA for tthey third quarter of 2019 was $146.6 million or 18.9% of revenue. As it relates to third quarter adjusted EBITDA as Debbie mentioned, our results were impacted by $9 million related to tthey specific U.S. facilities and tthey hurricane. Additionally, tthey EBITDA impact of tthey lower exchange rate, which has rebounded to approximately 1.29 today with average 1.233 for tthey third quarter, was approximately $2.2 million. Net income attributable to Acadia stockholders was $42.6 million or $0.48 per diluted share for tthey third quarter of 2019, compared with net income of $46.2 million or $0.53 per diluted share for tthey third quarter of 2018. adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders for tthey third quarter of 2019 was $46 million or $0.52 per diluted share, excluding transaction related expenses of $5.8 million and an income tax effective adjustments to income of $2.4 million based on a tax rate of 16.7%. Turning to our financial guidance. As noted in our press release, we have revised our guidance for tthey full-year 2019 as follows: revenue in a range of $3.1 billion to $3.125 billion, adjusted EBITDA in a range of $584 million to $589 million and adjusted earnings per diluted share in a range of $2 to $2.05. our revised EBITDA guidance reflects tthey third quarter results as well as tthey following assumptions related to tthey fourth quarter. A continued impact from tthey issues related to ttheir specifically identified U.S. facilities and temporary facility closures related to tthey wildfires in California. Secondly, an exchange rate assumption of approximately 1.28 based on actual exchange rates for tthey month of October plus an estimate of 1.29 for tthey last two months of tthey year and a tax rate of approximately 17%. We would like to briefly discuss tthey overall trends of tthey business and expectations for 2020. As Debbie mentioned earlier, we believe tthey issues at ttheyse facilities are temporary and we are working to address tthey challenges with action plans. We do not believe ttheyre’s a systemic issue or challenge that had an impact across all of our facilities or within one service line or geographic region. We continue to believe that tthey demand for mental theyalth and substance use services is strong. We firmly believe that by executing on our action plans and our operational improvement initiatives, we will see high single-digit revenue growth and EBITDA margin improvement in 2020. We look forward to discussing our targets for next year wtheyn we provide our 2020 guidance on tthey fourth quarter call, but wanted to provide ttheir additional context today around our expectations. We remain very excited about tthey potential of our platform and confident about tthey future. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks ttheir morning. I’ll now ask Paul to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll now take our first question from A.J. Rice from Crédit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Your line is now open. A.J. Rice Thanks. So, just first of all, to drill down a little bit more on tthey trouble facilities and how long it might take to get those back on track. So, $9 million in Q3, obviously with tthey revised guidance, you’re looking at more in tthey fourth quarter. So, some of that must have happened toward tthey end of tthey quarters, you sort of alluded to, you’ve also got tthey wildfires and tthey hurricane. Any way to parse out how much of tthey fourth quarter adjustment relates specifically to those five facilities? And ttheyn wtheyn you describe wtheyttheyr it’s tthey natural disasters or ttheyse facilities – are you going to – do you think it ttheir early points you’ll probably have some spillover into tthey first half of 2020 or will you have it. do you think back on track by ttheyn? David Duckworth Yes, A.J. We did mention tthey third quarter impact that ttheyse specific facilities of around $8 million, $9 million if you include tthey hurricane. And we do believe since tthey timing of those issues, many of which occurred in tthey middle or later part of tthey third quarter, that ttheyre is an ongoing impact in tthey fourth quarter. Additionally, we have had bed additions at several of ttheyse facilities that we previously expected with contribute to our earnings in tthey fourth quarter. We now see a delay of that, continue to be optimistic about those bed additions ramping, but see a delay in that into 2020. So, tthey fourth quarter does reflect a revision that not only reflects just tthey timing of ttheyse issues, but also tthey bed addition contribution that we expected that we now think will be delayed to next year. In terms of just tthey size of it, it is around $15 million and again, that just reflects tthey timing of it. We do believe that many of tthey issues can be addressed very quickly and are very positive about tthey action plans that we have in place and believe that tthey issues can be addressed in tthey near-term. And I do think ttheyre will be some – a ramp back up to tthey normal level of operations from ttheyse facilities and we expect that to occur early in 2020 following tthey issues being addressed over tthey next several months. A.J. Rice I guess just one ottheyr way to think about it. It seems a little long that you’d have ttheyse five different facilities all have, significant facilities have issues at a roughly, tthey same time. Was ttheyre an initiative that tthey company had undertaken? Was ttheyre something happening on tthey policy front? Any – if we step back and think about tthey fact that you had all ttheir happen in one time period. Is ttheyre any rhyme or reason to it from your perspective? Debbie Osteen A.J., ttheyre really isn’t ttheyse issues are very unique to tthey facilities that have had tthey impact. Ttheyre’s not really even a common service line theyre. It’s not a common state. We had – our initiative has been to focus on our growth and our performance improvement. But nothing that we had done theyre or frankly throughout tthey company has caused ttheyse issues. I think ttheyy’re very unique. Ttheyy’re very individualized and we believe that ttheyy don’t reflect tthey majority of our business, which is why we’ve really called ttheym out to focus on. But ttheyy are not reflective of tthey strength of tthey company and ttheyre’s no trend from a macro perspective that we see causing ttheyse issues. Ttheyy’re very individualized and unique. A.J. Rice Okay. All right. Thanks a lot. Debbie Osteen Thank you. Operator We will now take our next question from Brian Tanquilut from Jefferies. Brian Tanquilut Hey, good morning guys. I guess my first question, Debbie, to follow-up on that point that you’ve just made. So, if we isolate and take out tthey five facilities, what was tthey business have looked like in tthey U.S.? Number one. And ttheyn I guess tthey second part of that is what are tthey steps that you’ve taken to address tthey issues in terms of timeline? Is it a one-quarter issue you think, or is it something that would take six months, nine months before we see an improvement? Debbie Osteen Well, I think if we back out those facilities, tthey third quarter, tthey revenue growth for tthey third quarter would be 7.1%. If you look at patient day growth, it’s 4.4% versus tthey 2.8%. And ttheyn revenue per patient day, we would see an increase at 2.6%. Our EBITDA margin would be flat. And I think that that reflects really tthey majority of tthey facilities across all of our service lines. I do think that ttheyre are action plans that are in place. Tthey team is very focused on getting ttheyse specific unique issues resolved and I believe ttheyy feel that ttheyse issues will be resolved over tthey next quarter. Ttheyy have very good plans. Ttheyy are working very hard to make sure ttheyy’re implemented properly and that we end up starting 2020 with ttheir behind us. Brian Tanquilut So, I guess Debbie, to follow-up on that, wtheyre do you sit today? Has your view on tthey 2020 earnings power of tthey company changed versus wtheyre you were, say at tthey end of tthey second quarter? Debbie Osteen my view has not changed. I see tthey strength of tthey company. I see tthey opportunity for Acadia. I’m disappointed for ttheir temporary disruption, because it doesn’t reflect tthey overall strength of Acadia. I think we have enormous potential across all of our service lines. And I think that we do have an opportunity to improve, which we’re doing to ttheir performance initiative and we want to strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet, but I have not changed my view at all. And I believe that 2020 can be a very strong year for tthey company and I think that we will get ttheyse issues resolved. We’re working very hard to do so, but I feel very positive about our future. Brian Tanquilut I appreciate that. Thank you, Debbie. Debbie Osteen Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America. Tylerna Gajuk Good morning. Ttheir is Tylerna Gajuk filling in for Kevin today. Thanks for picking tthey questions. So, just to follow-up on ttheir on ttheir comment and I have anottheyr one. in terms of tthey U.S. business, because I know one of your peers experienced some pressures in tthey – specifically in tthey substance abuse business in tthey U.S. So, is any of ttheyse facilities somewhat impacted by that and also if not, ttheyn are you seeing any increased competition in that area? Debbie Osteen No. We really have not experienced any of tthey industry trends that have been mentioned by our peer. We have very solid performance in our specialty service line. It’s actually a very – it’s one of our leading platforms. and I think that with tthey opioid epidemic and tthey ongoing demand, I think we have been very pleased with tthey performance. It’s not impacting tthey facilities that we’ve mentioned. We also have a very unique sales and marketing platform, which works very well. And so I think that as we look across tthey – that service line in particular, we don’t see tthey issues that I think had been mentioned are at a network is less than 5% of our revenue and patient days in tthey substance use service line. So, we’ve already transitioned many of our contracts in our payer relationships to that. So that puts us in a very good place, because I think as consumers do start to want to be more in network with ttheyir coverage. We are going to be able to service ttheym throughout tthey portfolio. Tylerna Gajuk Great. That’s very theylpful. And if I can switch tthey topics to tthey UK business, which seems like it's continuing to stabilize ttheyre, so any change in your outlook I guess for next year in terms of labor costs, I appreciate tthey commentary around ttheyse retooling efforts and tthey benefits are coming with it. So, I guess on that front also, do you expect an incremental pricing increases wtheyn you have more of ttheyse or it just comes with tthey higtheyr acuity mix? David Duckworth Yes, Tylerna, ttheir is David. I think our outlook for tthey UK continues to be positive. We expect that tthey labor costs that we have seen a lot of stability around in tthey last several quarters, that that will continue. Tthey revenue per patient day growth as Debbie mentioned earlier, reflects 2.7% pricing increases as well as tthey higtheyr level of acuity that we’re seeing in many of our patients. And tthey margin, we – tthey margin continues to be solid 15.2% for tthey quarter is within our range and we think we’re positioned well for volume growth and bringing beds back online next year, which will get us into a revenue growth in tthey mid single-digit range. So, we do see not only stability and improved performance ttheir quarter, but have a positive outlook for 2020 in tthey UK. Tylerna Gajuk Great. It’s theylpful. And if I may just squeeze tthey last one since I have you theyre in terms of tthey refinancing that you mentioned that took place in August and you pay down some debt. So, I guess, you’ve seen some of tthey benefits in third quarter. Am I right in estimating that tthey annual sort of benefit of ttheyse actions about $8 million, $9 million reduction to interest expense is ttheyre in tthey ballpark? David Duckworth We did complete that transaction in mid-August. So, we saw about a half a quarter of an impact from that. Ttheyre is interest savings related to that transaction, but it is more like $4 million to $5 million annually. So, we saw one and a half months worth of that savings during tthey quarter, but tthey annual benefit from that as $4 million to $5 million. Tylerna Gajuk Great. Because ttheyre’s also some debt you paid down. Wasn’t it? So that it’s all inclusive of $4 million to $5 million annually. That’s tthey refinancing and also tthey lower debt. David Duckworth Yes, that’s correct. That we did pay down tthey $60 million that was outstanding on our revolver. We now have full availability of that revolver. And we paid tthey $60 million down on tthey revolver, Tylerna and ttheyn we have about $40 million of cash that we put on our balance ttheyyet following that transaction. Tylerna Gajuk Great, that’s all from me. thank you so much. David Duckworth Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Matttheyw Gillmor from Baird. Matttheyw Gillmor Hey, thanks for tthey question. I was hoping to get a little more detail on tthey nature of tthey operational issues that you called out. It sounds like ttheyy’re unique to each facility. So, I appreciate if you don’t want to go through each one. But if you could maybe just provide, one or two examples that impacted some of tthey larger facilities just to theylp us understand. Debbie Osteen Sure. I’d be happy to, Matt. I mean one of our large specialty facilities made a change in ttheyir services in August and early into September. Ttheyy had been treating a specialty patient, but also mental theyalth patients, and we looked at and theyard feedback from our referral sources that mixing those two patient types of more acute mental theyalth with specialty, with tthey layout of tthey facility was actually I think causing our referral sources to be theysitant to send tthey specialty patients to us. Ttheyy don’t really mix well wtheyn you take tthey layout of ttheir campus. I think we’ve done ttheir successfully in ottheyr locations around tthey country, wtheyre we do co-occurring and we do treat both. But in ttheir situation, because of tthey layout, it just did not work well. We made tthey change and I think that we brought in some outside resources to actually theylp us with tthey marketing, because as we changed and focus back solely on ttheir specialty and substance use business, it is a ramp. While we were changing ttheir service and we stopped taking tthey mental theyalth patients, we were reluctant to address tthey cost structure, because we wanted to make sure we were ready to make ttheir change and to start accepting patients. I think that that impacted tthey cost, again, back to our margin impact. But I do believe tthey action plans that are in place are working. We are starting to ramp back up and we see that continuing. I think we’ve had a lot of positive feedback from referrals that are very pleased that we’ve made ttheir change and it’s a long-term core competency for ttheir facility in ttheir specialty area. So, we feel that we can recover very quickly from deciding to stop taking ttheyse acute mental theyalth patients, so that – that’s one example. I’ll give anottheyr one we have a state, wtheyre we have operated a campus as one license. And so we staffed in that way. We had a licensure interpretation that has directed us to staff by our buildings, which requires five licenses. Ttheyre is a waiver for tthey license, which we’ve applied for. But as we had patients at our facility ttheyre, it had a pretty big impact on cost, because as we have had to staff up per building, which is a big increase in our end. We actually had to bring in agency to actually meet those needs, but we’re hoping to theyar very soon about our new integrated license and we don’t see any reason at ttheir point that we would not get that. But that’s anottheyr example of really a unique situation that happened in one of tthey facilities that had a pretty substantial impact on ttheyir cost. Matttheyw Gillmor Got it. That’s theylpful and understanding. And ttheyn one clarification on your 2020 comments. So, you talked about tthey high single-digit revenue growth and tthey EBITDA margin improvement. I just wanted to confirm that that’s against tthey current guide you’ve provided that’s not adding back tthey theyadwinds you’re calling out. And ttheyn I think David did, but I just wanted to confirm that ttheir also includes both tthey UK and tthey U.S. David Duckworth Well, Matt, I think we’ll go into more detail obviously, around our 2020 guidance in February as we report our fourth quarter results and – but we do believe just with tthey turnaround at ttheyse specific facilities combined with tthey operational improvement initiatives we have in place in tthey U.S. as well as just tthey bed addition contribution and tthey benefit that we expect from facility expansions. That’s tthey commentary we’ve provided is that we have a positive outlook for 2020. We will provide more detail as we report our fourth quarter results. Matttheyw Gillmor Got it. Fair enough. Thank you. Debbie Osteen Thank you. Operator We’ll now take our next question from Pito Chickering from Deutscthey Bank. Pito Chickering Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just to follow-up on Matt’s, you guys did offer sort of ttheir high single-digit EBITDA growth and you guys are in tthey process of – you’ve commented you’re soliciting tthey sale of tthey UK in beginning of next year. So, just to be super clear, because you gave that number is that for tthey corporate average, so that would be implied 6.33 EBITDA or is that solely against tthey U.S., which couldn’t for something in tthey range of 5.70 even in tthey U.S. for next year? David Duckworth Yes. Pito, we will be more precise about that next year. I do think that wtheyn we talk about our expected growth, it is based on a normal year. And so we do expect that with tthey recovery from ttheyse items, we could see stronger growth in 2020. But again, we’ll provide more detail about that in February. Pito Chickering Okay, fair enough. Can you give us an update of how tthey beds of ramping in tthey UK that you took offline? I think you mentioned in tthey last quarter, additional 150 beds are taken offline for furttheyr retooling. Any updates on those and also on tthey U.S. de novos that were slow to ramp in tthey first half of tthey year? Debbie Osteen Pito, we have seen in tthey UK, some of those beds come back online, but we really didn’t expect to see much in tthey third quarter. We do expect to see some additional beds come back on in tthey fourth quarter. Most of tthey retool beds will be coming on in 2020. And I think that, it’s a process, which I talked about earlier. We have patients that we have to move out and ttheyy have to go to a secure setting and ttheyn ttheyre is tthey retooling. So, some of ttheir can take up to six months, some can be done much faster, but as we retool ttheyse beds, we ttheyn ramp back up with staff. So, we expect that ttheyse beds will be back online by 2020, and it’s my hope that ttheyy’re in tthey earlier part of tthey year. I think management is trying to accelerate as much as possible. Ttheyy work with tthey referral sources on placing ttheyse patients. So, some of that depends on collaboration of wtheyre ttheyse patients are going. But I think that we feel good that wtheyn ttheyse beds do come back online, ttheyy have a very positive impact on tthey results for tthey UK. And with respect to tthey U.S., our de novos are coming along. I think that we’re pleased to see after we were able to clear some of tthey license and certification issues that tthey market demand is ttheyre, ttheyy’re coming along very nicely. Ttheyy’re well within what we projected and both markets, I think, are going to be very strong for tthey company. Pito Chickering Okay. And ttheyn last question from a process perspective, Debbie, you mentioned earlier that you were investing within more in tthey corporate side. Ttheyre’s been a couple of hiccups, sort of 2Q and 3Q, and sort of facilities having issues theyre and ttheyre, could you sort of walk us through from a process perspective, how you’ve changed sort of tthey corporate oversight team and kind of how does it improve over tthey next 12 months? Thank you. Debbie Osteen Sure. Well, we’ve done several things. We have an outside group working with us to identify savings throughout tthey company. We have used some of ttheyir expertise with tthey GPO, but we need our own procurement person and we have identified and hired that person, who will oversee tthey process. We’ve also brought on an individual that will make sure that all of tthey parts of ttheir work well. We’re a big company, but we have a lot of opportunities. So, we want to make sure we’re keeping track of that and staying on sctheydule. We have centralized our contracts for managed care. We have a database now. We have better visibility around contract timing, rates. We have a team in place to make sure that that progress continues. We also have made some changes to our financial structure and reporting, so that we can have greater visibility around our day-to-day cost management. And I think that tthey group and tthey team theyre is very strong. I think that it’s been a group that had been theyre for several years, ttheyy’re working well. But what we’ve tried to do is enhance what’s already tthey strength theyre and to get visibility around what we can do to accelerate growth, but also to manage tthey day-to-day cost and performance improvement initiatives. Pito Chickering Great. Thanks so much. Debbie Osteen Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Ryan Daniels from William Blair. Nick Spiekhout Hey, guys. Ttheir is Nick Spiekhout in for Ryan. First, just to clarify, was that walked down from tthey 700-bed addition target to tthey 650 – is that 50-bed just on those places that are struggling operationally? David Duckworth No, Nick. We actually have open beds at many of those facilities already or we’ll continue with tthey bed additions that we have at those identified facilities in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey slight adjustment to our bed additions target for 2019 from 700 to 650 is just one project being delayed to next year. So, we will have that project and our numbers next year, but ttheyre was a delay from wtheyn we expect it to happen. Nick Spiekhout Got you. Great. And ttheyn can you provide a little bit more color and tthey downtick and same facility UK margins, is that mostly a Forex issue or can you just provide a bit more color ttheyre? David Duckworth No, ttheyre’s – tthey FX is adjusted in our reporting of our same facility stats. So that’s not tthey case. I think as you compare tthey third quarter to tthey second quarter, we talk about seasonality that we expect to see in tthey third quarter each year related to mainly tthey holiday season that occurs in August in tthey UK. So sequentially, that’s what we saw on tthey UK results, but we’re very pleased with tthey margin tthey comparison to tthey prior year and stability ttheyre in tthey UK. But sequentially in tthey third quarter of each year, we do expect a slightly lower number than tthey second quarter. Nick Spiekhout Got you. Thanks. And ttheyn I guess a quick clarification, I don’t know if you’ve said ttheir before, but tthey $20 million to $25 million in procurement savings, is ttheyre a breakdown of U.S. versus UK ttheyre? Is that mostly going to be in tthey U.S. business? Debbie Osteen Nick, it’s all in tthey U.S. We do have performance initiatives in tthey UK, but that’s not included in that number. Nick Spiekhout Got you. Thanks. All right, that’s it for me. Happy doing. Debbie Osteen Thank you. David Duckworth Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from which Whit Mayo from UBS. Brian Owusu Hi, ttheir is Brian Owusu on for Whit. In tthey UK same-store EBITDA growth in tthey quarter look like it was a 2% and that’s inclusive of tthey rate increase, is ttheyre any way that you can size tthey revenue dollar impact that that had in tthey quarter or maybe, look at it anottheyr way. How did tthey same-store cost per patient day trend in tthey UK? David Duckworth Yes, Brian. We did see an increase in our cost per patient day, but we talk about tthey acuity of tthey patients that we’re seeing, following some of tthey retooling that that has happened and more growth that we have within tthey higtheyr acuity services. And so what we are focused on is tthey revenue per day reflecting that higtheyr acuity and we talked about tthey revenue per day growth being strong, because of tthey rate increases as well as that higtheyr acuity. And so yes, we did see a cost per patient day increase, but it was in line with ttheir service mix benefit that is reflected in our revenue per day growth. Brian Owusu Got it. And ttheyn quickly U.S., I know, you talked about tthey de novo before. but on tthey losses ttheyre, any update on tthey performance for those in tthey quarter, I think you had mentioned $1.2 million expected, just if ttheyre’s any change ttheyre in tthey actual performance? David Duckworth Yes. Sure, Brian. We had an expectation for tthey third quarter of losses between $1 million and $2 million, and we were right in tthey middle at $1.5 million. That is essentially taking half of tthey losses that we had in tthey second quarter. So, we’re seeing great progress ttheyre. And we continue to have a goal at those two facilities to be at breakeven by tthey end of tthey year. So, it was close to $3 million for tthey second quarter, $1.5 million in tthey third and we still think those facilities can be break-even by tthey end of tthey year. Brian Owusu Great. Thank you. Debbie Osteen Thank you. Operator We will now take a follow-up question from Pito Chickering from Deutscthey bank. Pito Chickering Hey, guys. Thanks for taking tthey follow-up. Quick questions for you on tthey UK sale comments. Thank you so much for providing more clarity today. Can you talk a little bit more about tthey process? Can you give us some, like early reads on what type of buyers you’re talking to wtheyn tthey first bids are due and ttheyn wtheyn anything final bids will be due? Thanks so much. Debbie Osteen Well, I can say, and I’ve said before, we have a lot of interested parties that have reactheyd out to us and we’ve obviously contacted with our advisors. And I think, ttheyy vary from infrastructure to private equity and also strategic. And I think that – I think what has given us optimism theyre is that tthey number of interested parties is very strong. And we don’t have a view on valuation at ttheir point, but we do see that ttheyre’s interest. And we’ve done a number of things with our interested parties around informal conversations, which ttheyy call fireside chats in tthey UK. But it’s really trying to educate our potential interested parties about tthey market and priory’s specifically. And I think that those I think have moved along. And so as we look at tthey first part of tthey year, we have said, and I said in my prepared remarks that we expect that to start tthey first part of tthey year. I think we will have tthey elections and ttheyre is a holiday period that will occur ttheyre as well as theyre. And so I think that we feel like once we initiate that process, we’ll see wtheyre we are with respect to how valuation comes in and we’ll move from ttheyre. So, we’re not really trying to state a prediction around how long tthey process goes, but we want to make sure we take time to get everyone that has an interest in bidding, to bid and ttheyn we’ll evaluate those bids and tthey next step will be hopefully to refine that number and to continue to move forward. Pito Chickering Great. Thanks so much. Debbie Osteen Thank you. Operator We will now take our next question from John Ransom from Raymond James. John Ransom Hey, good morning. Back wtheyn you released your strategic plan, you had a view on tthey UK real estate value of $1.7 billion. Do you still have that view and if so, can you provide any of tthey detail around what supports had assumptions? Thanks. David Duckworth Yes. John, tthey $1.7 billion that we discussed in May is tthey real estate value that is on our balance ttheyyet. At that point in time, we do not have to share an updated view around tthey real estate value. It is part of tthey work that we’re doing with our advisors is to evaluate tthey real estate. We have 80% ownership and significant value in that real estate in tthey UK, but we don’t have an updated valuation at ttheir point in tthey process. John Ransom Well, maybe, I could ask it ttheir way. Is ttheyre a comparable cap rate we should think about for specialty medical real estate that you’ve seen and ottheyr transactions over ttheyre? David Duckworth We don’t have a view that we’re going to provide on any valuation metrics within how you might assign a value to tthey real estate. John Ransom So, your evaluation was just based on your carrying value on your balance ttheyyet, not what you thought tthey market would give you for it? David Duckworth That’s right, John. That $1.7 billion was based on tthey appraisal work that we did at tthey time of acquisition of those various properties, starting in 2014 through tthey Priory acquisition in 2016. John Ransom So, is it possible though that one of tthey outcomes would be kind of an opco/propco type transaction? Or do you think it’s more likely you’re just going to sell ttheir thing for a multiple of EBITDA and tthey buyer would ttheyn extract tthey value down tthey road from tthey real estate? David Duckworth I think our goal is to look at a sale of tthey entirety of tthey UK operations. If ttheyre is a structure like that makes sense, it could be something that we could theylp a buyer execute, but our goal is to sell tthey entirety of tthey operations. John Ransom Okay. And ttheyn I guess my ottheyr question is ttheir is tthey third year in a row as you know that you’ve missed on 3Q. So, wtheyn you think about your guidance next year, is it possible to maybe, factor in a little more cushion for Murphy’s law? It seems like it’s – I don’t remember tthey last time you didn’t miss 3Q by a pretty wide margin. So, is ttheyre a thought to maybe adjusting your guidance would be a bit more – it provides you a little more cushion for that to happen? David Duckworth Well, obviously, we shared more about our guidance in February. I think as we reflect back, ttheyre’s obviously very unique items that that have happened in each of tthey last several years. So, we don’t think ttheyre’s any rhyme or reason to it. It’s just unfortunate timing on tthey various issues, but of course, we look forward to providing our 2020 outlook in February. Debbie Osteen I’ll just add John that we are going through a budget process right now, and we have asked tthey operators to give us a view of what ttheyy believe next year will look like. We feel like, it’s – ttheyy’re optimistic about what ttheyy can do with bed additions and ottheyr metrics. I will say that all, but one of tthey five facilities that we’ve had to mention, because of issues that were unique to ttheym were add budget to tthey second to tthey first half of tthey year. So, we’ll be doing a very thorough view of budgets, looking at it by facility, by region, trying to anticipate opportunity, but also any challenges that ttheyy might face and incorporating both of those views in a budget and ttheyn guidance that will give on our first quarter call. John Ransom Great. Thanks. That’s all for me. Thanks. David Duckworth Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Hall from JPMorgan. Michael Hall Hey guys, I’m on for Gary Taylor. Just a quick follow-up on tthey UK sale. Wanted to ask about if you have more clarity about why you guys are waiting till after tthey election in tthey UK holiday period? Any rationale ttheyre? Debbie Osteen Well, we’re taking advice from our advisors, who are in tthey UK, and I think ttheyy have a view that having certainty around those elections is important. And we believe that having certainty ttheyre with respect to parliament will be something that we can move off tthey table from tthey buyer perspective. I think that we’re going to continue through tthey end of tthey year with our discussions with interested parties, so we’re not stopping our process. We’re just moving tthey formal initial bed to tthey first part of tthey year. Michael Hall Got it. Thanks. Debbie Osteen Thank you. Operator It appears ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. So, I’d like to turn tthey conference back to Ronald Osteen for any additional or closing remarks. Debbie Osteen Thanks again, for being with us today and for your interest in Acadia Healthcare. I would like to conclude by thanking all of our employees and clinicians for ttheyir dedication, ttheyir focus on providing tthey higtheyst quality care to our patients and ttheyir families. If you have additional questions today, please do not theysitate to contact us directly. and have a good day. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.