Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 28, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Debbie Osteen – Chief Executive Officer David Duckworth – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants A.J. Rice – Credit Suisse Jason Plagman – Jefferies Ralph Giacobbe – Citi Aaronna Gajuk – Bank of America Pito Chickering – Deutscthey Bank Whit Mayo – UBS Matttheyw Borsch – BMO Capital Markets John Ransom – Raymond James Gary Taylor – JPMorgan Nick Spiekhout – William Blair Operator Good morning, and welcome to Acadia’s Fourth Quarter 2019 Conference Call. To tthey extent any non-GAAP financial measure is discussed in today’s call, you will also find a reconciliation of that measure to tthey most directly comparable financial measure calculated according to GAAP on our website by viewing yesterday’s news release under tthey Investors link. Ttheir conference call may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements, among ottheyrs, regarding Acadia’s expected quarterly and annual financial performance for 2020 and beyond. For ttheir purpose, any statements made during ttheir call that are not statements of theirtorical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting tthey foregoing, tthey words believes, anticipates, plans, expects and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are theyreby cautioned that ttheyse statements may be affected by tthey important factors, among ottheyrs, set forth in Acadia’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and in tthey company’s fourth quarter news release, and consequently, actual operations and results may differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. At ttheir time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn tthey conference call over to Chief Executive Officer, Debbie Osteen. Debbie Osteen Good morning and thank you for being with us today for our fourth quarter and year-end 2019 conference call. I’m theyre today with Chief Financial Officer, David Duckworth, and ottheyr members of our executive management team. David and I will provide some remarks about our financial and operating results for tthey fourth quarter and year. We will ttheyn open tthey line for your questions. Our results for tthey fourth quarter were in line with our expectations. We achieved overall revenue growth of 4.9% over tthey fourth quarter of 2018, reflecting our continued focus on growth initiatives, both through service expansion at our existing facilities and additional bed capacity. On a same facility basis, overall revenue was up 4.5% in tthey fourth quarter of 2019 compared with 2018. Our U.S. facility showed solid improvement across key metrics. For tthey fourth quarter, U.S. same facility revenue increased 5.5%, with a 2.4% increase in patient days and a 3% increase in revenue per patient day compared with tthey prior year period. U.S. same facility EBITDA margin increased 30 basis points to 25% compared with 24.7% for tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Regarding tthey specific facility issues that affected our results in tthey third quarter, we believe that we have addressed tthey issues with tthey action plans that have been implemented by our operations team during tthey fourth quarter. We are very pleased with tthey progress that has been made, which is in line with our expectations. David will provide additional details on tthey fourth quarter impact and 2020 expectations for ttheyse facilities. During tthey fourth quarter, we added 171 beds, including 150 beds in tthey U.S. and 21 beds in tthey UK. For tthey full year, we added 585 and new facilities. Moving forward to 2020, we expect to add approximately 600 beds to existing and new facilities in tthey U.S. We are excited about ttheyse opportunities to expand capacity in our markets, which adds beds to 10 states across all service lines. 2020 presents an opportunity to add tthey higtheyst number of beds to our U.S. facilities in tthey last three years. We also continue to work on our partnership strategy. We have a strong track record of partnering with theyalth systems and hospitals across tthey country. We have five joint ventures operating and three currently in development. Our integration team has received increased interest from theyalth systems who would like to partner with us. We now have a robust pipeline of approximately 30 projects. Tthey market remains strong and tthey value proposition to our provider partners is very compelling. Acadia is collaborating with theyalth system partners nationwide to improve integration of behavioral theyalth care throughout ttheyir organization as ttheyy focus on population theyalth initiatives and improving clinical outcomes for ttheyir patients. We look forward to opening a new joint venture hospital with Tower Health in Reading, Pennsylvania, planned for tthey second quarter and a new joint venture hospital with Ascension Saint Thomas planned for tthey fourth quarter. We also expect to open a de novo facility in Cincinnati, Ohio, planned for tthey fourth quarter of 2020. We are excited about ttheyse and ottheyr opportunities atheyad for Acadia to meet tthey growing demands in tthey market, better serve tthey needs in tthey local community and advance our position as a leading operator of behavioral theyalth care facilities. Additionally, we have seen new opportunities and pathways to grow in our CTC service line. We plan to open six CTC de novos in 2020 to expand our footprint into new markets that are underserved. As of January 1, Medicare expanded coverage to include opioid treatment programs. While it is too early to size tthey full benefit, we expect that ttheir will drive volume growth by treating new patients and allowing improved coverage and access for dual eligible patients. As you can see through our JV activity, new bed expansion and de novo activity, tthey growth opportunity in behavioral theyalth services remains robust and Acadia is well positioned to capitalize on ttheyse multiple pathways to grow revenue and profitability. Throughout tthey quarter, we have continued to make progress in achieving tthey savings generated through tthey operational initiatives outlined in tthey strategic review update we provided last May. We remain focused on implementing ttheyse initiatives to improve operational efficiencies throughout our operations. We believe we will achieve approximately $20 million in annualized cost savings by tthey end of 2020, which is in line with our original announcement in May of last year. As previously mentioned, most of tthey savings will be in procurement, which will impact supplies and ottheyr operating expenses. We have successfully completed a conversion of our contracted GPO in early February. Our new GPO will provide additional resources and closer alignment to drive tthey identified cost savings. As we continue to implement initiatives throughout tthey year, we expect a gradual ramp to tthey full run rate savings amount of $20 million by tthey end of tthey year. Because tthey facilities have done a fantastic job implementing tthey initial changes, we are very pleased with our progress to-date and look forward to realizing tthey incremental benefits of our strategy while we continue to support our patients with tthey higtheyst quality of care. Tthey performance of our UK facilities was in line with our expectations. For tthey fourth quarter, same facility revenue was up 2.7%, consisting of a 4.7% increase in revenue per patient day, driven by our rate increases from tthey NHS and local payers and higtheyr reimbursement related to an increase in tthey acuity of our patients. Tthey increased revenue per patient day was partially offset by a 2% decrease in patient days, which is related to tthey retooling efforts we discussed on previous calls. Same facility EBITDA margin was 16.1%, consistent with our expectations. Operationally, tthey UK business continues to demonstrate stability. Tthey team in tthey UK remains focused on operating tthey business as our process of assessing strategic alternatives continues. As we have previously discussed, tthey demand for our services in tthey UK has been consistent. Priory continues to receive referrals for tthey higtheyst levels of acuity across all divisions and continuously reviews our services to ensure ttheir market need is safely met. At tthey end of tthey year, we had approximately 150 beds off-line for retooling. We have a detailed time line for each project, and we’re working diligently to reopen tthey beds on sctheydule. We believe ttheyre is a real long-term benefit from retooling that will add value to our operations. With tthey beds that we’ve retooled, we have already seen good results and believe ttheir will contribute to our future growth. We will continue to work with tthey NHS and ottheyr referral sources to identify areas in which we can theylp meet ttheyir demands and believe we are well positioned across our service lines. I would like to update you on our strategic review and potential sale of tthey UK business. As we announced last year, tthey board has engaged a financial adviser to run a process to explore tthey sale of tthey entirety of our UK business. Tthey formal process was launctheyd in January 2020, following tthey UK elections and preliminary discussions with prospective buyers at tthey end of last year. Consistent with market practice for UK transactions of ttheir nature, and in conjunction with our advisers, we solicited and now have received initial nonbinding offers to acquire our UK business from multiple bidders. We are currently in tthey second phase of tthey sale process, during which interested bidders will receive proposed transaction documents and complete ttheyir confirmatory due diligence. We expect to complete tthey sale of our UK business in tthey second quarter or early in tthey third quarter of 2020, if, as a result of our sales process, we receive a final firm offer that our board determines maximizes value for our shareholders. Lastly, before I turn tthey call over to David, I’d like to set tthey stage for 2020. We will continue to focus on quality in everything we do, wtheyttheyr it is maintaining exceptional standards and patient care across our network, investing in new beds or acquiring hospitals to serve tthey critical needs in our society or align ourselves with tthey premier joint venture partners around tthey U.S. We are pursuing a purposeful and best-in-class growth trajectory. We will continue to deleverage tthey company while making prudent investments based on a disciplined return on capital allocation framework. As we continue to grow our four lines of business, you will see tthey synergies, complementary investments and corresponding operating leverage we can achieve through ttheir approach. We believe Acadia is in tthey ideal position to meet tthey tremendous market need that exists. Now I will turn tthey call over to David Duckworth to discuss our financial results and guidance in more detail. David Duckworth Thanks, Debbie, and good morning. Revenue for tthey fourth quarter was $780.2 million compared with $743.5 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Our consolidated revenue growth of 4.9% was affected by revenue generated by closed facilities in tthey prior year. Tthey closed facilities had $9.4 million of revenue in tthey fourth quarter of 2018, which represents a 1.3% impact on revenue growth. Consolidated revenue growth adjusted for ttheyse facility closures was 6.2%. As a reminder, our fourth quarter 2018 U.S. revenue was impacted by an accounts receivable adjustment of approximately $8 million. Adjusting our U.S. same facility stats for ttheir adjustment as well as tthey impact from tthey specific facilities we highlighted in tthey third quarter, fourth quarter 2019 U.S. same facility revenue growth was 6.6%. Patient day growth was 4.4%. Revenue per patient day growth was 2.2% and EBITDA margins increased 40 basis points as compared to tthey prior period. Tthey company’s consolidated adjusted EBITDA for tthey fourth quarter of 2019 was $144.4 million or 18.5% of revenue. Adjusted income attributable to Acadia stockholders for tthey fourth quarter of 2019 was $45 million or $0.51 per diluted share, excluding transaction-related expenses of $11.8 million, a $54.4 million loss on impairment and an income tax effect of adjustments to income of $9.9 million based on a tax rate of 18.1%. Tthey loss on impairment relates to property values at facilities that were closed during 2019. Turning to our financial guidance. And as noted in our press release, we are providing guidance for tthey full year 2020 as follows: revenue in a range of $3.28 billion to $3.34 billion; adjusted EBITDA in a range of $610 million to $630 million; adjusted earnings per diluted share in a range of $2.20 to $2.40; depreciation and amortization expense in a range of $175 million to $180 million; interest expense in a range of $172 million to $177 million; total diluted shares outstanding of approximately 88.1 million shares; operating cash flows in a range of $375 million to $420 million; total capital expenditures in a range of $330 million to $350 million, which includes maintenance CapEx of approximately $90 million. Our guidance also assumes an exchange rate of $1.30 per British pound sterling and a tax rate of approximately 17%. Our guidance for tthey first quarter of 2020 is as follows: revenue in a range of $795 million to $805 million; adjusted EBITDA in a range of $133 million to $137 million; and adjusted earnings per diluted share in a range of $0.37 to $0.42. Ttheir guidance does not include tthey impact of any future acquisitions, divestitures or transaction-related expenses. Due to tthey process relating to our UK business, we are providing tthey following annual guidance for that segment for 2020: revenue in a range of $1.16 billion to $1.19 billion; adjusted EBITDA in a range of $180 million to $190 million; and depreciation expense related to our UK business in a range of $78 million to $80 million. As we look to 2020, ttheyre are several items that we would like to highlight regarding tthey timing of factors that impact our guidance. First, we continue to see progress at tthey specific facilities we highlighted in tthey third quarter of 2019. Tthey action plans that ttheyse facilities have been implemented. We’re seeing ttheyse facilities ramp up and expect improvement will continue through tthey first and second quarter. Second, as Debbie mentioned, we expect to see an ongoing contribution from tthey operational improvement initiatives throughout tthey year, which we expect to achieve a run rate of $20 million by tthey end of tthey year. Third, we expect bed additions to continue to drive strong growth throughout tthey year. We have added 585 beds in 2019 and expect to bring approximately 600 beds online in tthey U.S. in 2020. As a result of ttheyse factors, we expect to achieve revenue growth in tthey 5% to 7% range throughout 2020 for our U.S. operations. Additionally, in tthey second half of tthey year, we expect to achieve our goal of revenue growth at tthey high end of that range and EBITDA margin improvement for our U.S. operations. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks ttheir morning. I will now ask Eric to open tthey floor for your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from A.J. Rice with Credit Suisse. A.J. Rice Hi, everybody. Thanks. Just maybe looking at tthey UK, I think you’re putting – is tthey slight moderation in growth in tthey fourth quarter, revenue and EBITDA versus what you’d seen earlier in tthey year, it sounds like that’s mostly just retooling beds to get ready to take higtheyr acuity patients. But we also do have tthey political backdrop going on and tthey move atheyad with Brexit and so forth. Is it still your view that, that’s not having any impact on tthey business or tthey way NHS is relating to eittheyr staffing needs across tthey country or reimbursement or patient fund? Debbie Osteen A.J., I’ve talked with tthey team in tthey UK, and ttheyy don’t see any significant impact from Brexit. I think that theirtorically, ttheyy really employed very few people from Europe. I think, less than 5% of ttheyir workforce, but ttheyy don’t see that being an impact. I think as far as tthey election and just tthey political climate, ttheyre is a focus on middle theyalth throughout tthey UK. I think that ttheyre may be more funding through NHS, but ttheyre’s not going to be capital necessarily for extra beds. So we think ttheyre’s actually going to be more opportunities for independent providers. And ttheyre are provider collaboratives that are going to be in place and have – ttheyre’s been a lot of discussion, ttheyy actually become effective in tthey spring. We’re very involved with that, and we think that’s going to open new opportunities regionally for us. So we don’t see an impact from tthey Brexit. And also, we don’t see really changes in tthey labor market. Ttheyre are talks about doing more from an NHS perspective to provide more training and money to – for education for nurses and ottheyrs, but we will be a recipient of that as that happens. A.J. Rice Okay. And ttheyn maybe my follow-up would be around – tthey discussion around partnerships with theyalth systems. That seems like it’s going to become an increasing avenue for growth. Can you just tell us now that, that sort of settled out last year or two, anything about tthey terms of tthey deals? Is every deal its own thing? Or is ttheyre own situation? Or is ttheyre interesting aspects to tthey way terms are being done, are most of ttheyse situations competitive? Are ttheyy coming through brokers? Or ttheyse things that your network, you just are making contact with systems and really pretty much working with ttheym exclusively? Debbie Osteen I’d probably answer that, A.J., to say all of tthey above. I think that ttheyre are some processes that are competitive. Ttheyre are some systems that have taken tthey position ttheyy want to hire bankers to represent ttheym and look at who is out ttheyre to partner with ttheym. We also have several that have not done a competitive process, have reactheyd out to us exclusively. And I think that’s based really on our track record. Most of tthey systems will do a back ctheyck of how we are doing with our partnerships. And wtheyn ttheyy do that, we have excellent recommendations from tthey partners that we currently have our existing relationships with. But I also think that it’s a growing area. And I think, as I said in my remarks, we see actually more systems reaching out to us because I think ttheyy are seeing that ttheyy need to have mental theyalth expertise as ttheyy look at how to serve ttheyir patients, population theyalth and ottheyr areas. Each one is really different. And I think that we do have a template, that we try and look at for deal terms. But we also want to be responsive to our partners. We want to listen to what ttheyy feel is appropriate, and we usually come to terms so that it’s really positive for both of us. A.J. Rice Okay, all right. Thanks a lot. Debbie Osteen Thank you. Operator We’ll take our next question from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Jason Plagman Hey good morning. It’s Jason Plagman on for Brian. Thanks for tthey update on tthey UK sale process. So looking forward, any thoughts on potential deployment of tthey proceeds you’d receive from a transaction? And ttheyn thoughts on potential capital structure, debt leverage, things like that, after a potential transaction? David Duckworth Jason, ttheir is David. We don’t have specifics to share with you at ttheir time. We do intend to deleverage tthey company and have a capital structure that allows us to pursue tthey growth and tthey different opportunities that we believe we have. Tthey initial 10 is absolutely to deleverage tthey company and we will share more specifics on what that looks like immediately and in tthey long-term for our capital structure as tthey process continues. Jason Plagman Okay, fair enough. And ttheyn my follow-up, it seems like tthey de novo performance improved in Q4. Can you just talk about tthey outlook for those facilities in 2020? And ttheyn what you’ve baked into your guidance for 2020 as far as EBITDA impact from tthey new de novos you have plans to open in 2020? David Duckworth Sure. We did talk about having two new facilities that opened in tthey first quarter of 2019 and some of tthey start-up losses relating to those facilities throughout tthey year. We were very pleased that both of those facilities achieved breakeven in tthey fourth quarter, that is within a year of opening, that is tthey goal that we generally have for our new facilities. And both of those facilities, after getting off to a slow start, did achieve that goal in tthey fourth quarter. For tthey new facilities that we mentioned earlier for 2020, we do have about $5 million of start-up cost in our 2020 guidance relating to those facilities. Those opened throughout tthey year. So unlike 2019 wtheyre we had two at tthey same time, we have more of a phased approach for tthey de novos that we see coming online in 2020, but tthey start-up losses for those will be $5 million as a group. Jason Plagman Great, thanks for tthey questions. David Duckworth Thanks. Operator We’ll take our next question from Ralph Giacobbe with Citi. Ralph Giacobbe Thanks, good morning. Just want to go to tthey guidance, specifically tthey revenue guidance for 6.5% revenue growth. 2019, obviously, a slower year and you still have tthey UK challenges and it’s under a sales process. So I guess just a comfort on that magnitude of growth? And maybe if you can give us sort of tthey underlying growth expectations for tthey U.S. and tthey UK? David Duckworth Sure. Ttheir is David. We do have a strong revenue growth outlook in both tthey U.S. and tthey UK. We are expecting for tthey U.S. 5% to 7% revenue growth throughout tthey year. And we see that being at tthey high end of tthey range in tthey second half of tthey year, with tthey primary factors driving that, being tthey bed additions being a strong number as well as tthey facilities that we highlighted in tthey third quarter improving throughout tthey year. In tthey UK, we also have a strong revenue growth outlook and that primarily relates to tthey retooling. We now have, for tthey 150 beds that are currently off-line, a detailed time line as to wtheyn those beds come back online. And we see that starting in tthey first quarter and continuing throughout tthey year. And so tthey volume growth that we see in tthey UK and tthey project time lines that we have supporting tthey visibility that we now have around tthey retooling is tthey key driver of tthey revenue growth in tthey UK. Our pricing outlook in both markets is between 2% and 3%. So in addition to tthey volume, we do expect an ongoing in stability and strong pricing in tthey 2% to 3% range. Ralph Giacobbe Okay. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn just to follow-up. Maybe I missed it. Can you give us what tthey UK volume growth would have been ex retooling, and is that sort of tthey bridge? Because I think given tthey guidance that you gave, just on tthey UK of EBITDA of $180 million to $190 million, I think that implies, at tthey midpoint, growth of about 11% EBITDA growth. So can you just theylp bridge that? I mean, that’s a pretty sizable jump kind of year-over-year to what we saw in 2019. Thanks. David Duckworth Sure. In tthey UK, ttheyre is about a 2% impact from tthey retooling beds. Tthey revenue per day performance has been strong on increased pricing as well as improved acuity and service mix. But ttheyre is tthey volume impact from tthey beds that were closed for retooling. So as those beds come back online, we think ttheyre’s 2% volume growth just from that, with ottheyr volume growth relating to an overall improvement in tthey UK occupancy. And so mid-single-digit UK revenue growth is supported by tthey retooling beds coming back online. Overall, ottheyr opportunities we have in tthey occupancy as well as tthey pricing that we mentioned. So tthey UK revenue growth is in that 4% to 6%. If you look at it on a constant currency basis, ttheyre’s a little bit of contribution from tthey foreign currency. So I’m not sure if you’re seeing that in your numbers. But on a same constant currency basis, it’s a mid-single-digit expectation for tthey UK. Debbie Osteen I’ll just add that as we have been opening tthey retool beds, tthey team in tthey UK has had a lot of success working with commissioners to obtain block contracts. And what that does is it assures us of reimbursement for all of tthey beds we’re reopening. And it gives us tthey ability to ramp back up on our staffing and get tthey beds back open, but through a block contract that assures payment. And we have over 30 of those presently. And as we do reopen and we get to a point wtheyre we finish construction, that’s wtheyn tthey negotiation starts with our commissioners. And I think that protects us a little bit from reopening tthey beds and having to ramp back up because we have taken that down, obviously, for construction. So ttheyy’ve done a good job with that. And we expect more of those with tthey retool beds that open during 2020. Ralph Giacobbe Okay. That’s theylpful. Thank you. Operator We’ll take our next question from Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America. Aaronna Gajuk Hey, good morning. Ttheir is actually Aaronna Gajuk filling in for Kevin today. Thanks for taking tthey question. So first, I guess, I just want to clarify – or I guess also, we’ll get additional color on tthey comment around tthey UK sale process. So you said you expect to complete ttheir transaction I guess at tthey end of Q2 into Q3. So does it mean that you think it’s going to be closed? Or you’re going to have a final decision announced by that time? Debbie Osteen Well, we’re in tthey second phase, Aaronna, of our process. And wtheyn we talk about tthey second quarter, early in tthey third, we’re talking about completing tthey sale and actually having that finittheyyd. Now that is providing that we do have, as I said in my remarks, a firm and final bid that we determine maximizes value. But if we do have those circumstances, we expect to close eittheyr second quarter or early third quarter. Aaronna Gajuk Okay, great. And tthey ottheyr piece, so I appreciate tthey comment that you’re not commenting on specifics in terms of tthey use of proceeds. But just philosophically or, I guess, longer term, wtheyn you talk about trying to delever. So can you give us a frame, I guess, how you think about tthey optimal lever for tthey remaining U.S. business? Are you thinking more 4 times? Or is it a different number in terms of debt-to-EBITDA kind of target for tthey business? Thank you. David Duckworth Yes. I mean, we’re confirming that we are targeting a leverage that is lower than wtheyre we are today. We will provide more specifics in a range once we complete tthey deal. Aaronna Gajuk Okay. Great. And if I also can squeeze in a question on tthey guidance. So you now – you are talking about tthey specific segment, tthey UK growth seems to be implying or tthey guidance for tthey UK businesses to bring pretty decent growth. But wtheyn we put tthey numbers on tthey paper, seems like for tthey U.S., it’s kind of surprisingly low. So is ttheyre a missing piece in terms of tthey unallocated corporate overtheyad that we should be also considering theyre in terms of just trying to get tthey implied U.S. numbers, because we’re getting a very low single-digit growth rate. So I don’t think that, that will be what tthey guidance should be implying. Because you’re talking about a much stronger revenue growth on a same-store basis. So can you just frame to us how you think about tthey U.S. growth outlook for tthey EBITDA in 2021? Or maybe also draw it in ttheyre kind of long term in terms of how you think about that business. Thank you. David Duckworth Sure, Aaronna. And we did provide tthey guidance around tthey margin throughout tthey year with improvement happening throughout tthey year. And really, in tthey second half of tthey year, getting to a margin improvement on a year-over-year basis. Tthey EBITDA, if you just look at our U.S. facilities without tthey corporate overtheyad, it is in a strong mid to upper single-digit range. Tthey timing is just part of that, as we mentioned. If you include tthey corporate office costs, let me just provide tthey detail around that because it sounds like that is something to clarify. We did finish 2019 with about $84 million of corporate overtheyad in tthey U.S., U.S. facilities. We don’t have an overtheyad in that number relating to our UK operations. operations. We do see that growing and tthey expectation for next year is in a range of $95 million to $98 million. Tthey reason for that really is items in tthey 2019 number that just caused that to be lower than what we target in tthey normal year. Specifically, our bonus accruals are resetting in tthey 2020 guidance to more of tthey targeted number, so that is tthey primary reason for our corporate office projection going from $84 million to around $95 million to $98 million range. Aaronna Gajuk Great. Thanks for clarifying that. Thank you. Operator We’re taking our next question from Pito Chickering with Deutscthey Bank. Pito Chickering Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. First one, on bed retooling. Can you just quantify tthey number of beds that were retooled and open during 2019, and that’s in addition to tthey 150 that are closed at tthey end of tthey year? David Duckworth Pito, we did have gone through tthey program [Audio Dip] 2019, and we mentioned having 150 beds at tthey end of tthey year that we’ll be reopening in 2020. Pito Chickering Okay. And ttheyn during, I guess, to A.J.’s question, you talked about provider collaborations, which I believe starts in April. Do you think that leads to – do that lead to any new bed retoolings throughout tthey year? Or do you think that sort of tthey 150 and ttheyn have those come online, we won’t see any additional bed retoolings during 2020? Debbie Osteen Tthey team believes that we’re really at, I think, tthey peak of tthey retooling. I don’t think that ttheyy expect to have a substantial number of beds like we’ve seen in 2019. We’re always going to look for opportunity. If we think a bed could be providing a higtheyr level of service, if we’re asked by our customers. But ttheyre aren’t any plans to do any more in a more of a material way around tthey retooling for ttheir year. Pito Chickering Okay. Great. And ttheyn tthey last question, beginning in tthey U.S., have you seen any impact from nicthey competitors in autism or eating disorders in your markets? Thank you so much. Debbie Osteen We really haven’t. I mean, ttheyre are competitors in both of those areas, we don’t do – we do provide some autism services but not to any great extent. We have several eating disorder specialty programs, and ttheyy seem to be doing well and actually growing. I think ttheyre are competitors, and ttheyre have been – ttheir is – it’s an area that I think ttheyre’s a great need in for that kind of treatment, but we have not seen any real meaningful impact from competition. Pito Chickering Great. Thank you so much. Operator Our next question comes from with Whit Mayo with UBS. Whit Mayo Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to go back to tthey UK a bit. I’m struggling a little bit with tthey guidance. But looking at tthey fourth quarter, on a constant currency basis, tthey operating cost per patient day increased about 7%, which is actually sequentially worse. And ttheir trend of continued cost inflation really hasn’t improved and just continues to trend in tthey wrong direction, which I know was partially a function of tthey retooling efforts. So ttheyre’s just a lot going on. And I guess, I’m just trying to understand what are you sort of underwriting in your plan for 2020, operating cost per patient day? Or if ttheyre’s any way that you can provide some context around tthey last quarter or two, how much extra expense you’re carrying through your run rate right now from all ttheyse retooling efforts? David Duckworth Yes. Whit, on a cost per patient day basis, we actually see tthey growth. If you look at it in constant currency, it’s less than 5% year-over-year. And that really reflects tthey service mix and tthey higtheyr acuity of tthey patients we’re seeing. We are focused on tthey margin and just making sure that tthey revenue growth reflects that service mix and that higtheyr acuity. And from that perspective, tthey margin has been very stable over tthey last six quarters. And as we look at tthey labor metrics, we’ve seen stability in both tthey agency percentage that we’re utilizing within tthey labor as well as just overall labor cost as a percentage of revenue. So ttheyre is an increase in tthey operating cost, but it does relate to tthey acuity and service mix that we see. Whit Mayo So maybe I didn’t understand it. So how are you assuming that trends in 2020? I mean, it should moderate, I’m just trying to get a sense of what your assumptions are. David Duckworth Yes, it does moderate. Tthey ottheyr part of tthey equation is obviously tthey volume. And so we have maintained some staff during tthey retooling, and that allows us to see tthey volume and tthey margin benefit as those beds come back online. So that will be reflected in tthey 2020 cost per patient day numbers, primarily driven by tthey stability that we see in tthey labor cost but also tthey incremental benefit of tthey volume. Debbie Osteen And, Whit, I’ll just add, as we have retooled and we have brought tthey beds down and we’ve discharged patients to a lower level of care, ttheyre’s a core staff that we have needed to make sure that tthey ward is safe. So in some instances, through tthey year, and actually tthey third quarter and into tthey fourth, we were keeping a core group ttheyre to make sure that as we ramp down, we had safety on tthey wards in tthey UK. Whit Mayo That’s theylpful. Maybe just two quick ones. Of tthey $20 million of savings that you guys identified from a host of operational initiatives, what do you actually expect to realize in 2020? I know that you’ll hit tthey run rate of $20 million by tthey fourth quarter, but wanted to know what tthey incremental realization is. And ttheyn for your joint ventures, is ttheyre a number to think about for real estate acquisition spend ttheir year? And that’s it for me. David Duckworth Well, first, on tthey operational improvement initiative, we do think that we will gradually build to that $20 million that we achieved by tthey end of tthey year. It’s somewhat gradual throughout tthey year and around $10 million is our expectation for what’s realized during tthey year. As it relates to tthey real estate acquisitions, some of that spending does relate to just wtheyn we buy land or wtheyn we have ottheyr real estate that’s acquired relating to an expansion, or a new facility or joint venture project. Going forward, that will continue to be around wtheyre it was ttheir year. It typically is around $10 million to $20 million. But we think of that as part of tthey investments that we’re making in tthey different types of growth. Whit Mayo Okay. Thanks a lot. David Duckworth Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Matttheyw Borsch with BMO Capital Markets. Matttheyw Borsch I just had a question on tthey EPS guidance. If I take tthey high end of your revenue and EBITDA – adjusted EBITDA ranges and tthey ottheyr guidance that you’re giving on D&A and interest expense in tthey share count, I’m getting to something well above tthey – sorry, tthey range of $220 million to $240 million. If I’m making tthey stupid mistake, we can take it offline, but I just wanted to see if ttheyre was something obvious that I might be missing? I know tthey tax rate you’re guiding is 70%. David Duckworth Yes, Matt, it does depend on tthey range that you use for those non-operating cost, and we’ve provided clarity around depreciation and interest. So depending on wtheyttheyr you use tthey low end throughout all of tthey numbers or you incorporate some type of high end, yes. Matttheyw Borsch Okay, that makes sense. Tthey ottheyr question is on tthey first quarter. It looks like your – you guided – I’m getting something sort of flat EBITDA for tthey first quarter. And I’m just wondering on tthey revenue line, sorry, and no revenue was obviously up like 5%. What about tthey calendar impact, how are you estimating that? Isn’t that a benefit, both with respect to tthey leap day, obviously, but ttheyre’s also a little bit of ottheyr year-over-year benefit ttheyre? David Duckworth Yes, we do see a benefit from having one extra day compared to tthey first quarter of 2019. We estimate that somewtheyre in tthey range of $1 million to $2 million. But that is a year-over-year benefit that we expect. Matttheyw Borsch Okay. And how are you thinking about tthey stranded – if – well, are ttheyre any stranded costs as you see it, or at least lost operating leverage that you would expect to have for some period of time after tthey UK sale? David Duckworth No, ttheyre’s really not. I mean, tthey U.S. corporate office costs that we mentioned a minute ago relate specifically to our U.S. facilities. And ttheyre are a few million of costs that we have within that number just that relate to tthey cost of us being a multinational company if you think about higtheyr professional fees relating to tax requirements and things like that. So ttheyre will be a wind-down of a few million of additional costs that we carry. But we don’t think about ttheyre being any stranded cost, just given tthey self-sufficiency of each of those two segments. Matttheyw Borsch Let me just – one last question on that, which is, do you think that we externally have tthey data elements to really estimate what tthey run – earnings run rate is going to look like post tthey sale of UK, I mean, absent tthey impacts maybe of tthey capital reallocation from that sale? David Duckworth Yes, Matt, we do. And part of our intent in providing tthey UK depreciation number and ottheyr metrics is just to give you all tthey information that we think you need. Matttheyw Borsch Yes, thank you very much. David Duckworth Okay. Debbie Osteen Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from John Ransom with Raymond James. John Ransom Hey, good morning. In tthey wayback machine, wtheyn you bought CRC from Bain, you had about $475 million of revenue, 600 empty beds. And I don’t think you guys disclosed how big tthey methadone business was, but could you just approximately size that business today? And I’m particularly interested in how much tthey methadone business has grown in tthey last six years. David Duckworth We have 127 clinics, we’re now in 32 different states. We have seen strong performance in that business, improvement in tthey coverage that we have and really a diversified payer mix within that business. So we’ve seen strong revenue growth in line with what we’ve reported on an organic basis for our U.S. facilities. It’s part of that number. So hopefully, that theylps you size wtheyre tthey business is today. We don’t separately report revenue relating to that segment because it’s just – it’s one component of our U.S. operations. John Ransom Do you remember how many you had wtheyn you bought it roughly versus tthey 127? David Duckworth John, I don’t – I think it was somewtheyre around 75 clinics. We’ve done four or so tuck-in acquisitions within that service line. John Ransom Okay. And do you remember kind of approximately – of tthey $475 million at tthey time, what percent of that was – is it fair to say that was maybe 25% of tthey mix at tthey time? Is that crazy? David Duckworth I don’t remember what that representative of tthey CRC business. But wtheyre we are today, that segment, that service line is around 15% to 17% of our U.S. revenue. But I don’t recall what piece of previous acquisitions that was. John Ransom And ttheyn just last one for me is, of tthey beds you’ve added and plan to add in 2020, so let’s kind of take 2018, 2019, 2020, approximately what percent of those are de novos, freestanding, stand-alones versus adding beds to tthey existing facilities? Debbie Osteen John, our de novos are 300 of tthey 600, and tthey remaining are bed additions that we will be making to our existing facilities. So it’s about half and half. John Ransom Great. All right. See you next week. Thank you. Debbie Osteen Thank you. Operator We’ll take our next question from Gary Taylor with JPMorgan. Gary Taylor Hi, good morning. Most of my questions answered. I just wanted to understand just a little bit of tthey U.S. trajectory year-over-year and sequentially. So it looks like if we adjust for tthey AR charge in tthey fourth quarter of 2018, did see improvement sequentially in tthey U.S. same-store margins that were down about 140 in tthey third, down about 90 adjusted in tthey fourth. So are you – based on your comments, I guess, implying that you do think same-store margin in tthey U.S. are down in tthey first half, and ttheyn ttheyy’ll be up in tthey second half? It sounds like that’s what’s sort of underlying tthey guide. David Duckworth Yes, Gary, we do, and hopefully, we provided enough explanation around some of tthey factors driving that. Ttheyre are a few ottheyr factors that we do think contributes to that. I’ll give you just anottheyr example that will hopefully just theylp you understand tthey guidance throughout tthey year. We did make a change in tthey timing of our merit increases for our U.S. facilities. So in 2020, we are transitioning that merit increase to happen rattheyr than at each employee’s annual anniversary date to once a year, eittheyr in January or April, for all facilities. Ttheir is an improvement, not only in just tthey – in tthey process, tthey employee evaluation process and performance review process, but also just tthey visibility, tthey control that we have as we think about facility level cost. As part of that, ttheyre was a shift just that we will be going through, on a one-time basis, that affects tthey year-over-year comparison 2020 versus 2019. It does shift some cost to tthey first half of tthey year, but will result in a more stable cost throughout tthey year going into tthey second half of tthey year. So that, along with some of tthey ottheyr factors that we mentioned around tthey specific facilities improving, bed additions coming online, tthey operational improvements, that’s part of our margin expectation improving throughout tthey year. Gary Taylor And that sounds like tthey segment – my follow-up was just, it looks like consolidated margins down 40% ttheir quarter. Your first quarter guidance is for those margins to be down about 100 basis points year-over-year. So it sounds like ttheyre’s some of tthey corporate overtheyad stuff you talked about stepping up. Also ttheir change on tthey merit comp probably, I guess, would be two of tthey biggest factors on just that sequential guide? David Duckworth Yes, that’s right, Gary. Gary Taylor Okay, thank you. David Duckworth Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Ryan Daniels with William Blair. Nick Spiekhout Hey, guys. Nick Spiekhout in for Ryan. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess, I know we talked about ttheir in tthey past, and you haven’t seen anything, but I’m just wondering what you guys are seeing on tthey labor front in tthey U.S.? I know a competitor now that ttheyy’re having some trouble filling some vacancies, and I think ttheyy quoted that ttheyir annual wage increases jumped about 1% ttheir year. So just a little bit of update ttheyre if you can? Debbie Osteen Ttheir is Debbie. We haven’t really seen labor pressures really differ from 2019 or project ttheym to. I think part of looking at ottheyrs in tthey industry, we have our service lines that I believe factor into some of tthey labor pressures, particularly around our ends. We do have tthey specialty area and CTC, which are not as dependent on RNs, ttheyy use ottheyr professionals. And tthey ottheyr, I think, factor, which I think is very positive is we have had a very focused process on recruiting and retention. And I think that while we make changes in markets wtheyre we think we might be at a point wtheyre we might limit census, which we have not done, and we see capacity issues developing because of staffing, we have been proactive in making sure that we’re putting in wage adjustments as necessary. It’s very variable by market. And I think, again, comparing to ottheyrs in tthey industry, we’re not in all of tthey same markets. So we have markets wtheyre we do have pressures, but ttheyn we have ottheyrs wtheyre we’re keeping up with tthey competition through our wages. Nick Spiekhout Great. Thanks for that. And I guess, just shifting to tthey UK retooling. What’s tthey progression of that for 2020, is that – has that weighted in tthey back half or in tthey front half or pretty even about for those beds coming back online? David Duckworth It’s really evenly throughout tthey year. We do have some of tthey projects that tend to be larger than ottheyrs. Ttheyy typically range between 10 and 30 beds each. And we have tthey first one, it is ready to open in March and has a block contract for tthey reopening. And so it’s starting in March, and it’s somewhat evenly throughout tthey year. Nick Spiekhout Okay, great. Thanks, guys. That’s it for me. Debbie Osteen Thank you. Operator And that does conclude tthey question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn tthey call back over to Debbie Osteen for any additional or closing remarks. Debbie Osteen I just want to say thanks for being with us today and for your interest in Acadia Healthcare. I’d like to conclude by thanking all of our employees and our clinicians. Every day, ttheyy show real dedication and focus. Ttheyy want to provide tthey higtheyst quality care to our patients and our families, and I appreciate ttheyir efforts, and I just want to thank ttheym. I’ll also say that if you have additional questions today, please do not theysitate to contact us directly. And have a good day. Operator And that concludes today’s presentation. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.