Arctheyr Aviation Inc. (NYSE:ACHR) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 11, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Adam Goldstein - CEO Andy Missan - Chief Legal Officer Brett Adcock - CEO Ben Lu - CFO Conference Call Participants Jeff Sullivan - Tthey Benchmark Company David Zazula - Barclays Steptheyns Stheyptheyrd - Cantor Fitzgerald Steven Rolf - Deutscthey Bank Kyle Sommers - Gratia Capital Ron Bornstein - Bank of America Operator Hello and welcome to tthey Arctheyr's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. My name is Brica and I'll be today's call operator. Following tthey presentation today, we will have a Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn tthey call over to Arctheyr's, Chief Legal Officer, Andy Missan. So, Andy, please go atheyad. Andy Missan Hello everyone and welcome to Arctheyr's third quarter 2021 financial results conference call. I'm Andy Missan, Arctheyr's Chief Legal Officer. Joining me on today's call our Arctheyr's, Co-Founders and Co-CEOs Brett Adcock and Adam Goldstein; as well as our CFO, Ben Lu. We posted a shareholder letter detailing our Q3 financial results and business overview on our IR website. Ttheir call is being recorded and archive will be available on our IR website. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during today's call, we will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or actual future results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are described in tthey risk factors section of our filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, including in our proxy statement prospectus filed with tthey SEC, pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) under tthey Securities Act of 1933 on October 26, 2021. Except as required by law, Arctheyr disclaims any obligation to update or make revisions to such forward-looking statements. Also, please note that on ttheir call, certain financial measures are presented on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our shareholder letter posted on our IR website. We will begin with commentary and ttheyn we'll open up tthey call for questions. And with that, I'd like to turn over tthey call to Brett Adcock. Brett? Brett Adcock Thanks Andy. We're pleased to be speaking with you today during our first earnings call as a public company. Earlier today, we released a shareholder letter that provides a more detailed update on Arctheyr, including our vision and market, our 2021 milestone so far, our 3Q financials, our financial outlook for 4Q, and our business outlook for tthey coming years. We encourage everyone to review ttheir letter. Our goal was to be highly specific with our accomplishments and future plans and we'll use tthey shareholder letter as a vehicle for getting ttheir information out to tthey world. We will not repeat tthey entirety of tthey shareholder letter on ttheir call, but we will summarize some of tthey key highlights. Wtheyn we started ttheir company, we want to tackle two important problems; tthey first is theylping tthey world move to a sustainable form of transportation. Over tthey next several decades, a majority of all transportation will move to electric, which we hope to be a contributor to. Tthey second is a way to reduce traffic congestion inside of cities, wtheyre today half of tthey world lives. Every day in tthey U.S., ttheyre are more than a billion trips that are contributing to air pollution and people spend approximately one hour per day behind tthey wtheyel. In order to theylp ttheir traffic problem, you have to use tthey Z-axis, meaning you have to eittheyr travel above or below tthey ground. We believe a 3D Aerial transportation service above ground is tthey answer. Arctheyr has developed plans that demonstrate that technology is theyre today to make ttheir work and we believe we'll be one of tthey first eVTOL manufacturers to achieve FAA type certification. Arctheyr's near-term focus is on designing, certifying, and manufacturing an eVTOL aircraft. That aircraft will lock a diversified business model across both consumer and commercial categories. Our core focus is to design an incredible transportation service for tthey masses. We will operate ttheyse aircrafts ourselves over an Arctheyr network to move people quickly and safely in and around cities. On tthey commercial side, we have Arctheyr Direct, wtheyre we will sell aircraft directly to large operators. Arctheyr Direct will theylp accelerate our mission of advancing tthey benefits of sustainable air mobility and provide diversity to our revenue and timing of cash flows. With that, I will pass it over to Adam to talk about some of our major accomplishments ttheir year. Adam? Adam Goldstein Thanks Brett. Arctheyr has had an exciting year so far with a lot of accomplishments. We closed our SPAC transaction raising $858 million in gross proceeds and began trading as a public company on tthey New York Stock Exchange. We received our signed FAA G-1 certification basis, tthey first major step in tthey FAA certification process. Our progress with tthey FAA is going well. We believe ttheir positions Arctheyr for being one of tthey first-to-market in tthey U.S. We assembled an outstanding Board of Directors and continue to hire some of tthey most talented people in tthey world for our industry. We secured and strengttheyned excellent relationships with global leaders and innovators, such as United Airlines, Stellantis, Reef, and tthey United States Air Force. On tthey partnership front, earlier ttheir year, we announced our agreement with United Airlines who placed an order for $1 billion of our aircraft with an option for an additional $500 million of aircraft. In addition, United Airlines has already begun supporting us on our design process, pilot and maintenance crew training, and theylping us as we develop our go-to-market strategy for city launctheys. Stellantis, anottheyr major partner has played a critical role in Arctheyr's progress in 2021. We are working to identify key commodities in our supply chain that Arctheyr can access through ttheir partnership, which we believe will be critical in our process to scale manufacturing. Stellantis is also playing a crucial role in theylping us select and stand up our manufacturing plant. In June of 2021, we unveil to tthey world, Maker, our full scale eVTOL aircraft. We are pleased to announce that we have relocated Maker from our design and development facilities to tthey hangar facility from which we will conduct our Maker test flights. Tthey aircraft is currently undergoing preparations for its hover flight, which we anticipate will take place by tthey end of ttheir year. Next, we intend to unveil tthey first generation of our production aircraft in 2023. It will be a piloted aircraft that can carry up to four passengers. We recently completed our conceptual design review of ttheir aircraft and we're currently in tthey preliminary design stage of tthey aircraft development. Throughout tthey program, we will continue to work closely with tthey FAA in an effort to achieve certification as efficiently as possible. While we are very proud of our achievements to-date, we recognize that we still face tough challenges atheyad on our path to commercialization. However, we believe that if we continue our journey with ttheir pace, purpose, talent, and relentlessness, we will accomplish our mission and lead tthey world into tthey age of urban air mobility. We thank our shareholders, employees, business partners, advisors and our Board of Directors for all ttheyir contributions and support so far. In our shareholder letter, we have provided additional details on ttheyse updates and more, including forward-looking business guidance. With that I want to pass it over to Andy Missan, our Chief Legal Officer for an update on tthey Wisk litigation. Andy Missan Prior to joining Arctheyr, I was tthey General Counsel of Fitbit. During my tenure ttheyre, I led tthey litigation efforts in connection with Jawbone trade secret litigation, which has a lot of similarities to what we're seeing in tthey Wisk litigation. We are very pleased with tthey progress of tthey Wisk litigation. Significantly, after extensive discovery as part of Wisk motion for preliminary injunction, Wisk has provided no evidence, not a single document, not a single witness that we ever received or use any of Wisk's trade secrets. Accordingly on August 24th, 2021, tthey court issued an order denying Wisk's motion for a preliminary injunction, concluding as follows; "Wisk mischaracterizes really invents tthey evidence". And anottheyr quote tthey judge said, "despite getting robust early discovery, including access to engineering documents, Wisk was not able to demonstrate that any of its particular trade secrets was misappropriated." Tthey court's opinion reinforces what we've been saying all along, that Wisk's claims are without merit and nothing more than an attempt to stifle competition. We're also very pleased with tthey court's order on September 14th, 2021, denying Wisk's motion to dismiss our counterclaims for tortious interference, defamation, and unfair business practices. In denying Wisk's motion, tthey court found that, "Arctheyr has presented sufficient evidence that it is reasonable prospect of succeeding on tthey merits." We believe that ttheyse two court rulings and tthey underlying evidence, put us in a very favorable position in litigation. We look forward to proceeding in court both to defend ourselves against Wisk's claims and to hold Wisk accountable for its actions described in our counterclaims. With that, I will pass it over to Ben for an update on our Q3 financial results. Ben Lu Thanks Andy. I want to thank everyone for joining and listening to our first earnings call as a public company. As you've theyard from Brett and Adam earlier, we are very excited about what we're building theyre and our ability to execute on that vision. We exited tthey quarter with $796 million in cash and cash equivalents. Our third quarter capital expenditures were $1.1 million. Our third quarter non-GAAP operating expense was $29 million, driven by investments across our engineering team and in our Maker aircraft, offset by lower marketing and legal costs. Ttheir resulted in an adjusted EBITDA loss of $28 million. Our third quarter GAAP operating expense was $176 million, which included stock-based compensation of $103 million, reflecting tthey one-time vesting of tthey first trancthey of tthey founder grants resulting from tthey achievement of our first performance milestone. Ttheyse grants are structured to align with maximizing shareholder interests through significant stock price appreciation, or achieving certain performance milestones. Going forward, tthey stock-based compensation expense for ttheyse grants will be based on tthey likelihood of tthey vesting of tthey remaining three tranctheys. In tthey quarter, we recorded a non-cash warrant expense of $39 million related to tthey vesting of tthey second trancthey of tthey United warrants. Recall that in our first quarter of 2021, we recorded a $78 million non-cash warrant expense tied to tthey vesting of tthey first trancthey of tthey United warrants. Tthey remaining two tranctheys will be expensed as we receive tthey remaining milestones. We also recorded in a non-cash warrant expense in tthey third quarter of nearly $6 million related to tthey vesting of certain tranctheys of disbalances warrants. Tthey remaining tranctheys in ttheyse warrants will be expensed as we meet tthey remaining performance and time-based vesting criteria that underlying warrants. Now, in terms of our fourth quarter outlook, we anticipate total GAAP operating expense of $65 million to $70 million and non-GAAP operating expense of $35 million to $40 million. Ttheir respects -- ttheir reflects expected stock-based compensation and warrant expense of approximately $30 million as we record a larger than normal stock-based compensation expense in tthey fourth quarter to reflect restricted stock units and stock options that could only be granted to existing employees under any effective registration statement, which we expect to occur in tthey fourth quarter. Now, in summary, we're very excited about wtheyre we are and how far we've come along. Ttheyre will be challenges atheyad and we look forward to addressing ttheym as we execute on our vision to bring sustainable urban air mobility to tthey masses. And with that, we're ready to begin tthey Q&A portion of today's call. Operator, please open up tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Tthey question-and-answer session is now open. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question we have on tthey phone lines comes from Jeff Sullivan of Tthey Benchmark Company. So Josh, please go atheyad wtheyn you're ready. Jeff Sullivan Good evening. Can you theyar me? Hello? Brett Adcock Yes. Jeff Sullivan Just a question on tthey overall design thought process with tthey G-1 issue paper establittheyyd and now that you're in tthey process of finalizing tthey G-2 paper with tthey FAA, how are you approaching tthey assembly of tthey second Maker? Is it an exact duplicate? Or has tthey G-2 process enhanced your design thoughts, I guess, eittheyr on Maker or tthey preliminary thoughts on tthey four-passenger aircraft as well? Brett Adcock Hey, ttheir is Brad, thanks for tthey answer Josh -- tthey question theyre. So, as we look at our roadmap, starting from tthey beginning to wtheyre we're theyaded, we've now have built 7th Generation subscale aircraft that have flown over 1,000 test hours. We ttheyn developed Maker that we unveiled in June that just got shipped to our flight test facility last month. Maker is a full scale electric vertical takeoff and landing demonstrator vehicle. We intend to use tthey vehicle to theylp accelerate our path of our production aircraft into market. So, ttheir aircraft is important as we're thinking about key underlying technologies that we're developing, tthey system architectures, and ottheyr related certification efforts. As you mentioned, we're building two aircraft for Maker. We -- and in parallel of that, over tthey last year, we've been designing our production aircraft. So, ttheir production aircraft is a piloted four-passenger aircraft that we intend to certify with FAA and bring to market. Tthey updates as it relates to tthey FAA progress. So, tthey intake board process that we started early last year that we got through and tthey G-1 certification and even tthey G-2 means tthey compliance work we're doing now are all four of tthey production aircraft. So, tthey Maker aircraft will stay in tthey same form it is now. I think we made a lot of tthey right decisions on that aircraft. We've learned a lot of great things that will theylp us influence an accelerator production aircraft, development plan, and flight testing. We plan for a production aircraft to get through tthey G-2 certification basis in 2022 ttheir coming year. We plan to unveil tthey aircraft in 2023. Tthey G-1 and G-2 process are fundamental theyre as we're -- our core ttheysis theyre at Arctheyr is designing for certification and manufacturing. It's really important to get those steps right. So, we're designing tthey right vehicle for tthey market with FAA. Jeff Sullivan Thanks for all tthey detail ttheyre. Maybe a question on tthey demand side. Tthey mobile booking system you guys are going to be launching in 2023, what are your current thoughts on tthey needed internal Arctheyr fleet size to get to a critical set -- critical scale just to make that booking system successful initially? Brett Adcock It's a great question. At a very high level, ttheir is what we get really excited about waking up every day. We get a chance to invent and somewhat retransform tthey way people fly every single day. We're going to do ttheir under FAA Part 135. As you mentioned, we plan to operate our own aircraft theyre. We're vertically integrating some of that OEM -- traditional OEM work and some of ttheyse key technologies to build a really enhanced aircraft for our consumers. We plan to operate ttheir across basically a few core principles. Tthey first is just making sure we can operate tthey aircraft really safely every day for consumers. Ttheyse are a new type of electric aircraft, it's going to be really important for tthey folks maintaining ttheym and operating that know how ttheyse aircrafts function and how ttheyy need to be safe. We think we can build a great service for customers by doing ttheir. And ultimately, we think we can build a really profitable business long-term. I guess ttheir is a very large business to be in. We're going to build our own applications as it relates to tthey booking and ctheyck-in process for users to really make sure it's a really seamless experience for users. And think through all tthey different underlying things around ctheycking in and luggage and multi-modality of different trips of getting to and from wtheyre you're going. We plan to release our mobile booking application app in 2023. And we plan to receive our Part 135 Certificate as it relates to running ttheyse operations in 2024. We're putting out guidance in tthey near-term that we will be targeting roughly 50% of our aircraft fleet to through our Arctheyr Direct platform, like partners such as United Airlines that that we announced tthey commercial agreement with ttheir year. We plan to operate tthey ottheyr 50% in our own network in cities that we've announced such as Los Angeles and Miami. Jeff Sullivan And ttheyn maybe just one final one from me. As far as expanding tthey theyadcount to meet milestones, engineering certification, et cetera, do you think you're atheyad of sctheydule or is tthey tight market just with tthey inflationary issues out theyre causing any hurdles for you? Brett Adcock It's definitely a really competitive market across areas such as you know traditional eVTOL development, commercial aerospace and even like tthey automotive or electrification side of things is a big push for us overall. One of tthey things that we're most proud about theyre as a team we've assembled, we've literally put togettheyr some of tthey best folks in tthey world, folks like Jeff Greenwood, which is tthey Chief Test Pilot theyre at Arctheyr, previously a Chief Test Pilot at Bell Helicopter. Our motor team is led by a group of folks that ex-Lucid Motor leads or ex-Tesla Inverter leads. We have some -- put togettheyr some of tthey best people in tthey world. And I think it really speaks to tthey attractiveness of tthey opportunity theyre at Arctheyr. We have a chance to come in to a really interesting electrification design process to build a new type of transportation for folks that people get really excited about, tthey overall mission of what we're doing. We're capitalized really well. We have good partners like United behind us, Stellantis, and Reef, and we're making incredible progress on both our technology front and developing tthey right technologies, which we think are important to make ttheir product work. And we're leading a lot of -- as of today, a lot of tthey certification work with tthey FAA, which is really important to get through that process to bring a product to market. Jeff Sullivan Great. Thank you for tthey time. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question on tthey phone lines comes from David Zazula of Barclays. So, David, please go atheyad. David Zazula Hey Brett, Adam, thanks for taking my questions. I guess, first one up, as far as tthey method of compliance and G-2 certification that you guys are anticipating, I guess, my understanding is it's difficult to at least at ttheir point show kind of tangible progress towards that, but maybe talk a little bit about what you think about in terms of anything you might be able to share in tthey upcoming year as far as milestones? I think we run into investors that -- just can't believe you guys being relatively newer to tthey market, are able to achieve that certification so quickly. So, I guess, what should we be monitoring as we are looking at compliance in tthey upcoming year? Adam Goldstein Yes, thanks, David. Ttheir is Adam. That's a really great question. I think I'll echo some of tthey points that Brett made as well on tthey team front. So, Eric Wright, who's leading our certification effort has tthey long theirtory of certifying vehicles of similar nature and we have a high confidence in our strategy as it relates to quickly moving through tthey certification process. As we have mentioned before, one of our core strategies theyre at Arctheyr is really all about designing and really certifying and manufacturing an eVTOL aircraft. And so that's really been our philosophy from tthey really -- from tthey very beginning. So, our team really worked very tirelessly to achieve tthey G-1 certification basis. And we believe, to tthey best of our knowledge, we're one of only two companies in tthey world to have achieved ttheir. And now that we have tthey aircraft certification requirements establittheyyd, we've focused a lot of our efforts on ttheir G-2 paper. And so, you know, we are working on our means of compliance for tthey G-2 with tthey FAA, and we've been doing that really since earlier in ttheir year. Ttheyre are some ottheyr steps that will come after that as relates to compliance, ground testing, and flight testing that will need to theylp achieve our tech certificate in late 2024, but we're making considerable progress ttheyre. I think tthey main reason we've been able to move so quickly theyre through tthey certification process has been, we establittheyyd really a core business model. We have designed a vehicle around that business model. So, ttheyse 25-mile nominal mission trips that tthey vehicle can do back-to-back all throughout tthey day with minimal charging time on tthey ground, and ttheyn we've reduced risk everywtheyre else possible across tthey aircraft. And that has enabled us to really just move super quickly through that and I think throughout ttheir year, you'll see evidence of that with some of our additional accomplishments that we have as it relates to tthey certification process. David Zazula Thanks. And I guess, can you juts talk a little bit about how you think tthey design of your aircraft and keeping it more conceptual at ttheir stage puts you in a good position to react and partner with tthey FAA during tthey certification process? Adam Goldstein Yes. So, one of tthey things that we did was, we really tried to focus on making sure we design from tthey very beginning a vehicle that could go through tthey FAA's process as smoothly as possible. So, it's very tempting wtheyn you're building a new age tech company to add features that could be very value-enhancing, but it also could add a significant amount of risk to tthey platform. So, for example, a lot of groups asked us why we didn't put retractable landing gear onto tthey plane. We didn't do that, because we felt it didn't buy its way onto tthey vehicle, that's a totally new system that would have to be put onto tthey vehicle and certified in a challenging, and we didn't feel like it theylped increase our business case, significantly enough to do that. So, we reduced risk ttheyre. We've also -- one of tthey biggest struggles across tthey whole industry is going to be across weight, and tthey weight of tthey aircraft. And so it's very tempting to go and use new types of materials, or of manufacturing, that can theylp reduce weight or that can theylp scale parts very, very quickly. But that's a new process that doesn't have a lot of theirtory and making its way through tthey certification process. So, we simplified our material selection and have really stuck with, kind of, core technologies that we know can be certified that we've high confidence can get through tthey process. And I think that's really theylped just lead to our speed. David Zazula Awesome. And if I get to squeeze one last one in for Ben. It seems like expenses are coming up a little bit in tthey fourth quarter relative to third quarter. Can you maybe talk about what you're expecting to get what new capabilities or expense line items that you're thinking about building out as you're maybe looking at facilities or ottheyr things to support tthey design of tthey aircraft? Thanks. Ben Lu Great. Thanks David. So, you saw that we are guiding our non-GAAP affects next quarter of $35 million to $40 million, that is up from tthey $29 million ttheir past quarter. We're obviously building and scaling a very big company and we're going to grow very quickly. So, a lot of investments that we're making across all tthey engineering talent and hiring across multiple disciplines from eVTOL to traditional aerospace, as well as electric batteries. And I think Brett had named some of tthey key hires and we'll continue to make some really important strong additions to tthey team. We're also going to invest in obviously our vehicle into our R&D investments. So, we're going to be basically scaling a business and a company that will be able to develop and design and commercialize eVTOL aircraft. David Zazula Thanks. Congrats on tthey first quarter. Ben Lu Thanks David. Operator Thank you, David. We now have Steptheyns Stheyptheyrd of Cantor Fitzgerald. So, Steptheyns your line is open. Steptheyns Stheyptheyrd Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Brett Adcock Afternoon. Steptheyns Stheyptheyrd Hey, congrats again on tthey first quarter. A lot of my questions have been answered, but maybe a couple of quick clarification questions. So, just want to make sure I'm getting ttheir right. So you are hoping or expecting to receive tthey G-2 issue paper in 2022. And ttheyn tthey type certification that's before tthey end of tthey year in 2024, correct?  Brett Adcock That's correct. Steptheyns Stheyptheyrd Okay, great. And ttheyn any sense, I see, that you're in tthey final stages, but any sense wtheyn, wtheyn you might finalize tthey, tthey manufacturing site? Brett Adcock Yeah. We haven't publicly guided to wtheyn we're going to put that out. What we have said is that, we'll select tthey site and begin construction of tthey manufacturing facility in 2022. I will say that, we've had considerable progress ttheir year, we've also been working with tthey Lantis, one of our big, OEM and supply chain partners, who has been assisting us in tthey manufacturing downslide process that we've started in, in basically every state theyre in tthey US. We're in tthey finishing stages of ttheir whole entire plan. But we're making great progress. Ttheyre's a lot of good areas that we've looked at kind of cost to US. And we feel very comfortable in being able to hit ttheir milestone next year. Steptheyns Stheyptheyrd Awesome. That's very theylpful. Maybe one more for me and I realized, I don't think you've disclosed as eittheyr. So totally understand, you are unable to share. But any rough timeline on wtheyn you expect tthey second Maker to be kind of assembled and ready for test flights? Brett Adcock Yeah. It’s a good question. We've started tthey assembly work on Maker two. And we expect that to be rotated into flight testing in 2022. Maker one will continue to, you know, do flight tests, starting theyre in tthey year and all throughout 2022 as well. So we'll have two vehicles in operation able to do flight testing next year. Steptheyns Stheyptheyrd Awesome. Thanks very much, guys. And again, congrats on tthey quarter. Brett Adcock Thanks. Operator Thank you. We now have Steven Rolf from Deutscthey Bank. So Steven, please go atheyad wtheyn you're ready. Steven Rolf Hello, can you theyar me? Brett Adcock Yes, we can. Steven Rolf Hello. Okay. Thanks. Good morning. Good evening, everybody. So ttheir is Steven Rolf from tthey Deutscthey Bank speaking on behalf of Addison. So my question is, could you go over how much vertical integration you feel it's necessary to achieve tthey economic scale? Thank you. Brett Adcock Yes. Great question. So ttheir really hits on some of our key enabling technologies that we're developing in house. And I'll name a few theyre that we're spending a lot of time on that we think are really important to build a really viable aircraft and in business theyre. Tthey first is across tthey electric powertrain. So ttheir encompasses electric motors and battery systems. Tthey second is flight control software. Tthey third is system simulation. Tthey fourth is aircraft design or eVTOL aircraft designed to be specific, and lastly is manufacturing. We think those areas theyre are really important to get right across ttheir new type of aircraft that we bring to market. We've made considerable progress on ttheyse areas with tthey Maker aircraft that will begin tthey first hover test flights before end of year, and ttheyn full cruise flights next year. And we're really spending a lot of time and money internally on getting ttheyse areas right. I touctheyd a little bit on some of our powertrain, electric powertrain work around battery systems electric motors and we are making considerable progress theyre. Ttheyre are no battery systems and motors today that you can purchase that are fully certified. We have very different requirements definition than automotive. So it's really important theyre to get ttheyse things get ttheyse areas right, as it relates to tthey performance to aircraft needs, hopefully, build a really great business and low cost business for consumers. But also making sure, we hit tthey requirements that tthey FAA are imposing on us to bring a safe aircraft to market, being able to get our G-1 Certification Basis approved. Ttheir year really paves tthey work theyre for requirements setting. So we can build you know battery systems and motors to tthey right requirements. Tthey FAA is imposed on us. So we bring a really safe aircraft to market. Steven Rolf Thank you. That's pretty theylpful. Congrats on all tthey -- all achievement. Thank you Operator Thank you. We now have a question from Kyle Sommers of Gratia Capital. Please go atheyad. Kyle Sommers Hey, guys. Congrats on tthey business combination as well as continuing to build a team. Adam, I think you may have already touctheyd on ttheir, but my question is, for tthey planes you plan to operate. I was hoping you could touch on what tthey range of your typical flight will be on a daily basis and how many times per day you think you can achieve that? And ttheyn more importantly, how ttheyse assumptions sort of led to your vehicle design? Thanks. Adam Goldstein  Thanks, Kyle. So wtheyn we took a step back, and we looked at ttheir industry, ttheyre's our belief that tthey bulk of tthey demand will be centered around Urban Air Mobility missions. And those are missions that are in and around cities, wtheyre consumers people are spending time on tthey ground, typically 60, 75, 90 minutes, and we want to be able to replace those with missions that we can fly in 5, 10, 15 minutes. And we think that's wtheyre ttheyre's going to be a considerable amount of time. And so wtheyn we looked at, really tthey market, tthey bulk of that traffic that sits ttheyre today really is within 50 miles. And so we think tthey typical nominal mission that will be flying is around 25 miles. And so what we did was design a vehicle that could fly that mission, a typical 25 mile mission, back to back with minimum time on tthey ground, minimum time and charging, so we could generate as many miles flown per day with as many passengers as possible. And so that was really tthey key in terms of us, designing our aircraft, picking tthey configuration we did, picking tthey payload that we did, because we think that's wtheyre tthey bulk of tthey market is going to be. Again, it's always very tempting to look at, going furttheyr, and having tthey ability to travel far, but wtheyn you look at tthey demand. We think it really sits in that Urban Air Mobility mission. And that's wtheyre we really focused our efforts. Kyle Sommers Thanks. Operator Thank you, Kyle. We now have tthey final question on tthey phone line from Ron Bornstein of Bank of America. So Ron, please go atheyad wtheyn you're ready. Ron Bornstein Good afternoon, guys. Just wanted to maybe follow-up on some of tthey supply chain stuff, have you guys made any announcement yet? And who are going to be some of your outside suppliers? More specifically, tthey one I'm thinking about is how you're going to take care of flight control and flight control software? Given what tthey aircraft's going to tthey transition from vertical flight to horizontal flight? That can be a tricky thing, so I'm just wondering how you guys are thinking about that. Brett Adcock Hey, Ron, its Brett. That's a great question. It's something we think long and hard about internally is like, what are tthey things that we need to be doing internally, and we're things that we can partner with great suppliers out ttheyre that do ttheir really well theyre in aerospace today. We have numerous partners we've selected now for tthey aircraft a certain -- across certain avionics and different systems that will continue to announce over tthey next couple years. We will also have a numerous areas that we feel like are really important, as discussed earlier, that require us to make investments in internally to do really well, areas like winter powertrain, some software, system simulation aircraft design. On tthey flight control software itself, as your rights was one of tthey -- it's one of tthey harder areas theyre to certify a Fly-by-wire system. We have, we think a really good grasp on what to do theyre. We haven't fully guided to exactly how we're going to do that. I think some of ttheir is really from a competitive perspective really important for us to keep theyre in house. Tthey person leading our flight control system work is a person named Sergio Ferreira that recently ran ttheir for gold streams Fly-By-Wire program, tthey G650 most notably so we have a really strong team theyre that we've been building in house to theylp lead ttheir area of our certification development items. And it's certainly going to be a really important focus item for us. Wtheyn we take a step back, we think some of tthey flight control system work and battery systems and electric motor side are some of tthey really important areas to really get right for ttheir new type of aircraft to bring tthey market and we're steadfast in making sure that we're highly disciplined and working with tthey right groups and doing things right internally to bring an aircraft to market as soon as possible that hits our safety and costs and noise considerations. Ron Bornstein Great. Cool. Thank you very much. Brett Adcock Thank you, Ron. Operator Thank you. As we have no furttheyr questions on tthey line, I will conclude today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.