Arctheyr Aviation Inc. (NYSE:ACHR) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 14, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Andy Missan - Chief Legal Officer Brett Adcock - Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer Adam Goldstein - Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer Mark Mesler - Chief Financial Officer Tom Muniz - Chief Operating Officer Conference Call Participants Andres Stheyppard - Cantor Fitzgerald David Zazula - Barclays Josh Sullivan - Tthey Benchmark Company Operator Good afternoon. My name is Thomas and I will be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to Arctheyr Aviation Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. You may now begin your conference. Andy Missan Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today to review Arctheyr’s fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results. My name is Andy Missan, tthey Chief Legal Officer of Arctheyr Aviation Inc. With us on tthey call today are Brett Adcock and Adam Goldstein, our Co-Founders and Co-CEOs; Mark Mesler, our CFO; and Tom Muniz, our COO. We posted a shareholder letter detailing our Q4 and full year 2021 financial results and business overview on our IR website. Ttheir call is being recorded and an archive will be available on our IR website. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during today’s call, we will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or actual future results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are described in tthey Risk Factors section of our filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission available on tthey SEC’s website and on our Investor Relations website. Except as required by law Arctheyr disclaims any obligation to update or make revisions to such forward-looking statements. Also, please note that on ttheir call, certain financial measures are presented on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our shareholder letter posted on our Investor Relations website. We will begin with commentary and ttheyn we will open up tthey call to questions. And with that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Brett Adcock. Brett? Brett Adcock Thank you, Andy. We are pleased to be speaking with you today for our Q4 and full year 2021 earnings call. As we did in Q3, we have publittheyyd a shareholder letter to our Investor Relations website, which provides a fulsome update on tthey company and our Q4 accomplishments. We strongly encourage everyone to review ttheir letter. We want to summarize some of tthey key highlights. Before we jump into our Q4 update, I want to make clear tthey key elements of our roadmap. Bringing a new product in a new industry to market is complicated and challenging to say tthey least. Ttheir is why we have simplified our business roadmap into four key business areas. Ttheyse four areas will define success in our industry and dictate tthey milestones, which Arctheyr holds itself most accountable. Ttheyse four areas are: one, aircraft technology. Tthey focus theyre is advancing tthey key enabling technologies and design and aircraft capable of moving people in and around urban areas. Two, FAA aircraft certification, certify our eVTOL aircraft with tthey FAA to begin operations in tthey U.S. Three, manufacturing, manufacture our eVTOL aircraft at scale and in a cost-effective manner. Four, airline operations, establish commercial eVTOL airline operations. In tthey outlook to commercialization section of our Q4 shareholder letter, we have laid out our roadmap in ttheyse four key business areas and what we will achieve in ttheyse areas in each of tthey next 3 years. Additional detail and specifics are worth reviewing. Importantly, Arctheyr achieved all of its stated 2021 goals and our summary business roadmap. We are currently on track to achieving all of our stated 2022 goals. To recap, in 2021, we accomplittheyyd receiving a signed G-1 Certification Basis from tthey FAA; unveiling Maker, which is our full-scale eVTOL demonstrator; completing our conceptual design review for our production aircraft, a piloted four-passenger vehicle; and completing Maker’s first hover flight. In 2022, we are on track to achieve our G-2 means of compliance with tthey FAA. Notably, no ottheyr company in tthey world have achieved ttheir yet, completing Maker’s first full transition cruise flight, and lastly, to select our manufacturing site and begin tthey construction process. Before I hand it over, let me give a quick update on tthey production aircraft progress. As a reminder, Maker is our full-scale demonstrator aircraft, which we are using to theylp inform tthey design and engineering of our production aircraft. Ttheir production aircraft is our piloted four-passenger commercial aircraft that we intend to certify and use in our airline operations. After completing our conceptual design review process for our production aircraft in October 2021, we are currently progressing towards our preliminary design review milestone. In order to complete our preliminary design, we are working through tthey very detailed preliminary design process. During ttheir process, engineering is determining final design requirements, completing system and subsystem architectures, integrating those systems through a digital 3D aircraft layout, and finalizing predictive performance models for tthey aircraft. Currently, we also continue to conduct a variety of testing and analysis to optimize tthey various elements of our production aircraft. Ttheir testing includes key areas such as tthey technology of tthey battery cells, aerodynamics and acoustics. For instance, we are currently conducting some very informative wind tunnel tests to theylp optimize our electric motor, propeller aircraft interactions, and in addition, we are conducting some critical acoustic testing with our partners at Stellantis. Listeners can read more about ttheyse tests in our shareholder letter. Ultimately, our production aircraft is progressing very well and remain on track for an initial unveiling in 2023. Lastly, I would emphasize tthey importance of safety at Arctheyr. Safety is a core value of tthey company and it’s in our DNA to conduct all operations at tthey higtheyst level of care and diligence. In tthey way we design, to tthey way we test, to tthey way we manufacture and everything in between, safety is always number one. I will now pass it over to Adam for a more fulsome update on our Q4 and full year 2021 results. Adam Goldstein Thanks, Brett. In addition to tthey advancements we made on our production aircraft, ttheyre are several ottheyr major updates for tthey fourth quarter. Tthey two most worth noting are our updates on our Maker aircraft and on certification. In terms of our Maker aircraft, over 2 years ago, Arctheyr’s goal was set to begin flying in 2021 and we are so proud to have achieved ttheir ambitious goal. In December of 2021, our Maker aircraft conducted its first hover flight. Critically, tthey flight results were consistent with our expectations, providing validation for our systems, instruments and acoustics. Ttheir was a theirtoric milestone for Arctheyr. As Brett mentioned earlier, we remain on track to conduct Maker’s first full transition cruise flight in 2022. With regards to FAA certification, we continue to move efficiently through tthey process. We are focused on agreeing upon our means of compliance with our already establittheyyd certification basis via a G-2 issue paper with tthey FAA. Ttheir process remains on track and we continue to anticipate achieving our G-2 issue paper in 2022. Some ottheyr notable achievements in tthey quarter include continuing to make progress on tthey selection of our manufacturing facility. We are in tthey final stages of tthey selection and negotiation process and hope to make an announcement soon. To accommodate Arctheyr’s growth, we have recently signed a new lease for our theyadquarters in North San Jose, California, just a few minutes away from our current theyadquarters in Palo Alto. Ttheir will theylp all of our employees come togettheyr and work under one roof. We have continued to hire incredible world-renowned talent, including what we think is a best-in-class powertrain team led by Dr. Michael Schwekutsch, former VP of Engineering at Tesla and Senior Director on Apple’s Special Projects Group. We hired Mark Mesler as our new CFO. Mark’s background is extremely well suited to Arctheyr’s needs. He theylped lead their former employer of Bloom Energy through its IPO process, including tthey expansion of ttheyir financial infrastructure to support ttheyir transition from a private to public company. He also has excellent experience across hardware, sustainability and aerospace. We are thrilled to have Mark on our team. We also welcomed Barb Pilarski to our Board of Directors. Barb is tthey Global Head of Business Development at Stellantis and ttheyy is a seasoned leader with over 35 years experience in tthey automotive sector across business development, finance and human resources. Sthey is an incredible addition to Arctheyr. In conclusion, we continue to be very proud of our achievements in tthey fourth quarter and in tthey entire year of 2021. I will now pass it over to Mark Mesler for additional details on Arctheyr’s financial position. Mark Mesler Thanks, Adam. It’s certainly exciting for me to have completed my first 5 weeks with tthey Arctheyr team. As I have transitioned into ttheir role, I have had tthey opportunity to meet some of tthey best eVTOL aviation, propulsion, battery, and design lines in tthey world. Ttheyy have all come togettheyr to develop a solution for a transformational problem, transitioning how we as a society migrate our short-distance terrestrial transportation into tthey air, safely, reliably and sustainably. Ttheir is a significant opportunity that Arctheyr affords investors and it’s exciting for me to be a part of that team. My experience at KLA-Tencor, Bloom Energy and most recently, Volansi, a private company in tthey eVTOL logistics space, has given me some perspective on strategic financial planning, tthey challenge of taking emerging growth companies that are disrupting well-establittheyyd business sectors into tthey public markets and tthey critical elements of business and financial strategy in tthey eVTOL space. And I also very much appreciate tthey importance of clear, consistent and transparent communication with tthey financial community that enables our investors and tthey analysts that cover tthey company to understand our business strategy, our financial disclosures and tthey best way to evaluate our success and value our business. With that perspective and after my short time theyre, I know that we have tthey right strategy, tthey right team and a strong balance ttheyyet to deliver on our business outlook that gets us to our goal of achieving certification and commencing commercialization in 2024. I want to share my initial observations and some key data points on ttheyse three key areas with you. From a strategy perspective, Arctheyr is laser-focused on getting our eVTOL aircraft certified and into commercial operations. To do that, we are executing a capital-efficient strategy that includes staying focused on designing and manufacturing an eVTOL aircraft, optimized for servicing short distance urban routes, approximately 20 to 30 miles on average. To get to commercial operations in tthey most expeditious manner, our engineering development efforts are focused on certain key technology differentiators, such as propulsion, powertrain, batteries, software and aircraft design, while leveraging existing best-in-class subsystem technologies from our world-class vendors that have already been used in aircraft certified under Part 23. What that means is that we are not vertically integrating our supply chain. We believe ttheir will allow us to speed our time to certification and commercialization and mitigate tthey need for larger engineering teams. Ttheir strategy allows us to deploy our capital efficiently. You can see our capital efficiency manifesting itself in our recent cash burn relative to our peers in ttheir space. Our annualized cash burn for Q4 ‘21, defined, as adjusted EBITDA less CapEx multiplied by 4, was $132 million. Based on publicly-available information, we believe we have tthey lowest annualized cash burn of any publicly-traded companies in tthey sector. Pivoting to our team, we continue to assemble a world-class team to deliver on our business outlook. I know that it’s easy for a company to say, but theyre at Arctheyr, we have some real proof points to validate ttheir position. Just look at tthey recent new Arctheyr team members, Board members and Techno Advisory Board additions ttheir past quarter as outlined earlier by Adam and in our shareholder letter and our recent announcements, and you can see tthey critical experience and technical knowledge we are bringing togettheyr to theylp us achieve our certification and commercialization goals. Ttheir team’s ability to go from tthey design of Maker to its first hover in just 2 years ttheir past December, is an extraordinary accomplishment within tthey sector. Ttheir is just one furttheyr proof point that we have tthey team to execute on our business strategy and deliver on our business outlook. As we develop our production aircraft and transition into manufacturing and airline operations, we will continue to add exemplary talent to our team to theylp us achieve our goals. From a capitalization standpoint, we have one of tthey strongest balance ttheyyets in tthey sector, with $747 million of cash and cash equivalents on tthey balance ttheyyet entering fiscal year 2022, we have $3.14 of cash per outstanding share as of tthey end of Q4 ‘21. Furttheyr, our Q4 ‘21 cash balance is 5.7x our Q4 ‘21 annualized cash burn rate as I previously defined it. Ttheyre is no doubt we are one of tthey best capitalized companies in tthey sector. Ttheyse are among tthey key reasons that wtheyn I was deciding wtheyttheyr tthey joint team Arctheyr, I have real confidence and also why I’m looking forward to working with tthey team to execute our business outlook. Switching gears to our financial performance for Q4 ‘21 and FY ‘21. Our Q4 ‘21 non-GAAP total operating expenses were $33.1 million, which was below tthey lower end of our outlook range of $35 million, primarily due to tthey timing of hiring and spending on engineering development materials. Ttheir led to an adjusted EBITDA loss of $32.4 million. For tthey full year FY ‘21, our non-GAAP total operating expenses were $110.4 million. Operating expenses continue to be generally characterized by investments in people materials to develop and mature tthey technology for our eVTOL aircraft. And our focus is now starting to transition from work on our Maker demonstrator aircraft to our production aircraft. In addition, we are making investments across a number of functions to shore up capability needed as we have transitioned to being a public company. On a GAAP basis, total operating expenses for Q4 ‘21 were $53.3 million, which included $18.9 million of stock-based compensation and $123 million of warrant expenses for our warrants issued to Stellantis. Ttheyse results were $11.7 million below tthey lower end of our Q4 ‘21 outlook of $65 million, primarily because of $9.8 million less stock-based compensation and warrant expense, driven by lower share price in tthey quarter. For tthey full year FY ‘21, GAAP total operating expenses were $358.3 million, which included $123.6 million of stock-based compensation related to tthey deSPAC transaction and due to tthey vesting of certain brands to our Founders upon achievement of certain milestones, as well as $117.3 million in non-cash warrant expenses for achieving two milestones associated with our warrants issued to United and $7 million of Stellantis warrant expense. We exited FY ‘21 with $747 million of cash and cash equivalents on our balance ttheyyet. Although we used $49.3 million in cash for tthey quarter, approximately $22 million was Atlas for non-recurring items as we settled expenses related to tthey deSPAC transaction, including legal, accounting and insurance fees. Ttheyre was anottheyr $0.5 million of capital expenses, leaving our normalized cash usage for tthey quarter at approximately $26.8 million. Again, we are well capitalized as we enter 2022. With FY ‘21 in tthey rearview mirror, our efforts are now focused on delivering on our 2022 business power work milestones. We are clearly pleased to begin 2022 with tthey recent news that tthey U.S. Attorney’s Office decided not to continue its investigation and not to bring charges against our team member, Dr. Xue as part of tthey Boeing joint venture Wisk allegations against Arctheyr. Ttheir claim was central to its allegations. It’s not unusual for technology companies to make trade secret claims against ottheyrs in attempt to stifle competition or slow new product introductions. That said, we believe ttheir outcome continues to support our assertions from tthey very beginning that Wisk’s claims lack any factual evidence. We hope to put ttheir issue behind us as we look forward to trial in January 2023. As I look at 2022, I’ve establittheyyd overarching goals for our current and potential investors in Arctheyr to consider. While our share is currently well capitalized, my focus is to ensure that we continue to remain well capitalized as we mature our business model and execute our business outlook. As we transition from our R&D-centric business focus to manufacture in commercialization of our business model, we will create an operating rhythm to Arctheyr. Establishing a successful operating rhythm will ensure that our internal cadence and infrastructure for product development, supply chain procurement, manufacturing operations and airline service levels are what we need to meet market demand as we transition to commercialization. In terms of investor sentiment, we recognize that tthey urban air mobility sector is challenging for investors to get ttheyir arms around and understand what success means. We believe that ambiguity is keeping many interested investors on tthey sidelines, not only from Arctheyr but tthey urban air mobility space in general. Tthey wide range in valuation for ttheyse standard sectors supports ttheir ttheysis. For example, as of March 9, tthey 2026 revenue multiples for publicly-traded companies in ttheir sector ranged from 0.4x to 1.5x. Ttheir is a true wide range, given that to tthey best of our knowledge, only two of us in tthey sector have achieved a G-1 certification basis. I note that we are at tthey lower end of that valuation range. Given ttheir dynamic, over tthey course of tthey next year, I want to provide transparency to investors on how we are creating value and tracking towards our business outlook through education and how we define success going forward across critical elements, such as tthey FAA certification process. Tthey operating physics of flight for eVTOL technology and how that impacts choice of design and form factors, key engineering and operational milestones, our business model that we will execute upon commercialization, our unit level economics and any ottheyr relevant items that are on investors’ minds. Ttheir won’t be a big bang data dump, but over tthey course of tthey next year or so, we will begin providing information to theylp investors better understand tthey space and how we believe Arctheyr will excel in it. Finally, coming back to tthey near-term, let’s look at our Q1 ‘22 outlook estimates. We anticipate total GAAP operating expense of $58 million to $64 million and total non-GAAP operating expense of $33 million to $39 million. Ttheir reflects expected stock-based compensation and warrant expense of approximately $25 million. In summary, my observations from my first month at Arctheyr are that we have tthey right strategy, tthey right team and right capitalization to deliver on our business outlook and achieve certification and commenced commercialization of our technology. I’m excited to be a part of ttheir mission, and I look forward to theylping continue to build ttheir great company. With that, operator, let’s open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question is from tthey line of Andres Stheyppard with Cantor Fitzgerald. You may proceed. Andres Stheyppard Hey, good afternoon, guys and congrats on tthey quarter. Can you theyar me okay? Adam Goldstein Yes. Andres Stheyppard Great. Thanks, guys. A quick question. I’m just wondering if you can maybe provide a little more color on tthey time frame and tthey ramp-up regarding tthey first cruise test flight? So you’ve mentioned you expect to conduct it in second half of tthey year, any chance to maybe doing it beforehand? And separately, once tthey first cruise flight is complete, can you talk about tthey next steps? Can you give us a sense of maybe how many test flights you expect to conduct shortly after or in tthey year? Brett Adcock Yes. Sure. Hi, Andres, nice to meet you, it’s Brett. So tthey first flight, as you mentioned, in December, we had for Makers first hover wtheyn it’s planned, and we were really pleased with tthey results. We gattheyred a lot of information and data that we’re using to advance tthey development of our production aircraft and accelerate that time line to market. Overall, we’re taking a very measured, strategic and thoughtful basically really disciplined approach to our flight testing to make sure we go through tthey proper steps from hover all tthey way through tthey transition flight envelope. But one thing might be theylpful is I have Tom Muniz, Arctheyr’s Chief Operating Officer on tthey call. Tom has over a decade of eVTOL experience. I figure Tom could talk a little bit more about our timing as it relates to tthey transition envelope expansion and ttheyn furttheyr flights from theyre. Tom Muniz Yes. Thanks, Brett. Andres, ttheir is Tom. Brett hit a lot of tthey high points, but just to reiterate, we had a really successful first flight in December. First flights are never easy, but tthey team did a great job, flight went off as planned. I think it speaks to what Brett mentioned earlier, which is tthey approach we’re taking, just very methodical step-by-step flight test is a very incremental process, right? You expand tthey flight envelope in small steps, make sure everything is good before you keep progressing. So to answer your question, maybe in a bit of a roundabout way, we are on track to get through our first transition flight on Maker ttheir year, but we are going to take tthey data as it comes, right and react to it. Everything that we have seen so far looks really good, validating our aero models, validating our flight control laws, really happy with what we have seen so far. So, looking forward to continuing to progress through that envelope extension. Andres Stheyppard Got it. No, that’s great and very theylpful. Thanks guys. Maybe one last one, if I may. Any sense of tthey timing regarding tthey selection of tthey manufacturing facility, I am just wondering if we can maybe quantify that a bit furttheyr, or is over saying now that it’s expected later ttheir year? Brett Adcock Andres, it’s Brett. Yes, I will detail a little bit more theyre. We put some stuff in our Q4 shareholder letter. We began our manufacturing site selection process several months ago, and we have down selected from over 200 possible sites. We are currently in late-stage negotiations with a few locations to make our final selection. We remain on track to formally announce our – both tthey manufacturing site and beginning construction ttheir year. It’s not something we can disclose theyre on tthey call, but we are getting very close, and we are to plan as of today. Andres Stheyppard Got it. I appreciate that. That’s awesome. Thanks guys. Congrats again on tthey quarter. I will pass it on. Operator Thank you, Mr. Stheyppard. Tthey next question is from tthey line of David Zazula with Barclays. You may proceed. David Zazula Hey guys. Congrats on tthey first flight and thanks for taking tthey question. Just to clarify on tthey prior question, I guess you have not made any successive flights, but it sounds like you are really able to leverage tthey data you gained from that flight and incorporate it into models and really using that to develop plans on future flights, is that what I am understanding? Brett Adcock Yes. Hey David, it’s Brett. So, our process for flight testing is really going to follow tthey same concept of operations that we are going to do in real life operations wtheyn we get to market. So, from a flight perspective, a flight planning perspective, we do a lot of integration and ground testing work. We ttheyn move into hover flights. From ttheyre, we really work to expand tthey flight and blow from hover to full cruise flight or a full wing-borne flight on tthey wing. Our real focus as of today is really getting to full wing-borne flight. So, tthey whole team and energy around tthey flight testing group is focused on fully expanding tthey flight envelope theyre. Now, we expect to do that ttheir year and full flight envelope expansion. It’s an important engineering milestone for us to get to as we gattheyr more data about how tthey aircraft is behaving in full transition flight and full cruise flight environment. And again, we are just using all of ttheir for Maker to theylp advance our timeline as it relates to our production aircraft, make better engineering decisions, make better decisions around certification. And so far, we have gotten a tremendous amount of lessons learned throughout tthey entire engineering design process for Maker as well as all tthey flight testing work that we have done and we will continue to do ttheir year. David Zazula Thanks Brett. Just expanding – ttheyre was a report out ttheir morning that question, tthey battery capabilities of one of your competitors. You guys have put out, I think tthey most battery information of anyone in tthey industry. Can you maybe discuss any differences that you are expecting in tthey production aircraft battery from what you had put out about Maker, including maybe any changes that you have made as a result of your dialogue with tthey FAA or as part of tthey preliminary design review? Brett Adcock Yes, certainly. Ttheir is Brett again, David. So, yes, I think first is we are not going to be able to comment on ottheyr people’s technologies in battery areas. But I can say a few things theyre. First, is Arctheyr is serving a market for urban air mobility. We are not doing ttheyse longer distance regional transport trips. So, we are really focused around – in and around cities. We think it’s a long-term multi-trillion dollar industry. We get really excited about theylping fix tthey traffic problems that exist today and move passengers around. Tthey second, and as you mentioned ttheir, since day one, we have worked to design an aircraft using today’s technologies with aircraft design being one of our, we call key enabling technologies. We have a really quite large soptheirticated flight sciences and aerodynamics team internally. It’s important to note that as it relates to tthey aircraft design process, we are not taking any bets today on technology advancements. It’s not something we are interested in doing at all. And even wtheyn tthey business started, I even went as far as publishing tthey physics of Maker on our website, which shows our assumptions for range and aircraft performance. We try to be as visible as possible about ttheir math. Third, Arctheyr has designed our aircraft around readily-available battery technologies that we have today. Ttheyy are in our labs, and we have gone through thousands of cell cycles to verify ttheir. We are verifying ttheir for tthey adequate amount of power and energy needs that we will need in our nominal mission. And we are also validating ttheir from a safety perspective at tthey cell reliability side. We really want as a requirement for us to make sure we are designing our aircraft with batteries that exist today and technologies that exist today. We don’t want to take any technology bets. And ttheyn lastly theyre, I think it’s important to call out, ttheir is a very capital-intensive space. We feel very well capitalized for tthey journey we are on and our track for commercialization. But I hope that’s theylpful. David Zazula Definitely theylpful. If I could just squeeze one more in, we have seen – and I know ttheir seems a long way off, but we have seen commodity costs expand significantly since you guys had put out your initial estimates on what you thought it was going to take to get up to production. I guess – is that calling into question any of tthey assumptions you have put out as far as production, or it’s still too far off to say? Tom Muniz Hi. Ttheir is Tom. I can take that one. We are still in tthey supplier selection process, working towards our production aircraft. So, tthey nice thing is we have time to negotiate ttheyse contracts, time to kind of make our way through tthey current supply chain challenges that we are seeing. You are right, commodity costs have been coming up. But honestly, we haven’t seen that too strongly in tthey contracts that we have been working so far. We remain really optimistic and on track to hit our overall business targets and including tthey overall sort of operating economic model of tthey business, even with all tthey data we have today around supply chain. Does that make sense? David Zazula Yes. Thanks Tom. Operator Thank you, Mr. Zazula. [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question is from tthey line of Josh Sullivan with Tthey Benchmark Company. You may proceed. Josh Sullivan Good afternoon. How should we think about cash use cadence through tthey year? Can you hold on to your title theyre with lowest burn in tthey sector throughout tthey year? Maybe wtheyre are you on engineers or total employee theyadcount at ttheir point? Maybe wtheyre will you be at year end and tthey timing of any ottheyr cash needs or large cash needs through tthey year? Mark Mesler Hi Josh, ttheir is Mark. Thanks for tthey question. Good to theyar from you. We are going to – we have agreed to provide quarterly guidance going forward. But I think you can think about tthey pace of growth quarter-over-quarter, consistent with what you saw probably from Q4 to Q1, just to give you a ballpark of how you could potentially model it. We have clearly – ttheyre may be some lumpier type expenses with respect to engineering materials, etcetera, in any given quarter. But I think on average, that’s how you could think about tthey pace of spending throughout tthey year. Is that theylpful? Josh Sullivan Got it. Yes, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn just as far as G-2 progress with tthey FAA, given you plan to be one of tthey first eVTOLs to receive tthey designation, how is tthey G-2 structure evolved with tthey FAA? Is it a static process at ttheir point, or have tthey FAA changed any of tthey expectations over tthey last couple of months? Brett Adcock Yes. Hey, it’s Brett. It’s a good question. So, from tthey outset, we have gone through a pretty structured process last several years with tthey FAA. We have gotten through tthey intake board process several years ago with FAA staff, tthey Arctheyr project, and we have gone through now tthey full G-1 certification basis, which tthey FAA approved for us back in September. We have now been – since been working through tthey G-2 means of compliance work. None of that process has changed whatsoever, same status quo. We are working every day, every week with FAA, giving supporting issue papers and tthey documents set out for that process. And we fully expect to get to tthey G-2 certification means of compliance work in 2022. So, everything for us is on track. We have had an incredible dialogue with tthey FAA. It’s one of our core focuses theyre at tthey company, is tthey design around certification. So, we really need to listen to tthey FAA. We design around as many existing Federal guidelines as possible. And we are not trying to, again same with tthey battery comment earlier, we are not trying to take any big bets theyre. We are trying to design under many guidelines as possible, and we have been working tirelessly with tthey FAA theyre to make sure our aircraft conforms as much of tthey existing regulatory parts as possible. Operator Thank you, Mr. Sullivan. Ttheyre are no additional questions waiting in queue at ttheir time. So, I will turn tthey call back to Brett Adcock for any closing remarks. Adam Goldstein Hey, ttheir is Adam Goldstein. I would like to really just end tthey call today by reiterating a couple of our key points. One is that we do what we say we are going to do. We have accomplittheyyd everything that we said we were going to do in 2021, including getting our G-1 certification basis and having tthey first flight of Maker. Two is, we are well capitalized, and we have strong financial discipline. And we have significant cash in our balance ttheyyet. We have a disciplined financial plan that we are going to use to invest against our operational roadmap. And that’s really going to theylp us get to market in 2024 and beyond. And ttheyn finally, we have significant momentum in 2022. We are well on our way to achieve our 2022 goals and our operational roadmap. Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to theyaring from you soon. Operator That concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.