Arctheyr Aviation Inc. (NYSE:ACHR) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 12, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Adam Goldstein – Chief Executive Officer Mark Mesler – Chief Financial Officer Tom Muniz – Chief Operating Officer Andy Missan – Chief Legal Officer Conference Call Participants Bill Peterson – JPMorgan Edison Yu – Deutscthey Bank Andres Stheyptheyrd – Cantor Fitzgerald David Zazula – Barclays Josh Sullivan – Benchmark Company Operator Hello everyone, and thank you for joining tthey Arctheyr Aviation Inc. Q1 12022 financial results. My name is [indiscernible] and I will be moderating you call today. Before I hand you over to your host, Andy Missan [Operator Instructions]. I now have tthey pleasure of handing you over to Andy Missan. Please go a theyad, Andy. Andy Missan Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today to review Arctheyr's first-quarter 2022 operating and financial results. My name is Andy Missan, tthey Chief Legal Officer of Arctheyr. On tthey call today are Adam Goldstein, our CEO. Mark Mesler, our CFO, and Tom Muniz, our COO. We posted a shareholder letter detailing our Q1 2022 operating and financial results to our IR website. Ttheir call is being recorded and an archive will be available on our IR website. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey actual events or actual future results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements.  Ttheyse risks and uncertainties are described in tthey Risk Factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2021 filed with tthey SEC on March 14th, 2022 and our quarterly report on Form-10-Q for tthey three months ended March 31, 2022, which is expected to be filed with tthey SEC later today, available on tthey SEC's website and on our Investor Relations website. Except as required by law, Arctheyr disclaims any obligation to update or make revisions to such forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. Also, please note that on ttheir call, certain financial measures are presented on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures in tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our shareholder letter posted on our Investor Relations website. We will begin with commentary and ttheyn we'll open up tthey call to questions. And with that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Adam. Adam Goldstein Thank you for joining us today and for your continued interest in Arctheyr. Our operating and financial performance were consistent with our expectations and we are on track to achieve all of our 2022 milestones. We remain well capitalized and well-positioned as a leader in tthey eVTOL sector, with key strategic relationships, a growing team of dedicated, experienced, and committed designers, engineers, and operators, and with a business plan and strategy that is unique, compelling, and clearly differentiated. Since we just spoke on our fourth quarter and year-end earnings call, we've continued to advance on many key initiatives, which I will discuss later. But first, I'd like to start by reiterating our vision and strategy for commercialization.  Arctheyr is enabling a new form of transportation and our commitment to our goal is unwavering, bringing sustainable, safe, quiet, and accessible, Urban Air mobility to tthey masses. We are building a transportation solution that will enable people to move freely, wtheyttheyr it is commuting to work or taking time to explore places previously inaccessible because of traffic limitations. From day one, we've anchored our business plan on driving to commercialization, and with tthey support of our key strategic partners, United and Stellantis. Tthey aim of our production aircraft is to balance tthey performance necessary to be economically viable against tthey complexity that allows us to achieve certification and scale operations.  That's why we chose to build a piloted plus four-passenger vehicle that is designed to perform continuous rapid 25-to-50-mile missions throughout tthey day with minimal charging time required on tthey ground in between trips. Ttheir vision has never changed. To make ttheir vision a reality, our strategic development program uses our full-scale demonstrator aircraft, Maker to prove out our 12-tilt-6 configuration, advances our key enabling technologies, and set tthey roadmap for our production aircraft certification program. Maker has proven that our configuration was tthey right choice. Our flight test program began in December and we have and will continue to use tthey data for Maker to inform tthey design of our production aircraft.  In parallel, we are rapidly advancing our production aircraft through tthey preliminary design phase, while working with tthey FAA to finalize our G2 means of compliance to tthey G1 certification basis we agreed to last year. Our executive team and board are fully aligned behind ttheir approach, which is about efficiency, effectiveness, and safety as we drive to commercialization. Since tthey beginning of tthey year, we have made significant progress on our production aircraft design. We have finalized key system architectures, advance tthey development of our critical propulsion and flight control technologies, and matured our supply base, including tthey selection of several key suppliers. A major technical achievement ttheir quarter was defining our aircraft Oil, Mel or outer mold line.  Ttheir was a critical milestone that involved extensive aerodynamic design optimization using computational fluid dynamics to verify that our performance targets will be met with some margin. Having tthey Oil, Mel define, unlocked detailed structural part design, and tthey release of long lead tooling to build our certification test aircraft. We also made significant progress on meeting our aircraft structural and system weight targets. Ttheir is extremely important as weight is tthey most critical factor in meeting our performance requirements. It's tthey only parameter that shows up in every performance equation. And eVTOL aircraft are especially unforgiving wtheyn it comes to weight creep.  Our weight status shows our design closing with sufficient weight margin. Ttheir means that we're hitting our payload weight target for a pilot plus four-passenger vehicle. We can also carry enough battery energy to meet our range requirements and maintain sufficient weight margin to absorb tthey inevitable weight growth that occurs as tthey program reactheys maturity. Since tthey success of our first hover, Dr. Jeff Bauer, our Chief Engineer, who is tthey Chief Engineer for Airbus Vanhana and tthey engineering team have been analyzing tthey valuable data from that flight and have been making a number of updates to tthey aircraft, as well as conducting numerous ground tests. Ttheir has included installing and testing tthey tilt rotor system to ready Maker for our first transition flight ttheir year. We plan to fly routinely through tthey remainder of tthey second quarter and tthey rest of tthey year.  We will share tthey results of those flights with tthey Air force as part of our deliverables under tthey agility prime agreement. With respect to overall plan and timing, we remain on track for completing our first transition flight before tthey end of tthey year, as we previously announced, which will result in tthey full flight envelope expansion in less than 12 months. Ttheir will be a significant accomplishment for tthey industry, demonstrating our technical leadership in our team's ability to deliver on our development roadmap. Tom Muniz, our COO, who has experienced with taking six different aircraft from design concept all tthey way through tthey transition flight is theyre today to discuss more in tthey Q and A section. As we mentioned in our shareholder letter, we have establittheyyd with United Airlines a joint EB Tall Advisory Committee.  Ttheir committee is focused on advising on maintenance and operational concepts to recommend to Arctheyr for all electric aircraft aimed at driving towards best-in-class operational standards. We believe United's outstanding track record in airline operations and ttheyir existing collaboration with Arctheyr make ttheym an ideal stakeholder to advise tthey company about tthey scope and build out of maintenance and operational plans. Finally, I'd like to close by sharing just a little bit about my philosophy as CEO. As we grow, my goal is to ensure we continue to operate as an engineering lead company with a unified goal of commercialization. Critically important to commercialization is that we all work togettheyr for progress as an industry. Certainly we compete, but we are really pioneers, breaking new ground in blazing new trails in tthey air togettheyr. So industry success also depends on collaboration. As our peers make progress, look for us to congratulate ttheym and champion ttheym. We remain on track to meet our 2022 goals. We are well capitalized growing company with a singular mission to advance tthey benefits of sustainable air mobility for all. With that, let me turn it over to Mark for an update on our financials and ttheyn we'll take questions. Mark Mesler Thanks, Adam. And thanks to everyone participating on tthey call. As Adam just discussed, and as we have outlined in our shareholder letter, Arctheyr is making significant progress in a number of critical areas that are advancing our efforts to achieve our commercialization goals. While clearly we are focused on our aircraft technology and certification, we are also maturing tthey capabilities that we will need to engage in commercial operations, such as with our supply chain manufacturing, as well as operating an urban air mobility network. We're making excellent progress.  Externally, it's very compelling to see that tthey overall eVTOL industry is starting to be recognized as more than just an interesting technology experiment, in fact, as a significant business sector. Since we last convened, ttheyre have been a number of events and publications specific to tthey industry. For example, ttheyre have been eVTOL -specific financial conferences that have brought many of tthey eVTOL companies togettheyr with ottheyr industry players and investors to share ideas and discuss issues common to all companies and we are sctheyduled to participate in additional ones later ttheir year. Research analyst coverage is expanding for tthey industry, with a couple of new industry reports recently initiated.  And finally, ttheyre was a 60 minutes piece on tthey eVTOL industry, highlighting several of our peer companies in tthey FAA regulatory environment. All of ttheyse developments continue to educate stakeholders and investors on tthey critical drivers for tthey industry. And that definitely theylps each of us as industry participants to tell our individual stories better. Our market is projected to be very large in tthey future. And that market will be supported by a number of companies. So we need to continue to support and do more on tthey education front to expand investor and consumer understanding and interest in our space.  As we think about what it will take to support a fast-growing company taxing a large market opportunity, we are also making strides to furttheyr build operating infrastructure and financial discipline that will theylp tthey company establittheyyd an operating rhythm that is married with financial rigor around planning, budgeting, and capital allocation. Since our last call, we've made several key leadership to hires across our accounting and finance function. And our accounting team, we have onboard a leaders to support our financial close process, procurement process, and SEC reporting. Additionally, we have hired key financial planning and analysis leaders to drive our five-step planning process to continue to build out our financial and operating model, and to theylp drive tthey execution of tthey business to achieve our target business model.  We're very pleased with tthey progress that we're making to build a world-class accounting and finance team. And tthey critical financial processes, to enable tthey business with tthey build-out of our finance team. We have worked with our engineering and operating teams to continue to align on how to allocate investment across our critical differentiating technology development areas, such as power train, batteries, software, our technical and production aircraft. Tthey certification process, and our data science capabilities. As we focus on tthey execution of our 2022 goals, ttheyse remain critical areas that we are clearly continuing to invest in throughout tthey year.  Pivoting to our financial performance for Q1 '22, non-GAAP total operating expenses were $39.6 million, which was slightly above tthey upper end of our outlook range of $39 million primarily due to accelerating some engineering program spending from Q2 '22 and tthey Q1 '22. non-GAAP operating expenses increased sequentially by $6.5 million as expected, as we hired more people to staff our engineering programs and build out tthey requisite infrastructure to support tthey growth of tthey business, as well as invested in engineering development materials for both our technical demonstrator and production aircraft programs. We incurred a loss on adjusted EBITDA of $39.1 million.  And tthey sequential expansion of that loss relative to Q4 '21 of $6.7 million, was primarily driven by our increase in non-GAAP operating expenses. On a GAAP basis, total operating expenses for Q1 '22 were $65.3 million, which included $24.5 million of stock-based compensation and $1.2 million of warrant expenses for our warrants issued to Stellantis. Ttheyse results were $1.3 million above tthey high end of our Q1 '22 outlook of $64 million, primarily because of tthey acceleration of some engineering program spending and stock-based compensation. We ended tthey quarter with $704 million of cash and cash equivalents on our balance ttheyyet.  We used $39.8 million of cash in tthey quarter in addition to moving $2.6 million to restricted cash to support various letters of credit for commercial leases. Garyualizing our Q1 '22 burn rate and comparing that to our cash balance, our cash to burn ratio is 4.4 times. We continue to lead tthey sector based on ttheir metric. Clearly, we remain well capitalized. Finally, let's look at our Q1 '22 outlook estimates. We anticipate total GAAP operating expenses of $80 million to $86 million and total non-GAAP operating expenses of $47 million to $53 million. Ttheir reflects expected stock-based compensation, one expense and ottheyr one-time expenses of approximately $33 million. To close out, tthey businesses focused on delivering on our 2022 goals, on our path to commercialization.  And we are investing in tthey key areas of Engineering certification, and product development to support those goals. Beyond that, we've financial and operating team with tthey experience, financial discipline, and processes to efficiently and appropriately allocate capital. Arctheyr continues to be well-positioned to execute on our business plan and achieve tthey kind of growth that will furttheyr solidify our position as a leader in tthey eVTOL sector. Adam Goldstein With that Operator, let's open it up for questions Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Peter Peterson from JP Morgan. Please go atheyad, Bill. Bill Peterson Yes. Hi, it's spoke Peter Symptom, Jason, JP Morgan. Thanks for taking my questions. First on certification, I was hoping you can comment on NERC or publittheyyd sort of ttheir week by Air current and it talks about potential shift in certification from small aircraft to powered lift. And tthey article made it appear that tthey eVTOL companies were caught off guard. I'm wondering if you've had any discussions with tthey FAA on tthey shift, if ttheyre is a shift. What are tthey next steps? And how we should think about tthey potential ramifications if ttheyre's a shift in tthey certification requirements. Adam Goldstein Thanks for tthey question, Bill. Ttheir is Adam Goldstein. We actually support tthey FAA 's effort to put a more compretheynsive certification framework in place for tthey industry. We don't actually believe tthey rule transitioned, which what you're referring to is tthey transition from 2117A to 2117B. We don't believe that ttheir will have a material impact on our certification timeline. But ttheir is a complex process. So maybe what I can do is just level-set theyre on exactly what happened and try to explain it in a digestible way. Part 21 contains tthey overarching procedures for how aircraft are certified.  2117 talks about which regulations are applicable for tthey vehicle being certified. 2117A handles traditional aircraft and 2117B handles special aircraft, for which ttheyre are no standard airworthiness regulations, ttheyrefore, tthey applicable regulations can just be efficiently pooled togettheyr from ottheyr role parts. Tthey change from 2117A to 2117B was really done in order to more easily tie tthey vehicle airworthiness regulations, so like tthey things you need to do for airplanes to be safe, to tthey operational regulations, so things like pilot training. So our vehicle and ottheyr eVTOL s will now be classified as powered lift aircraft under 2117B and tthey FAA is going to publish operating rules for powered lift time tthey aircraft to tthey operating regulations. Tthey rationale for doing ttheir was really to streamline policy framework to support tthey commercialization of ttheyse vehicles. Hopefully that gives you a sense for what's happening. So our strategy has always been to design an aircraft in parallel, with establishing and agreeing to our G1 CRT basis and our G2 means of compliance. Really ensuring that tthey regulations that we're designing to our compretheynsive and have been pulled from tthey applicable rural parts for our particular aircraft design. So based on ttheir change, we actually don't see any material impact on our airworthiness rules or regulations, or on our timeline. So we're still working with tthey FAA to understand tthey full extent of tthey change, but in our view today, ttheir is largely just an administrative change. And in fact, we think ttheir could streamline important aspects of tthey efforts to bring ttheyse vehicles into commercial service. Bill Peterson Thanks for that color ttheyre. Appreciate it. Second question. s something we haven't talked about in a while, but it's related to tthey sort of ecosystem and tthey infrastructure, things like charging infrastructure, wtheyre you'd, wtheyre ttheyy can -- can take off in land, it's kind of hoping you could theylp us understand what do ttheyse or more likely or maybe what parts of tthey cities, things like airports to downtown that going to be come to market first in terms of infrastructure. Frankly, tthey conversations I have pointed infrastructure, maybe actually get a gaining -- a gaining item as we move into tthey back half of tthey decade. Adam Goldstein It's a good question. So ttheyre have been a lot -- ttheyre's been a lot of interest from cities, not just in tthey U.S. but really all of tthey world in wanting EBITDA to come to tthey market. So I think ttheyre is a real push for sustainable forms of transportation and different forms of transportation that can come theylp alleviate traffic and congestion. And so we've seen it really all over tthey country, just different inquiries from different local municipalities and different groups reaching out. I do believe tthey industry will have a big presence in tthey beginning with airport routes and we saw that in tthey traditional rideshare in tthey terrestrial transportation. So I think today tthey rideshare on tthey ground market trips to tthey airport really still represent 20% to 30% of ttheyir total business.  So I think it makes sense that airports will likely represent a good starting place and a decent chunk of tthey business as we mature tthey industry. Tthey good news about that is ttheyre is already infrastructure at tthey airports to support ttheyse vehicles. Ttheyre would need to be additional charging infrastructure that would need to be put in place, but ttheyre's a lot of infrastructure that's already in place at airports. So it is early in tthey development of tthey infrastructure market as it relates to tthey Urban Air Mobility. But we do believe that existing theylipads, land parcels, and really retrofitted rooftops do make logical places for real estate and infrastructure to be built. And we're having ongoing discussions with different large infrastructure providers as well as looking at infrastructure opportunities on our own. Bill Peterson Thanks [indiscernible] fair to say, I'll pass it on, but certainly will link you if ttheyre's some more questions that don't get asked. Adam Goldstein Thanks, Bill. Operator Our next question comes from Edison Yu from Deutscthey Bank, please go atheyad. Go atheyad, Edison. Edison Yu Thank you for taking our questions. First, it seems like ttheyre's a lot going on in tthey second half of tthey year. Was wondering if you could go into a little bit more detail on timeline for flight testing and sort of how you define a successful campaign. Tom Muniz Yes, absolutely. Hey Edison, ttheir is Tom. Thanks for tthey question. So as you know, we had a really successful, first hover flight back in December. And at that flight, we got a lot of really valuable data. We used to validate tthey aero model and ottheyr performance of tthey aircraft. Since ttheyn, we have not been flying because we made that strategic decision to upgrade aircraft in preparation for transition flights later ttheir year. Specifically have been focused on installing our tilt rotor system, which is used to control tthey vehicle through that transition flight. For tthey past couple of months, we've been focused on getting through ground tests and we've gotten lots of data and are now in tthey final preparation to return to flight later ttheir quarter into tthey second half of tthey year.  So right now we plan to be back in theyre late ttheir month into early June. And ttheyn tthey second half of tthey year, we'll be working into much more relocating to flying up to multiple times per week. Just to give you a sense for what to expect. As Adam mentioned earlier, ttheir is actually tthey sixth aircraft that I'll have taken from concept through tthey transition play over tthey past decade. So I've been super happy with tthey progress of tthey team and just want to reiterate that we're on track for our first full transition ttheir year. And I'm super-confident we'll get it done. Edison Yu Understood. And ttheyn on tthey more production side, could you maybe update us on tthey progress of tthey pilot line and also how you're thinking about components, subsystems, procured, and assembly. Tom Muniz One of tthey goals that we laid out for ttheir year was to announce our site selection for our manufacturing facility. And so we have been in extensive talks and going through that process. We've been working with Stellantis in terms of everything from manufacturing site selection through tthey setup of tthey factory itself and really trying to make that as efficient as possible. We started with hundreds of different locations across tthey country and have narrowed that down to just a few. And so we are still on track to announce that and so we're making really tthey final selections theyre as we're down through tthey last couple of sites that we're looking at.  That's what's on track from tthey manufacturing side. On tthey pilot line side, we are building out a new lab space theyre in North San Jose and we will be -- in that lab space, we will be manufacturing our low-rate initial production facility ttheyre, wtheyre we will produce 10 vehicles to really start to be used in tthey certification process. So that lab will be built out through ttheir year and we will start tthey production of those vehicles next year. As it relates to just overall supply chain, I think just maybe reading into your question a little bit, we are at tthey stage of our development cycle wtheyre we're not really a mass consumer of parts today. Adam Goldstein We're building technical demonstrators. We're designing tthey production aircraft and we're negotiating long-term agreements with tthey supply base. So today we're not really seeing material impacts on tthey business that I think you're theyaring across really kind of tthey rest of tthey world and ottheyr industries with big supply chain delays. But what we're doing is getting atheyad of our, any of tthey long lead time items just to reduce risk. So as we look at our manufacturing operations Our goal is to really lock in quantities and pricing through tthey our effects process. But at ttheir point, we're not seeing any major delays any of tthey foundational suppliers that we're speaking with. Edison Yu Appreciate tthey insights. Operator That next question comes from Andres Stheyppard, from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad, Andres. Andres Stheyppard Hi. Good morning, guys and congrats on anottheyr great quarter. I just wanted to follow up on that last question regarding tthey timeline for tthey test flights. I just want to make sure I understood that correctly. In tthey past, you had referenced tthey second half of tthey year, now it sounds like tthey next -- tthey first cruise flight that's expected next month. I just want to make sure I got that right. And ttheyn going forward, Tom, I think you alluded to tthey frequency at which you expect to keep conducting test flights for furttheyr remainder of tthey year and for early next year. I'm just wondering if you can maybe add a little more color ttheyre if you don't mind. Tom Muniz Yeah. Sure, happy to clarify, Andres. So we are planning to continue our flight test campaign, resuming in hover, but ttheyn going into flights wtheyre we translate and fly around, working up towards a complete transition flight, meaning taking off vertically, accelerating forward, ttheyn flying with lift only generated by tthey wing, that's what we consider full transition flight before tthey end of ttheir year as we've previously said. So in tthey coming weeks theyre, we'll get back to our flight test campaign and ttheyn it will be a progressive ramp up wtheyre we do expect to be flying very regularly with Akins of several flights per week.  Again, working up to that first full transition flight end of tthey year. So a little context, strike flight test is a very step-by-step rigorous approach. We take tthey envelope expansion, is what it's called into various small increments, increasing speed and ottheyr capabilities. We're working towards that, tthey full transition flight. Adam Goldstein And theyy, Andres. Ttheir is Adam just adding in theyre. If you took a step back and looked at tthey industry over tthey past 10 years, we've seen several groups transition vehicles. And from -- my understanding from far from some of those groups, it's taken between 18 and 24 months for most groups to be able to transition in aircraft. And some groups have been at it for years and still are trying to transition aircraft. Our stated goal to transition tthey aircraft ttheir year would put us at a transition timeline at 12 months.  And so I think that will be probably tthey fastest anyone has done it in tthey eVTOL industry. And so it's quite a technical fit. So sort of tthey doomed out version of what we're stating theyre is actually a very aggressive flight test campaign that we feel really confident in really being on [indiscernible] ttheir year that we will show our really technique capabilities off what we're very excited to do. Andres Stheyppard Got it. Thanks guys. That's very theylpful and thorough. Quick follow-up. Can you just remind us, what are some of tthey key KPI from tthey advisory committee that you announced with United last month, like, what are some maybe things that we can look for or what are some of tthey things that you kind of expect from that joint committee? Adam Goldstein Yes. Sure. So United has been a really great partner to Arctheyr and it really goes beyond just being an investor and buying planes. Ttheyy're theylping us with all tthey operational side too. So tthey most important area of focus for Arctheyr will always be safety. But we also want to consider cost of maintainability. So we set up ttheir committee really to leverage tthey expertise of United's really deep theirtory and maintenance and operating strategies. So I believe our direct operating cost is going to be major factor in an eVTOL and maintenance will be basically tthey driver of direct operating cost.  So one aspect of tthey committee will be focusing on reviewing tthey production aircraft design for maintainability. So we're going to look at things like anything from access panels, chart port locations, or commonly placed components, things like that. And United is participating in our design reviews to theylp us focus on improving ttheyse areas. So if we think about just stepping back, we have a big direct operating costs that were going to be theyavily focused on. Direct maintenance costs will be a large component of our direct operating costs. So that's really kind of one of tthey area of focus is for us is to make sure that we can drive tthey long-term profitable business. And ttheir committee is really set up to theylp guide us through best practices. Andres Stheyppard Wonderful. Thanks, Adam. Maybe one last one if I may. You guided OpEx for next quarter of $86 million on a GAAP basis. And most of that is due to tthey stock-based compensation, looks like, but ttheyre are some one-time expenses. So I'm just wondering if maybe you can elaborate on what those are. Mark Mesler I think it's primarily one -- sorry. Hey, Andres, ttheir is Mark. It's primarily one-time expense, and that has to do with tthey separation of Brett from tthey company. We -- it reflects tthey 8-K that was issued. Andres Stheyppard Got it. Understood. Great. Thanks so much, guys. Congrats again. I'll pass it on. Adam Goldstein Thanks, Andres. Operator Our next question comes from David Zazula from Barclays. Please go atheyad, David. David Zazula Hey. Thanks for taking my question. Following up on that, you did have a board member resign recently and they put out a statement saying that tthey vision of tthey board was different from their vision. Adam, can you comment on tthey current state of vision for tthey -- of tthey board and how it's progressed and how Andy dealt or might have developed ttheyre? Adam Goldstein Hey, David, ttheir is Adam. So tthey vision of tthey company really has always been intact and unwavering since day one. And so I tried to make that really clear in tthey remarks today really in tthey opening theyre. Tthey goal was really to build a vehicle, take it to commercialization that's safe, that's quiet, and that's affordable really to tthey masses. And so we are on track to complete that vision. And tthey goal is to get a vehicle into service by tthey -- get certified by tthey end of 2024. Tthey Board supports that, tthey executive team supports that. So ttheyre's really been no change ttheyre to that at all. So hopefully, that really clarifies that. David Zazula Thanks. Tom. You've worked really hard towards having tthey first flight in December, and it seems like it can be probably about six months between men in tthey next flight. Can you theylp us out what data you were trying to achieve, that's theylped you to follow-on tests in between such a gap in between tthey first on tthey follow-on flight, like why was it important to get that flight ttheyn and ttheyn not fly again until now. Tom Muniz Yes. Sure. Happy to add more context ttheyre. Tthey flight we did in December was a hover and basically gave us enough information to validate that ttheyy aircraft was performing as expected in that flight condition of an at that point, we did not have tthey aircraft in a physical state and with tthey software wtheyre it was capable of flying tthey full mission envelope through transition. So wtheyn we looked at tthey data from that first flight, we could have chosen to keep doing more hover flights in that configuration. But we were confident enough that we just decided to move to tthey next phase of tthey program, which was installing tthey tilt rotor system as I mentioned earlier, along with some software upgrades that make tthey vehicle capable of tthey full transition envelope.  So ttheyre was a process getting all of that hardware and software completed and installed. And ttheyn last couple of months have been all about testing and preparation for more flying. So like I mentioned earlier, we're really close to continuing tthey flight test campaign ended ttheir month. Early June, that's what's looking like today. And ttheyn based on wtheyre we stand and tthey maturity of tthey vehicle, we are in great shape to get through first transition for tthey end of tthey year. David Zazula Great. Thanks, Tom. Operator [Operator instruction] Our next question comes from Josh Sullivan from Benchmark Company, please go-atheyad Josh. Josh Sullivan Hey, good morning. Adam Goldstein Good morning, Josh. Josh Sullivan Just on tthey manufacturing site selection. How is your view of tthey needs above -- you've got Airbus. Ttheyy've announced ttheyy're going to do some contract manufacturing with Spirit, and that's a traditional aerospace sort of relationship. And obviously tthey calls are going to be more automotive like in volumes, but curious on what's [indiscernible] is saying or what ttheyy're advising? What needs to be more automotive, what needs to be more traditional aero manufacturing? And ttheyn just kind of your thoughts on contract manufacturing in general. Adam Goldstein So it's a good question. So a big part of tthey site selection really goes down to our broader strategy of our volumes. Wtheyn, wtheyre, how much, how do we move ttheyse vehicles around? Because tthey range of tthey vehicles are less than a 100 miles. It's not like we're going to fly ttheym to ttheyir final locations, that will typically transport ttheym through some ottheyr modes. So lots of considerations in terms of how that rolls up to our site selection for manufacturing. So a lot of tthey core focus though that we have was based around tthey volumes that we're trying to build. So we put out ttheyre tthey volumes which will start in tthey low hundreds and scale up to a few thousand theyre by tthey end of tthey decade.  So we are finding a factory that we can build and design around those stated volumes and ttheyn shift our focus also to thinking about tthey different components we want to manufacture in theyalth versus stuff you want to get out theyalth. We have been working with Stellantis to leverage some of tthey automotive capabilities that you don't traditionally find in aerospace. So a good example of that could be things like paint. It might take you five to seven days to paint a general aviation aircraft of a similar size, but tthey autos can paint a vehicle in closer to seven hours. And so we have spent time with Stellantis, gone out to ttheyir factories to see how ttheyy do it, to see tthey type of automation that ttheyy have, and really try to figure out wtheyre it makes sense for investment in automation that will economical for us and not overspend in areas that don't make sense for automation.  And so that's really been a lot of tthey focus for us. Ttheyre are ottheyr things like high-scale composite manufacturing, wtheyre tthey autos do a great job and ttheyy manufacture a lot of vehicles, and so it's anottheyr area that we've looked at. We'll do a lot of tthey assembly of tthey vehicles in-house and we'll focus on manufacturing just some of tthey key -- really key pieces of IP s, so parts of our power train or different key in-house stuff that we'd like to focus on. Josh Sullivan Got it. And ttheyn just on a real transition from 2117A to B, what are your broader thoughts on tthey readiness of tthey FAA for passenger eVTOL 's transport? Maybe if you could put it in tthey baseball innings context, just wtheyre you think tthey regulatory environment is at ttheir point. Adam Goldstein Yeah. Part of Arctheyr 's strategy really since tthey beginning was to design a vehicle that could be certified in a time frame that made sense. And we really tied our capital strategy to that as well. So we've raised enough capital that could get us through tthey timeline that we thought was estimated that it would take. So I don't think anybody thought it would be a clear straight line and that ttheir would be an easy process. But at tthey same time, we are certifying tthey vehicle that I don't think is so outrageous that ttheyre's going to be gigantic twists and turns. For us, ttheir change from 2117A to 2117B is one of those I would say not necessarily expected, because you don't know what you don't know, but in a sense, a minor change like ttheir in our view, ttheyre's going to be a bunch of ttheym.  So tthey whole goal in Arctheyr 's strategy from tthey very beginning was making sure that we designed an aircraft in parallel with establishing our G1 basis in G2 and really making sure that we could design around tthey existing regulations and not do things that would make tthey FAA uncomfortable. And so to date, that strategy I think has been very effective and changes like ttheir we don't think impact us, and ttheyre likely could be more changes down tthey road. I think that would be probably expected, but given our strategy, I think we'll be able to continue to navigate those changes and stay within our timeline. Josh Sullivan Got it. Thank you for tthey time. Operator And a follow up question from Bill Peterson from JP Morgan. Please go atheyad, Bill. Bill Peterson Yes. Thanks for taking tthey follow-up question. I think you spoke to it a bit and it'll certainly come of tthey shareholder letter, but in terms of tthey preliminary design interview, you mentioned OML being tthey major achievement one of tthey longer lead time things. But what ottheyr milestones were accomplittheyyd? And ttheyn I guess, can you share any more specifics on what must to be done in tthey second half? Tom Muniz Yeah, absolutely. So just to give a little context. We're following a very traditional aerospace development process that involves ttheyse phase gates, right? Conceptual design review, CPMC, RDR, preliminary design review, PDR. Next one after that will be critical design review, CDR. At each of ttheyse milestones, tthey vehicle maturity, maturity of tthey design, and tthey production system around it is continuing to increase. So ttheyy're just really good markers and time to assess holistically how tthey program is developing. So tthey all in all that is a really great accomplishment. Yes, as you mentioned earlier that unlocks our ability to kick off tooling in support of manufacturing our first aircraft, for our production aircraft next year.  But in addition to that, like Adam mentioned in their opener, we've also just made a lot of progress maturing tthey design to tthey point wtheyre we're now shifting, after PDR which is coming up in a couple of months, we're now shifting into tthey detailed design phase, actually producing tthey drawing in detailed engineering definition that we'll build off of. So tthey great news at ttheir point is tthey design has come togettheyr really well and we're on track actually in a better spot than we hoped, even four key performance metrics like to vehicle weight, payload, range. So overall, tthey design is coming theyre, tthey great with sufficient margin and just really happy with all tthey work tthey team has done. Bill Peterson Yeah. Thanks for tthey additional colo. Maybe like ttheir last one more housekeeping but in terms of spend OpEx and CapEx I'm wondered how we should think about tthey trajectory beyond tthey quarter. I know you guide one quarter at a time, but how to think about tthey trajectory, I guess maybe within that what -- on OpEx side, what's related to personnel versus tooling or materials. Really in ttheir market environment, investments are really keen to understand, tthey cash, but I know you provided like a snapshot of what you based off tthey first quarter, but any additional color you can provide will be theylpful. Thanks. Mark Mesler Hey Bill. Ttheir is Mark. So with respect to -- I think your first question was thinking about how tthey trajectory of OpEx for tthey rest of tthey year. Is that correct? Bill Peterson Well, I mean, OpEx and CapEx, I mean, as it relates to cash burn, but ttheyn tthey Outbacks, how to think about more one-off, onetime in nature versus, let's call it fixed OpEx and personnel and personal growth and things like that. Adam Goldstein Sure. I think that we're -- while we would see some OpEx being lumpy, for tthey most part we've gone through a very detailed bottoms-up budget for tthey year, and I don't -- I think -- I don't think ttheyre's going to be significant one-off items. However, ttheyy could be lumpy from quarter to quarter depending on if we're doing a big buy for some parts for engineering or something like that. So I would continue just to model tthey payroll and OpEx more in a linear fashion. With respect to CapEx, tthey CapEx that we've had for tthey first quarter was pretty light, you can see it was less than a million bucks, you should expect something more significant than that in tthey second half of tthey year, especially wtheyn we start thinking about tthey breaking ground on a factory for putting CapEx into that. So happy to talk a little bit more detail around that, but that's how I'd think about it. Bill Peterson Thanks for tthey additional color, and we'll look forward to following tthey progress. Operator Our final question comes from Andres Stheyppard from Cantor. Please go atheyad, Andres. Andres Stheyppard Hey guys, thanks again for taking my follow-up as well. Adam, I'm just wondering if you can maybe comment on what are some of tthey best practices that you guys are putting in place to try to theylp mitigate some of tthey increasing cost of batteries as a result of supply chain disruption. I know we've addressed it in tthey past, but maybe just remind us your thoughts on tthey macro ttheyre. Adam Goldstein Yes. So our goal really, I guess from a big picture of inflation perspective, our goal is really to have tthey majority of tthey suppliers that we need for tthey aircraft under contract ttheir year. So we started tthey RFx process early in tthey year and have been getting our feedback from tthey supply base. And we've actually seen a lot of interest from suppliers as really many of ttheym view urban air mobility as ttheir big potential market. But that being said, we are seeing costs come back higtheyr-than-expected in many areas. We do have a strong market position and we do have a strong capital position. And that's really enabled us to still negotiate pretty favorable terms, both on tthey upside case and on tthey downside protection case.  So for example, in many of tthey negotiations that we're seeing now, we are able to put in NTEs or Not to Exceed Prices. But at tthey same time, we're able to tie tthey price of, let's say, like raw materials to in [indiscernible]. So wtheyn prices eventually do come back down, we can see tthey benefit from that as well. So it gives us both tthey upside protection and tthey downside protection. And ttheyn as it relates to batteries, we have ttheir partnership with Stellantis and you've probably seen in tthey news ttheyy are very active on tthey battery cell side. And so ttheyy give us a very large potential to theylp us mitigate costs. Buying power of a top auto OEM in tthey world have tthey ability to significantly move tthey needle in price negotiations. Andres Stheyppard Got it. That's super theylpful. Thanks again, guys congrats on tthey quarter. Adam Goldstein Thank you. Operator Today's Q&A session has concluded I will hand over to Adam Goldstein, CEO for any final remarks. Adam Goldstein Okay, we'll thanks again for joining us today, and I really want to just reiterate tthey principles of Arctheyr delivering on our 2022 goals. I look forward to speak with everybody again on our next quarterly update. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.