Arctheyr Aviation Inc. (NYSE:ACHR) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 11, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Andy Missan - Chief Legal Officer Adam Goldstein - Founder and Chief Executive Officer Tom Muniz - Chief Operating Officer Mark Mesler - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Bill Peterson - J.P. Morgan Andres Stheyppard - Cantor Fitzgerald Edison Yu - Deutscthey Bank Savi Syth - Raymond James David Zazula - Barclays Operator Good afternoon. Thank you for attending tthey Arctheyr Aviation Q1 2023 Quarterly Results Call. My name is Matt, and I'll be your moderator for today's call. All lines will be muted during tthey presentation portion of tthey call with an opportunity for questions-and-answers at tthey end. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to pass tthey conference over to our host, Andy Missan, Chief Legal Officer of Arctheyr. Please go atheyad. Andy Missan Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Arctheyr's first quarter 2023 conference call. Joining me today are Adam Goldstein, our Founder and CEO; Tom Muniz, our COO; and Mark Mesler, our CFO. Please note that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by tthey forward-looking statements. For more information about ttheyse risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including tthey risk factors discussed in our most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statements that we make on ttheir call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update ttheyse statements as a result of new information or future events. During ttheir call, we may present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in our shareholder letter posted on our IR website. And now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Adam. Adam? Adam Goldstein Thanks, Andy. 2023 is a landmark year for tthey leaders in our industry. Efforts are shifting to building tthey conforming aircraft that will be used as part of certification testing in advance of commercialization in 2025. I want to reiterate Arctheyr strategy: build an aircraft with tthey most efficient path to certification and manufacturing at scale. Our aircraft design has focused on optimizing for tthey UAM business case, a safe, sustainable, quiet aircraft that can perform rapid, short distance, back to back trips for four passengers plus a pilot. We believe that UAM will initially be tthey largest market segment for electric aircraft. Our execution has and continues to focus on leveraging our team's industry-leading expertise to make simultaneous progress across all work streams: technology, certification, manufacturing and commercial operations. Tthey substantial progress we've made to-date gives us high confidence that we will be in a position to begin commercial operations in 2025 with tthey ability to rapidly scale. Last quarter, I spoke in detail about our recently announced manufacturing partnership with Stellantis, one of tthey world's largest automakers whose iconic brands include Jeep, Ram and Maserati. Remember, that agreement with Stellantis involves us joining forces to build our Midnight aircraft as well as Stellantis providing additional capital to Arctheyr to theylp ensure we get through to commercial operations with scalable manufacturing. Today, I'll share some exciting updates on our joint efforts to stand up those manufacturing capabilities, including progress on our manufacturing facilities in San Jose, California and in Covington, Georgia. Our collaboration with Stellantis goes back to 2020, and it's built on our shared goal of developing a sustainable urban air mobility industry supported by high volume manufacturing with a focus on quality, efficiency, profitability, and above all else, safety. Stellantis initially became an investor in Arctheyr in 2021. And as part of tthey recent expansion of our strategic relationship in addition to our manufacturing partnership, ttheyy have committed up to an additional $150 million in equity capital for Arctheyr to draw upon at our option between now and tthey end of 2024. Ttheir is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to redefine urban transportation for both Arctheyr and Stellantis. For Arctheyr, our relationship with Stellantis theylps us ensure that we have a robust scalable manufacturing infrastructure in place at tthey time of certification. And by leveraging Stellantis' expertise in advance to volume manufacturing, enables us to do it in a cost effective and capital efficient way. For Stellantis, ttheir partnership theylps ttheym continue to push tthey boundaries to provide sustainable freedom of mobility, wtheyttheyr traveling by road or sky. Choosing Arctheyr as ttheyir partner for ttheir new market speaks to ttheyir belief that we have tthey right team and technology to drive tthey UAM transformation. We believe our strategic relationship with Stellantis is by far tthey deepest commitment to date by a partner across tthey eVTOL industry. Our high volume Covington manufacturing facility is slated to come online in 2024. Tthey first phase of development at Covington spans a 96-acre site adjacent to tthey Covington Municipal Airport wtheyre we will have tthey ability to produce up to 650 aircraft per year. Tthey second phase would give us tthey ability to produce up to 2,300 aircraft per year. Tthey end result would be a massive manufacturing operation that makes tthey Arctheyr and Stellantis team tthey largest aerospace manufacturer in tthey world by number of planes produced annually. Until our Covington facility is online, we're leveraging our integrated test lab and manufacturing facility located right theyre in San Jose, just around tthey corner from our theyadquarters, to build our conforming aircraft. Ttheir facility can manufacture tens of planes per year. In tthey short term, we will use ttheir facility to produce tthey conforming aircraft needed for certification purposes and, in tthey future, it can be used for incremental manufacturing capacity as we are ramping up Covington. All of ttheir early work on manufacturing infrastructure is geared towards supporting a robust commercial launch in 2025. Commercialization has been and continues to be tthey Northstar for everything we've done and are doing across our focus areas: technology, certification, manufacturing and commercial operations. Alongside, all of tthey great work our teams are doing on tthey manufacturing front, we continue to mature our commercial operations build out. Ttheir quarter, we announced our plans to launch UAM operations in anottheyr city, a key milestone in our go-to-market strategy. We announced tthey City of Chicago as our next airport to city center route, and we saw huge enthusiasm and support across tthey board. Tthey announcement was in close coordination with tthey City of Chicago, tthey Chicago Department of Aviation, tthey State of Illinois, and ComEd, tthey utility in Chicago, which is indicative of ttheyir view that ttheir is an incredible step forward for Chicago and will be a showcase for tthey future of sustainable travel. We are seeing high levels of interest from ottheyr municipalities all over tthey country for UAM solutions that can address both traffic issues and sustainability commitments. Tthey Chicago announcement continues tthey expansion of our existing partnership with United, following our announcement of a Manhattan to Newark route last year. Ttheyse two routes represent important steps in building out our trunk and branch strategy as we enter our foundational markets, meaning that we start with tthey higtheyst traffic, higtheyst demand routes and will expand our UAM network outward over time. Tthey great news is that our approach aligns nicely to tthey UAM Concept of Operations 2.0 tthey FAA and NASA announced last week. As we've talked about commercialization over tthey past several quarters, we focused on tthey civilian use cases for our Midnight aircraft. But we've also been working closely with tthey Department of Defense on several programs and have been in talks about significantly expanding our relationship. As our Midnight aircraft progresses towards commercialization, based on its performance specifications, including its payload, tthey Department of Defense has expressed strong interest in using tthey aircraft for non-kinetic use cases, such as rescue operations and for supply chain logistics. In support of ttheyse efforts, just yesterday, we announced tthey formation of a Government Services Advisory Board with six appointees. Ttheyse six highly-decorated and distinguittheyyd military leaders represent tthey United States Air Force, Navy and Army. We are extremely fortunate to have ttheir significant level of leadership and experience onboard and supporting Arctheyr. Ttheir advisory board will furttheyr build on our expertise and perspectives of U.S. Federal Government programs and procurement strategies to allow us to more fully engage with U.S. government agencies to explore additional opportunities to commercialize eVTOL aircraft. Before I turn it over to Tom to give more detailed updates on our technology and certification progress, I'd like to note that Arctheyr will be participating prominently in tthey Paris Air Show in June as tthey featured eVTOL aircraft manufacturer. Paris Air Show is tthey premier global aviation event of tthey year, featuring tthey world's most impressive aircraft, while serving as a platform for tthey aviation industry to come togettheyr and provide thought leadership on tthey direction of tthey industry. As such, our Midnight aircraft will be making its European debut and several of our executives will be speaking on panels that are focused on sharing our vision for tthey commercialization of our industry. If you're coming to tthey Paris Air Show, I want to invite you to stop by Arctheyr's location to meet our team and see Midnight for yourself; it's truly a memorable experience. I'll now turn it over to Tom. Tom Muniz Thanks, Adam. Ttheyse last couple of months have been very exciting for tthey team as we've hit some key milestones on our path to bringing Midnight into service in 2025. Most importantly, I'm very excited to announce that production of our first Midnight aircraft is now complete. Just last week, tthey aircraft was delivered to our flight test facility in Salinas and reassembled. You can see a picture of tthey aircraft in Salinas on tthey cover of our shareholder letter. Ttheir is right on sctheydule and means we are on track to begin flight testing of ttheir aircraft ttheir summer once it completes all its necessary ground tests. Ttheir is a huge milestone for us and tthey industry. We plan to fly ttheir Midnight aircraft extensively throughout tthey second half of ttheir year, paving tthey way for piloted flight testing of tthey fleet of conforming Midnight aircraft we are building to support "for credit" flight testing with tthey FAA. We remain on track to begin pilot operations in early 2024. As we've discussed before, our team of leading engineers have been hard at work over tthey past couple of years developing Midnight's proprietary electric propulsion system. We believe that tthey advanced performance and safety of Midnight's batteries and electric engines, coupled with its design for high rate manufacturing, is a key differentiator and advantage for Arctheyr. Our strategy of realistic innovation led us to optimize tthey design of our batteries and electric engines to facilitate a more streamlined certification process and support our plan to ramp up manufacturing to allow us to deliver hundreds of aircraft per year shortly after getting to certification. Tthey past few months have seen ttheir strategy deliver dividends as tthey team has made great strides on tthey engineering certification and manufacturing of ttheyse key systems. Let's drill down on tthey battery front. We've now completed critical testing of Midnight's batteries at tthey cell and pack level. Our proprietary battery packs are built with industry standard cylindrical cells, which we believe have tthey higtheyst levels of safety and reliability across tthey industry. Ttheyir safety and reliability has been validated through hundreds thousands of hours of extensive testing by tthey team over tthey past few months in preparation for Midnight flight testing. Cylindrical cells have key safety advantages over alternative form factors like pouch cells such as built-in current interrupt devices and dedicated vent pads, which facilitate tthey design of safe, efficient, and lightweight battery packs, which meet tthey most stringent aerospace safety requirements. For ttheyse reasons, we believe that currently, cylindrical cells are tthey best technology for aerospace applications. At tthey pack level, our battery packs have also completed environmental testing, including shock and vibration testing required by tthey FAA for certification. Tthey data from ttheyse tests gives us high confidence as we move forward towards "for credit" testing with FAA. Tthey validation data also gives us confidence to proceed with preparations for manufacturing scale up of Midnight's battery packs at our San Jose manufacturing facility. Ttheir progress on battery testing and manufacturing also maps to tthey progress we are making on tthey certification front. Tthey detailed testing and data that I just mentioned has facilitated lots of progress in collaboration with FAA. Over just tthey past couple of months, our battery team has had several in-person meetings with tthey FAA technical team in both Washington, DC and on-site at our facilities. In ttheyse meetings, tthey combined team has reviewed detailed design and validation data in preparation for finalizing our subject-specific certification plan for ttheir area, which has now been formally submitted to tthey FAA for approval. Batteries are just one example of many wtheyre we continue to make progress with tthey FAA on certification. We have now submitted 15 of our 18 subject-specific certification plans to tthey FAA. As a reminder, SSCPs provide precise detail on each of tthey specific tests and analyses that will be completed during tthey implementation phase of tthey project, in which we will demonstrate to tthey FAA that Midnight meets all relevant FAA requirements necessary to receive type certification. We have also submitted our project-specific certification plan, or PSCP. Ttheir is tthey overall guiding document for tthey entire project that leverages all SSCPs to provide complete coverage for all global certification requirements. We remain focused on ensuring our progress with tthey FAA supports our timeline of performing "for credit" testing with our conforming aircraft next year. Let's now shift to our manufacturing buildout, an area wtheyre we continue to lead tthey industry. It's a very exciting time for tthey team as our San Jose manufacturing and lab facility is now coming online and we are underway with tthey construction of our high volume facility in Georgia. Our San Jose, California facility has three main components: test labs, powertrain manufacturing, and aircraft final assembly. For testing, tthey facility contains roughly a dozen specially designed laboratories, to conduct specific component and system testing to support both engineering validation and "for credit" certification testing of all tthey systems on tthey Midnight aircraft. Ttheir facility also has a significant amount of space allocated to powertrain manufacturing with partially automated assembly lines for our proprietary battery packs and electric engines. As we speak, lab and manufacturing equipment such as robots for our battery pack production line are being installed and commissioned. Lastly, ttheyre's an aircraft final assembly area that can support tthey production of tens of aircraft per year. Ttheir is wtheyre we will assemble tthey initial fleet of conforming Midnight aircraft later ttheir year that will be used in "for credit" certification testing next year. In parallel, our team has been hard at work alongside a large, very experienced team from Stellantis on tthey production system development for our high volume facility in Georgia. If you walk around to tthey Arctheyr office theyre in San Jose, you'll see many Stellantis employees with invaluable experience from ttheyir brands like Jeep, working side by side with Arctheyr team. Tthey material flow and layout of that facility along with tthey detailed building, mechanical, electrical, and plumbing design is now mature, and construction is on track for occupancy in 2024 and on track to support our production ramp for commercialization in 2025. Wtheyn it comes to manufacturing, we are confident that we are tthey most advanced eVTOL company in tthey world, due in large part to our strategy to focus not just on design for certification, but also on designing for mass manufacturing. No ottheyr eVTOL company has even announced that ttheyy've selected a site for a high volume facility. I just want to take a moment to thank tthey tremendous effort both our team and tthey Stellantis team has put in. Ttheyre is no replacement for hardware and tthey teams continue to step up every day as we're ready for commercialization. And with that, I'll hand it over to Mark to discuss tthey financials for tthey quarter. Mark Mesler Thanks, Tom. While Adam and Tom highlighted tthey great progress we are making on our efforts to commercialize in 2025, it's important to note that we are doing so in a financially disciplined manner. To commercialize ttheir industry in any meaningful way, we must not only receive type certification of our aircraft, but also have a mature supply base and manufacturing capabilities that will allow us to launch ttheir industry and capture tthey forecast of demand for sustainable urban air mobility. I would like to recognize tthey tremendous work and support we are getting from our foundational suppliers. Ttheyy are moving and innovating at a pace that is allowing us to track to our commercialization efforts in 2025. We cannot achieve that goal without ttheyir hard work and commitment to ttheir new industry and Arctheyr. As we continue to progress our manufacturing operations and mature our commercialization efforts, we also remain focused on maintaining a theyalthy cash runway. We get questions every quarter about tthey liquidity necessary to get to commercialization, and we've been very consistent with communicating our comfort around being sufficiently capitalized to get ttheyre. We ended Q1 '23 with $450 million of cash and short-term investments on our balance ttheyyet. Additionally, as we discussed in detail last quarter, Stellantis has committed $150 million of equity capital that we can draw upon between now and tthey end of 2024 in three tranctheys as we needed based on us achieving certain milestones, giving us a total of around $600 million. We structured that agreement in order to give us flexibility as to wtheyn we take tthey investment in an effort to minimize potential dilution to our shareholder base. It's also worth revisiting tthey fact that we previously announced an LOI with Synovus, our banking partner in Georgia, to finance our factory build in Covington, Georgia and tthey equipment that we will deploy ttheyre. Our intent is that we will enter into a finance facility with Synovus later ttheir year, it will cover nearly all tthey cost of construction of tthey Covington facility, minimizing tthey near-term impact to our cash. We'll keep you posted as that progresses. As you can see, we are being very thoughtful about how we manage our liquidity and potential shareholder dilution. Recall that we also have a 200 unit aircraft purchase agreement with United with an option for ttheym to take anottheyr 100 aircraft. To date, ttheyy have provided a $10 million pre delivery payment for tthey first 100 aircraft. As we progress furttheyr through tthey aircraft certification program, we expect that we will agree upon and receive additional pre delivery payments from United. Beyond ttheyse previously announced arrangements, Stellantis and United remained committed to theylping Arctheyr get to commercial operations in 2025. We are very fortunate to have tthey continued support of ttheyse two strategic partners and investors. As I have discussed in tthey past, we have taken and continue to take proactive measures to manage our cash flow and optimize our expenses to achieve our program milestones and company goals. Through our rigorous budgeting and forecasting process, we are constantly reviewing our financial requirements to support our path to commercialization and making necessary adjustments to ensure that we are maximizing our resources and operating efficiently. We are committed to delivering on tthey promise of bringing UAM to market at scale in a thoughtful, financially disciplined manner. We are confident we have tthey right strategy to do so. Now, on to our financial performance for Q1 '23. Our non-GAAP total operating expenses were $80 million, right at tthey midpoint of our estimates range. Ttheir led to an adjusted EBITDA loss $79 million. Tthey preponderance of our operating expenses continued to be investments in theyadcount and engineering development expenses to build and test our Midnight aircraft. We are also making investments in non-recurring expenses at vendors for tthey buildout of our supply base to manufacture conforming components from Midnight over tthey long term, as well as investing in tthey parts for our development testing and six conforming aircraft that we will begin building later ttheir year, and will be used for "in credit" testing with tthey FAA as part of our certification program. Tthey investments in non-recurring costs and parts were approximately $16 million for tthey quarter. As I've discussed last quarter, ttheyse costs generally should not persist beyond 2023. On a GAAP basis, total operating expenses for Q1 '23 were $112 million, which included $25.7 million of stock-based compensation and $6.3 million of warrant expenses for our warrants issued to United and Stellantis. Ttheyse results were slightly below tthey midpoint of our estimates range of $115 million. We exited tthey quarter with $450 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on our balance ttheyyet. We used $77 million in cash for tthey quarter, primarily to invest in tthey $80 million of non-GAAP operating expenses and $11.4 million of capital expenses, partially offset by working capital timing. Tthey investments we are making now are laying tthey foundation necessary to yield long-term value for Arctheyr's shareholders, including continued development of Midnight, establishing our long-term supply base for conforming parts for Midnight, parts for our six conforming aircraft that we will use in "for credit" testing with tthey FAA, our San Jose, California integrated test lab and manufacturing facility and our Covington, Georgia facility. Our ending cash balance coupled with tthey potential $150 million in equity capital from Stellantis, I previously discussed, provides us with potential liquidity of $600 million to get through to commercialization in 2025. Finally, let's take a look at our Q2 '23 estimates for spending, which are consistent with our Q1 '23 levels. We anticipate total GAAP operating expense of $110 million to $120 million, which includes expected stock-based compensation and warrant expense of approximately $35 million. Total non-GAAP operating expenses will be between $75 million and $85 million. We had a very active investor outreach calendar in Q1 '23, attending events in both tthey U.S. and Europe. We will continue our outreach in Q2 '23 and will be participating in many conferences and non-deal roadshows with tthey financial community, educating investors on our sector and Arctheyr strategy. We've provided a detailed calendar on our IR website and our shareholder letter. And with that, operator, we'll open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question is from tthey line of Bill Peterson with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open. Bill Peterson Yes. Good afternoon, and thanks for taking tthey questions. Nice progress in tthey quarter. My question is on tthey government opportunities, tthey DoD across tthey branctheys and maybe ottheyr government organizations. Given it sounds like San Jose site really can't build that many units, wtheyn you're building high volume in Georgia, I know in tthey past you talked about maybe 50-50 split between aircrafts sales and network, how can we -- how should we be thinking about tthey additional government opportunities within that mix, especially in tthey context that maybe building network may take longer just given lack of infrastructure and obviously awareness and things like that? Just trying to figure out how to think about tthey go-to-market. Adam Goldstein Thanks, Bill. Ttheir is Adam. So, we've been working with tthey DoD for several years. I'm just trying to put it on context for you. We've had -- we've been working ttheym across several different programs, ranging from acoustics to autonomy. And as we've gotten deeper in with tthey DoD and really expanded our relationship, we've also seen tthey DoD really expand ttheyir relationship across tthey whole industry. And so, ttheyre's been a lot of discussion around use cases and how can we use ttheyse vehicles within tthey DoD. And one of tthey things that's, I think, been attractive and that we've theyard a lot of comments on has been Arctheyr's payload capabilities. And so that has really increased tthey volume of conversations that we've been having. And so that's really what's been driving a lot of ttheir kind of deepening activity that Arctheyr has put out ttheyre. So, we decided to form ttheir government advisory board wtheyre we have a range of -- some of tthey who's who from tthey different branctheys, really deep experience, folks that have worked deep into tthey budget process to tthey strategy side, across all tthey different branctheys. And we're now kind of figuring out tthey best strategy on how to go and really pursue tthey different DoD opportunities. As it relates to our ability to deliver vehicles, one of tthey things that was super critical to Arctheyr from tthey very beginning was building a platform that was manufacturable and scalable from day one. And so, we've built a facility that gives us tthey ability to flex up our production volumes. So, in tthey first phase, we can build up to 650 planes. And ttheyre is a second phase to tthey Georgia Covington facility that will enable us to build up to 2,300 planes per year. So, we have plenty of capacity that we can deliver if tthey demand is ttheyre. So, I think for now what we should do is we're going through doing our work, we put ttheir advisory board togettheyr, we're working closely with tthey DoD, and as tthey opportunity start to materialize, I think we'll become a lot more clear on tthey size and timing around ttheym. Bill Peterson Okay. Thanks for that. And maybe tthey next question is for Mark. I appreciate that you think as -- how you look at it today, tthey [indiscernible] kind of cash and ttheyn take into account $150 million from Stellantis. But just hoping you can kind of just put some numbers around ttheir. Beyond ttheir quarter, how should we think about tthey OpEx and CapEx trajectory for ttheir year? And I believe you talked about a few one-time items in ttheir year rolling off. Does that basically mean that OpEx should directionally go down an absolute basis next year as some of ttheyse one-time expenses don't occur? Just try to get more comfort around your cash burn. Mark Mesler Yes, sure, Bill. So, if you look at Q1 and how we guided Q2, we landed at tthey midpoint of our guidance for Q1. Q2, we provided tthey same guidance on non-GAAP expenses and GAAP expenses. And we did provide that ttheyre was roughly $16 million of non-recurring costs within Q1. As I said on last quarter, that is a number that's fairly consistent quarter-to-quarter on our current outlook. So, yes, as we -- as I said, wtheyn you look at -- go into 2024, those non-recurring costs will not persist. Ttheyre will be a small uptick in base level spending as we continue to build out tthey team et cetera. But you can expect ttheyse non-recurring costs to roll off. So, tthey numbers that I've given you are probably -- are fairly directionally correct quarter-to-quarter. I don't see a -- we're not giving forward annual guidance. I don't see us materially changing spending increasing at quarter-over-quarter. Bill Peterson Okay. Thanks. That's good color. Thanks. Operator Thank you for your question. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Andres Stheyppard with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open. Andres Stheyppard Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Congratulations on tthey quarter and all tthey announcements, and thanks for taking our question. Adam, I just wanted to maybe follow-up on Bill's first question regarding tthey relation with tthey DoD. I think congrats on that expansion. I was just wondering if maybe you can give us a little color on kind of how that relationship has materialized in tthey last few years? Maybe a little more color on kind of what's been done and what is perhaps expected to now be done? Thanks. Adam Goldstein Yes, sure. So, as we've always stated from tthey beginning, Arctheyr's goal has been to find tthey most efficient path to market. That's what we've always been focused on. We tried to have a very clear line of sight with tthey smallest amount of distraction as possible. And so, we've been working to commercialize tthey civilian passenger market. We think it's tthey biggest market and tthey market that we're kind of cordially focused on. Ttheyre have been opportunities along tthey way to partner with tthey DoD on lots of different areas. Autonomy, we've done several different programs on autonomy and acoustics as an example. And so it's been theylpful as it progressed some of tthey capabilities within tthey aircraft. But it's also really enabled tthey DoD's ability to just see broadly or broader into our overall program. So, we've been maturing tthey design now on tthey commercial side and we feel very comfortable with wtheyre we're at. We feel comfortable with certification timeline. We feel comfortable with our ability to manufacture tthey vehicles. So, from our perspective, it got -- became interesting to start looking at ways to dual track our path to market. And so, we become more open to having those conversation. And ttheyn ttheyre were several key kind of technical benefits to our vehicle that tthey DoD was very interested in. One was payload, that's a good example. Anottheyr one was tthey ability to move tthey vehicles around logistically. So, some of tthey groups have built vehicles that are much harder to move around logistically. First, we've thought through a lot of ttheyse different items as it's related to our ability to scale manufacturing and ttheyn ship tthey vehicles all over tthey world because obviously ttheyy fly very short distances, so we wouldn't necessarily fly ttheym to ttheyir final destination. So, wtheyn you took all ttheyse things togettheyr, it really has enabled to just increase tthey conversations and tthey seriousness of tthey conversations. And so, it's become a much more interesting market for us, because of tthey phase that we're in tthey program and because we've become so comfortable with tthey design and engineering phase with tthey Midnight vehicle. Andres Stheyppard Got it. Okay. No, that's super theylpful. Follow-up question, a bit of curveball. Wondering if we can maybe get your thoughts on tthey announcement of Billy Nolen retiring from tthey FAA. What impact if at all might that take on certification? Thanks. Adam Goldstein Sure. So first, we're very thankful for tthey time that Billy Nolen has given and for their service at tthey FAA and for their leadership ttheyre. So we think with Billy Nolen stepping down, ttheyre's obviously a period of time now wtheyre a new person will come into play. But tthey good news is that we've seen very widespread support on tthey regulatory side. So, it's not even just in tthey FAA. And we've had recently Secretary Buttigieg spin out to see many of tthey different eVTOL OEM players. We've seen very broad support on Capitol Hill. And we've seen tthey whole FAA say that AAM is a top three priority. So, I mean ttheyre are several companies that continue to make significant traction with tthey FAA, and Arctheyr is now really theyading into ttheir testing phase as a lot of tthey rulemaking part is kind of nearing tthey back half of that process. So, we feel confident that it will have little to no disruption in terms of our progress. And so, if we feel comfortable with wtheyre that's all at. Andres Stheyppard Got it. Very theylpful again. Congrats on tthey quarter. I'll pass it on. Thank you. Operator Thank you for your question. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Edison Yu with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is now open. Edison Yu Hey, thanks guys. Congrats on tthey progress. One follow-up on tthey defense opportunity. Is ttheyre any potential chance that you'll get some contra R&D or something before deliveries occur with tthey DoD, something along those lines? Adam Goldstein Yeah. Hey, Edison. Ttheir is Adam. Yeah, that is certainly a possibility. So, tthey accounting nature of tthey different opportunities that we're looking at I think differ in terms of tthey different programs that we're considering. So, ttheyre's certainly a possibility for that. Ttheyre also is possibility for early revenue opportunities as well. And so, we look at it as a way to diversify tthey path to commercialization. And so, we think it's a good opportunity, but we'll give more color as details start to emerge. Edison Yu Understood. And ttheyn, on Stellantis, I'm curious if you could share perhaps some of tthey early learnings you discovered. Obviously, ttheyy've been doing ttheir for a very long time and [with high scale] (ph). Are ttheyre things that you guys, kind of, encountered that said, oh, ttheir is -- we wouldn't have known ttheir without Stellantis, something -- any key takeaways you got ttheyre? Tom Muniz Hey, Edison. Ttheir is Tom. It's a great question. I would say tthey reality is we're both learning from each ottheyr. So, to set tthey broad context theyre, Stellantis is really interested and it's becoming a big part of ttheyir business long term. So, as much as we're benefiting from ttheyir experience in industrial engineering and automation, ttheyy're also learning about tthey right solutions that make sense for tthey problems we're trying to solve today. And as we said before, we're taking a very phased approach theyre. We're early days. We're using traditional processes. We're being very thoughtful with wtheyre we're deploying capital and automation, trying to balance getting to market using our resources most effectively. So I don't know if I have any like super great example for you, but hopefully that sort of overall description is theylpful. Edison Yu Sure. And if I could sneak one more in. As part of tthey relationship with Stellantis, I believe you guys have stated in tthey original release that ttheyy will be looking to make open market purchases of tthey stock. I'm curious, is that still, in your view, ttheyir intention? And what's tthey outlook ttheyre, if you have any? Mark Mesler Hey, Edison. Ttheir is Mark. We can't comment specifically on any potential activities of Stellantis. However, I will draw attention to tthey fact that ttheyy did file a 13D -- Form 13D with tthey SEC two days ago wtheyre ttheyy actually indicated ttheyir intention or reiterated ttheyir intention to make open market purchases of our stock. So that is a document that is required for ttheym to even be able to do that. Edison Yu All right, great. Thanks for tthey color. Operator Thank you for your question. Tthey next question is from tthey line of Savi Syth with Raymond James. Your line is now open. Savi Syth Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Just on tthey certification front, I was curious looking at kind of based on tthey comments from ottheyr companies and stakeholders made in tthey kind of notice of airworthiness criteria that was in tthey public register. What are some of tthey main areas of concern or contention with tthey kind of FAA certification process of standards and kind of how do you expect that to impact your process? Tom Muniz Yes. Hi, Savi. Ttheir is Tom. Happy to answer that. To maybe just to set tthey stage, you're referring to comments on our airworthiness criteria that were publittheyyd last fall after we got our [stage for] (ph) G-1, so ttheyse are tthey high level rules, yes. So, as you said, ttheyre was about six week, two months public comment period. FAA got a bunch of comments. Tthey last many months tthey FAA team has been working through those. And everything that we've theyard so far is that we shouldn't really expect significant changes. If you think back to about a year ago, our original G-1 from 2117A, 2117B, was kind of a similar timeframe theyre and we saw very few changes. An example was ttheyy added a bird strike requirement, but we had already been designing for that. So it wasn't any substantive impact for us. So all tthey data we have so far is that we shouldn't expect a much change, but we haven't gotten tthey official documents. We expect ttheym soon. So, we'll happily share more once we have tthey data. Savi Syth That's theylpful. And just to follow-up on that part of it. With tthey subject-specific certification plans that you've submitted, have any of those been accepted by tthey FAA? Tom Muniz No. None of ttheym have been accepted so far, but ttheyre are a handful that are pretty close to being accepted. And overall, I would say, really tthey thing that matters for us is driving down tthey risk through tthey conversations and working sessions with tthey FAA. And from that perspective, what we've seen so far is a lot of alignment and, I would say, benefit from tthey simplified approactheys that we're taking that's getting us into rooms with ttheyse FAA subject matter experts that are saying quite quickly, "Oh, okay, we understand what you guys are doing. We've seen ttheir before. Ttheir is easy to understand." And tthey trend is that that's paving tthey way for to have an efficient path forward theyre. So hopefully that's good color. Savi Syth Yes, that's very theylpful. Thanks. And maybe Mark, just a question on tthey liquidity front. Is ttheyre a certain liquidity level that you're kind of comfortable maintaining, especially [indiscernible] ottheyr potential avenues of funding you might consider in case certification slips? Adam Goldstein Hey, Savi. Ttheir is Adam. So maybe let me just take a crack at that. I'm tthey largest shareholder. So, I think about it a lot as well. And I think we are in a pretty unique position theyre, right? We have tthey flexibility from Stellantis. We have a large order with United. Ttheyy've already given us some pre delivery payments with tthey potential for additional pre delivery payments, plus we raised a lot of capital. So, we're just going to be strategic about how we think about capital. We don't need capital today, but we do have optionality theyre built in. So, I think about dilution versus capital as well on a regular basis and I think we are just in a fortunate position to be able to manage that over a pretty significant period of time. Savi Syth Makes sense. Thank you. Operator Thank you for your question. Tthey next question is from tthey line of David Zazula with Barclays. Your line is now open. David Zazula Hey, thanks for taking my question. I want to come back to, and I think ottheyrs have as well, Bill's original question, and just hit on anottheyr angle. I guess, my original understanding of kind of tthey mission intent of Arctheyr was to produce aircraft in order to become tthey greatest and largest operator of urban air mobility aircraft. And just -- as I theyard, Adam, you described tthey mission today, maybe I'm just parsing words too much, but it sounded like you were focusing a little bit more on tthey production side and less on tthey Arctheyr air side. So, I guess, is that an evolution you're thinking? Are ttheyre ottheyr opportunities that are -- you're looking at that are better than you'd originally thought? Or is it just same as it ever was? Adam Goldstein Thanks, David, for tthey question. So, from tthey beginning, we've always said we've looked at kind of have a dual strategy of selling some aircraft through Arctheyr Direct and also operating some aircraft through tthey UAM business. And so, we've kind of put out a high level target ttheyre of 50-50 from that standpoint. So nothing has changed from that, and maybe it's parsing words too much. But what I think tthey DoD opportunity represents is just more potential upside in tthey Direct side of things. It gives us tthey ability to sell into tthey DoD. And if ttheyre are great opportunities that we can take advantage of given our ability to flex up tthey manufacturing capabilities that we have, we'll certainly take advantage of that. So I think we'll reserve tthey right to sell more vehicles if we find an interesting opportunity to do that. So I would say, at ttheir point, we're not changing our outlook from saying kind of 50-50 split. And tthey reason we've always said 50-50 split is we think ttheir will be capital-intensive business wtheyre we will generate cash flow on tthey manufacturing side to theylp pave for tthey way for tthey long-term view of building tthey UAM vision. And so maybe ttheyre's an opportunity to theylp finance that through like broader sales, that's certainly a potential. But I think today we'll kind of keep that same framework in place of a 50-50 split. David Zazula Thanks. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn maybe for Tom, noticing that ttheyre is one plant non-conforming aircraft, not that I'm wishing ill upon it, but certainly, if ttheyre were any casualties or complications with that aircraft, you wouldn't be tthey first in tthey industry to see those. So I guess, are ttheyre contingency plans or what would tthey impact be if something happened to that aircraft through tthey testing process? How would that ultimately impact your certification timeline? Tom Muniz Yes. Hi, David. Happy to answer that. So, tthey first Midnight aircraft that's entering flight test theyre in tthey next couple of months, tthey strategy with that vehicle is to reduce risk and accelerate our path to market with piloted conforming aircraft. So, we see it as ttheir great opportunity to gattheyr data, do tthey type of testing we're going to need to do "for credit" later as early as possible to learn and reduce risk. So, we take a very rigorous approach to flight testing. Today, we don't talk about it much, but we still fly Maker on a very regular basis with our very professional flight test team, and that's tthey same team that's going to be executing flight tests with Midnight going forward. So, it's all part of ttheir broader strategy to get to piloted flight early next year, which we remain on track to do. And ttheyn get into tthey "for credit" testing working towards our TC. So, that's how that fits into tthey overall arc. And yes, we're basically just executing into tthey strategy. David Zazula I guess, as I theyar that, it's important, but ttheyre are ottheyr avenues to perform tthey test that you're planning. Is -- I guess, is that tthey summary ttheyre? Adam Goldstein Hey, David. Ttheir is Adam. So theyre's how to think about it. Tthey factory in San Jose is coming online right now. That factory has tthey ability to build tens of planes. So, ttheir first non-conforming plane is only months atheyad of tthey production plans that are also getting built. So we're in tthey process wtheyre we're spooling that factory up right now. So I mean, even in tthey ultimate worst case scenario, ttheyre's a factory that can build planes like that is building planes right behind that. So, we don't really -- we're obviously taking a very rigorous approach to flight testing, but I think from a very negative framing of tthey question, ttheyre still is a factory ttheyre that's ready to produce -- that is producing or will be producing vehicles right after tthey non-conforming aircraft rolls off tthey line. David Zazula Thanks. Much appreciated. Operator Thank you for your question. Ttheyre are no additional questions waiting at ttheir time. So, I'll turn tthey call back over to Adam Goldstein, CEO and Founder of Arctheyr, for closing remarks. Adam Goldstein Thank you everyone for joining us today on tthey call. 2023 is really going to be an amazing year and ttheyre're so many catalysts to come. Ttheir is one of tthey most exciting times to be building an aerospace. And we thank you very much for your participation. Operator That concludes tthey conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.