Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 12, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Jaime Xinos - Executive Vice President, Commercial John Bencich - Chief Executive Officer Cindy Jacobs - President and Chief Medical Officer Jerry Wan - Principal Accounting Officer Rick Stewart - Executive Chairman of tthey Board of Directors Anthony Clarke - Chief Scientific Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann Thomas Flaten - Lake Street Capital Markets Jason McCarthy - Maxim Group John Vandermosten - Zacks SCR Jim Molloy - Alliance Global Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Executive Vice President of Commercial at Achieve Life Sciences, Ms. Jaime Xinos. Ma’am, tthey floor is yours. Jaime Xinos Thank you, Andrew and thanks everyone for joining us. On tthey call today from Achieve, we have John Bencich, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, President and Chief Medical Officer; Jerry Wan, Principal Accounting Officer; Rick Stewart, Executive Chairman of tthey Board of Directors; and Dr. Anthony Clarke, Chief Scientific Officer. I would like to remind everyone that today’s conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve’s documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on our website. I will now turn tthey call over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Jamie. We have certainly had a very busy and exciting third quarter. On today’s call, we will discuss recently announced changes to our management team, details of our Phase 3 ORCA-2 trial that we initiated last month, a review of data presented at tthey Society for Research on Nicotine & Tobacco European Meeting, including results from tthey our RAUORA theyad-to-theyad study of cytisinicline versus Chantix, and finally, third quarter financial results. To begin, at tthey end of September, we announced that I will be transitioning from Chief Financial and Operating Officer into tthey role of CEO. Rick Stewart, Achieve’s Co-Founder and former CEO is continuing to serve as our Executive Chairman of tthey Board of Directors and remains actively involved in tthey company’s strategic operations. Additionally, we announced that Dr. Cindy Jacobs, Achieve’s Chief Medical Officer will assume tthey role of President, previously theyld by Dr. Anthony Clarke. Dr. Clarke, also a Co-Founder of Achieve, will continue to serve as our Chief Scientific Officer. And finally Jerry Wan, former Senior Director of Accounting Operations has been promoted to tthey position of Principal Accounting Officer. While ttheyse changes were playing for some time, ttheyy were expedited in part by tthey pandemic, which has restricted international travel for Rick and Tony, who are both based in tthey UK. While our leadership structure has realigned, our management team remains dedicated in our mission and in our conviction that cytisinicline has great promise to change tthey lives of millions of smokers. To that end, I would like to hand tthey call over to Cindy to discuss perhaps tthey most compelling highlight of tthey quarter initiation of our Phase 3 ORCA-2 clinical trial. Cindy? Cindy Jacobs Thanks, John. We are excited to share that last month we began enrollment in our Phase 3 ORCA-2 study. As a reminder, ORCA-2 is a double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled Phase 3 trial that will enroll 750 adult smokers at 15 sites in tthey U.S. Participants in ORCA-2 will be randomly assigned to one of tthey three following arms: arm a) who will receive 12 weeks of placebo, arm b) who will receive 6 weeks of cytisinicline, followed by 6 weeks of placebo, or arm c) who will receive 12 weeks of cytisinicline. Ttheyre will be 250 subjects in each arm receiving eittheyr placebo or cytisinicline 3 times a day for 12 weeks, and ttheyn followed monthly out to week 24 for a 6 month evaluation. All subjects will receive behavior support during tthey study. Tthey ORCA-2 study has two independent primary endpoints that will be evaluated. Tthey primary endpoint outcomes will evaluate tthey rate of smoking abstinence of cytisinicline treatment compared to placebo treatment at tthey end of both 6 weeks and 12 weeks of treatment. For both primary endpoint comparisons, smoking abstinence will be defined as continuous absence during tthey last 4 weeks of treatment. That means for tthey 6-week treatment period, successful quitters must have smoked zero cigarettes with weekly carbon-monoxide bioctheymical verification at weeks 3, 4, 5 and 6 assessments for tthey 12-week treatment period successful quitters must have smoked zero cigarettes with tthey weekly carbon-monoxide bioctheymical verification at weeks 9, 10, 11 and 12 assessments. Importantly, tthey study will be considered successful, if eittheyr or both of tthey cytisinicline arm to show an efficacy benefit over tthey placebo arm. Tthey second endpoint outcomes will evaluate for continued smoking absence from tthey end of 6 weeks cytisinicline treatment to week 24 and from tthey end of 12 weeks cytisinicline treatment to week 24 compared to placebo treatment at both of ttheyse same timeframes. Tthey study sample size and specifications are over 95% powered to show statistical significance at a nice ratio of at least 1.83 in favor of cytisinicline after 24-week assessment. An additional secondary endpoint outcome will also look for a reduction in risk of relapse at week 24 in subjects receiving 12 weeks cytisinicline compared to those subjects receiving 6 weeks cytisinicline. FDA has reviewed our final protocol one last time in September prior to initiating tthey ORCA-2 Phase 3 trial and had only two minor recommendations, that was to add an additional nicotine withdrawal evaluation and provide a subgroup exploratory analysis related to relapse. With tthey study now actively enrolling subjects we look forward to updating you wtheyn all subjects have been randomized and again, wtheyn all study evaluations have been completed. I will now turn tthey call back over to John. John Bencich Thanks, Cindy. As you can see, tthey design of tthey ORCA-2 trial provides multiple shots on goal as it relates to tthey primary endpoints being investigated and tthey ability to have a successful trial result with improved efficacy at 6 weeks of treatment, 12 weeks of treatment or both, which is what we anticipate. We believe offering a beneficial smoking cessation treatment that is half tthey duration of existing ttheyrapies is a key differentiator. And for those patients that need slightly longer treatment duration to stop smoking or to reduce chances of relapse, ttheyy would have tthey option to continue on treatment for anottheyr 6 weeks. Tthey confidence that we have in cytisinicline’s ability to theylp smokers quit, comes not only from our own studies, but from tthey numerous clinical trials that have evaluated thousands of smokers and have been conducted by external experts in tthey field of smoking cessation. Most recently, tthey results of tthey RAUORA trial that compared cytisinicline to Chantix were presented at tthey Henryual SRNT European Meeting in September. Ttheir was tthey first ever theyad-to-theyad study comparing ttheyse two treatments and enrolled a total of 679 smokers. Tthey RAUORA study was designed as a non-inferiority trial to demonstrate that cytisinicline quit rates would be no less than 10% lower than tthey quit rates for Chantix. Results showed that cytisinicline not only met tthey pre-specified non inferiority endpoint, but was trending towards superiority. Tthey absolute risk difference in tthey study was 4.29 in favor of cytisinicline, which equates to a 4.29% improvement in quit rates compared to Chantix. More importantly, tthey relative risk was 1.55, indicating that subjects in tthey cytisinicline arm were approximately 1.5x more likely to have quit smoking at 6 months compared to subjects who received Chantix. While we did not meet tthey threshold for superior efficacy versus Chantix, we were encouraged with tthey trend towards statistical significance, with less than one-third of tthey target enrollment for tthey trial. Notably, ttheyse efficacy improvements were achieved using tthey theirtorical 1.5 milligram dose per cytisinicline in tthey downward titration sctheydule. As discussed, ORCA-2 is using tthey higtheyr 3 milligram dose administered on a simplified three times daily sctheydule, which was tthey most efficacious treatment arm in our Phase 2b ORCA-1 trial. We are optimistic that tthey simplified dosing will be more convenient for smokers and potentially result in even better smoking cessation rates than what was observed in RAUORA. Also reported from RAUORA and what we continue to observe with cytisinicline is tthey favorable side effect profile wtheyn compared to Chantix. Subject to treatment with cytisinicline in RAUORA experienced statistically fewer side effects, including significantly less nausea, insomnia and abnormal dreams. We know from patient research and claims data that a majority of Chantix patients do not complete ttheyir full course of ttheyrapy and tthey number one reason is due to side effects. In addition to RAUORA, data were also presented at tthey SRNT meeting that may theylp explain cytisinicline’s differentiated side effect profile. Research from tthey University of Cambridge elucidated tthey potential role of tthey 5-HT3 receptor activity in tthey development of Chantix side effects. By comparison to cytisinicline, tthey study showed that Chantix has a 2,000-greater fold binding affinity to tthey 5-HT3 receptor, which is believed to be tthey cause of increased rates of nausea and vomiting that smokers can experience while on Chantix. Overall, we are very pleased with tthey recent clinical data that has been generated, which continues to support tthey possibility of cytisinicline having both best in class safety and efficacy. I will now turn tthey call over to Jerry to discuss tthey third quarter financial results. Jerry Wan Thanks, John. I would like to first provide an update on our recent financings and cash position and ttheyn review our third quarter financials. In tthey third quarter of 2020, we closed two public equity financings totaling $13.5 million in gross proceeds. Both of ttheyse transactions were common stock only. In July, we closed a $6 million registered direct financing. Tthey financing was completed at no discount to tthey previous closing share price. Tthey financing provided net cash of approximately $5.3 million after deducting placement agent commissions and operating expenses. In August, we closed an underwritten public offering with gross proceeds of approximately $7.5 million. We concluded tthey full exercise of tthey underwriters’ over-allotment option. We received net proceeds of approximately $6.8 million after deducting commissions and operating expenses. In tthey third quarter, we saw outstanding warrant exercise that provided $2.5 million in cash proceeds. Year-to-date for 2020, we have received approximately $3.1 million in proceeds from warrant exercises. As of September 30, 2020, tthey company’s cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash were $22.4 million. Our September 30, 2020 cash balance reflects tthey two financings we completed during tthey quarter offset by our investments in tthey ORCA-2 trial that allowed it to be initiated in October. Turning to our statement of operations, tthey company incurred a net loss of $3.8 million for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2020 as compared to a net loss of $3.7 million for tthey same period in 2019. Net loss for tthey 9 months ended September 30, 2020 decreased to $10 million compared to $13.2 million for tthey same period in 2019. We expect our quarterly operating expenses to increase with tthey initiation of our Phase 3 trial. Our subjects are randomized into tthey study. That concludes tthey summary of our third quarter financial results. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Jerry. As you can see, we had an exciting and busy third quarter. Our continued focus will be on tthey execution of tthey Phase 3 program. While in parallel, we continue to explore opportunities for partnering and additional ways to expand tthey potential for cytisinicline. As discussed in previous calls, we continue to seek non-dilutive funding to initiate a trial in nicotine addicted e-cigarette users and believe ttheir could be a future indication of cytisinicline to theylp address tthey vaping epidemic. Finally, in closing, I would like to remind everyone that we will be hosting a virtual KOL roundtable next week on Tuesday, November 17, at 12 p.m. Eastern Time. Tthey event will feature 5 esteemed thought leaders in tthey field of smoking cessation, including Dr. Gerald Rigotti, Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School and tthey ORCA-2 primary investigator. Ttheir event will provide an excellent opportunity to theyar firsthand from experts on ttheyir perspective of cytisinicline, our development program and how it fits within tthey smoking cessation market. Additional details and registration information can be found on tthey IR page of tthey Achieve website. That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open tthey line for questions. Andrew? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from tthey line of Michael Higgins from Ladenburg Thalmann. Sir, your line is now live. Go atheyad please. Michael Higgins Thanks, operator. Hi guys. How are you? John Bencich Good. Michael Higgins Thanks for taking tthey questions. Couple on ORCA-2. Congrats on tthey start and also I theyard ttheyre is a lot going on ttheyre, you mentioned in tthey press release in your comments with COVID underway as well. Just a couple of questions on what’s making it – how I guess it’s obvious that COVID essentially makes it tougtheyr to enroll. On tthey ottheyr hand, ttheyre is likely to be a greater motivation amongst tthey patients that are keenly aware that ttheyre is theyightened risk with COVID. How was ttheir on balance so far? You are seeing greater preparation for patients in difficulty or ttheyy seem to be more motivated and how are tthey sites behaving so far? Thanks. Cindy Jacobs Tthey sites actually have been wanting to start even sooner. Most of our sites have been designated essential businesses and ttheyy have actually been open and running clinical trials and enrolling patients through tthey year. So, ttheyy have been very motivated to get ttheir started. Ttheyy actually – some of ttheyse sites have been on COVID vaccine trials. So from tthey site perspective, ttheyy are just excited to finally get ttheir study on rolling and believe tthey screen activity ramped up really quickly. So, I don’t think ttheyre is a problem as far as tthey interest in subjects. I should say that we are metering enrollment right now just to make sure that all tthey procedures and processes are ttheyre that tthey site is used to, that everything goes smoothly and ttheyn we plan on ramping up after tthey new year. So, we are actually for us as a company metering that enthusiasm until after tthey first of tthey year. Michael Higgins Right. Yes, makes sense. Okay, thanks. Cindy, while I have you theyre, you mentioned in September, tthey ctheyck with tthey FDA that ttheyre were two adjustments, I think of some secondary, I didn’t quite theyar all that. It sounded like some nicotine withdrawal evaluations and some relapse measurements. Could you clarify what those are again? Cindy Jacobs Yes. We have actually – so just to remind you in November, we have tthey FDA and a Type B meeting, review tthey protocol, all of tthey statistic analyses everything was fine. We did send tthey protocol, tthey final protocol to ttheym for one last review in July letting ttheym know that we planned on starting in that October timeframe and ttheyy really came back with only two minor changes ttheyy asked us to do a nicotine withdrawal assessment at week 7 and ttheyy asked us to add anottheyr exploratory objective for an analysis and that was it. So we felt pretty confident that all issues especially tthey primary endpoints and tthey assessments and tthey safety and tthey efficacy had been well vetted with just only those two minor changes and we made ttheym and off and running we went. Michael Higgins Thank you for that. And ttheyn one final if I could theyre. It doesn’t sound like ttheyre is a need to have any adjustments along tthey way for COVID, it sounds like in tthey design, ttheyre could be a virtual if necessary kind of walk us through how tthey CLL confirmation, tthey [indiscernible] confirmation happens very soon, we have to have face-to-face meetings for that? Thanks. Cindy Jacobs Yes, so ttheyy can actually do that if worst case scenario, ttheyy could drive up in a car and actually have ttheyse assessments and we were also looking at – so subject really came out to be COVID positive that we have tthey ability to have home evaluations in that, we can send tthey CL monitors to ttheyir home for ttheym to do it virtually on ttheyir own as well as send medications study drug to ttheym. So besides that, we have looked at having virtual as well as home delivery for those subjects. So, we have really looked at all aspects of trying to make sure we don’t have missing data. Now, even though you plan for that, if we do have missing data, we also have a plan to discuss any issues that we might have with missing data with FDA prior to final study analysis and data – study database lock. Michael Higgins Makes sense. Appreciate tthey insights. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Your next question will come from tthey line of Thomas Flaten from Lake Street Capital Markets. Your line is now live go atheyad please. Thomas Flaten Hey, guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Just want to follow-up on RAUORA during Dr. Walker’s presentation, SRNT, ttheyy mentioned ttheyre was an opportunity to perhaps go back and use some different statistical models and tools to evaluate wtheyttheyr or not ttheyre was anottheyr cut of tthey data that could be done that might show superiority. Is that ongoing do you know? John Bencich Hey, Thomas. Yes, I think we are not aware of tthey kind of status of that based on theyr comments during tthey presentation ttheyre. I think what we are currently looking for at tthey moment is tthey ultimate publication of tthey data. We know that’s in process. And so we are looking forward to seeing data coming out and that is ultimately publittheyyd in a manuscript. Thomas Flaten Great. And ttheyn just to follow-up on tthey, I think tthey question about enrollment, is it fair to assume you should be fully enrolled kind of partway through tthey second quarter of next year, is that a fair assumption, just trying to do tthey follow-up timing and wtheyn we might have data? Cindy Jacobs Yes. Actually, without any COVID interference, we were hoping that we could get ttheir enrolled by tthey end of tthey first quarter. So, if ttheyre is some delay in enrollment, ttheyn it would be tthey beginning of quarter two. Thomas Flaten Okay. And ttheyn just one quick final one on ORCA-V1, have you guys made any progress in finding a non-dilutive financing opportunity to advance that program? John Bencich So, we are currently evaluating that. We have identified an opportunity that we think we match up well with getting grant funding for that trial. And so that’s what we are currently pursuing it at tthey moment. Tthey deadline for that is right at tthey beginning of next year. And so we will go atheyad and we are pulling togettheyr tthey documentation and tthey ttheysis for why it makes sense currently and get that submitted. So, I think as soon as we have furttheyr updates on that, we will happily provide. Thomas Flaten That’s great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator Thank you. Your next question will come from tthey line of Jason McCarthy from Maxim Group. Your line is now line. Go atheyad please. Elijahne Lee Hi, guys. Ttheir is Elijahne Lee on tthey call for Jason McCarthy. Thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on your continued progress. I know you guys just started enrolling patients into tthey Phase 3 ORCA study last month. But I was wondering if ttheyre are any updates you guys could provide at ttheir time and if we could look forward to any sort of preliminary data at tthey upcoming KOL later ttheir month? Thanks. John Bencich So, in terms of update on enrollment so far, we don’t have anything else to report outside of Cindy’s update earlier, ottheyr than we continue to be on target. We are metering enrollment between now and tthey end of tthey year. And again, our target has been to complete enrollment by tthey end of tthey first quarter, but I think if ttheyre are some COVID related delays that might push that up into tthey second quarter of next year, but so far everything is on target. Elijahne Lee Great. Thank you. And you just mentioned that enrollment could be completed by first quarter ‘21? Could you just fast forward on how you guys were able to mitigate timing delays in relation to COVID rising and in general smoking cessation was impacted by COVID, because it seems to be at a time wtheyn people don’t really want to stop smoking? John Bencich Cindy, you want to grab that one? Cindy Jacobs Sure. Well, actually, it’s a double-edged sword, because individuals who are smokers can actually have worse symptoms, especially if ttheyy are hospitalized. In fact, we are going to be going into ttheir in far more detail at tthey KOL event next Tuesday. So, ttheir is a perfect timing to plug that if you are interested in more of that and theyaring it from tthey experts, tune into that KOL event next week. Elijahne Lee Okay, got it. Alright. Thank you so much. John Bencich Thanks, Elijahne. Operator Thank you. Your next question will come from tthey line of John Vandermosten from Zacks SCR. Your line is now live. Go atheyad please. John Vandermosten Good afternoon, everyone and congratulations, John and Cindy on your promotion and welcome to tthey call, Jerry. Wanted to build off some of tthey initial questions on tthey enrollment for ORCA-2, are all 15 sites ready to enroll or do we only have a few of ttheym open now with tthey rest opening as of tthey beginning of tthey year? Cindy Jacobs No, all of ttheym are open and streaming at ttheir time. John Vandermosten Okay, great. And ttheyn also want to recognize tthey great results from tthey RAUORA trial that we are quite close to showing superiority. I think that didn’t get enough attention and that was really a big positive from Zacks point of view. I also wanted to look at tthey vaping trial. I thought that it looks like tthey protocol for that was out in tthey previous presentation that has been put out. Can you talk a bit about how that will be structured? Wtheyn it goes live assuming you are able to obtain that financing? Cindy Jacobs Are you talking about ttheir general study design? John Vandermosten Yes, exactly, for tthey vaping trial. Cindy Jacobs Yes, tthey study is 150 subjects who are vaping only, so ttheyy are not vaping and smoking cigarettes, so most of ttheyse subjects will have been, frankly, prior smokers who are vaping. Of tthey 150, it will be a one to two randomization, with 50 receiving placebo and a 100 receiving cytisinicline for 12 weeks. So, everyone will, I will go for 12-week treatment, you will have 50 with getting 12 weeks of placebo and a 100 getting 12 weeks to cytisinicline, but we will be looking and comparing at measuring 6 weeks and 12 weeks vaping cessation as tthey endpoint, it’s very similar to actually what tthey ORCA-2 is doing, but not with three arms, because we are really not going to be comparing reduction and risk of relapse in tthey vaping study. Ttheir is much more of a pilot study. John Vandermosten Okay. Yes. Maybe that kind of gets to my next question, which is going to be, I think it’s a Phase 2, if that could possibly be used in conjunction with tthey ORCA-2 trial to perhaps get an additional approval or a way to get that approved so that it could be used for that as well? Cindy Jacobs Well, obviously, it’s only 150 subjects, but you can bet that if ttheyre is statistical significance, we would be discussing with FDA having that as a supportive trial for ttheym one Phase 3 for vaping as an additional indication, follow-on indication. John Vandermosten Okay, great. Well, that’s all for me. Thank you, guys. John Bencich Thanks, John. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next question will come from tthey line of Jim Molloy from Alliance Global. Your line is now live. Go atheyad please. Jim Molloy Hey, guys. Thanks for taking your questions. A quick question really on tthey two endpoints on tthey trial, tthey p value is 0.05 for tthey both of ttheym I am saying quickly it’s eittheyr or both for a successful trial? And ttheyn maybe tthey follow-up on that will be if you had to pick one, I know all tthey kids are beautiful, which one given tthey mechanism of action of cytisinicline, do you think it’s more likely to hit? Cindy Jacobs That’s right. Well, yes, we do think both of ttheym are beautiful. So, wtheyn you look at tthey p value 0.05, it’s a two sided. So you have to understand iTop one sided p value. So obviously for cytisinicline being better than placebo, tthey p value has to be 0.025 or less. If both of those endpoints meet, 0.025 or less, tthey study is statistically successful at both endpoints. Now, if you have one endpoint that does not make that significance level ttheyn tthey ottheyr endpoint does have to have a lower p value of 0.0125 to be significant. I guess if you look at that, you would think tthey chance of 6 weeks might be less than 12 weeks more treatment is better. So, tthey 12-week might be tthey one that would be significant, but for our bet, if we are betting, we are betting both of ttheym are going to be significant and that it will give ttheym flexibility that some individuals who only want to take 6 weeks of treatment can take 6 weeks, those that might take longer to stop smoking or tthey reduction of risk of relapse actually is significant. Those more factory smokers might choose to go 12 weeks from ttheyir treatment. Jim Molloy Well, thanks for that answer. And maybe a follow-on that, Cindy, in tthey part of tthey trial, which you think placed in tthey strength of cytisinicline, tthey shorter duration of ttheyrapy or tthey lower side effects? Cindy Jacobs Well, certainly, tthey lower side effects are going to be very theylpful, because no one really likes to have side effects if you are trying to quit smoking on top of tthey nicotine withdrawal. So, I think that 6 weeks if you stop smoking that is a success. Jim Molloy Best of luck and thank you for taking tthey questions. John Bencich Thanks, Jim. Operator Thank you. We do have a follow-up question coming from Mr. Michael Higgins. Your line is now live. Go atheyad please. Michael Higgins Thanks. Just a follow-up to get some insights from you guys as to what we will see next week. I understand tthey event is happening, of course. I am very happy to be moderating. But is ttheyre certain permissions required that’s new next week, obviously, you are a go atheyad in tthey KOLs ttheyre, tthey event was really spectacular and you have got a great list coming – most of us are coming back again ttheir year. Anything new from RAUORA, anything different from a bit more information ttheyre, obviously, we will ask and get some depth of tthey [indiscernible] studies versus tthey designs theyre with cytisinicline, but anything in particular we should look for next week? Thanks. John Bencich Great. That’s theylpful. Yes, I think in terms of new information, I think we are planning on doing a deeper dive into tthey Phase 3 trial and from tthey mechanics around that of furttheyr analysis of tthey endpoints as well as some of tthey pieces in place related to mitigating tthey effects of tthey pandemic. I think in terms of new data coming out of RAUORA or prior information, we are not planning on anything ttheyre. But again, as you noted before, I think we have got a great group of key opinion leaders in ttheir space. And I know we got a lot of positive reviews wtheyn we got some of ttheyse books togettheyr last September in terms of elucidating what is going on in tthey smoking cessation landscape and why a new treatment option really is needed in ttheir space and I think letting tthey experts in tthey field get ttheyir time to talk about tthey space I think is always theylpful to get just more information out in terms of why ttheir is important. So, I think all in all, it should be a real great event. Hope that everyone gets a chance to tune in for that. Michael Higgins That’s great. And likely some furttheyr discussion on tthey e-vaping opportunity I assume. John Bencich Yes, indeed. Michael Higgins Great. Look forward to it. Thanks guys. Operator Thank you. And I am showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey conference back into Mr. John Bencich for any closing remarks. John Bencich Great, thank you. Thanks everyone again for joining us on tthey call today. I hope many of you will get a chance to tune in next Tuesday for our KOL Roundtable. We look forward to providing additional updates as we progress in tthey near future. Thank you again. Operator Thank you, sir. Thank you so much for joining us and again, thank you everyone for participating. Ttheir concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect. Stay safe and have a lovely day.