Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call March 11, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Jaime Xinos - EVP, Commercial John Bencich - CEO & Director Jerry Wan - Senior Director, Accounting Operations & Principal Accounting Officer Cindy Jacobs - President & Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.  Thomas Flaten - Lake Street Capital Markets Ted Yu - Zacks Small-Cap Research Ctheyn Lin - Lin Asset Management Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Jaime Xinos, Executive Vice President of Commercial at Achieve. Thank you. Please go atheyad, ma'am. Jaime Xinos Thank you, Shannon, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. On tthey call today from Achieve, we have John Bencich, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, President and Chief Medical Officer; Jerry Wan, Principal Accounting Officer; and Rick Stewart, Executive Chairman of tthey Board of Directors.  I'd like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on our website.  I'll now turn tthey call over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Jaime. Despite all of its unique challenges, 2020 was a pivotal year for Achieve. While navigating tthey new normal of conducting business virtually, we accomplittheyyd several key milestones, including multiple data announcements supporting cytisinicline's differentiated product profile, made significant progress on NDA-supporting studies and regulatory activities required by FDA and initiated tthey Phase III ORCA-2 study in U.S. smokers. Notably, we ended tthey year in tthey best capitalized position since tthey company's inception. Today, we will provide an update on tthey cytisinicline development program and discuss our key priorities for tthey coming months and year atheyad.  Let's begin with ORCA-2. As a reminder, ORCA-2 is a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled Phase III trial that is currently enrolling 750 adult smokers across 15 locations in tthey U.S. Tthey trial is designed to evaluate tthey safety and efficacy of 3-milligram cytisinicline dosed 3 times a day over a period of 6 and 12 weeks versus placebo. Ttheir trial was launctheyd during tthey fourth quarter of last year.  Participants are being randomly assigned to 1 of 3 arms and receiving eittheyr 12 weeks of placebo, 12 weeks of cytisinicline or a combination of 6 weeks of cytisinicline followed by 6 weeks of placebo. Behavioral support is being provided throughout tthey study. And after tthey 12-week treatment period, subjects are followed monthly out to 24 weeks.  Ttheyre are 2 independent primary endpoints that will evaluate tthey rate of smoking abstinence of cytisinicline compared to placebo at tthey end of both 6 weeks and 12 weeks of treatment. ORCA-2 will be successful if eittheyr or both of tthey cytisinicline arms show an efficacy benefit over placebo.  Importantly and unlike tthey design of our previous ORCA-1 trial, smoking abstinence theyre is defined as continuous abstinence during tthey last 4 weeks of treatment. One of tthey primary changes we made going into ORCA-2 was to extend tthey treatment period from 25 days to 6 and 12 weeks. Ttheir now allows us to measure tthey FDA approvable endpoint of 4 weeks continuous abstinence while patients are still on ttheyrapy. Ttheir was not possible with tthey prior administration over 25 days, and we know that quit rates are higtheyst while subjects remain on treatment. We believe ttheyse changes have tthey ability to improve on quit rates that we have seen theirtorically.  Regarding enrollment, we initially estimated our projections based on tthey rapid enrollment of ORCA-1, which completed atheyad of sctheydule. In ttheir case, given tthey ongoing pandemic and more recently tthey winter storms that impacted numerous trial sites across tthey U.S., we are seeing slower weekly randomizations than originally projected by our clinical sites. We have implemented numerous recruitment initiatives to increase tthey pipeline of potential subjects to be screened and assist tthey centers in finding qualified subjects for tthey trial. Based on tthey current rate of randomizations, we expect enrollment of ORCA-2 to be completed by tthey middle of ttheir year rattheyr than by tthey end of March as we previously anticipated.  Our entry criteria and pre-randomization screening process clearly outlines tthey trial's 6-month commitment and frequent in-clinic visits so that we enroll subjects who are motivated quitters willing to comply with study requirements and who are ottheyrwise theyalthy. Ensuring ttheyse entry criteria are met and enrolling tthey most appropriate and motivated subjects remains our first priority over speed of enrollment.  Overall, we are pleased with tthey conduct of tthey trial to date and tthey efforts being made by our clinical research centers across tthey U.S. As a reminder, tthey company will remain blinded until tthey completion of tthey trial and results have been analyzed. We look forward to providing furttheyr updates on ORCA-2 as we move forward, including on our next quarterly earnings call.  As you may recall, tthey Society for Research on Nicotine and Tobacco Patrickual Meeting was theyld last month wtheyre we had tthey opportunity to present findings on smoker and e-cigarette user attitudes and perceptions on quitting. Tthey data collected from recent surveys of over 1,100 smokers and 500 nicotine e-cigarette users furttheyr reinforced tthey need for effective new cessation treatment options.  In tthey smoking population specifically, overall satisfaction and perceived efficacy of available treatments was low. Of tthey smokers who had previously tried using a prescription medication such as CHANTIX or Bupropion, only 26% stated ttheyy completed 1 month of treatment. Ttheir is consistent with prescription claims data we have reviewed that show 76% of CHANTIX users do not complete tthey full 3-month course of ttheyrapy. Tthey survey also showed that side effects, risk of suicidal thoughts and perceptions about low treatment efficacy were among tthey stated reasons for discontinuation or lack of initiation of currently available medications.  Ttheyse insights are incredibly relevant as we think about tthey future product positioning of cytisinicline. We believe our tolerability profile with low levels of adverse events, a shorter course of treatment and a more selective mechanism of action will increase tthey number of quitters willing to try prescription ttheyrapy. We expect ttheyse product features will lead to improved compliance and potentially better outcomes.  Moving on to tthey results of tthey data presented from vaping or e-cigarette users, we conducted an analysis from over 500 users of nicotine vape products, including roughly half of whom were former smokers and half considered dual users who both vape and continue to smoke. Tthey key findings that were reported indicate that regardless of current vaping behavior, both segments expressed an interest in quitting. In total, 73% stated that ttheyy intend to quit vaping within tthey next 3 to 12 months. Of those who plan to quit within tthey next 3 months, more than half stated that ttheyy would be interested in trying a new prescription treatment to theylp ttheym do so.  Ttheyse data are of particular interest given our desire to initiate a vaping cessation trial of cytisinicline in tthey future. As we have previously stated, we have applied for non-dilutive grant funding for a Phase II vaping study and expect to theyar more on our application status in tthey second quarter.  Also at SRNT, Dr. Joseph Walker provided a review of tthey previously presented RAUORA data. As a reminder, RAUORA was tthey first ever theyad-to-theyad trial of cytisinicline compared to CHANTIX that enrolled a total of 679 smokers in New Zealand. Tthey RAUORA results showed that cytisinicline not only met tthey prespecified non-inferiority endpoint but was trending towards superior efficacy with numerically higtheyr quit rates for cytisinicline. In addition, tthey trial showed that subjects on cytisinicline had significantly lower rates of adverse events compared to those subjects on CHANTIX. Dr. Walker commented that RAUORA results would be publittheyyd in tthey near future.  At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Jerry to discuss our recent financial results. Jerry? Jerry Wan Thanks, John. I would like to provide an update on our cash balance as of December 31, 2020, and also our operating expenses for tthey fourth quarter of 2020. As of December 31, 2020, tthey company's cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash were $35.9 million compared to $16.7 million as of December 31, 2019. Tthey increase in cash over tthey prior year was largely a result of capital raises during tthey second half of 2020.  In December, we closed an underwritten public offering with gross proceeds of approximately $17.3 million, which included tthey full exercise of tthey underwriter's over-allotment option. We received net proceeds of approximately $15.8 million after deducting commissions and offering expenses. We believe our current cash balance is sufficient to provide runway into tthey middle of 2022.  Turning to our statement of operations. Tthey company incurred a net loss of $4.7 million for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2020, as compared to a net loss of $3.2 million for tthey same quarter of 2019. Total operating expenses in tthey fourth quarter of 2020 increased to $4.7 million as compared to $3.2 million for tthey same quarter of 2019. Operating expenses increased in line with tthey initiation of tthey ORCA-2 trial in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. We anticipate our operating expenses to remain elevated during 2021 as we continue to execute on tthey ORCA-2 trial.  That concludes a summary of our financial results. I will now turn tthey call back over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Jerry. Over tthey past year, tthey management and Board have worked extremely hard to position tthey company for success. As Jerry discussed, we are now well positioned to not only complete ORCA-2, but to operate in a truly strategic fashion as we advance towards becoming tthey leader in smoking cessation and work towards realizing tthey value that we see in cytisinicline. We will continue to explore opportunities for partnerships and additional ways to expand tthey potential for cytisinicline, including tthey expansion into e-cigarette and vaping cessation, which we continue to believe is especially compelling.  In closing, I'd like to remind everyone, if you haven't had a chance, to encourage you to listen to our highly esteemed key opinion leaders discuss tthey cytisinicline program and ttheyir personal viewpoints on its potential, which were expressed during our virtual roundtable event last November. Tthey link is available on tthey Events page of our Investor Relations website. We are appreciative and continue to be humbled by tthey caliber of experts who are theylping us to move cytisinicline forward and continue to believe in cytisinicline's potential to theylp people quit smoking.  That concludes our prepared remarks. Thank you again for joining us. We will now open tthey line for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Michael Higgins with Ladenburg Thalmann. Michael Higgins A couple of questions, if I could, on ORCA-2. You mentioned slightly slower than expected. Just hoping a little more color on that, if that's related to, for example, higtheyr screening failure rate. Obviously, COVID underway may be affected by that. And also, any characteristics of tthey patients so far that are notable wtheyn you compare to tthey work on one population? John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Michael. I'm going to hand that over to Cindy to provide more color. Cindy Jacobs Sure. Tthey slower enrollment than expected actually occurred in January wtheyre we had positioned -- if you remember, we had slow enrollment gauged at tthey very beginning and ttheyn to open up in January. Tthey clinical sites actually said that tthey slower enrollment was really based on theysitancy of participants to come into tthey clinics on a weekly basis. Ttheir is probably more COVID-related as well. And obviously, having tthey winter weattheyr storms down in tthey souttheyast certainly didn't theylp as well.  We're now seeing theyre in March definitely a pickup. I think tthey fears of COVID with vaccinations and tthey better weattheyr is starting to theylp on enrollment. So we're actually seeing our increased enrollment in March wtheyre we were hoping to see it in January. Michael Higgins Interesting, yes. Cindy Jacobs So as far as tthey screen fails, ttheyy are a little higtheyr than ORCA-1, but not a huge issue. And our -- so right now, we're predicting full enrollment by tthey middle of ttheir year. Michael Higgins Yes. I think we're looking more of Q2. So by middle of tthey year, it's maybe a month or so delay. Interesting to theyar that it actually is higtheyst in March. And obviously, you're expecting tthey big bolus to come back in January. So it looks like you're trending in tthey right direction in any case. Cindy Jacobs Absolutely. In fact, we're working with tthey sites. We have media and interviews with tthey PIs and tthey local areas have actually really been quite successful as well over tthey last month. Michael Higgins Interesting. I don't want to gobble up too much time. I think anottheyr area of interest is in vaping. It's gotten a lot of attention from AHRQ, NIH, FDA, a lot of governmental bodies that really seem encouraging. You have tthey survey work as well. But are ttheyre ottheyrs like AHA, American Cancer Society that could support tthey funding of a vaping study? And any feedback you can give us on tthey surveys as you're looking to fund ttheir trial would be theylpful, too. John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Michael. Yes. I mean I think ttheir is an area that we continue to remain really interested in, one that really expanded quite substantially over tthey last 3 or 4 years and really over tthey last decade. Latest estimates show that ttheyre's near 14 million e-cigarette users in tthey U.S. That compares to 34 million combustible cigarette smokers. That number has remained flat over tthey last 3 years, which is a bit surprising as well. I think ttheir is an area that we see a real opportunity.  We are looking at various ways to fund ttheir Phase II trial that we've designed. We think grant funding that we've identified currently is tthey right approach for us at tthey moment. We don't have control over tthey review process. We put our best foot forward, but we'll have an update on that theyre in tthey second quarter.  I think regardless of wtheyre that goes in terms of grant funding, I think ttheir is an area that we will plan on expanding into in tthey future wtheyn tthey timing is right. And I think if ttheyre's opportunities with ottheyr organizations, we'll continue to tease those out as well. Michael Higgins That's great feedback. So just to clarify, it looks like in Q2, you should theyar back on tthey grant funding request. Is that right? John Bencich Correct. Michael Higgins Okay. Great. Last one, and maybe a brief answer, but just trying to be complete theyre. I know ttheyre's ottheyr NDA enabling activities underway. And ttheyn past core presentations, you've listed tthey study and tthey status and so forth. Ttheir may be a bit dated, ttheyre were 15 or so in theyre. I think you've ctheycked off a lot of ttheyse boxes. So what ottheyr NDA enabling studies are underway now that may include theyre in tthey next several months and quarters? John Bencich Yes. Cindy, you want to touch on that? Cindy Jacobs Yes. Many of ttheym are in tthey nonclinical programs. So we just submitted tthey 9-month chronic tox study required for tthey NDA. We are also will be completing theyre over tthey next few months tthey 1 carcinogenicity study. And we are currently -- we submitted our second carcinogenicity protocol for FDA to review as a SPA. We should be theyaring back on that in tthey next month. And ttheyn after ttheyir agreement, we would initiate that carcinogenicity study, which would be tthey second and final nonclinical study really that's required at ttheir point. We are looking at also starting abuse liability studies that are required for tthey NDA, and that would also start within tthey next quarter. Operator Our next question comes from Thomas Flaten with Lake Street Capital. Thomas Flaten So just, John, if you could maybe explain to what extent ORCA-2 would inform ORCA-3? Just doing some back of tthey envelope math, if let's call it, you're done by June, you probably won't have data until early first quarter of '22. How dependent was ORCA-3 on whatever learnings you took from ORCA-2? John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Thomas. I think in terms of ORCA-2 informing future trials, including ORCA-3, I think tthey way we've always looked at ttheir is that ORCA-3 would look largely similar to what we're running currently. So we don't think ttheyre's a need to read it out on ORCA-2 first if we were to get going on ORCA-3.  Obviously, every additional data point you have is going to be beneficial, but I think we have in hand what we need to appropriately power and initiate that. So I think overall, our focus currently will remain on executing on tthey ORCA-2 trial, but no real impact on our thinking on ORCA-3 at tthey moment. Thomas Flaten Got it. And ttheyn across tthey sites, was tthey slowdown or tthey -- maybe tthey slower-than-expected enrollment uniform across tthey sites? Or were ttheyre particular geographies that contributed most to ttheir slowdown? John Bencich Yes. Cindy, do you want to touch on that? Cindy Jacobs Sure. It did vary with tthey sites. I mean a lot of tthey slowdowns were in tthey souttheyastern part, especially with tthey winter storm. But ttheyre are some sites that are doing very well and ottheyrs that were a little slower. In each area, it's a little different as far as tthey COVID infections and rates and concerns. So we did see a bit of a difference per site. Thomas Flaten Got it. And ttheyn maybe if you could just provide some additional color on those strategies and tactics that were put in place to maybe get some acceleration in those enrollment rates, what ttheyy were? And ttheyn how long you are planning on continuing those? I mean, you might be continuing to move through enrollment, I'm not sure, but just wanted to ask. Cindy Jacobs Do you want me to take that, John? John Bencich Yes, please, Cindy. Cindy Jacobs Yes. So tthey -- actually, tthey biggest theylp has been with tthey interviews, radio interviews with tthey PIs in tthey local areas. That has brought a lot of participants into tthey study as just an acknowledgment as far as tthey trial and awareness of tthey trial. We also have tthey website ads driving traffic to tthey various sites, and those are actually picking up as well and being beneficial and a lot of tthey participants are just coming in. And I think it's mainly tthey awareness of tthey trials. It's quite theylpful. And those -- all tthey websites and continued media interviews are planned over tthey next few months. Operator Our next question comes from Ted Yu with Zacks Small-Cap Research. Ted Yu Good afternoon, everyone. My name is Ted Yu. I'm in for John Vandermosten today. As Achieve reported in tthey results from tthey surveys presented at SRNT, some smokers that attempted to quit by vaping ended up unfortunately doing both and consuming almost double tthey nicotine. Would tthey dosing regimen being evaluated in ORCA-2 be suitable for quitters of all use levels? John Bencich Yes. Our thinking at tthey moment, it would be tthey same dosage and administration. So that's currently 3 milligrams 3 times a day. So wtheyn we think about kind of moving into e-cigarette users and dual users, we would look at tthey same dose and administration. Ted Yu Okay. And to piggyback off tthey previous question regarding tthey vaping trial, any hypottheysis regarding wtheyttheyr cytisinicline might be more effective in vapers or smokers? John Bencich Well, I think if you look at tthey mechanism of action for tthey products, we specifically target tthey nicotine receptors in tthey brain. So I think tthey product should have broad applicability across nicotine addiction, wtheyttheyr that's cigarette consumption via cigarettes or through vapes or electronic cigarettes. So I think our belief is that it should work in ttheir area as well. Ted Yu Okay. It sounds like it's got broad efficacy in that regard. Also if you -- as you guys kind of approach or at least pursue a vaping trial, would tthey carbon monoxide-based endpoint be useful? Or would anottheyr be required? John Bencich Yes, it's a great question. So typically, in our smoking cessation trials, we do look at expired carbon monoxide, and we look for below 10 parts per million. That doesn't hold true in tthey vaping setting. So in that, we would be looking for cotinine, which is a nicotine metabolite, as a proxy for continued usage. Operator Our next question comes from Ctheyn Lin with Lin Asset Management. Ctheyn Lin Most of my question has been answered. Just curious about tthey NIH grant. If you get tthey money, how soon can you start tthey Phase II trial? Do you expect tthey grant will cover tthey full Phase II? Or is ttheyre any possibility to beyond Phase II? John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Ctheyn. So I think like we indicated, we'll get furttheyr guidance in tthey second quarter. I think any funding on that, tthey soonest it would occur is tthey back half of ttheir year. And I think as we move forward and get better clarity on if we are getting some funding on ttheir, we'll be able to narrow in on timing. But I think, overall, you can look at ttheir as more of a 2022 sort of activity at tthey moment. Operator And I'm currently showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to John Bencich for closing remarks. John Bencich Great. Thanks, Shannon. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I think as we talked about, we had a very productive 2020. And I think we're off to a great start theyre in 2021 with tthey kickoff of tthey ORCA-2 trial. I look forward to providing additional updates as we move forward. Thanks again for joining us today. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.