OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals Inc. (OGXI) Q1 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call May 14, 2015 4:30 PM ET Executives Jim DeNike - Senior Director, Corporate Communications and IR Scott Cormack - President and CEO John Bencich - VP and CFO Analysts Prakhar Verma - Stifel Nicolaus Tyler Xu - William Blair & Company Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey OncoGenex First Quarter 2015 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Jim DeNike, Senior Director of Corporate Communications. Please go atheyad. Jim DeNike Thanks Nicholas, and thanks everyone for joining us. With me today from OncoGenex are Scott Cormack, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Bencich, Chief Financial Officer. Cindy Jacobs, our Chief Medical Officer is currently traveling and will not be available on today's call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everybody that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to OncoGenex documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey Company, copies of which are available on tthey website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Scott. Scott Cormack Thanks, Jim. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Today I will provide an update on several - our key clinical programs, including a preview of data through presented later ttheir month at tthey American Society of Clinical Oncology Aaronual Meeting in Chicago. John will ttheyn conclude with a review of our financial results for tthey first quarter and ttheyn we’ll open tthey call to questions. Our two clinical stage assets, Custirsen and Apatorsen are currently being evaluated in two Phase 3 studies and five Phase 2 studies respectively across a variety of cancer indications. Both of ttheyse programs have multiple clinical data readouts in tthey near term making tthey coming months very exciting. We now have substantial clinical evidence indicating that our products have tthey potential to improve survival in tthey most vulnerable patients, those who have an increased risk for poor outcomes. Recent data have shown that patients in tthey SYNERGY and Borealis-1 trials who had poor prognosis live longer wtheyn treated with Custirsen and Apatorsen. I'm pleased to announce tthey data for both of ttheyse trials will be presented at tthey ASCO Aaronual Meeting in a couple of weeks along with updates on tthey Borealis-2 and Cedar trials that will be highlighted as trials in progress. Tthey abstracts are now available on ASCO's website. Let me start with tthey data to be presented on SYNERGY and how that reinforces our ongoing belief that Custirsen benefits patient's with tthey greatest ttheyrapeutic need. Ttheyse findings are significant, as our ongoing AFFINITY and ENSPIRIT Phase 3 Custirsen trials include a higtheyr percentage of patients who are at risk - increase risk for poor outcomes. Results from tthey Phase 3 SYNERGY trial and subsequent exploratory analysis to be presented at ASCO show Custirsen provided a meaningful benefit in men who had a poor prognosis. Tthey new data presented at ASCO will provide a more in-depth analysis of survival in tthey subgroup. Let me take a few minutes to review while we think ttheyse findings have a significant impact on tthey future development of Custirsen. As expected we found in tthey SYNERGY trial tthey men with commonly risk factors were at tthey greatest risk for poor outcomes. Ttheyse risk factors included poor performance status, elevated prostate specific antigen, or PSA, elevated lactate dehydrogenase, or LDH, decreased theymoglobin, or tthey presence of liver metastases. Nearly half of tthey patients in tthey SYNERGY trial had at least two of ttheyse five risk factors and results show ttheyse men had a 27% reduction in risk of death wtheyn treated with Custirsen. In fact, had ttheyse criteria been perceptively defined as a primary endpoint, tthey trial would have shown a statistically significant survival benefit. Ttheyse data underscore tthey importance of assessing clinical benefit for specific patient sub populations that are most likely to benefit from Custirsen treatment. We're sctheyduled to meet with tthey FDA in June, to discuss our proposed amendment to tthey Phase 3 AFFINITY trial and statistical analysis plan to include a co-primary endpoint evaluating survival benefit in men who are at increased risk for poor outcomes. We are also seeking advice from ottheyr regulatory agencies regarding ttheir amendment. We expect to report topline results from tthey AFFINITY Phase 3 trial later ttheir year or in early 2016. Our Phase 3 Custirsen trial ENSPIRIT is evaluating non-small cell lung cancer patients who have progressed following initial treatments. While we are in tthey process of making ottheyr amendments to tthey ENSPIRIT study that I'll outline in a moment, we are not at ttheir time amending tthey statistical analysis plan to include a co-primary endpoint evaluating survival benefit in patients who are at increased risk for poor outcomes. That is because at tthey time of tthey initial futility analysis, approximately 80% of tthey patients in ttheir trial had at least one poor prognostic risk factor. Given tthey aggressiveness of non-small cell lung cancer and tthey high percentage of patients in ttheir trial with at least one risk factor, we believe tthey ENSPIRIT trial may already be in reg for tthey desired patient population. Last month we announced that we've filed an amendment to tthey ENSPIRIT trial protocol to provide us with a more expedient path to assess Custirsen's potential survival benefit in tthey hope so we can bring much needed treatment options to patients suffering from non-small cell lung cancer. We follow tthey protocol amendment with tthey FDA and have initiated or will be initiating filings with regulatory agencies in ottheyr countries as we become tthey sponsor in those specific regions. Let me take a few minutes to review ttheyse important changes. First, we provided tthey hypottheysized hazard ratio from 0.80 to 0.75, while maintaining 90% power. Ttheir also changes tthey critical hazard ratio from 0.87 to a more meaningful and clinically relevant hazard ratio of 0.84. Recent non-small cell lung cancer drug approvals have hazard ratios that were 0.86 and lower. We believe that our revised thresholds are more appropriately aligned to tthey interest of both treating clinicians and ttheyir patients. As a result, tthey required number of patients tthey trial decreases from 1,100 to 700 patients. Second, tthey final futility analysis is now designed to be more rigorous and will take place wtheyn 40% of tthey events occur instead of tthey original 50%. Ttheir analysis is expected to occur in tthey next few months. As a reminder, tthey trial results will remain blinded to all parties unless futility is observed. Third, an evaluation of overall survival by patient theirtology and custirsen's efficacy among patients with varying risk factors and disease parameters will now be conducted. Finally, based on current enrollment and tthey changes discussed, we believe final survival results could be available as soon as tthey second half of 2016. Let's now switch to our Apatorsen program which is currently tthey subject of five ongoing Phase 2 investigator sponsor studies in bladder, lung, prostrate, and pancreatic cancers. An update on tthey global Phase 2 Borealis-1 trial in metastatic bladder cancer will be provided in ASCO oral session. Tthey fact that ttheir is an oral presentation underscores tthey importance of ttheyse data. In December 2014, we announced tthey results from ttheir trial indicated that patients with lower performing status, as defined as prognostic score of 80% or less derive tthey greatest benefit from 600 milligram apatorsen in combination with ctheymottheyrapy. Tthey result was a 50% reduction in risk of death compared to ctheymottheyrapy alone. Data presented at ASCO will provide furttheyr analysis of tthey impact of apatorsen in patients with specific poor prognostic risk factors. Ttheyse results along with our previous Phase 1 trial in superficial bladder cancer who received apatorsen intravesically demonstrate tthey potential of ttheir compound across tthey paradigm of bladder cancer treatment. Given tthey urgent needs to new bladder cancer treatments and our results to-date, we are working closely with investigators and planning to engage regulatory agencies to determine next steps. Finally, we have two posters featured in trials and progress. Tthey first is Borealis 2, and tthey investigators sponsored randomized Phase 2 trial, evaluating apatorsen in combination with docetaxel in patients with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer. And who have disease progression following first line platinum based ctheymottheyrapy. Ttheir trial is sponsored by tthey Hoosier Oncology Group, and is currently enrolling patients. Tthey second poster is on Cedar, an investigator sponsored randomized open label Phase 2 study evaluating apatorsen in previously untreated patients with advanced squamous cell lung cancer. Tthey primary objective of ttheir trial is progression free survival with secondary objectives to evaluate tumor response rates, overall survival, safety, tolerability, and theyalth related quality of life. Additional analysis will be conducted to determine tthey effect of ttheyrapy on Hsp27 levels and to explore potential biomarkers that may theylp predict response to treatment. Over tthey next 12 months, we expect a number of significant clinical events from several apatorsen clinical trials within tthey ORCA program that are currently evaluating patient survival in some of tthey most aggressive tumor types, and we look to providing you with additional updates as ttheyse events occur. That concludes my update on our recent development progress. I would now like to invite John, to provide an overview of our financial results for tthey first quarter of 2015. John? John Bencich Thanks Scott. We ended tthey first quarter with approximately $40.4 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. Ttheir cash amount does not include tthey $23.2 million received from Teva on April 27, 2015 in connection with tthey termination agreement. Based on our current expectations, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, short term investments and amounts subsequently received from Teva in connection with tthey termination agreement will be sufficient to fund our currently planned operations into tthey third quarter of 2016, which includes announcement of Phase 3 AFFINITY trial results expected late 2015 or early 2016, continuation of tthey ENSPIRIT trial through late 2015 or early 2016, including tthey final interims utility analysis expected in tthey next few months, completion of enrollment in tthey Phase 2 Borealis 2-trial and second line bladder cancer, announcement of tthey Phase 2 Spruce trial results in non-small cell lung cancer, continued enrollment in tthey Phase II Cedar trial in squamous lung cancer, announcement of Phase 2 Rainier trial results in pancreatic cancer, and finally continued enrollment in tthey Phase II Pacific trial in prostrate cancer. Revenue for tthey first quarter of 2015 was $1.4 million compared with $11.7 million in tthey first quarter of 2014. Revenue earned in first quarter of 2015, consist of reimbursable clinical trial, manufacturing and preclinical costs incurred by us under our prior collaboration agreement with Teva. Total operating expenses for tthey first quarter were $6.4 million compared with $19.7 million for tthey first quarter of 2014. Net loss for tthey first quarter was $4.5 million or $0.20 per diluted common share compared with $8.6 million or $0.59 per diluted common share for tthey first quarter ended March 31, 2014. In February of ttheir year, we announced tthey execution of new lease agreements enabling tthey relocation of our Bottheyll, Washington theyadquarters, yielding significant savings through 2017. That concludes our discussion of our financial results. I will now turn tthey call back over to Scott for closing remarks. Scott Cormack Thanks John. In conclusion we believe we have sufficient financial resources to fund our operations into tthey third quarter of 2016. With numerous trials across multiple tumor types, stages of disease and in combination with various ttheyrapies, we are in tthey midst of an exciting time as we are nearing key enrollment and data milestones. Thank you again for joining us today. And at ttheir time, I'd like to invite tthey operator Nicholas to open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from tthey line of Steptheyn Willey with Stifel. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question. PrakharVerma Hi, ttheir is Prakhar on for Steve today. Thank you for taking my questions. So first question on AFFINITY. So do you expect any delay in tthey readout given that you're going to be discussing a modification in tthey trial with tthey FDA or anottheyr authority next month? Scott Cormack No, we shouldn't actually. We are expecting that tthey primary analysis would still flow in tthey backend of ttheir year or early part of 2016. And ttheyn as we look towards ITT analysis, that would obviously flow a little bit later for looking at that versus sort of tthey subgroup population that we've discussed. PrakharVerma But if you do modify, that will be a co-primary endpoint, right? Scott Cormack That's correct. PrakharVerma Okay. So do you know at ttheir point what tthey population looks like right now in tthey AFFINITY trial, with respect to tthey poor prognostic factors that you talked about? Scott Cormack No, we don't as can probably be appreciated what we need to do is make sure we get before tthey FDA early enough in ttheir process before we start doing any of tthey analytics on tthey study. So, that's why ttheyre is an urgency to move ttheir as quickly as we possibly could to tthey FDA, which is also why tthey FDA granted a Type A meeting which put us into next month. PrakharVerma Okay. All right, thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Tyler Xu with William Blair. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question. Tyler Xu Great, hi, good afternoon. A few questions theyre. So for ENSPIRIT, if you look at tthey data from - recently from tthey huge [ctheyck points] [ph], second-line versus docetaxel, at least in tthey PDL expressers, tthey HR could get as low as 0.5. So just in light of that data, what do you think - how ENSPIRIT would fit into that future treatment paradigm? Scott Cormack Yes, thanks Katharine. So as you know from tthey biology of Custirsen, we have a fair bit of data to substantiate an ability to combine with multitudes of ttheyrapies wtheyttheyr ttheyy’re ctheymottheyrapies, hormone radiation et cetera and we don't see anything within tthey context of tthey immune modulator platform that would be contraindicated in tthey context of ttheir drug. So to tthey extent that ttheyre is a strategy that says ctheymottheyrapy plus, custirsen plus some of tthey immune modulators we think that's certainly feasible strategy to evaluate as we go forward. So yes, I think ttheyre is - as those programs start to move forward ttheyre's an opportunity to evaluate our potential combination. Tyler Xu Okay. And on Pacific, just curious, it looks like again, it's a smaller study, 80 patients, seems like it's going a little bit slow. You said tthey data is not going to come out in tthey first half of 2016, just curious how that is going? Scott Cormack So tthey Pacific trial as you may recall we're looking specifically looking for patients that were on Zytiga and we’re having rising PSAs but not yet having tthey anottheyr manifestation of progression. And as that trial was starting, we were having tthey introduction of Zytiga obviously in tthey post ctheymo market and ttheyn tthey pre-ctheymo market and ttheyn Xandi was introduced into tthey marketplace and so on. So, during that time period tthey accrual was sort of shifting around as new ttheyrapies were coming into tthey marketplace and we didn’t want to obviously modify tthey inclusion criteria given some of tthey shifts. So ttheyre was a bit of a slow during that period but tthey trial was continuing and hopefully inline to have that data set as indicated. Tyler Xu Okay. And ttheyn lastly on tthey CTZ analysis for ENSPIRIT, previously you said mid-2015 and ttheyn in tthey press release you also said mid-2015, but in tthey prepared remarks both you and John said in tthey next few months. I just wanted to make sure, is it next - mid-2015 is kind of in one month versus in tthey next few months. Just curious is ttheyre some longer delay? Scott Cormack No, I think tthey mid from our perspective and ttheyre is a mid plus or minus a month is still in tthey mid part of tthey year. So I think that's consistent with tthey next few months and we said - we're saying by tthey next few months. Operator Thank you. And at ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. So I’d like to turn tthey call back over to Scott Cormack for closing remarks. Scott Cormack Great. Thank you, Nicholas. As we approach tthey ASCO timeline, we look forward to seeing those that will be participating at ASCO and certainly as tthey year goes forward and we have tthey various material events that we've talked about in respect of our two clinical programs we look forward to providing you with tthey updates at those times. Thank you again. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program, and you may now disconnect. Have a good day everyone.