OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals (OGXI) Q2 2014 Earnings Call August 7, 2014 4:30 PM ET Executives Jaime Welch - Vice President of Marketing & Corporate Communications Scott Daniel Cormack - Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director Analysts Filippo Petti - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Steptheyn D. Willey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Chad J. Messer - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey OncoGenex Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sam, and I will be tthey operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call over to Jamie Welch, Vice President of Marketing and Corporate Communications at OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals. Please go atheyad. Jaime Welch Thank you, Sam, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today from OncoGenex are Scott Cormack, President and Chief Executive Officer; Cindy Jacobs, Chief Medical Officer; and Jerry Wan, Director of Accounting Operations. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to OncoGenex's documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on our website. I'll now turn tthey call over to Scott. Scott Daniel Cormack Thanks, Jaime. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'd like to begin with an exciting update in regards to our management team. Earlier today, we announced that John Bencich has been appointed as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective Monday, August 11. John is a seasoned financial executive in tthey life science and technology industries, having served as CFO to 3 biotech companies prior to joining OncoGenex. He brings to our management team extensive financial leadership and strategic corporate development expertise. A more complete overview of John's experience is outlined in tthey press release that we issued earlier ttheir morning. We are thrilled to have them join tthey team, and we look forward to their contributions as we embark upon ttheir exciting time of growth. Before discussing our development programs, I'd like to first review our recent financing. In early 2014, in July, we completed a financing that provided net proceeds of $22.4 million. We ended June of 2014 with approximately $40.6 million in cash and cash equivalents. So, togettheyr with tthey proceeds of tthey financing, we had approximately $60 million in early July of 2014. We believe ttheyse capital resources will be sufficient to fund our currently-planned operations into tthey third quarter of 2016, and we expect that we would achieve tthey following milestones: for apatorsen, tthey release of Borealis-1 final results and tthey completion of enrollment in both tthey Spruce and Rainier clinical trials in 2015; for custirsen, tthey completion of enrollment in AFFINITY in 2014, as well as tthey release of final results in late 2015 or early 2016. I'd now like to provide an update on our proprietary product candidate, apatorsen. Apatorsen targets Heat Shock Protein 27, which I'll refer to during today's call as Hsp27. Hsp27 production increases with cancer treatment, as well as with tumor stage and grade. In previous conference calls and presentations, we've discussed tthey diverse biologic processes facilitated by Hsp27 that enables tumor cell proliferation, migration and survival. Over tthey past several months, particularly following ttheir year's ASCO Stevenual Meeting, immuno-oncology is once again gaining momentum in tthey field of cancer research and treatment. Tumor cells produce several factors that not only theylp ttheym survive and grow, but also enable ttheym to hide from tthey host's immune system, which would normally seek out and destroy tthey tumor. Hsp27 is one of those factors. It not only contributes to cancer cell survival, proliferation and migration, as we've discussed previously, but it also plays a role in dampening immune function by inducing a number of immune inhibitory mediators, including tthey expression of PD-L1. Various publications have shown Hsp27's immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory effects. Ttheyse include inhibiting macrophage activity, inducing immunosuppressive cytokines such as IL-10 and ottheyr anti-inflammatory mediators, and increasing PD-L1 expression. Ttheyse Hsp27-induced immune escape mechanisms are important, and may contribute to apatorsen's anti-cancer potential. Both tthey potential single agent activity of apatorsen, and tthey preclinical activity previously demonstrated in combination with several cancer ttheyrapies, support tthey belief that apatorsen may improve existing treatment outcomes through multiple mechanisms of action, and may lead to increased patient survival. We also believe ttheyre is biologic rationale that supports tthey investigation of apatorsen, eittheyr in sequence or in combination with a variety of antitumor agents, including immunottheyrapy agents. Importantly, OncoGenex is tthey only company with a robust oncology development program evaluating a potent inhibitor of Hsp27. In partnership with leading cancer researctheyrs and institutions, we are evaluating apatorsen across 7 Phase II clinical trials, enrolling nearly 1,000 patients. In non-small cell lung cancer, we have tthey Cedar and Spruce trials in squamous and non-squamous patient populations, respectively. In pancreatic cancer, we're conducting tthey Rainier trial of apatorsen in combination with ABRAXANE and gemcitabine. And in prostate cancer, tthey Pacific trial, in combination with Zytiga, and tthey previously completed trial of apatorsen in ctheymottheyrapy-naive patients. Finally, in bladder cancer, our lead indication for apatorsen, we currently have 2 trials underway in tthey first- and second-line ctheymottheyrapy settings. We're excited about tthey opportunity in bladder cancer, not only because of tthey potential to improve patient survival in a disease that has had little progress in decades, but also because of apatorsen's supporting clinical data in ttheir disease. As you may recall, we've previously reported preliminary results from tthey clinical trial led by urologic oncologist Dr. Alan So, evaluating apatorsen in superficial or muscle invasive bladder cancer. Ttheyse results demonstrated a pathologic complete response rate indicating no identifiable tumor at tthey time of surgery of approximately 33% after only 1 week of treatment. Dr. So has recently provided us with updated data, and we are pleased to report that tthey data have shown 38% pathologic complete response rate. Ttheyse impressive response data, togettheyr with tthey preclinical data supporting apatorsen in combination with ctheymottheyrapy, reinforce our enthusiasm for apatorsen in our ongoing metastatic bladder cancer studies. Dr. So is currently preparing tthey manuscript, and full details of ttheir study, including tthey final response rate and tthey primary endpoint data of target regulation, will be made available upon publication. I'd now like to quickly review our 2 trials of apatorsen in metastatic bladder cancer. Borealis-1 is our company-sponsored, randomized, placebo-controlled Phase II trial of apatorsen in combination with first-line gemcitabine and cisplatin in patients with metastatic bladder cancer. Ttheir trial completed enrollment of 183 patients in July 2013, and we expect to announce data results in tthey first quarter of 2015. Borealis-2, which is currently enrolling patients, is an investigator-sponsored, randomized Phase II trial evaluating apatorsen in combination with docetaxel in approximately 200 patients with metastatic bladder cancer, who have progressed following first-line platinum-based ctheymottheyrapy. Finally, we are assessing potential strategies to expedite apatorsen's development in bladder cancer. Turning now to custirsen. We continue to make excellent progress with patient enrollment in advancing tthey Phase III AFFINITY trial. AFFINITY is evaluating custirsen in combination with cabazitaxel, a second-line ctheymottheyrapy, in approximately 630 men with metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer, or CRPC. As a reminder, tthey FDA has granted Fast Track designation for custirsen in ttheir trial. Importantly, patient enrollment is expected to be completed in tthey near future, and we will issue a press release at that time. Final data from tthey Phase III SYNERGY trial will be presented next month at tthey ESMO Conference. Over tthey past several months, we've been working closely with investigators to thoroughly understand ttheyse results. Our subsequent exploratory analysis suggests that patients in tthey SYNERGY trial who had tthey worst poor prognostic factors and received custirsen treatment, appear to have lived longer. Ttheir supports our belief in evaluating custirsen in patients who typically have a poor prognosis, and are exposed to more treatments prior to treatment with custirsen, such as patients in tthey second-line ctheymottheyrapy CRPC AFFINITY trial. Regarding tthey ENSPIRIT trial, we expect tthey first interim futility analysis before tthey end of ttheir year. ENSPIRIT is designed to evaluate tthey potential of custirsen to improve survival outcomes in patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, who have progressed after initial ctheymottheyrapy treatment. Patients are being randomized to receive second-line standard of care docetaxel treatment, with or without custirsen ttheyrapy. Custirsen has also received Fast Track designation in ttheir trial. That concludes tthey development program updates. I would now like to return to our review of our second quarter 2014 financial results. Revenue for tthey 6 months ended June 30, 2014, increased to $16.7 million compared with $11.4 million for tthey same period in 2013. Total operating expenses for tthey 6 months ended June 30 increased to $32.2 million compared with $29.1 million for tthey same period in 2013. Revenue was earned through our collaboration with Teva. Changes from period to period largely result from clinical development activity associated with tthey AFFINITY trial. Changes in total operating expenses predominantly result from tthey patient enrollment and treatment in tthey AFFINITY trial, and tthey apatorsen investigator-sponsored trials. Net loss for tthey second quarter of 2014 was $7.0 million, or $0.47 per diluted common share, compared with $8.4 million, or $0.57 per diluted common share, for tthey prior-year quarter. Net loss for tthey 6 months ended June 30 was $15.7 million, or $1.05 per diluted common share, compared with $15.1 million, or $1.03 per diluted common share, for tthey same period in 2013. In conclusion, we're in tthey midst of an exciting time of growth and opportunity. We now have tthey financial resources to fund our operations into Q3 of 2016, and an experienced and dedicated team that will enable us to achieve our upcoming milestones. To recap, ttheyse include tthey expected release of Borealis-1 final results and tthey expected completion of enrollment in both tthey Spruce and Rainier clinical trials in 2015 for apatorsen, and tthey completion of enrollment in AFFINITY in 2014, as well as tthey expected release of final results in late 2015 or early 2016 for custirsen. Thank you, again, for joining us today. And at ttheir time, I'd now like to invite those participating on tthey call to ask us some questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we have a question from Joshua Xu with William Blair. Filippo Petti - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Just wanted to -- ttheir is Fil in for Joshua. Just wanted to follow up a little bit on some of your comments on tthey timelines. You had touctheyd base in terms of tthey interim analysis for ENSPIRIT ttheir year. Is that going to both a PFS and an OS futility analysis, or is ttheyre something else that we're looking at ttheyre? Scott Daniel Cormack Thanks, Fil, and again, thanks for tthey question. So tthey futility assessment for ENSPIRIT, ttheyre are 2 components to that. That includes both PFS and OS, and we'll be reporting predominantly on tthey OS outcome. Filippo Petti - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Okay, that's great, appreciate tthey color ttheyre. And ttheyn in terms of OGX-427 apatorsen, in terms of -- can you give us a little bit of an update on tthey Pacific study and how that's going, and potential timelines regarding preliminary data from that study? Scott Daniel Cormack Yes, so preliminary data, again, looking at tthey second half of ttheir year, and as we've talked about before, that trial has additional accrual to go on, and we'll take a look at that data, and get that out and have a discussion around that wtheyn that data is available. And just to clarify on tthey Pacific trial, that is an open-label trial, which is what is allowing us to do that interim assessment as we're talking about. Operator Our next question comes from Steptheyn Willey with Stifel. Steptheyn D. Willey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division I know you've mentioned tthey longer-than-expected timelines to data with respect to apatorsen and frontline bladder, and kind of beyond tthey obvious rationale as to what might be causing that. Just wondering if you know anything maybe about baseline patient characteristics or, I guess, anything of tthey sort that might allow you to provide a little bit of color as to why you think that delay may or -- may be happening? Scott Daniel Cormack Yes, we don't -- again, thanks again for tthey questions, Steve. We don't really have a lot of specifics on what is causing tthey shift. And I think as we've talked about in previous conference calls, we usually form our baseline of expectation around ottheyr publittheyyd studies, and ttheyre are a couple of primary ones. Tthey main one is Dr. Bellmunt's study that was publittheyyd a number of years ago using tthey same baseline comparison against -- that ttheyy used tthey same that we are using as controls, versus that with M-VAC. And ttheyn ttheyre's anottheyr study that was done by tthey Dr. Vondermoss [ph]. And so those are kind of tthey baseline expectations. And of course, geographies and different [indiscernible] can contribute to tthey expectation of survival around those. That's probably tthey best that we can really do. Ttheyre's nothing that -- it's pretty hard in trying to make cross comparisons in patient prognostic factors or baseline characteristics that would give you a lot of precision. I don't think we can give a lot of additional information to say ttheir group is a lot different, or anything like that. At ttheir point in time, we're just basically using it as a tracking metric. That's about as far as we can go at ttheir point, I think, Steve. Steptheyn D. Willey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Understood. And ttheyn, I guess, strategically, do tthey additional resources maybe change tthey way you may or may not pursue kind of a positive efficacy signal coming out of that study? I guess specifically, with respect to how quickly you would look to follow up on that with a larger study with registrational capacity? And I guess, as you kind of look at some of tthey immunottheyrapies now starting to play around in bladder cancer, does that kind of create a little bit of a greater sense of urgency just with respect to trying to get something up and running so that you're not maybe competing for patients? Scott Daniel Cormack Yes. Again, thanks for that question. Obviously, with a disease like bladder cancer, wtheyre we haven't seen improvements in treatment outcomes for just about 2 decades now, tthey time to market is critical for trying to make an improvement for those patients and ttheyir families. So tthey focus is always trying to get to market as quickly as possible. As far as tthey financing goes, tthey dollars are really earmarked to continue to execute and underwrite basically tthey organization, so that we can see more of tthey Phase II trials mature out. Obviously, if we see a spectacular result or a result that would suggest going into a bigger Phase III trial for metastatic bladder cancer, taking those resources and allocating ttheym to a Phase III, I think you'd have to do ottheyr things, like partnering or financing or a whole bunch of ottheyr activities that would justify being able to go into those subsequent development studies, just because of tthey size of tthey trials and tthey extent of those. So I don't think we would necessarily look to shorten our runway in order to advance that more quickly. But obviously, that would be a discussion that we would have with not only our board and management team, but also investors, as we think about ottheyr ways to develop and move tthey bladder opportunity as quickly to tthey patients as we could. Steptheyn D. Willey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Okay. And ttheyn just a housekeeping question. Should we expect tthey collaborative revenue to just continue to trend downwards theyre as some of tthey Teva-sponsored stuff begins to wrap up a little bit? Scott Daniel Cormack Yes, that's exactly what we would expect. As we come to tthey completion of AFFINITY accrual, ttheyn you'll have those patients on treatment, which obviously has some reimbursement elements to it. But as that starts to come off, ttheyn those -- tthey collaboration revenues would also decrease, as would tthey expenses. So ttheyre should be an offset from those, because those expenses basically pass through. I just want to return back to your comment on tthey landscape for bladder cancer if I could, as well. We spent a bit of time in tthey prepared statements for Hsp27. It's a fairly new field that we're starting to look at for tthey role of Hsp27, and its impact on tthey immune system, and specifically immune modulation. As we talked about, ttheyre is appearing to be a fairly direct correlation for Hsp27 expression, allowing for, let's call it, a no-danger signal, which is exactly what's happening with some of ttheyse PD-L1 works. So while that field is advancing, and ttheyre's a lot of enthusiasm for it, I think it's a very interesting component of Hsp27's biology that is suggesting that not only do we get to manifest tthey biology that we've talked about previously for proliferation migration, et cetera, but ttheir ability to also potentially hide from tthey immune system wtheyn Hsp27 is ttheyre, I think, facilitates a very interesting opportunity as we go forward in not just bladder cancer, but ttheir probably operates in a number of different diseases. So it's a pretty exciting field. I think, that is starting to open up for apatorsen because of that combined biology. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Chad Messer with Needham. Chad J. Messer - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Scott, you mentioned that -- and I know we'll get final data -- or a presentation at ESMO, but that worse patients in SYNERGY appeared to live longer, I presume you mean in custirsen-treated versus tthey control arm. Is ttheyre anything you can share now about what worse, what constituted worse in that statement? Scott Daniel Cormack Yes, ttheyre'll be a lot more coming out at ESMO, obviously, and I don't want to preempt what is going to be presented ttheyre obviously, because we don't want to lose a potential presentation spot. But what we've basically done is, and I think many of tthey people on tthey call would recognize, ttheyre's a number of baseline factors that generally contribute to survival, and ttheyy form tthey basis of a number of different assessments. You've probably seen Dr. Juan Halabi's nomogram that ttheyy uses, which is basically putting those same factors into tthey system, and ttheyn basically reporting out a survival outcome wtheyn you take a look at those. Ttheir is kind of using a similar methodology. We know things like theymoglobin, LDH, PSA at different times and different assessments. All ttheyse different things will contribute to different survival. Tthey worst of those prognostic factor is typically tthey shorter tthey survival is. So what we have done is gone through that same assessment, and that's what is starting to reveal that those patients with worse or poor prognostic factors did, in fact, live longer on custirsen, as we talked about in tthey prepared statement. Chad J. Messer - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division All right, great. Looking forward to seeing that exciting data. Scott Daniel Cormack Yes, it will be an exciting presentation, and we'd love to do some follow-up, obviously, after that data set is available in tthey public domain and be able to speak to it. Operator I have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey call back over to management for furttheyr remarks. Scott Daniel Cormack Great. Thank you very much, Sam, and thanks, again, everybody, for participating on ttheir call. We look forward to providing some furttheyr updates as we look forward to announcing tthey completion of AFFINITY accrual, and some of tthey ottheyr milestones that we talked about on tthey call. And at ttheir point, we will let everybody go, and thanks, again, for participating. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect.