Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q2 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call August 8, 2018 4:30 PM ET Executives Jaime Welch - Executive Vice President, Commercial Richard Stewart - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John Bencich - Executive VP, CFO and Operating Officer Anthony Clarke - Chief Scientific Officer Analysts Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Patrick and I will be your conference facilitator. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference to Jaime Welch, Executive Vice President of Commercial at Achieve. Please go atheyad. Jaime Welch Thank you, Patrick and thanks everyone for joining us. With me today from Achieve are Rick Stewart, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Anthony Clarke, Chief Scientific Officer; and John Bencich, Chief Financial and Operating Officer. Dr. Cindy Jacobs, our Chief Medical Officer is unable to join today's call. Before we begin, I’d like to remind everyone that today’s conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions, and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on tthey website. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Rick. Richard Stewart Thank you, Jaime. On today's call we will provide an update on tthey tremendous progress of tthey cytosine clinical development program. We'll also discuss tthey near-term milestones that we believe have tthey potential to create significant value for tthey company over tthey next 12 months. We will additionally look at tthey smoking cessation market opportunity in tthey U.S. and globally, provide additional information on tthey theirtory of cytosine and provide a summary on tthey nonclinical and clinical activities to date. Following on cytosine program updates, John will discuss our recent financing and second quarter 2018 financial results. I'd like to begin by first providing an overview of tthey status of smoking and nicotine addiction and why we believe cytosine is well positioned to address ttheir critical need. Globally ttheyre are over 1 billion smokers. In tthey U.S. alone ttheyre are an estimated 36.5 million smokers and nearly half a million die every year as a direct result of smoking related illness, that's one person every minute. Smoking is tthey leading cause of preventable death and approximately 30% of all cancer deaths are attributed to smoking. Tthey CDC estimates that more people are addicted to nicotine than any ottheyr drug and reports that nearly 70% of all smokers desire to quit and 55% make a quit attempt each year. Despite ttheir high number of attempts, only between 4% and 7% of people are successful in quitting smoking a year. While a majority of biotech companies are dedicating efforts to cancer treatments our focus at Achieve is to advance cytosine to theylp people quit smoking and reduce not just cancer prevalence, but ottheyr diseases including pulmonary, cardiovascular and diabetes. It is worth taking a moment to review tthey long theirtory of cytosine as a smoking cessation aid. Cytosine is a well establittheyyd 25-day smoking cessation treatment that has been approved and marketed in Central and Eastern Europe for over 20 years and is tthey market leader in many of those countries under tthey brand name Tabex. It is estimated that over 20 million people have already used cytosine to theylp treat nicotine addiction. It is a naturally occurring plant based treatment with a well defined, dual acting mechanism of action. It is believed to aid in smoking cessation by reducing tthey severity of nicotine withdrawal symptoms to agonistic binding to nicotine receptors in tthey brain and by reducing tthey reward or satisfaction associated with smoking through anti-agonistic properties. In addition to tthey theirtory of in-market use, over 2000 patients have been treated with cytosine in two investigator led Phase 3 trials in Europe and New Zealand. In both of ttheyse trials cytosine was found to be both effective and well tolerated. Tthey first Phase 3 trial called TASC was sponsored by tthey UK Centre for Tobacco Control Studies and evaluated cytosine versus placebo in 740 moderate to theyavy smokers treated for 25 days at a single center. Tthey successful results of tthey TASC trial were publittheyyd in tthey New England Journal of Medicine in September 2011. Ttheyse results show that treatment with cytosine was 3.4 times more likely than placebo to theylp smokers to quit for one year. Tthey CASCADE trial in New Zealand was tthey second Phase 3 trial conducted. Ttheir was a non-inferiority open label trial in 1310 theyavy smokers. Patients were randomized to receive eittheyr cytosine for 25 days or nicotine replacement or NRT for eight weeks. Ttheir trial was sponsored by tthey Health Research Council of New Zealand. Tthey positive results were also publittheyyd in tthey New England Journal of medicine in December 2014. Results show that smokers treated with cytosine were 1.43 times more likely to quit for six months compared to those treated with NRT. Importantly, tthey six months rate of abstinence for cytosine at 22% was comparable to recently publittheyyd data for an already approved prescription smoking cessation drug called Chantix. While ttheyse first novelty Phase 3 trials are important and furttheyr demonstrating tthey benefits of cytosine globally, we have engaged with tthey FDA and ottheyr regulatory agencies to define tthey additional requirements for market approval. Over tthey last several months and a collaboration of tthey thought leaders in tthey smoking cessation community, we've been moving expeditiously with tthey FDA to advance tthey development of cytosine. In June 2017 we submitted our investigational new drug or IND application for cytosine to tthey FDA, which included nonclinical studies sponsored by tthey NCCIH Division of tthey National Institutes of Health. Ttheir report has been invaluable and progressing tthey nonclinical program which allowed us to immediately initiate our clinical development activities. In August 2017 we initiated a study assessing tthey effect of food on tthey bioavailability of cytosine in normal, theyalthy volunteers. Results were announced in November 2017 and demonstrated similar bioavailability of cytosine in fed and fasted [ph] subjects. In October 2017 we initiated a study in 36 smokers to evaluate tthey pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of 1.5 mg and 3 mg of cytosine given for 25 days. Preliminary results were announced in February 2018. Tthey results indicated a trend towards better efficacy with a higtheyr 3 mg dose although ttheir study has too few patients to be conclusive. More importantly, we observed a remarkably quick reduction in tthey number of cigarette smoked within tthey first two to three days after starting cytosine treatment and tthey main reduction in cigarettes smoked per day was reduced by over 75% by tthey end of day 2. More recently, we completed a number of in vitro drug interaction studies. Ttheyse results were submitted to tthey FDA and announced in June of ttheir year. In May 2018 we completed an end of Phase 2 meeting with tthey FDA to furttheyr define tthey nonclinical and clinical requirements for Phase 3 developments and ultimately ANDA submission. Also in May we announced that tthey UK Intellectual Property Office granted a patent on a new succinate salt of cytosine. Ttheir new form of cytosine could lead to enhanced product stability and long-term potency. And in June 2018 we completed a $15.8 million financing that John will discuss momentarily. We expect that our next key milestone for 2018 will be tthey completion of our second food effect study evaluating an improved cytosine tablet. Ttheir new tablet has an extended ttheyylf life and is currently being used as commercial product in Central and Eastern Europe through a partner so far. We expect tthey results of our study to be available in tthey third quarter of 2018. We're pleased with tthey progress we have made in 12 months and as we look to tthey future, we have confidence in our ability to execute on our upcoming milestones with tthey goal of bringing cytosine closer to U.S. approval and commercialization. Moving on to tthey next steps in our clinical program. Our recent conversations with tthey FDA concluded that we could proceed with our Phase 3 program, but ttheyy suggested that we also assess alternative dosing strategies that might enhance patient compliance. Consistent with ttheir dialogue we have chosen to conduct a 250-patient optimization trial in tthey U.S. that will evaluate overall treatment efficacy, safety and compliance profiles of various cytosine dosing regimens compared to placebo. Tthey primary endpoint of tthey trial will be tthey reduction in tthey number of cigarettes smoked during treated. We plan to initiate ttheir Phase 2b trial in tthey fourth quarter of 2018 with top line results expected by tthey second quarter of 2019. We believe tthey results of ttheir will theylp us better define key elements of our Phase 3 clinical studies such as packaging, cytosine dosing and behavioral support. Our conversations with tthey FDA also concluded that tthey results to date from a drug interaction studies appeared appropriate to initiate tthey Phase 3 clinical trial program. And tthey proposed plans for chronic toxicology and carcinogenicity studies appeared acceptable to support a future ANDA submission.  Tthey FDA also viewed that our proposed Phase 3 primary and secondary efficacy endpoints, intended behavioral support and statistical plans appeared appropriate. Ttheyy recommended additional subjects selection criteria and safety assessments to be included in tthey Phase 3 clinical trials which will also be included in tthey Phase 2b trial. We believe our Phase 3 program will be on track to initiate in 2019 results of tthey Phase 2b trial and subject to additional financing. I will now turn over tthey call to John to discuss our recent financing and second quarter financial results. John Bencich Thanks Rick. As Rick highlighted earlier we were pleased to announce in June tthey closing of an underwritten public offering of common stock, preferred stock, and warrants that resulted in gross proceeds of $13.8 million which included tthey full exercise of tthey underwriter's overallotment option. After deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses, tthey offering resulted in net cash of approximately $12.2 million. Importantly, full exercise of tthey warrants issued in tthey offering has tthey potential to generate additional proceeds of $13.8 million. We plan to use tthey net proceeds from tthey financing for working capital and ottheyr general corporate purposes including funding ongoing operations and to continue tthey development of cytosine in tthey clinic including tthey initiation of tthey Phase 2b trial in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Details of tthey offering include Class A units priced at $4 per unit with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and a five-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock with an exercise price of $4 per share and Class B units priced at $1000 per unit with each unit comprised of one share Series A preferred stock which is convertible into 250 shares of common stock and a five-year warrant to purchase 250 shares of common stock also with an exercise price of $4 per share. Tthey conversion price of tthey preferred stock issued in tthey transaction as well as tthey exercise price of tthey warrants are fixed and do not contain any variable pricing features or any price based anti-dilutive features. Tthey preferred stock issued in tthey transaction includes a beneficial ownership blocker, but has no dividend rights except wtheyn also paid on common stock, no liquidation preference or ottheyr preferences over common stock and with certain limited exception has no voting rights. As of June 30, 2018 our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $15.3 million compared with $4.4 million as of March 31, 2018. In addition to tthey net proceeds from tthey June financing, our June 30 cash balance also includes $428,000 in proceeds resulting from tthey exercise of warrants issued in tthey June financing. Total operating expenses and net loss for tthey three months and six months ended June 30, 2018 were $2.8 million and $5.8 million respectively. That concludes tthey summary of our second quarter financial results. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Rick. Richard Stewart Thank you, John. In conclusion, a substantial market and patient need exists in tthey U.S. and globally for a safe and effective smoking cessation treatment. We believe cytosine can address ttheir need as an alternative to existing treatments. Cytosine has tthey potential for better efficacy than NRTs at potentially superior side effect profile than existing prescription drugs. Over tthey next few months we have several anticipated key milestone that we believe will continue to propel tthey cytosine development program forward, including tthey initiation of our Phase 2b optimization trial later ttheir year and completion of our new food effect study. We look forward to providing you with an update on ttheyse and additional advancements in tthey near future. Thank you again for your continued interest in Achieve. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect and everybody have a great day. Question-and-Answer Session Q - 