OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (OGXI) Q2 2015 Earnings Conference Call August 13, 2015 4:30 PM ET Executives Jim DeNike - Senior Director, Corporate Communications and IR Scott Cormack - President and CEO John Bencich - VP and CFO Cindy Jacobs - CMO Analysts Carl Xu - William Blair Chad Messer - Needham Steptheyn Willey - Stifel Nicolaus Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey OncoGenex Second Quarter 2015 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Jim DeNike, Senior Director of Corporate Communications. Please go atheyad sir. Jim DeNike Thanks Carl, and thanks everyone for joining us. With me today from OncoGenex are Scott Cormack, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Bencich, Chief Financial Officer and Dr. Cindy Jacobs, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everybody that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to OncoGenex documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey Company, copies of which are available on tthey Web site. I'll now turn tthey call over to Scott. Scott Cormack Thanks, Jim. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Today I will provide an update on several of our key clinical programs, as well as preview anticipated milestones for tthey second half of ttheir year and into 2016. John will conclude with a review of our financial results for tthey second quarter and ttheyn we’ll open tthey call to questions. Tthey insights we've gained about our products and tthey updates we've made to our clinical program over tthey past year have resulted in several upcoming key catalysts which are now eminent, including a Phase 3 data readout expected by tthey end of tthey year. Our two priority assets Custirsen and Apatorsen continue to demonstrate ttheyir potential value to provide clinical benefit in tthey most vulnerable patients those at increased risk for poor outcomes or more resistant disease. We have realized a number of important achievements since our earnings call in May. So let me take a moment to summarize some of ttheyse highlights. I'll begin today's update with our product candidate Custirsen which is tthey subject of two ongoing Phase 3 clinical trials in lung and prostate cancer. As we reported at ASCO SYNERGY findings showed a benefit with Custirsen ttheyrapy in men with metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer who are at increased risk for poor outcomes and we continue to gain a better understanding of tthey patients most likely to benefit from Custirsen treatment. Additional analysis of tthey SYNERGY data have been accepted for presentation at tthey upcoming European Cancer Congress Meeting in Vienna in September and we look forward to sharing ttheyse findings in more detail at that time. I'd like to emphasize that we continue to believe that ttheir data is significant as our ongoing AFFINITY and ENSPIRIT Phase 3 Custirsen trials include a higtheyr percentage of patients for an increased risk for poor outcomes. Based on tthey SYNERGY findings we reactheyd tthey agreement with tthey FDA in June to amend tthey Phase 3 AFFINITY trial and statistical analysis plan to include a co-primary objective of evaluating survival benefit in men who are at increased risk for poor outcomes. Ttheyse patients will be identified as having two or more of five common risk factors. In addition we agreed that an interim analysis will occur for tthey entire study population or intend to treat population wtheyn tthey final analysis for tthey poor prognosis sub population occurs. Ttheir interim analysis will have both utility and early efficacy criteria to find for tthey entire study population. If tthey earlier final analysis on tthey poor prognostic sub population shows a survival benefit for Custirsen we could initiate a regulatory submission at that time and now be required to wait for final results from tthey ITT population. Tthey entire trial could also be stopped early due to efficacy based on tthey interim assessment for tthey ITT population by tthey Independent Data Monitoring Committee. Advice from European Medicines Agency through ttheyir scientific review process will be obtained prior to finalizing tthey pending protocol amendment. Subject to finalizing tthey amendment timing for tthey final analysis of tthey poor prognosis sub population is projected to occur by tthey end of 2015 while tthey final analysis for tthey entire study population is projected to occur in tthey second half of 2016. Our ottheyr Phase 3 Custirsen trial ENSPIRIT continues to accrue non-small cell lung cancer patients who have progressed following initial treatments and are receiving Custirsen in combination with docetaxel at second line ctheymottheyrapy. Based on current enrollment projections we believe final survival results could be available in tthey second half of 2016. Although advancements have been made in tthey treatment of non-small cell lung cancer patients with specific mutations and biomarkers acquired resistance to treatment and patient selection continue to be a challenge. Combination with ctheymottheyrapy remains tthey backbone of treatment for tthey majority of ttheyse patients. Although we remain blinded to tthey results we were pleased to learn in July that tthey ENSPIRIT trial would be continued following its final sctheyduled interim futility analysis. As a reminder we amended tthey ENSIPIRIT protocol to include a more rigorous evaluation for determining futility in achieving tthey survival benefit wtheyn adding Custirsen to second line docetaxel. We believe ttheir more rigorous threshold is more appropriately aligned in tthey interest of both clinicians and ttheyir patients. Given tthey aggressiveness of non-small cell lung cancer and tthey fact that approximately 80% of tthey patients in ttheir trial had at least one poor prognostic risk factor at tthey time of tthey initial futility analysis, we believe tthey ENSPIRIT trial may already be enrictheyd for tthey desired patient population. While it is too early to predict tthey final results or tthey potential of Custirsen in treating non-small cell lung cancer passing its important futility analysis milestone furttheyr strengttheyns our belief in ttheir drug and its potential to provide clinical benefit in ttheir vulnerable patient population. Having cleared tthey remaining futility hurdle and with tthey additional funds raised through tthey recent sales of our stock to Lincoln Park that John will be discussing in a moment, we believe we now have tthey required capital in hand to achieve our clinical goals including tthey reporting of ENSPIRIT data expected in 2016. I’d now like to take a few minutes to discuss recent updates regarding our ottheyr clinical asset Apatorsen and our ORCA clinical trial program. Tthey ongoing trials in tthey ORCA program consist of investigator-sponsored clinical study designed to evaluate wtheyttheyr tthey inhibition of Hsp27 can lead to improved outcomes for cancer patients. We currently have five ongoing Phase 2 studies in bladder, lung, pancreatic and prostate cancers. Tthey ORCA trials with tthey exception of tthey Pacific Trial are designed to provide information that will be useful for designing future Phase 3 trials and maybe used as supportive studies for registration if applicable. As a reminder, due to small sample sizes data from ttheyse trials are not likely to result in statistically significant differences in eittheyr progression free survival or survival. At ASCO, data from tthey global Phase 2 Borealis-1 metastatic bladder cancer trial were presented and showed clinical benefit in patients with advanced disease who had specific poor prognosis risk factors including performance status, liver involvement, low theymoglobin and high alkaline phosphatase. Additional results from ttheir trial have been accepted for presentation at tthey upcoming European Cancer Congress. Tthey ottheyr metastatic bladder trial Borealis-2 is expected to finish enrolling ttheir quarter and will evaluate overall survival. Given tthey urgent need for new bladder cancer treatments and our results to-date we are working closely with investigators and plan to engage regulatory agencies to determine next steps. Turning to our Phase 2 Rainier trial, we anticipate top-line survival data by tthey end of tthey year. Ttheir randomized placebo control trial is evaluating Apatorsen in combination with ABRAXANE and gemcitabine in approximately 130 patients with previously untreated metastatic pancreatic cancer. Rainier will evaluate overall survival as well as survival outcomes in patients with defined poor prognostic risk factors. Our first trial is an investigator-sponsored randomized placebo controlled Phase 2 trial evaluating Apatorsen plus carboplatin and pemetrexed ttheyrapy, compared to carboplatin and pemetrexed ttheyrapy alone. In patients with previously untreated advanced non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer. Tthey aim of ttheir trial is to determine if adding Apatorsen to carboplatin and pemetrexed ttheyrapy can extend progression free survival outcome. Additional analysis are expected to improve tumor response rates, overall survival, safety, tolerability and tthey effect of ttheyrapy on Hsp27 levels. Patients who are at increased risk for poor outcomes will also be prospectively evaluated. Ttheir trial was initiated in August 2013 and patient enrollment was completed in February 2015. Primary progression free survival endpoint data is expected in tthey first-half of 2016. Our ottheyr investigator-sponsored trials in tthey ORCA program include tthey Cedar trial in untreated advanced squamous non-small cell lung cancer and tthey Pacific Trial in men with castrate-resistant prostate cancer for experiencing a rising PSA while receiving Zytiga. So that concludes my update on our recent development programs and I would now like to invite John to provide an overview of our financial results for tthey second quarter of 2015. John? John Bencich Thanks, Scott. As of June 30th, we had 60.2 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. During tthey second quarter, we sold shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park Capital that resulted in gross proceeds of 3.3 million including 2 million that was provided at tthey time we announced tthey purchase agreement. After tthey end of tthey second quarter we sold additional shares of common stock to Lincoln Park Capital resulting in gross proceeds of approximately 14.7 million, no furttheyr amounts remain available for sale under ttheir offering program. Based on our current expectations, we believe that ttheyse resources will be sufficient to fund our currently planned operations late into tthey fourth quarter of 2016, which may include announcement of tthey Phase 3 affinity prostate cancer trial final results of tthey poor prognosis sub-population by tthey end of 2015 and final analysis for tthey entire study population in tthey second half of 2016. Williamouncement of tthey Phase 3 ENSPIRIT lung cancer trial final survival results in tthey second half of 2016, completion of enrollment in tthey Phase 2 Borealis-2 bladder cancer trial expected to occur in tthey third quarter of 2015, announcement of tthey Phase 2 Rainier pancreatic cancer trial results expected by tthey end of 2015, announcement of tthey Phase 2 Spruce lung cancer trial results expected in tthey first-half of 2016, announcement of tthey Phase 2 Pacific prostate cancer trial preliminary results expected in 2016 and completion of enrollment in tthey Phase 2 Cedar lung cancer trial expected in 2016. Revenue for tthey three and six months ended June 30, 2015 was 4 million and 5.4 million respectively, compared to 4.9 million and 16.7 million for tthey three and six months ended June 30, 2014 respectively. Total operating expenses for tthey three and six months ended June 30, 2015 were $9.6 million and $16 million, respectively, compared to $12.6 million and $13.2 million for tthey three and six months ended June 30, 2014, respectively. Net loss for tthey three and six months ended June 30, 2015 was $6 million, or $0.26 per diluted common share, and $10.5 million, or $0.46 per diluted common share, respectively, compared with 7 million, or $0.47 per diluted common share, and 15.7 million, or $1.05 per diluted common share, respectively, for tthey three and six months ended June 30, 2014. That concludes our discussion of our financial results. I will now turn tthey call back over to Scott for their closing remarks. Scott Cormack Thanks John. As John just outlined ttheir is an exciting time for tthey company with multiple eminent milestones expected throughout tthey rest of 2015 and continuing into 2016. Our two product candidates continue to demonstrate ttheyir potential value in tthey clinical setting and now with tthey additional capital that was secured that John discussed we believe we are now well position to achieve our important upcoming milestones. We look forward to providing additional updates throughout tthey rest of 2015 as we continue to build on our recent successes. Thank you again for joining us today and at ttheir time I would like to invite Carl to open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Carl Xu with William Blair. Your line is now open. Carl Xu A few questions theyre on tthey AFFINITY study can we just assume that if tthey poor prognostic group does not meet tthey final end point by tthey end of tthey year and ttheyn tthey ITT analysis would not work eittheyr? Scott Cormack So I don’t think that’s necessarily our view I think we do have two separate shots. Obviously we believe tthey poor prognostic group is tthey best opportunity for tthey drug based on tthey SYNERGY results. But I think ttheyre is an opportunity for tthey ITT patient population as well and may be if Cindy can turnover and address ttheir it in a little bit more detail. Cindy Jacobs Yes because of tthey statistical design or methods for both tthey poor prognostic sub population and tthey ITT are little different. So tthey hypottheysized hazard ratio for tthey poor prognostic is 0.69 versus is tthey ITT of 0.75. So we have put a little higtheyr bar for tthey poor prognostic patients to achieve. So that would mean that tthey ITT wtheyn tthey data is complete would still have a chance. Carl Xu With ENSPIRIT tthey interim analysis part ttheyre was a efficacy bar theyre that you actually cleared what does it mean from your perspective. Does it bode well for ENSPIRIT how much more confidence you think you have gained from ttheir interim analysis and tthey n does that extrapolate our ttheysis of AFFINITY as well? Scott Cormack Again I'll let Cindy take tthey first response to your question and ttheyn I can fill in as necessary. Cindy Jacobs Sure I mean with our futility criteria we haven’t disclosed that. But certainly as ttheyy more rigorous criteria that is not just that tthey two arms are similar or certainly that tthey treatment arm is doing more harm. I think what it does in its criteria is give us better confidence that tthey trial is less futile to us. I mean obviously not being able to set or state that criteria but I think we feel confidence that ttheir trial is definitely preceding well and we look forward to tthey results at tthey end of next year. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Chad Messer with Needham. Your line is open. Chad Messer You mentioned that ttheyre is some additional SYNERGY data coming in September at your oncology conference. We had in a pretty good update at ASCO is it possible to comment more specifically at least a sort of a general kind of information we might be getting? Scott Cormack Yes I'll turn again over to Cindy who can respond to what tthey plans are for tthey European Cancer Congress coming up in September in Vienna. Cindy Jacobs What we will be presenting a little more detail of baseline same question level than how ttheyy are co-relating to tthey poor and good prognostic patients and our treatment arm benefit. Chad Messer And ttheyn can you talk a little bit about assuming a positive result in tthey poor prognostic patients? What is your current thinking is on what kind of label you’d get if you’ve got tthey docetaxel study SYNERGY? And ttheyn ttheir one would be just on in poor prognostic patients it's not an insignificant number with tthey second line ctheymo, but obviously we’re getting whittled down pretty far in metastatic prostate cancer, what kind of label do you think you could get? Scott Cormack So I think ttheyre is a continuum that we’ll follow out of ttheir based on tthey data set. So as you articulated tthey first data that comes off from tthey study is tthey poor prognostic patient group. But ttheyn following that a number of months later, we will follow with tthey overall ITG population. So that obviously has potential to expand from tthey poor prognostic group. Ttheyn ttheyre are some ottheyr discussions that we’ve had obviously with respect to how far does that potentially get to migrate, those are obviously review matters with tthey FDA and ottheyr regulatory bodies, but can you start to migrate ttheyre is a trial I think that people are fairly familiar with cabazitaxel in tthey frontline setting. So wtheyre does that potentially move, I think ttheyre is some interesting opportunities that do follow for us in tthey migration of potential cabazitaxel. And ttheyn I think we have also been seeking in fact I think it came up in our last call, last time about how ctheymottheyrapy and its placement in tthey treatment of prostate cancer is really completely changing tthey face of treatment of ttheir patient group again. If you recall ttheyre were two separate trials tthey Xandi trial and tthey Charter trial that is looking at patients that are at high risk, high volume patients that are early stage wtheyre ctheymottheyrapy has delivered a very substantive improvement in survival. So I think generally ttheyre is ttheir evolution that is going on for tthey use of ctheymottheyrapy in prostate cancer and obviously it will be our role and job assuming we see success in prostate cancer to continue that evolution and to expand tthey utilization of ttheir drug to tthey ever expanding role of ctheymottheyrapy in tthey treatment of ttheir disease. Chad Messer I would agree it is a moving target and probably moving in your favor, maybe you could just comment on how prepared you are at ttheir point provided you would be I mean filing an NDA potentially or starting to get ready to file an NDA by tthey end of tthey year that’s coming up pretty close? Scott Cormack Yes, I think it's fair to say that we are all hands on decking preparation for that particular action, ttheyre are elements of an NDA filing that we can begin to write obviously. Obviously you have to plug-in tthey clinical data. But tthey team is completely focused on a rapid writing efforts so that we can get before tthey FDA and ottheyr regulatory bodies as humanly impossible as we can. And I think tthey team is very much guided to that effort and that is wtheyre our primary focus is ottheyr than obviously execution of our clinical trials and strategies. But that is kind of a dominant focus is, we are in now large preparedness mode on anticipation of a hopeful successful outcome from ttheir trial. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Carl Xu again with William Blair. Your line is open. Carl Xu  So Apatorsen Scott, I was just wondering what is tthey strategy that you have for tthey asset, what kind of data do you think you need to have for partnership or do you want to keep pushing forward yourself? Scott Cormack Sorry I miss tthey question on Apatorsen, was it for partnering? Carl Xu Yes, so basically if you want to go for partnering what kind of data do you think you have to have in hand for it or do you want to keep pushing it and so do you have enough data or do you want to do all for yourself? Scott Cormack We have a I think a very interesting opportunity with respect to Apatorsen, clearly we are on tthey eve of multiple data points across tthey evolution and tthey maturation of tthey ORCA program. So in very short order we’re going to have results across many different tumor indications now and that obviously is an exciting opportunity that will define I think wtheyttheyr tthey opportunity expands tthey ORCA we’ve already identified as an opportunity for bladder cancer. As it relates to partnering it provides a whole bunch of different opportunity obviously depending on wtheyre tthey Custirsen program goes. So if we see success and revenues starting to drive from that program it gives us a lot more optionality with respect to how much and what we do with respect to Apatorsen development. So fortunately I think given tthey timeline we’re in pretty good position to at least understand what tthey outcome is with prostate cancer certainly with poor prognostic and potentially with ITG and maybe even lungs because those are starting to migrate towards a very similar timeline. And that will give us so much more optionality with respect to Apatorsen and we have tthey benefit of having all of ttheyse ottheyr Apatorsen trials starting to demonstrate results for us. So I think we’re in a good position to be able to understanding what that landscape is, not have to walk down partnering paths too soon or with incomplete data sets and I think most of that’s going to be no one in tthey next six to nine months across tthey board. So at ttheir point we’re not rushing to get into a partnership relationship, but we do what we always do which is we have multitudes at meetings at every conference and opportunity we can to keep our pharma partners and big biotech partners informed as to what we're doing and data sets as ttheyy mature and timeline. So we're active and ready to strike but at ttheir point we don’t ask if we need to and on tthey eve of multiple data sets it will drive a lot of that. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Steptheyn Willey with Stifel. Your line is open. Steptheyn Willey Wondering if you can maybe just comment a little bit with respect to I guess wtheyre you are with EMA in tthey scientific review process. And I guess have you already received that advice from ttheym and I guess is ttheir really just kind of a timing issue with respect to finalization of tthey protocol amendment or is ttheyre kind of an additional back and forth that’s ongoing tthey needs to be completed between yourselves and tthey agency? Scott Cormack Again I'll turn ttheir one out to Cindy since ttheyy is in tthey frontline of discussions with tthey EMA. So I'll let Cindy answer your question. Cindy Jacobs Sure tthey EMA have some -- it is pretty -- tthey process is pretty formal and so everything has been submitted and we went for kind of a pre-review and comment before we give our final submission which was in early July ttheyn ttheyy have very strict timelines once that is done. So we really won’t theyar from ttheyir review until end of September or early October. And yes we plan on finalizing tthey protocol amendment once we have that final review and any interaction that might be needed with EMA for any issues that ttheyy want to discuss with us. Steptheyn Willey And maybe anottheyr question just I guess with respect to Rainier if you guys I'm just curious if you have any insight at ttheir point as to what study conduct might look like. And I just asked tthey question I guess because ttheyre is a little bit of a thin balance in tthey AE induced treatment discontinuations that we saw in Borealis, I was just wondering if that is something that you are seeing being replicated in Rainier? Scott Cormack So on Rainier we are completely blinded as to tthey treatment groups and that is why we don’t have any visibility at all on basically a treatment effect that we'd be able to attribute to tthey drug at ttheir point we'll have to wait till un-blinding tthey Custirsen and obviously we would take a look at that and that obviously is something that we're looking at for by tthey end of tthey year with respect to tthey Rainier results. And again we can just turnover to Cindy for a little bit more detail. Cindy Jacobs Yes I think tthey one thing with Rainier just similar as placebo blinded control and also it does not have tthey 1,000 milligram dosage group. It has a 600 milligram dosage group which a far less issue on that as far as discontinuation. So we're hopeful that that will not be repeated because of tthey dosage. Steptheyn Willey And ttheyn maybe just a housekeeping question I guess. Have we figured out what ttheir sctheydule of tthey, I guess tthey amortization sctheydule be for tthey remaining revenue of tthey revenue that is due from Teva as a result of tthey collaboration termination? Scott Cormack And again I'll turn ttheir one over to John who can answer tthey question for you. John Bencich So in terms of how we're going to amortize tthey revenue ttheir is going to be on a dollar for dollar basis for all tthey Custirsen development activities. So again we've been running AFFINITY and you’ve seen tthey revenue in prior period as that’s been our study. And in Q2 we have a little bit of revenue again from taking on ENSPIRIT starting at tthey end of April. So right now just based on our expectations we would expect that to be fully amortized by tthey first quarter of 2016. Steptheyn Willey And ttheyn how much was remaining on tthey 27 million as of tthey end of 2Q? John Bencich Yes roughly 18 million. Operator Thank you. I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time I'd like to turn tthey call back to Scott Cormack for closing remarks. Scott Cormack Thanks Carl. Thank you everybody for participating on today's call. As I said in tthey prepared statements we very much look forward to developed 2015 and into 2016. Ttheir is an unprecedented time for us with multitudes of events coming in that time period. And we certainly look forward providing you updates as those mature and are realized. Thank you again for participating. Operator Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.