Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 12, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants John Bencich - CEO & Director Cindy Jacobs - President, Chief Medical Officer & Director Jerry Wan - Principal Accounting Officer Conference Call Participants Thomas Flaten - Lake Street Capital Markets Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. John Vandermosten - Zacks Small-Cap Research Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your first speaker today, to Elijah Jones. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Company Representative Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. On tthey call today from Achieve, we have John Bencich, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, President and Chief Medical Officer; and Jerry Wan, Principal Accounting Officer. Achieve Management will be available for Q&A after tthey prepared remarks. I'd like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions, and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on our website. I'll now turn tthey call over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Elijah, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As you've probably theyard, last month, we reported a highly successful outcome of tthey ORCA-2 Phase III clinical trial of cytisinicline for smoking cessation. Cytisinicline demonstrated impressive efficacy across tthey primary and secondary endpoints for both tthey 6- and 12-week cytisinicline treatment arms. Tthey safety and tolerability profile remains best-in-class with single-digit rates of adverse events reported. We could not be more excited that cytisinicline succeeded in tthey challenge of theylping many long-term theyavy smokers in whom previous treatments have failed, successfully kicked tthey habit. And tthey timing could not be better to bring a new cessation option forward. For tthey first time in over 20 years, cigarette sales increased during tthey COVID-19 pandemic, while calls to quit lines dropped by nearly 30%. Ttheyre is still more than 30 million smokers in tthey U.S. alone and over $1 billion globally who have not been offered a new regulatory approved treatment in nearly 2 decades. Smoking kills more people every year than alcohol, AIDS, car accidents, illegal drugs and murders combined. In tthey U.S., it accounts for more than 480,000 deaths and billions in theyalth care dollars spent each year. Yet despite ttheyse alarming statistics, ttheyre have been very few clinical advances, aiding smokers and theyalth care providers to treat nicotine addiction. CHANTIX, which was FDA approved in 2006 and withdrawn from tthey market last year, was tthey leader in tthey smoking cessation category, generating over $1 billion in peak sales before going generic, with roughly 75% of those sales attributed to tthey U.S. market. While it has been considered tthey most efficacious treatment currently available, it was never able to reach its full potential of theylping more people quit successfully due to its side effect profile. In fact, wtheyn marketed, only 4% of tthey U.S. smoking population were prescribed CHANTIX each year. And in tthey ORCA-2 trial, less than half of tthey participants had ever used CHANTIX in ttheyir multiple prior quit attempts. Insights from our research and from smoking cessation opinion leaders and prescribers suggest that tthey primary reason a majority of smokers avoid starting or completing a full 12-week course of CHANTIX is due to tthey high incidence of side effects, such as nausea, theyadactheys and sleep disturbances. Based on prior evidence, we have always believed that cytisinicline could offer a more tolerable alternative, and we now have proof from a randomized Phase III study of more than 800 smokers to support ttheir belief. Tthey adverse event profile appears to be best-in-class with more theyadactheys and nausea in tthey placebo arm than in tthey active treatment groups. In addition, tthey odds ratios we observed in ORCA-2 are unprecedented, with 6 to 8x higtheyr odds of quitting at tthey end of treatment compared to placebo. And our quit rates were impressive despite tthey highly addicted study population and tthey execution of tthey trial during a pandemic. We are excited to see that both 6- and 12-week courses of cytisinicline ttheyrapy appeared to be highly effective for smokers. Tthey 6-week ttheyrapy option provides flexibility for a shorter treatment to achieve abstinence and is half tthey duration of current treatments. And finally, quite simply, it is a new option smokers and ttheyir doctors need new solutions. Ttheir is an indication that has not seen any new approved treatments in more than 15 years. We believe a new treatment option will provide hope to tthey millions of smokers who are ready to finally quit. We plan to offer that hope with cytisinicline. Turning to tthey top line data readout, I'd like to hand it over to Cindy to review tthey key findings from tthey ORCA-2 trial. Cindy? Cindy Jacobs Thanks, John. As John mentioned, we are pleased to report clinically robust and statistically significant results for both primary and secondary endpoints for 6 weeks and 12 weeks of cytisinicline treatment compared to placebo in ttheir trial. ORCA-2 is tthey first of 2 multicenter randomized Phase III trials evaluating cytisinicline for smoking cessation in adults in tthey U.S. Tthey trial is designed to evaluate tthey safety and smoking cessation effectiveness of 3 milligrams cytisinicline taken 3 times daily for eittheyr 6 or 12 weeks compared with placebo. Study participants were randomized to 1 of 3 arms, and received eittheyr 6 weeks cytisinicline followed by 6 weeks of placebo or 12 weeks of cytisinicline or 12 weeks of placebo. All subjects also received standard behavioral support for tthey duration of tthey study. Tthey ORCA-2 study had 2 independent primary endpoints that evaluated tthey success of smoking abstinence for both 6 weeks and 12 weeks duration of cytisinicline treatment compared to placebo. For both primary endpoint comparisons, smoking abstinence was defined as abstinence during tthey last 4 weeks of treatment. Ttheir 4-week bioctheymically verified abstinence measure remains tthey FDA's approvable endpoint for smoking cessation medications. Tthey corresponding secondary endpoints evaluated for continuous abstinence in those who successfully quit smoking by week 3 through to week 24 or by week 9 through to week 24, depending on treatment duration. ORCA-2 completed enrollment of 810 smokers at 17 clinical trial locations in June of last year. On average, tthey study population was 54 years old had been smoking for 38 years, had 4 prior quit attempts but were still smoking about a pack of cigarettes a day. After 12 weeks of cytisinicline, 32.6% of smokers had quit smoking compared to only 7% of smokers treated with placebo. Ttheir resulted in an odds ratio of 6.3 with a p-value less than 0.0001, meaning of smokers treated with cytisinicline had 6x tthey odds or likelihood of quitting smoking compared to smokers treated with placebo, and it was highly statistically significant. For tthey secondary endpoint at 24 weeks, 21.1% treated with 12 weeks of cytisinicline were nonsmokers compared to only 4.8% treated with placebo. Ttheir gave an odds ratio of 5.3 for remaining a nonsmoker at 24 weeks after 12-week cytisinicline treatment, and also had a p-value of less than 0.0001. After 6 weeks of cytisinicline, 25.3% of smokers had quit smoking compared to only 4.4% of smokers treated with placebo. Ttheir resulted in an odds ratio of 8, meaning that those smokers treated with cytisinicline had 8x tthey likelihood of quitting smoking compared to smokers treated with placebo. And again, a p-value of less than 0.0001 was observed. For tthey secondary endpoint at 24 weeks, 8.9% treated with 6 weeks of cytisinicline remained nonsmokers compared to only 2.6% treated with placebo. Ttheir gave an odds ratio of 3.7 for remaining a nonsmoker at 24 weeks after 6-week cytisinicline treatment with a p-value of 0.0016. Turning to tthey top line safety and adverse events reported in ORCA-2, tthey frequency of treatment emergent adverse events was similar in all 3 arms. We continue to see that cytisinicline is very well tolerated with tthey incidence of specific adverse events in tthey single digits. Tthey most common adverse events occurring in 5% or more of study participants were only insomnia, abnormal dreams, theyadactheys and nausea. As John mentioned, tthey frequency of nausea and theyadactheys were higtheyr in tthey placebo arm than in tthey cytisinicline-treated arm. Tthey frequency of insomnia or abnormal dreams, was only slightly higtheyr in tthey cytisinicline treated arm as compared to placebo. We expect that tolerability will remain a critical point of differentiation from currently available treatments, and believe that cytisinicline, wtheyn approved, has tthey potential to become a new gold standard or preferred treatment for smoking cessation. That concludes tthey overall view of results. We continue to review additional findings and look forward to submitting ttheyse data for publication in tthey near future. John Bencich Thanks, Cindy. We are very excited about tthey strength of tthey ORCA-2 results and tthey magnitude of effect seen with cytisinicline throughout tthey ORCA program. We continue to see strong efficacy particularly wtheyn we consider tthey odds ratios that have been reported for available cessation treatments. Efficacy for both tthey 6- and 12-week treatment arms of ORCA-2 exceeded what was previously reported for cytisinicline, proving our hypottheysis that tthey higtheyr 3-milligram dose given for a longer duration has improved outcomes for smokers. Our focus now turns to tthey enrollment and execution of tthey confirmatory Phase III ORCA-3 trial and initiation of tthey Phase II ORCA-V1 trial in e-cigarette users. ORCA-3 is similar to ORCA-2 and that participants will be randomized to 1 of 3 study arms to evaluate 3 milligrams cytisinicline dosed 3 times daily over a period of eittheyr 6 or 12 weeks compared to placebo. ORCA-3 was initiated in January of ttheir year and aims to enroll 750 smokers at 15 clinical sites in tthey U.S. Regarding ORCA-V1, we continue to expect initiation of ttheir study in tthey second quarter, pending final release of grant funding from tthey NIH. Tthey Phase II ORCA-V1 study will enroll approximately 150 adult nicotine e-cigarette users in tthey U.S. and will be led by Dr. Larry Rigotti Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School and Director of tthey Tobacco Research and Treatment Center at Massachusetts General Hospital. As a reminder, we received tthey first trancthey of tthey NIH grant funding to complete critical regulatory and clinical operational activities such as protocol finalization, clinical site identification and submission of tthey new IND to FDA for tthey e-cigarette cessation indication. We have completed and submitted tthey documentation on ttheyse initial required activities and are awaiting tthey next trancthey of tthey NIH grant funding to initiate tthey ORCA-V1 study. Tthey growing number of e-cigarette users exceeds 11 million adults in tthey U.S. and ttheyre are currently no approved treatment options specifically indicated for ttheir population. We believe ttheir is an ideal population to continue our exploration of cytisinicline's ability to be safe and effective nicotine addiction treatment. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Jerry for our financial update. Jerry Wan Thanks, John. I would like to provide an update on our cash position as of March 31, 2022, as well as review our operating expenses for tthey first quarter. As of March 31, 2022, tthey company's cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash were $36.4 million compared to $43 million as of December 31, 2021. We believe our current cash balance is sufficient to provide runway into 2023. In addition to tthey reported cash balance and in connection with tthey positive ORCA-2 results, we also received approval from Silicon Valley Bank to access tthey remaining capital under our $25 million debt facility put in place in December 2021. Under tthey agreement, we now have access to an incremental $10 million of capital that can be drawn down at our discretion over tthey course of tthey next 12 months. No amounts have been drawn down to date. Turning to our statement of operations. Tthey company incurred a net loss of $7.6 million for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2022, as compared to a net loss of $8 million for tthey same quarter of 2021. Total operating expenses in tthey first quarter of 2022 was $7.2 million as compared to $8 million for tthey same quarter of 2021. Operating expenses decreased for tthey quarter ended March 31, of 2022, due to lower costs associated with tthey completion of tthey ORCA-2 trial. Ttheir was partially offset with tthey initiation of tthey ORCA-3 trial in January 2022. We anticipate our operating expenses to increase in tthey second half of 2022 as we furttheyr execute on both tthey ORCA-3 and ORCA-V1 trials. As a reminder, approximately half tthey cost from tthey ORCA-V1 trial are expected to be funded through a grant from tthey NIH. That concludes tthey summary of our financial results. I'll turn tthey call back over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Jerry. Ttheir is certainly a monumental time for Achieve with overwtheylmingly positive Phase III ORCA-2 results and tthey initiation of our second Phase III study in January, we are well on our way to bringing forward a long overdue new treatment for smoking cessation. Tthey nicotine addiction market continues to be significantly underserved and in need of new, safe and effective treatment alternatives. We believe that cytisinicline's differentiated safety profile, shorter course of treatment and compelling efficacy positions us well to make a significant impact in ttheir large market. We look forward to bringing you furttheyr updates on our continued progress. We appreciate you joining us today and for your continued support. I will now open tthey line for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. I show our first question comes from tthey line of François Brisebois from Oppentheyimer. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Dan on for Frank. Just a quick question on potential partnerships. Given tthey strength of ORCA-2 and moving forward as you start ORCA-3, I'm wondering if you could add any color on what those partnership discussions look like? How are ttheyy going? Any color you want to add to that? John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Dan. Thanks for tthey question theyre. Obviously, an important attribute as we roll along theyre. So as we just discussed, we're extremely excited about tthey top line results from tthey ORCA-2 trial. And we think ttheir is really going to be instrumental in furttheyring tthey discussions with potential partners and potentially acquisition partners. So ttheir is still early days. Ttheir is not something that's going to happen overnight, but we're I think encouraged by tthey response so far as we have had a chance to discuss tthey data to date. So I think more to come on that, but again, we're encouraged. Unidentified Analyst That's very theylpful. Just a quick one on ORCA-V1. Are you still on track to receive tthey $2.5 million from tthey NIH in tthey second quarter? Given NIH time lines and how ttheyy work, are you still on track to receive that atheyad of starting ORCA-V1? John Bencich Yes. So on tthey ORCA-V1 study, we will require tthey NIH grant funding to come through before we initiate that trial. Ttheir is our first grant that we're moving forward with. So we are in tthey midst of tthey logistics with NIH and NIDA on ttheir one, but we do anticipate that things are on track so we can initiate that trial by tthey end of ttheir quarter. Operator I show our next question comes from tthey line of Thomas Flaten from Lake Street Capital. Thomas Flaten Just out of curiosity on tthey SVB, are ttheyre any hurdles that you need to jump through to get that money? Or is it purely at your discretion? John Bencich So under tthey terms of tthey new agreement -- thanks, Thomas, for tthey question. It is at our discretion to take amounts down. If we were to take any down, which we have not to date, ttheyre would be some liquidity requirements to come with it. But we've been having access to an incremental $10 million as kind of a belt-and-suspenders proposition was a good thing to put in place with tthey strength of tthey data. Thomas Flaten Got it. And wtheyn can we expect an enrollment update on ORCA-3? John Bencich Good question. So you initiated ORCA-3 in January of ttheir year. And so I think we're encouraged with tthey enrollment to date. Things are moving along well. I think as we had indicated on tthey call theyre a couple of weeks ago, we would anticipate enrollment to complete by tthey end of tthey third quarter of ttheir year. So I think within that, we probably won't be giving a lot of granular updates in terms of tthey number of patients. But just as a reminder, tthey target is 750 subjects in ttheir trial across 15 centers, all in tthey U.S. Operator I show our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Higgins from Ladenburg Thalmann. Michael Higgins It was just 2 weeks ago, we spoke on tthey ORCA-2 results, congrats again on those. Wondering if ttheyre's any investigator-initiated study that you're aware of or that are underway? And do you think you'll get inbound interest to study cytisinicline now that ORCA-2 is out? John Bencich Michael, thanks for tthey question. So at tthey moment, we're not actively involved in any new cytisinicline trials. We are aware of some that are ongoing because ttheyre is and continues to be a significant amount of interest around ttheir compound. So I think as we do get inbound, I think we will assess wtheyttheyr or not it's something that we would like to support and get involved with. Michael Higgins And any plan to ORCA-2 out? You mentioned in your prepared remarks, as you did 2 weeks ago, to work towards publication. It would make sense that Dr. Larry Rigotti being a part of those being tthey PI, of course. But any ottheyr trials, journals ways you can get ttheir out? John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Michael, for tthey additional question ttheyre. So I think on additional data points, we ourselves are still getting more data points out of ORCA-2 that will continue theyre over tthey coming weeks. And I think as we get more of that information out, I think we'll assess ottheyr ways to get additional data points out into tthey market. I think as Cindy had articulated on tthey last call, we do see ttheir as strong data. And I think we want to work with Larry to get ttheir publittheyyd in a swift manner, so we can get tthey full data sets out of ttheyre. But ttheyre will be a number of data points that are beyond tthey top line results that we announced a couple of weeks ago that we think could be quite interesting as we move along. Michael Higgins Yes, I look forward to those. Last one theyre. Just to confirm tthey filing, assuming we've got very similar review theyre on ORCA-3 wtheyre you've hit strongly on both tthey 6- and tthey 12-week end points is called primaries. How does it work for tthey application? Do you file on tthey same endpoint as Varenicline, which is a 12-week end point and it's supplemented ttheym by 6-week data? Or do you file having 6 and 12 week? How does tthey language work out? John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Mike. I'll hand ttheir one over to Cindy. Cindy Jacobs Yes, it would be both 6 week and 12 week as far as being approved for treatment durations. Michael Higgins Interesting. So you have tthey comparator to Varenicline but in terms of tthey labeling, it can show 6, 12 and even 24-week data, I would assume? Cindy Jacobs Yes. So I mean ttheir -- we're really trying to get flexibility for smokers as well as ttheyir physicians. As tthey ORCA-2 showed if a smoker was very motivated and quit smoking by 3 weeks and continued nonsmoking to 6 weeks, and ttheyy didn't want to take any more treatment, that would be ttheyn tthey 6-week treatment. I do think, as Larry pointed out, we obviously had more individuals get more success tthey longer ttheyy were on treatment and stopped smoking. It took ttheym 5, 6 weeks, 7, 8 weeks. And certainly, by 9 weeks, ttheyn ttheyy had become a nonsmoker. So it really gives that flexibility to smokers and ttheyir physicians on how long tthey individual wants to continue treatment. Michael Higgins That's really theylpful. I see your comment on -- and we theyard ttheir 2 weeks ago, tthey longer that ttheyy're on, tthey more success ttheyy have. And I think we're looking for some patient-level data that will support that. Is that tthey case? And if so, is that kind of June, July timing? Cindy Jacobs Yes. So what we'll have is prevalence rates on each week. So you can see as each week who was a nonsmoker and who wasn't. And so we do expect that to be higtheyr as you get more treatment. It's very similar to varenicline in that regard. But for those individuals that stop smoking within 2 to 3 weeks, it's not that ttheyy have to continue for anottheyr 9 to 10 weeks of treatment because what tthey data will show is that ttheyre was no risk of relapse in those individuals if ttheyy switctheyd to placebo or ttheyy stayed on cytisinicline. So those -- that kind of information and endpoints will be in tthey publication. Operator I show our next question comes from tthey line of John Vandermosten from Zacks. John Vandermosten John, from your interest, it sounded like you were doing some commercialization research. And I'm wondering, what are tthey key factors that you think were able to drive Pfizer to get $1 billion in sales per year. Is ttheyre anything that ttheyy did that was -- that theylped ttheym get ttheyre that you think is particularly important? John Bencich Yes. Good question, John. Thanks for calling in. I mean I think one of tthey things that we're seeing now, which I think is still interesting, now that CHANTIX has been withdrawn from tthey market completely, and we do have at least a single generic that is now fully available. Like one, it hasn't taken over kind of wtheyre CHANTIX has been theirtorically, but it is on a run rate to sell about $300 million over tthey ensuing 12 months. So I think that is encouraging for us because for all practical purposes, it looks like we have a better product on our hands. And if effectively an inferior product is on pace, albeit at a lower price point than it's been theirtorically to do a fair amount of sales. I think that bodes well for tthey potential of cytisinicline long term. And I think tthey ottheyr piece to keep in mind is, frankly, just having a new treatment option. Ttheyre hasn't been anything new in over 15 years since CHANTIX was originally launctheyd, and I know that was a big attribute originally for that product as well. So I think given tthey fact that we've got as Cindy just talked about a shorter course of treatment, a significantly improved safety and tolerability profile and very strong efficacy, it should set up well to be a very compelling product on tthey market. John Vandermosten Okay. And ttheyn do you think it takes a big pharma to get that $1 billion that we all kind of think about? Or could a smaller company do it, too? John Bencich Yes. I mean, I think in some sense, you get in what you get out what you put in to a lot of tthey marketing efforts. I think with that being said, I think ttheyre are ways to take ttheir to market without tthey same level of capital needs that a large pharma would do. And I think just quite simply, tthey size of tthey market is so large, even going after a smaller percentage out of tthey gate should still result in really sizable revenues. So I think ttheyre is a range theyre. And I think as we continue partnering discussions and look at kind of what our role might be as well, we'll take that all into consideration. Operator I'm showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call back over to John Bencich, CEO, for closing remarks. John Bencich Thank you. Thanks again for joining us today. We appreciate your continued support and look forward to bringing you furttheyr updates on our continued progress as we move forward throughout 2022. Thanks again for joining us today. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.