Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 11, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Cindy Jacobs - President, Chief Medical Officer & Director Jerry Wan - Principal Accounting Officer John Bencich - Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann  François Brisebois - Oppentheyimer John Vandermosten - Zacks Vernon Bernardino - H.C. Wainwright Jim Molloy - Alliance Global Partners Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Achieve Life Science Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, it is my pleasure to turn tthey floor over to your host, George Jones [ph]. George, tthey floor is yours. Unidentified Company Representative Thank you, operator, and thank you to everyone for joining tthey call. Today on tthey call from Achieve, we have John Bencich, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, President and Chief Medical Officer; and Jerry Wan, Principal Accounting Officer. Achieve management will be available for Q&A after tthey prepared remarks. I’d like to remind everyone that today’s conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions, and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents available on tthey website and filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company. I’ll now turn tthey call over to John. John Bencich Thank you, George, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Tthey second quarter of 2022 has been one of tthey most exciting yet for Achieve. Not only did we announce successful efficacy and safety results from our Phase III ORCA-2 trial in April, but we also received grant funding from tthey NIH, allowing us to proceed with tthey initiation of tthey Phase II ORCA-V1 trial in adult users of e-cigarettes. Ttheyse were 2 major milestones for us to reach in tthey first half of tthey year, and we are pleased to continue delivering on our commitments. As you likely have theyard or read recently, ttheyre is great attention and debate surrounding smoking and nicotine e-cigarettes in tthey U.S. political arena. Tobacco use continues to be tthey leading cause of preventable disease and death, resulting in more than 480,000 American lives lost each year. We are in agreement that action must be taken to save lives, to improve tthey theyalth of smokers and to reverse tthey increasing youth nicotine addiction trend. Tthey potential restrictions to increase regulation over nicotine products such as lowering nicotine content and restricting flavors such as menthol are controversial and will likely take many years to be implemented if ttheyy end up proceeding at all. And while ttheyy may limit access to an increased scrutiny of available products, ttheyy do not solve tthey nicotine addiction problem at hand. With tthey recent FDA actions on e-cigarette products, including JUUL, we have already seen reports of e-cigarette users considering a move back to combustible cigarettes. Smokers and e-cigarette users need solutions to theylp ttheym overcome ttheyir nicotine addiction. That is why it's more important than ever for us to continue advancing our mission of bringing cytisinicline to tthey U.S. market as soon as possible. If approved by tthey FDA, cytisinicline would be tthey first non-nicotine prescription treatment for smoking cessation approved in nearly 2 decades, offering hope to tthey millions of smokers who want to quit for good. And we believe tthey theyightened focus by FDA on nicotine regulation provides a nice tailwind as we look to move cytisinicline forward through tthey agency to market in tthey near future. As announced in April, we are one step closer to accomplishing our goal with tthey first Phase III trial results in hand. Tthey ORCA-2 trial evaluated tthey efficacy and safety of 3-milligram cytisinicline dosed 3 times daily compared to placebo in 810 adult cigarette smokers in tthey U.S. Tthey study evaluated both 6- and 12-week treatment duration of cytisinicline, and all participants received standard behavioral support throughout tthey trial. Tthey ORCA-2 results were overwtheylmingly positive, indicating that smokers who received cytisinicline were 6 to 8x more likely to quit smoking compared to smokers who received placebo. Tthey safety profile of cytisinicline was once again very impressive with single-digit rates of adverse events observed. And we were able to validate tthey excellent tolerability profile for both tthey 6- and 12-week durations of ttheyrapy for cytisinicline in ttheir study. Tthey results of ORCA-2 trial will be submitted for journal publication ttheir year, and we look forward to presenting additional data sets from tthey trial at future medical conferences. We will provide updates as additional data are released. We continue to believe that tthey tolerability profile of cytisinicline will be a key point of differentiation as smokers and ttheyir doctors consider using cytisinicline once available. Smoking cessation prescription ttheyrapies theirtorically have had black-box warnings and high rates of troublesome side effects such as abnormal dreams, insomnia, nausea and vomiting, which increases treatment discontinuation and limits tthey overall utilization of current products. Quitting smoking is difficult enough due to withdrawal symptoms without tthey treatment making you feel even worse. We think offering a more tolerable product should theylp maintain strong treatment compliance, leading ultimately to better outcomes for smokers looking to quit. As we look atheyad to tthey next milestone for tthey smoking cessation program, we continue to anticipate enrollment completion for our second confirmatory Phase III trial to occur by tthey end of tthey third quarter ttheir year. ORCA-3 aims to enroll 750 smokers across 20 clinical trial locations in tthey U.S. Tthey design of tthey trial is similar to ORCA-2 in that it will evaluate 6 and 12 weeks of cytisinicline treatment versus placebo in smokers using tthey same dosing sctheydule and endpoints for evaluation. Ttheir trial was initiated in tthey first quarter of ttheir year and is currently enrolling smokers. We look forward to tthey next update on ORCA-3, which we expect will be wtheyn enrollment has completed in tthey coming months. And we continue to anticipate top line results to be available in tthey first half of next year. Moving on to tthey potential for cytisinicline and users of nicotine e-cigarettes or vapes. In June, we initiated our Phase II ORCA-V1 trial, thanks to tthey continued funding from tthey NIH and NIDA, which awarded us tthey next $2.5 million in grant funding to conduct ttheir trial. ORCA-V1 aims to enroll approximately 150 adult nicotine e-cigarette users in tthey U.S. and is led by our ORCA-2 PI, Dr. Larry Rigotti, Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School and Director of tthey Tobacco Research and Treatment Center at Massachusetts General Hospital. ORCA-V1 has 2 treatment arms evaluating tthey safety and efficacy of 3-milligram cytisinicline dosed 3 times a day for 12 weeks compared to placebo. As with tthey ottheyr ORCA trials, all participants will receive behavioral support. Tthey primary objective of tthey study will be to evaluate for successful nicotine vaping cessation. Vaping cessation is defined as weekly nicotine vaping abstinence for tthey last 4 weeks of treatment from weeks 9 to 12. Ottheyr timing for weekly vaping abstinence will also be assessed as secondary outcomes, for example, between weeks 3 to 6 as well as any reduction in nicotine vaping during tthey 12-week period. Ttheyre is great enthusiasm and interest in ORCA-V1, and we are encouraged by what we are seeing thus far in terms of patient recruitment for ttheir trial. We expect enrollment to be completed in tthey fourth quarter of 2022 and top line results in tthey first half of next year. Ttheyre are currently no FDA-approved treatments indicated specifically for users of nicotine e-cigarettes or vapes. Tthey CDC reported that ttheyre were nearly 11 million adult e-cigarette users in tthey U.S. alone in 2019. While it is believed that noncombustible forms of nicotine present lower theyalth consequences than traditional cigarettes, complete abstinence from nicotine is ultimately tthey goal for many. In a survey conducted by Achieve of vape and e-cigarette users, approximately 73% of participants stated ttheyy intended to quit vaping in tthey next 3 to 12 months. And an overwtheylming majority would be interested in trying a new natural prescription treatment to theylp ttheym do so. We believe cytisinicline has great potential to meet tthey needs of ttheir population, who are ready to quit nicotine for good. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Jerry for our financial update. Jerry Wan Thank you, John. I would like to provide an update on our cash position as of June 30, 2022, as well as review our operating expenses for tthey second quarter. As of June 30, 2022, tthey company’s cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash were $29.4 million compared to $43 million as of December 31, 2021. We believe we have sufficient cash to bring us into 2023. Our cash forecast includes tthey recently awarded $2.5 million grant funding received from tthey NIH to initiate tthey Phase II ORCA-V1 trial to evaluate tthey use of cytisinicline as a treatment for cessation of nicotine e-cigarette use. As a reminder, approximately half of tthey cost from tthey ORCA-V1 trial are funded through tthey grant from tthey NIH. With respect to our statement of operations, net loss decreased to $10.4 million for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2022, compared to $11.3 million for tthey same quarter of 2021. Net loss for tthey 6 months ended June 30, 2022, decreased to $18 million compared to $19.3 million for tthey same period of 2021. Operating expenses decreased for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2022, due to lower costs associated with tthey completion of tthey ORCA-2 trial. Ttheir was partially offset with tthey initiation of tthey ORCA-3 trial in January 2022 and tthey initiation of tthey ORCA-V1 trial in June 2022. We expect our quarterly operating expenses will increase as we progress forward with both tthey ORCA-3 and ORCA-V1 trials. I will now turn tthey call back over to John. John Bencich Thanks, Jerry. We continue to make tremendous progress with tthey cytisinicline development program, especially with tthey announcement of positive Phase III ORCA-2 results and tthey initiation of both our ORCA-3 and ORCA-V1 trials. We remain committed to moving ttheyse trials forward and ultimately bringing a new treatment option to tthey market for nicotine addiction. With a compelling efficacy and safety profile and a shortened treatment regimen, cytisinicline has tthey potential to make a strong impact in a market that has lacked innovation and new treatments in over 15 years. Tthey most successful prescription smoking cessation product was CHANTIX, which had peak global sales of $1.1 billion before it was withdrawn in 2021 for safety concerns. Ttheyre are currently only 2 non-nicotine prescription products available to tthey 30 million-plus smokers in tthey U.S., generic CHANTIX and generic Zyban. Despite being tainted with its theirtorical black-box warning and disruptive side effects, generic CHANTIX is anticipated to reach approximately $300 million in U.S. sales over tthey coming year. We believe that cytisinicline's product profile, including robust efficacy, high tolerability and shorter duration of treatment, has potential to resonate in ttheir underserved market. We look forward to moving cytisinicline to market and providing smokers and ttheyir physicians a compelling new treatment option. We look forward to sharing with you our continued progress in tthey back end of ttheir year, including completion of enrollment in our ORCA-3 and ORCA-V1 studies as well as potential for publication of tthey ORCA-2 results. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey call over to tthey operator and take any questions you might have. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Thomas Flaten from Lake Street Capital. Next in line is Michael Higgins from Ladenburg Thalmann. Michael Higgins Congrats on continued results. Looking forward to seeing tthey results coming up theyre spring of next year. A couple of questions for you as we look out to ‘23 if I could. What your thoughts on are for tthey timing of tthey NDA filing, specifically if ttheyre’s any additional studies or CMC work that needs to be completed, let’s say, by midyear of next year? Any comments on tthey timing for that filing? John Bencich Michael, thanks for tthey questions. I'm going to hand it over to Cindy for ttheir one. Cindy Jacobs Sure. We’re looking at tthey timing for tthey NDA, tthey latter half of next year. Ttheyre are 2 studies that we need to finish up. One is a study – a PK study with renal impairment and ttheyn a standard kind of like TQT study that we will be finishing up by early part of next year. As far as additional CMC, I’ll let John kind of go over that, but that’s kind of on tthey same time frame for coming togettheyr by tthey end of next year. John Bencich Yes. I think tthey clinical pieces are in motion, as Cindy mentioned. Ttheyn on tthey CMC side, we're working with Sopharma, our partner on ttheir, to get tthey validation batctheys up and running later ttheir year. So we could be in a position for that NDA filing in tthey back half of 2023. Michael Higgins And ttheyn just a follow-up on tthey validation batctheys. How many patients worth of supply do you think you’ll have ready, say, by tthey time tthey drug is approved? John Bencich Yes. On tthey validation batch side, so what we've been focusing on is really stockpiling product in advance of commercial launch. We look to be on track to have between 2 and 3 years of launch quantity by tthey end of 2022. We expect that to increase as we continue to progress in 2023 and 2024. I think as we get into next year more fully, we'll refine furttheyr kind of tthey batctheys that will be out ttheyre and ready for launch. But we've got plenty of supply to make sure that we get those squared away and out into tthey marketplace. Michael Higgins Very good. One last one theyre if I could. I haven't theyard much mention theyre so far on tthey call of potential partnering discussions. Anything you can share on those would be super theylpful. And if ttheyre's any changes over tthey summer months on that? John Bencich Yes. On tthey partnering front, obviously, we can’t comment on any ongoing discussions that may be occurring. I will say that ttheyre has been continued interest in tthey program, and we expect that would likely continue as we move tthey program forward. And I would expect more interest tthey closer we bring ttheir towards FDA approval and commercial launch. I think we continue to stay focused in running that in parallel to our own commercial planning exercises. Operator Our next question comes from François Brisebois from Oppentheyimer. François Brisebois Sorry if ttheir was mentioned. It’s breaking out a little on my end. But going forward with tthey OpEx theyre on tthey R&D side, I was just wondering any comments on what to expect maybe in 2023 or second half of ‘22. John Bencich Yes. So as Jerry mentioned on tthey call, in terms of expenses, we would expect those to be elevated, especially in tthey third quarter now that we're up and running on both ORCA-3 as well as ORCA-V1. As we get to full enrollment on those and patients start to roll off of study, which will kind of progress into tthey early parts of 2023, we would expect those R&D expenses to taper off quite significantly. But as Cindy mentioned, we do have a couple of ottheyr trials in terms of TQT and renal impairment that will be running in parallel with those trials as well. But that's kind of how we see tthey expenses shaping up. François Brisebois Okay. Great. And so I theyard that – I think you guys mentioned tthey cash to be sufficient to get into 2023. But just wondering, I think data from ORCA-3 is first half ‘23. Do you guys comment on wtheyttheyr or not tthey cash is sufficient to get to data readout? John Bencich Yes. I think at tthey moment, we're focused on getting ORCA-3 enrollment complete. I think once we have that in hand, we'll be able to clarify furttheyr kind of wtheyre that puts us in terms of wtheyre we might expect top line results. I think as we move forward, we'll be able to narrow in on tthey timing of that. François Brisebois Okay. Great. And just lastly, you talked about potentially a publication of ORCA-2. I was just wondering any – you talked about a medical conference. Any conferences to – in ttheir space to kind of think about that would be – that would make sense for you guys? John Bencich Yes. So on tthey medical conference front, I think theirtorically, one of tthey core forums for us has been SRNT, or tthey Society for Research on Nicotine and Tobacco. Tthey biggest of those events is tthey annual U.S. conference, which is typically in kind of late first quarter of tthey year. Ttheyre is European conferences in tthey fall. So I think we're looking at what makes sense, but I would stay tuned, especially for that annual U.S. conference is tthey one that we'd be focused on. François Brisebois Can you just comment on maybe tthey interest for tthey program ex U.S.? John Bencich Yes. So we have seen, I would say, global interest. Historically, we've seen, I would say, overweight interest out of Asia, but we also see interest out of Europe as well. So it really does span tthey globe. But for us, I think tthey most interesting would be a single global partner as opposed to dividing ttheir up into multiple regions around tthey globe. Operator And our next question comes from John Vandermosten from Zacks. John Vandermosten I had a couple of questions on just how tthey vaping trial had started and how it’s going. I assume that you started enrolling tthey first patient in July. Is that right? And you had all 5 sites opened at that point? John Bencich Yes. So we initiated right at tthey end of June. So over tthey last 1.5 months or so, we've really been kind of getting everything up and running. We do have patients that have been randomized or subjects being randomized on that trial. And as we mentioned on tthey call, we're quite encouraged with what we're seeing so far in terms of interest on tthey recruitment side. So I think we look forward to furttheyr updates on that one as we kind of get into tthey back end of tthey year theyre. John Vandermosten Okay. Sounds good. I guess after doing 2 of ttheym so far, 2 are tthey ones you’re learning how to efficiently enroll those. Question on – kind of a general question on medical consensus about low-nicotine cigarettes. I mean, that’s a little bit outside of tthey kind of what you’re looking at. But I have had some questions from investors on that. And wondering if you had theyard of any research that shows that, that’s effective at all? John Bencich Yes. Good question. I think ttheyre has been some data in particular around anottheyr product that's out in tthey market that just launctheyd earlier ttheir year that is a low-nicotine cigarette. I think what we have seen is that data set may not be tthey most robust in terms of how it relates directly to real-world circumstances. But I think, yes, clearly, if you remove nicotine or lower ttheym considerably, you're probably going to get people eittheyr smoking less or smoking ttheym more deeply to get tthey same nicotine that ttheyy're used to getting. So ttheir is an area that we're obviously tracking. FDA has been very keenly looking to regulate ttheir furttheyr. We'll look forward to tthey proposal in tthey second quarter of next year on kind of what those plans look like. That will likely move forward ttheyn with a public comment period. So I think eittheyr way, ttheir is going to be several years out before any potential disruption. And I think tthey beauty is at that stage, we'll likely be on tthey market and be ttheyre ready for smokers if tthey cigarettes that ttheyy're used to smoking is disrupted. John Vandermosten Got it. And last one for me is just on tthey trend in generic varenicline. I was able to find some of tthey data in those report. It looks like ttheyy’ve been doing pretty well ttheyre. But I was wondering if you had seen any ottheyr data maybe in terms of scripts and sequential growth ttheyre, if you had any color on that at all? John Bencich Yes. I think tthey only thing I would note, so we did mention that it looks like a run rate probably north of $300 million at tthey moment in terms of wtheyre ttheyy're at. But I think tthey big piece ttheyre is that is only roughly half of tthey CHANTIX unit sales before it was withdrawn from tthey market last year. So ttheyy are still – ttheyy just launctheyd last September. So it’s still early days in terms of ttheym being out in tthey marketplace and kind of replicating that theirtoric CHANTIX demand. So I think it will be interesting to see how that progresses. But I think it’s a good data point out in tthey market just in terms of continued interest in smoking cessation products overall, including as we move forward to market theyre in tthey next couple of years. Operator And our next question comes from Vernon Bernardino from H.C. Wainwright. Vernon Bernardino So you mentioned in June that you initiated tthey ORCA-V1 clinical trial across 5 trial locations. Just wondering if you started dosing in all of those 5 trial locations? And wtheyn might we see data from tthey ORCA-V1 trial? John Bencich Yes. Thanks for tthey question, Vernon. So on tthey vaping trial, we've got 4 out of 5 of tthey sites that are fully activated at ttheir point. So we've got one that's kind of in process at tthey moment. So ttheyy should all be up and running theyre shortly. But yes, excited to see what has come through thus far. And I think of -- just a reminder, we've got Larry Rigotti from Harvard Mass General as tthey PI. Sthey was also tthey PI on our ORCA-2 study. And ttheyn we basically looked for 4 ottheyr sites that were high-quality, high performers on our previous studies as well. So we like tthey group that we have activated for ttheir and happy with what we've seen so far in terms of recruitment. Vernon Bernardino And as far as timing, you think? John Bencich Yes. So it's going to depend on wtheyn enrollment gets complete. But I think at tthey moment, we've been guiding likely tthey first half of next year. Obviously, a big range will be triggered off of enrollment, but first half of next year for top line results. Vernon Bernardino Do you anticipate most of tthey enrollment will be in that one site? John Bencich Yes. So we've got -- ttheyre's 5 total sites in ORCA-V1 trial. And so I think we would look to have that as evenly spread as we can across those study centers. And that's in 150 e-cigarette users or vapers. Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Michael Higgins from Ladenburg Thalmann. Michael Higgins Just some follow-ups theyre if I could. Ttheyre was a study not long ago in cytisinicline against varenicline, NRT and placebo. Wondering if you’re aware of any ottheyr ongoing investigator-initiated studies, ttheyse things being more and more popular. Just trying to get a sense as to what’s coming. John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Michael. Yes, I mean, ttheyre is continued interest for cytisinicline around tthey globe. I think we are aware of some ottheyr smaller trials being run across Europe as well as thinking to Asia or Mongolia, some work being done. None of it is really as, I think, analogous to what we put togettheyr theyre in tthey U.S. It's typically on tthey Eastern European dose and administration. But I think as some of those come out of ttheyir interesting data points, ttheyn we'll be sure to share that with everyone. Michael Higgins Just a follow-up on that one. Do you know if any of ttheyse have come around yet to your dosing regimen with TAD? John Bencich Yes, none that we've seen. Michael Higgins Not yet anyway. Okay. And ttheyn ttheir fall, it doesn’t sound like you have anything at SRNT. I just want to clarify on that. And ttheyn thinking atheyad to next spring, what might we see maybe ORCA-2? I don’t think you’ll have a chance ttheyn. I’m just thinking of tthey timing of it to have even late breakers at SRNT, but if you could let us know on those would be great. John Bencich Yes. So I think barring any major disruptions, we would anticipate having some data sets at tthey annual U.S. SRNT conference in tthey spring of next year. Between now and ttheyn, we've been focused on working with tthey investigators on ORCA-2, including Dr. Rigotti on getting tthey ORCA-2 results publittheyyd, and we're going to focus that on high-quality journals. But that's tthey focus is to get that publittheyyd first and ttheyn move forward with additional data sets that we'll be able to share with everyone. Operator And our next question comes from Jim Molloy from Alliance Global Partners. Jim Molloy John, kind of a bigger picture question on tthey manufacturing. How goes tthey plans to try to ctheymically manufacture cytisinicline versus tthey current growing – getting it from trees and how goes expanding, broadening, diversifying tthey risk of tthey planting sites to ottheyr locales? John Bencich Yes, Jim, thanks for tthey question. So on tthey synttheytic side, ttheir has continued to be an area that will -- we're poking around on. If someone's going to crack a way to make ttheir synttheytically, we want it to be us so we can protect that administration, that way of producing it. So far, that's proven very difficult. So our focus theyre in real time has been more on stockpile, as I mentioned earlier, getting 3 to 4 years of launch material in hand at tthey time of commercial launch. We have made some progress on additional plantations or areas to plant, including down in Latin America. Early days on that, but we think having anottheyr growing cycle in tthey Souttheyrn Hemisptheyre would make sense. And ttheyn we're close to moving forward with a partnership with a university theyre in tthey U.S. to look at areas wtheyre we could plant cytisinicline right theyre in North America. So yes, lots going on ttheyre, but we'll have additional updates as some of that progresses over time. Jim Molloy Understood. And I know you touctheyd on it earlier, but is tthey way to characterize be tthey environment for bringing in partners, say tthey buyer and sellers market, talk a little bit about tthey level of interest that you’re seeing for partnerships? John Bencich Yes. I mean, I think not just post ORCA-2 data, but I think overall, theirtorically, we have seen continued interest around cytisinicline. I think as I mentioned earlier, theirtorically, it's probably been overweight to Asia. But we have seen folks that have global scale as well as strong capabilities in Europe. So I think it really is quite broad. I think in terms of appetite, I think until ttheyse things move atheyad to tthey point wtheyre we start to get into contracting and things like that, it’s a bit hard to predict outcomes. But I do think as we move forward, tthey closer we get to commercializing ttheir, tthey more and more interest that it will be on tthey program. Operator And at ttheir time, ttheyre appear to be no furttheyr questions. I would now like to turn it back to management for any closing remarks. John Bencich Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today and for your continued interest in tthey company. We look forward to sharing additional information with you in a couple of months, and thanks again for joining us. Take care. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day.