Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 13, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Jaime Xinos - Executive Vice President, Commercial John Bencich - Chief Executive Officer Cindy Jacobs - President & Chief Medical Officer Jerry Wan - Principal Accounting Officer Rick Stewart - Executive Chairman  Conference Call Participants Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Vernon Bernardino - H.C. Wainwright & Co. Ted Yu - Zacks Small-Cap Research Operator Good day and thank you for standing-by. Welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After tthey speaker's presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to Jaime Xinos, Executive Vice President of Commercial. Thank you. Please go atheyad. Jaime Xinos Thank you, Randy, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. On tthey call today from Achieve, we have John Bencich, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, President and Chief Medical Officer; Jerry Wan, Principal Accounting Officer; and Rick Stewart, Executive Chairman of tthey Board of Directors. I'd like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on our website. I'll now turn tthey call over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Jaime. On today's call, we will review tthey progress we've made on tthey Phase III trial and ottheyr NDA enabling activities and provide an update on our Q1 financial results.  Let's begin with ORCA-2. As a reminder, ORCA-2 is a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled Phase III trial that is currently enrolling 750 adult smokers across 17 locations in tthey US. Tthey trial is designed to evaluate tthey safety and efficacy of 3-milligram cytisinicline dosed three times a day over a period of six and 12 weeks versus placebo.  Participants are being randomly assigned to one of three arms and receiving eittheyr 12 weeks of placebo, 12 weeks of cytisinicline or a combination of six weeks of cytisinicline followed by six weeks of placebo. After tthey 12-week treatment period, subjects are followed monthly out to 24 weeks. Behavioral support is being provided to all subjects throughout tthey study. Ttheyre are two independent primary endpoints that will evaluate tthey rate of smoking abstinence of cytisinicline compared to placebo at tthey end of both six weeks and 12 weeks of treatment. ORCA-2 will be successful if eittheyr or both of tthey cytisinicline arms show an efficacy benefit over placebo. We are pleased to share that ORCA-2 has reactheyd over 80% of tthey 750 subjects enrollment target, and we look forward to completion of enrollment by tthey middle of tthey year. As we discussed on our last call, we experienced slower than anticipated enrollment during tthey initial months of tthey study, which was primarily due to tthey pandemic and participants reluctancy for in-person site visits.  In response, we implemented numerous recruitment initiatives to increase tthey pipeline of potential subjects to be screened and successfully assisted tthey site's in finding qualified subjects for tthey trial. We also onboarded two new clinical sites in Atlanta, Georgia and Evansville, Indiana, bringing tthey total number of sites in tthey study to 17.  We are pleased to see tthey additional recruitment support tthey new sites have resulted in increased randomization, and we remain on track to completing enrollment by tthey middle of ttheir year.  Additionally, regarding our Q2, we have completed two data safety monitoring committee meetings. Tthey committee reviews general safety data and oversees tthey conduct of tthey trial. In both meetings, ttheyy did not identify any safety concerns nor any study conduct issues and recommended that tthey study continue as planned. Overall, we are pleased with tthey progress of tthey trial to-date and tthey efforts being made by our clinical trial sites across tthey US. As a reminder, tthey company will remain blinded, until tthey completion of all study follow up evaluations and until tthey database has been finalized and locked. We look forward to providing furttheyr updates on ORCA-2 wtheyn enrollment is completed. Additionally, we have continued to make great progress on numerous non-clinical NDA enabling regulatory requirements. We have completed and submitted to FDA both of tthey required long term chronic toxicology studies. In addition, we are also near completion of one of tthey two required carcinogenicity studies and have completed a special protocol assessment with tthey FDA for tthey second required study. By next year, we expect that all required non-clinical toxicology studies for an NDA will be completed. Also, in tthey first quarter, we had two important cytisinicline studies publittheyyd in leading peer reviewed scientific journals. First, tthey results from Achieve Phase 2 ORCA-1 trial, demonstrating superior quit rates for cytisinicline compared to placebo and impressive safety responses was publittheyyd in nicotine and tobacco research. As a reminder, ttheir study was instrumental in tthey selection of tthey 3 milligram dose and 3 times a day administration that we have taken forward into Phase 3 development.  Additionally tthey New Zealand RAUORA study showing improved efficacy and lower rates of adverse events wtheyn comparing cytisinicline to CHANTIX was publittheyyd in tthey journal addiction. We expect additional efficacy analysis from RAUORA, in tthey coming months and look forward to sharing that with you wtheyn available. Finally, ttheir quarter we announced tthey appointment of 2 new Directors to Achieve Board. Dr. Bridget Martell and Dr Cindy Jacobs. Dr Martell is Board certified in both internal and addiction medicine and is an experienced executive leader in tthey pharmaceutical industry. Dr. Jacobs serves as Achieve’s President and Chief Medical Officer, and in addition to theyr board duties, will continue in theyr current role, leading Achieve’s regulatory and clinical development efforts. Tthey appointment of Dr. Martell and Jacobs strengttheyns both our Board diversity, as well as our clinical and regulatory expertise. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Jerry to discuss our recent financial results. Maybe having an issue with Jerry's connection, so let me jump in. I'd like to provide an update on our cash balance as of March 31, 2021 and our operating expenses for tthey first quarter of 2021. As of March 31, tthey company's cash, cash equivalents, short term investments in restricted cash were $29.6 million compared to $35.9 million as of December 31, 2020. We believe our cash balance is sufficient to provide runway into tthey middle of 2022. Turning to tthey statement of operations, tthey company incurred a net loss of $8 million for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2021 as compared to a net loss of $3.3 million for tthey same quarter of 2020. Total operating expenses in tthey first quarter of 2021, increase to $8 million as compared to $3.4 million for tthey same quarter of 2020. As expected and highlighted during our call in March, operating expenses were elevated in tthey first quarter as enrollment in tthey ORCA-2 trial increased. We anticipate our operating expenses to remain elevated during 2021, as we continue to execute on tthey ORCA-2 trial. In closing, we continue to make excellent progress on advancing cytisinicline through tthey required clinical and regulatory development process. In tthey first quarter, we saw significantly increased interest in momentum in ORCA-2, and look forward to tthey completion of enrollment in tthey middle of ttheir year. Additionally, we continue to execute on tthey required NDA-enabling activities and publication of key data to expand awareness of cytisinicline’s potential across new audiences. That concludes our prepared remarks. Thank you again for joining us. We will now open tthey line to questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Higgins. Your line is now open.  Michael Higgins Thanks operator and congrats guys. Great to theyar of tthey 80% enrollment. Looks like you're on track for mid-year enrollment. Just want to ask that, if I could on that pace. Typically you see kind of a hockey stick shape on tthey enrollment. However, with smoking cessation January and New Year's resolutions are so impactful. Can you comment on tthey recent trends, tthey recent pace of that enrollment? Thanks. John Bencich Sure. Thanks Michael. Yes. I think in terms of enrollment, we actually didn't see that uptick like we had anticipated out of tthey gate in tthey first part of tthey year. We actually saw that uptick really happened kind of late February into March and April. And so what we continue to see on tthey ground is encouraging and more in line with wtheyre we had anticipated to be a bit earlier in tthey year. So I think everything we're seeing continues to indicate we're on track for completing enrollment in tthey middle of tthey year.  Michael Higgins That's great. And ttheyn just maybe more of a comment possibly, but just few weeks ago, JAMA had a publication about COVID, tthey "Lost Year" for Smokers Trying to Quit. North American Quitline had a publication out in March, saying tthey calls dropped significantly last year. So it seems like people were smoking quite a bit. Ttheir has been a topic tthey last six plus months or so, we've talked about is trying to get a handle on that and ttheyre's anecdotal that was suggested, it's reduced a bit and maybe tthey smoking rates were up a bit rattheyr. Has that impacted enrollment in any way? And what do you think of that wtheyn you think of tthey market opportunity? John Bencich Yes, I think, overall tthey market opportunity hasn't changed for us. I think tthey pandemic has created some challenges that we saw in tthey trial. And I think that's really been tthey result of people being more reluctant to leave ttheyir homes. So we clearly saw that. I think that's played out across tthey space as people have been more reluctant to go into make quit attempts or to even access some of tthey behavioral support that's available. But I think to your point, we may very well see an uptick in tthey number of smokers wtheyn 2020 is reported. So I think it's been an unusual year. It’s clearly a great time to quit because of tthey pandemic, which is tthey respiratory disease, and we know that smokers have worse outcomes, if ttheyy do get tthey virus. But I think it's been a challenging year for people to actually make those quit attempts. Michael Higgins Yeah. No, that's, I think, well said. And ttheyn just to switch it up a bit, but also kind of a topical story as we've seen tthey last few weeks and months, tthey current administration being much more aggressive against smoking, some of tthey products that are out ttheyre, et cetera. I'm wondering if that is going to have any impact on tthey potential for an e-cig study to have that funded by NIH and ottheyrs, because ttheir administration seems to be a bit more aggressive about kind of attacking so to speak tthey cigarette industry. Any updates on that from us guys? Thanks. John Bencich Yeah, on tthey e-cigarette grant application, we don't have any update to provide yet. We still remain on track for getting an answer back by tthey end of ttheir quarter. So that's something we continue to be excited about because that's a segment of tthey market that's grown leaps and bounds over tthey last 10 years, wtheyre we think ttheyre's a real opportunity to go to market and make a difference ttheyre. So hopefully ttheir administration is providing some additional support internally behind tthey scenes, but it's always a difficult thing to actually monitor from tthey outside. So, we remain hopeful and we'll keep everyone posted. Michael Higgins That's great. We'll stand tthey silence theyre hoping for tthey best ttheyre too. One last question. You mentioned a Bayesian analysis, actually I think I read ttheir in a press release, a Bayesian analysis tthey primary efficacy outcome designed going. Any updates for us as to wtheyn we'll see more from Dr. Walker study? John Bencich Yeah. We're still waiting on that as you are. And I think it's something that we would expect to see in tthey second half of ttheir year. So I think as soon as we get additional details on that, we'll be happy to share with everybody. Michael Higgins Thanks for all tthey feedback. Thanks guys. John Bencich Thanks Michael. Operator Your next question comes from Frank [indiscernible]. Unidentified Analyst  Yeah. Thank you for taking tthey question. Just a quick one theyre. Just wondering, John, is ttheyre any thought about doing anottheyr theyad to theyad trial theyre with CHANTIX, or is tthey safety potential advantages theyre enough to give ttheir a good commercial push? John Bencich Yeah. Thanks for tthey question, Frank. From our perspective, tthey going in position has always been a product with at least as good of efficacy, as tthey market leader with significantly better safety and a shorter course of treatment is going to be sufficient to garner market share in ttheir indication that we continue to get more data points both from RAUORA and we'll get obviously furttheyr data points out of ORCA-2, now that could potentially set up a future theyad to theyad trial against CHANTIX, that we would run. I think at tthey moment, we don't see that is something that's going to be commercially necessary obviously theylpful, if we were to do it. But I think for us, tthey current planning remains tthey same, which is, placebo controlled trials to get ttheir thing to approval. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Great. Thank you. And ttheyn in terms of tthey timing so middle of tthey year complete enrollment, can you just remind us between completion enrollment data, what's that timeline like? And ttheyn wtheyn you added sites theyre. Is ttheyre any issue in a trail like ttheir with added variability between sites or is that not a big issue theyre? John Bencich Yeah. Thanks for tthey question, Frank. I'm going to turn ttheir one over to Cindy to take that. Cindy Jacobs Sure. First for tthey timing, enrollment by mid of tthey year would put that all subjects would be completing tthey six months follow up by tthey end of tthey year. Obviously, ttheyn we need time to close and lock tthey database and analyze, so will be close to tthey end of tthey first quarter, beginning of tthey second quarter, most likely. As far as tthey two sites, no, we don't think adding two sites, so tthey total is now 17 instead of 15. We'll have that much effect on tthey variability. Most of tthey sites are at least doing 30, 40 subjects, so ttheyre are a few sites of doing better than ottheyrs than some that are just going to be doing 30 or 40. So, it will be a good distribution between tthey 17 sites.  Unidentified Analyst  Okay. Great. That's it for me. Thank you very much.  John Bencich  Thanks, Mike.  Operator Your next question comes from Vernon Bernardino.  Vernon Bernardino Hi, guys. Thanks for taking tthey question and congrats on tthey progress so far. John, I was just wondering if you could remind us tthey makeup of tthey clinical sites, what kind of sites are ttheyy? John Bencich  Yeah. So ttheyse are predominantly professional clinical trial centers. We've got two academic centers as part of those 17 ASU as well as Harvard & Mass General. But ottheyrwise ttheyse are professional sites that have -- at least some experience in smoking cessation programs in tthey past with behavioral support counselors on staff. So that's tthey mix of sites that we're using.  Vernon Bernardino Okay. And I missed it, what is tthey cessation of tthey cytisinicline?  John Bencich  So currently, I believe all, Cindy, you can correct me, but I think we don't have any duplicate centers across tthey state. So we're really across 17 different states, so ttheyy are geographically dispersed really across tthey US with a growth of focus perhaps through tthey South and up to eastern seaboard.  Vernon Bernardino I mean, predominantly in major cities.  John Bencich  Yeah, not necessarily all major cities. Ttheyy're around urban centers, but not necessarily large cities.  Vernon Bernardino And ttheyn my last question was, again, if you could remind us, is tthey most periodic ways that tthey clinical trial sites interact with tthey study participants? John Bencich  Cindy, you want to take that one? Cindy Jacobs  Are you saying as far as once ttheyy’re in tthey study or are you talking screening? Vernon Bernardino Once ttheyy're in tthey study because wondering how closely those participants are monitored? Cindy Jacobs  Sure. Ttheyy come in weekly into tthey clinic while ttheyy're on treatment, and ttheyn afterwards ttheyy come in monthly for follow up and completing at six months.  Vernon Bernardino And anecdotally, sorry my follow up. Are you seeing any change in ttheyir behavior because of tthey pandemic and tthey restrictions, as far as ttheyir monthly visits? Cindy Jacobs  No, I think that's wtheyre we had a slower enrollment at tthey beginning in January and February because subjects were not willing to come weekly into tthey clinic. We’ve definitely saw that easing up in March, April, and ttheyn ttheir month. So that has been a lessening of an issue as far as tthey weekly clinic visits for tthey first 12 weeks. Vernon Bernardino So ottheyr than ttheyir theysitation, you're satisfied so far with ttheyir participation in tthey study? Cindy Jacobs Right, because wtheyn we sign tthey informed consent is pretty clear all tthey -- all that ttheyy're expected to come in and do as far as testing and ttheyir parts. So in signing that consent form it's laid out exactly wtheyn ttheyy come in and what is happening.  Vernon Bernardino Okay. Okay. Thank you for taking my questions and tthey insight into tthey study. Appreciate it. John Bencich Thanks, Vernon. Operator Your next question come in from tthey line of Ted Yu. Your line is now open. Ted Yu Thank you very much. Hello John and team. Ttheir is Ted Yu, fitting in for John Vander today. Thank you for taking my question. During tthey last update, Achieve indicated that it was seeking non-dilutive funding to support a trial in vaping. Any advancements on that front? John Bencich Yeah. Thanks Ted. Yeah, we're still waiting for feedback. Ttheir is a you know a grant application, we submitted tthey very end of last year and based on tthey timelines we're expecting to get an answer back by tthey end of ttheir quarter, so stay tuned on that front. Ted Yu Okay. Best of luck on that. And just out of curiosity, how large is tthey vaping segments of nicotine users -- are tthey majority of nicotine users still smokers or are ttheyy starting go 50/50 or what does that breakdown look like? John Bencich Yeah, good question. So, we look at tthey rates of smoking in tthey US combustible cigarettes that is, it's been roughly 14% of tthey population, it actually hasn't shifted in over 3 years since 2017, tthey number of smokers has remained flat at roughly 34 million. Now over tthey last decade we've seen an expansion of tthey market with e-cigarette use, and recent estimates we've seen are upwards of 14 million US e-cigarette users. Now some of ttheyse do overlap. We do know that a number of folks that have moved over to e-cigarettes, weren't able to quit smoking. And now ttheyy're dual using both products, wtheyre you've got a handful of folks just using e-cigarettes alone, as well as a large segment of youth who have picked up those products in large part because of tthey popularity up products like Jewel. So, I think overall ttheyre's been, what I would call a likely market expansion, compared to wtheyre we were three or four years ago, so it hasn't been, you know, an erosion. Ttheyre has been some shifts, but I think largely it's expanded. Ted Yu Okay. So it does sound like many of tthey e-cigarette users actually just added to tthey population of nicotine users. Okay, well thank you very much. That does it for me today. John Bencich Thanks Ted. Appreciate it. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no furttheyr question at ttheir time. I will now hand tthey call back to John Bencich for closing remarks. John Bencich Randy, thanks everyone for joining us today. We appreciate everyone's continued support of tthey company, it's been an exciting time as we've been moving forward with enrollment. Look forward to completing that theyre in tthey middle of tthey year, and continuing to provide updates to everyone as ttheyy come in. So thanks again for taking tthey time. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.