OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals Inc (OGXI) Q4 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call March 9, 2016 4:30 PM ET Executives Jim DeNike - ‎Senior Director of Corporate Communications, Investor Relations Scott Cormack - President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, Director John Bencich - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President Cindy Jacobs - Executive Vice President, Chief Medical Officer Analysts Douglas Xu - William Blair Chad Messer - Needham & Company Joel Herin - RBC Capital Markets Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey OncoGenex fourth quarter 2015 conference call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Jim DeNike, Senior Director of Corporate Communications. Sir, please begin. Jim DeNike Thanks Vance and thanks everyone for joining us. With me today from OncoGenex are Scott Cormack, President and Chief Executive Officer, John Bencich, Chief Financial Officer and Dr. Cindy Jacobs, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to OncoGenex documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on tthey website. I will now turn tthey call over to Scott. Scott Cormack Thanks, Jim. On today's call, we will provide an update on our clinical development programs with near-term milestones that we believe could create significant value for tthey company over tthey next 12 months. Following our program update, John will provide an overview of our financial position that includes steps we have taken to furttheyr strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet. Ttheyse steps have extended our cash runway for additional six months, which now takes us into tthey third quarter of 2017. Our cash position will allow us to execute on our clinical development plans, including reporting of two Phase III clinical trials, two Phase II clinical trials and preparation of an investigational new drug application so that it would be submission ready for tthey FDA. Let me take a few minutes to walk you through tthey status of each of ttheyse programs starting with tthey Apatorsen IND in non-muscle invasive bladder cancer. Our Apatorsen compound is a subject of four ongoing clinical studies designed to evaluate wtheyttheyr inhibition of Hsp27 can lead to improved treatment outcomes for cancer patients. Tthey trials underway are designed to evaluate Apatorsen in bladder, lung and prostate cancer in combination with various treatments. Ttheyy are being conducted in order to provide information for designing future Phase III trials and could be used as supportive studies for registration purposes. Starting with bladder cancer. We have data in hand from two completed studies in advanced metastatic and non-muscle invasive bladder cancer. Ttheyse data include results presented at ASCO 2015 from tthey Phase II Borealis-1 trial in which patients who were defined as having risk for poor survival outcome and received Apatorsen in combination with ctheymottheyrapy experienced a 27% reduction in risk of death compared to patients receiving ctheymottheyrapy alone. Data has also been presented from a Phase I trial evaluating patients with non-muscle invasive bladder cancer in which 33% of tthey patients treated had no pathologic evidence of disease following treatment with Apatorsen. Based on ttheyse encouraging findings, we submitted a pre-IND package to tthey FDA for evaluation of intravesically administered Apatorsen in combination with BCG treatment in patients with non-muscle invasive bladder cancer. We recently received feedback from tthey FDA regarding our proposed trial protocol under ttheir newly proposed IND. I am pleased to report that tthey FDA had no objection to our proposed study population or classification of subpopulations in tthey study design and concluded that tthey proposed definitions of primary and secondary endpoints were acceptable. We are preparing tthey IND submission materials and tthey FDA feedback is theylping to frame discussions with potential partners interested in Apatorsen in ttheir indication. Given our current market cap and focus on ottheyr development activities, we do not intend to finance or fund furttheyr development of ttheir program without a collaboration partner. Tthey third trial in our bladder cancer program is Borealis-2, our largest Apatorsen trial to-date. Ttheir is an investigator sponsored, randomized Phase II trial evaluating Apatorsen in combination with docetaxel treatment compared to docetaxel treatment alone in patients with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer who have disease progression following first-line platinum-based ctheymottheyrapy. Tthey trial will randomize approximately 200 patients and results are expected in tthey second half of 2016. We are very excited about tthey progress to-date in our bladder cancer program and look forward to advances in a number of our programs throughout tthey rest of ttheir year. Turning to our ottheyr asset, Custirsen. We have two important Phase III clinical trial data milestones anticipated in tthey next 12 months. Tthey AFFINITY trial is our Phase III clinical trial evaluating tthey survival benefit for Custirsen in combination with cabazitaxel treatment as second-line ctheymottheyrapy in approximately 630 men with castrate-resistant prostate cancer. Tthey interim futility analysis for tthey intent--treat population was completed in December 2015. Per tthey recommendation of tthey independent data monitoring committee, tthey trial is continuing as planned. Both tthey IDMC and OncoGenex remain blinded to all analyses so far. Depending on timing of events, final results for tthey ITT population are expected in tthey third quarter of 2016. Tthey ENSPIRIT trial is our second ongoing Phase III clinical trial, which is evaluating a survival benefit for Custirsen in combination with docetaxel treatment as second-line ctheymottheyrapy in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. A final interim futility analysis with more rigorous criteria was successfully completed in July 2015 and tthey trial is continuing as planned. Based on current ENSPIRIT enrollment projections, we believe final survival results could be available in tthey first half of 2017. That concludes my summary of our clinical development programs and our upcoming milestones. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call over to John who will review our fourth quarter and year-end 2015 final results. John? John Bencich Thanks, Scott. As Scott mentioned, we recently implemented a plan to reduce operating expenses, including a significant reduction in theyadcount, external consultants and expenditures not required for completion of our ongoing studies. In doing so, we have extended our cash runway an additional six months furttheyr strengttheyning our cash position. We remain focused on executing our clinical development plans in order to reach several near-term milestones for both tthey Custirsen and Apatorsen programs while reducing at-risk spend. As of December 31, 2015, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased to $55.2 million from $47.1 million as of December 31, 2014. Based on our current expectations and following tthey recent restructurings, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to fund tthey company's currently planned operations into tthey third quarter of 2017 and through a number of anticipated and significant milestones. Those milestones include preparation of a submission ready IND application for Apatorsen treatment in patients with non-muscle invasive bladder cancer, announcement of Borealis-2 trial results in tthey second half of 2016, announcement Spruce trial results for tthey overall survival endpoint in tthey second half of 2016, announcement of tthey AFFINITY trial results in tthey third quarter of 2016 and announcement of ENSPIRIT trial results in tthey first half of 2017. Revenue for tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2015 was $6 million and $18.2 million respectively. Ttheir compares with $5.7 million and $27.1 million respectively in tthey same periods in 2014. Revenue recognized in 2015 is attributable to tthey advanced reimbursement received in tthey second quarter of 2015 under tthey termination agreement with Teva for research and development costs incurred by us related to tthey Custirsen development program. Total operating expenses for tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2015 were $9.5 million and $36.9 million respectively. Net loss for tthey fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2015 were $1.7 million and $16.8 million respectively. That concludes tthey summary of our year-end financial results. Before I turn tthey call over for questions, I would like to thank each of you for your ongoing interest in OncoGenex. We continue to look forward to a number of significant data milestones beginning in tthey second half of ttheir year that will frame what promises to be a pivotal 12 months for tthey company. Thank you, again. At that ttheir, I would like to invite tthey operator to open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey first question is from Douglas Xu of William Blair. Your line is open. Douglas Xu Hi. Good afternoon. I am just wondering what tthey Apatorsen IND that you are preparing? Is that kind of tthey study, if ottheyr studies fail, is ttheir kind of tthey one that you think you would push forward at ttheir stage? That's question number one. Number two, with regards to tthey second line non-small cell lung cancer setting in combination with Taxotere, so far we have seen Synta as well as Peregrine failed in tthey same setting. Granted tthey mechanisms are all very different, but tthey ottheyr two could not pass tthey futility analysis. So just wondering, what's your thoughts are on ttheir setting, ttheyse studies, tthey fact that you passed your interim futility analysis and things like that? Scott Cormack Right. Thank you for your questions, Douglas. So first of all, with respect to your question on Apatorsen and tthey plan for non-muscle invasive, as you know, we have got two sets of data set for bladder cancer that we are quite encouraged by. Tthey non-muscle invasive was one that we have talked about for tthey last number of conference calls wtheyre we saw tthey about 33% of patients that have passed CRs in about or after about a week of treatment. So that certainly is encouraging and does represent a go-forward plan that is independent of any additional data events for Apatorsen. Tthey second is actually Borealis-1. And Borealis-1, as you recall, particularly if we looked at tthey subpopulation that had poor prognosis did quite well. We are looking forward to seeing what Borealis-2 holds for us and as we noted in ttheir conference call, expecting tthey results from that trial in tthey second half. I would say if that trial also shows encouraging activity, ttheyn we probably have a path for both metastatic disease as well as non-muscle invasive. So I think we have got both of those trajectories presently in our sites. And that would be tthey go-forward plan. As far as orderly ranking of which one of those would be going forward, I don't think we could say until we see tthey Borealis-2 results, but stay tuned on that one. And as we said in our notes in ttheir call, tthey Borealis-2 trial is actually a large trial. It's 200 patients. So it does represent our largest trial to-date for Apatorsen and should give us pretty good signal. Your second question is an interesting one. Tthey ENSPIRIT trial and specifically tthey futility assessment that was passed and while we haven't been able to provide granularity of what that futility was, we have repeatedly indicated that it was a pretty material futility assessment that we are looking at for survival in ttheir patient population. And so, having passed that, to us, is a nice signal. And you are right, ttheyre have been ottheyr companies that have been developing drugs in similar states that has not yielded tthey same outcomes. I don't know what ttheyir futilities were specifically but I think looking at our data set certainly gives us indication that ttheir drug continues to be a drug of interest in non-small cell lung cancer. So we continue to push on that trial and look forward to seeing tthey results, as John said, in next year. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Chad Messer of Needham & Company. Your line is open. Chad Messer Great. Thanks for taking my questions. On ENSPIRIT, I believe tthey last estimate or readout had been 2H 2016 or at least that was an estimate at one point in time. Is that purely based on accrual or patients into tthey trial or events that you kind of think it's going to come in 2017? Scott Cormack Thanks for tthey question, Chad. It's mostly events. So as you know, I guess we have both features going. We are continuing to accrue tthey trial, but I think tthey accrual is tracking to what tthey expectations were. I think tthey bigger feature as we look at tthey events as ttheyy come in and remember, ttheir is on a pooled basis, so we can't track ttheym on a per arm basis. Ttheyy are not coming in at tthey same rate and that could be feature of tthey changing landscape and probably a few ottheyr things. But ttheir is always a difficult one to try to estimate because things like death events are difficult to assess, particularly in changing landscape. So that's tthey primary driver and things may change, forward or backward, actually as we continue through ttheir year and we will continue to provide updates as ttheyy become known to us with respect to timing. Chad Messer Great. Thanks. I know we have had ttheir discussion into ttheyse kind of blinded events accruing slower. It's just too difficult to try to figure out what it means. It could be good or bad. All right. And ttheyn just looking at tthey Apatorsen, tthey IND intravesicular, I assume one rationale ttheyre is to give that at tthey same time as PCG because that's best delivered that way, but in terms of that being a good way to deliver Apatorsen, is ttheyre preclinical work or ottheyr work that you have done to give you comfort that ttheir is going to be a good way to deliver Apatorsen? You have data showing a systemic delivery. You may have data on intravesicular, but I wasn't aware of it, if you did. Scott Cormack Yes. Again, a really good question, Chad. We do have preclinical data showing intravesicular administration of Apatorsen. So that was in an animal model and demonstrated activity in tthey PK/PD attributes that you would want to see. And ttheyn, I would say that is furttheyr substantiated by tthey Phase I trial that was done that also showed it was designed to basically show that if we administer Apatorsen into patients that had superficial non-muscle invasive bladder cancer that we would basically be able to see drug uptake and target knockdown. And again, that was something that has been publittheyyd. So I think that substantiates what we saw on tthey preclinical. I think on tthey broader front, bladder cancer particularly tthey non-muscle invasive, so I guess we will first tthey maybe tthey market. I think it's becoming probably better known by many that bladder cancer and specifically non-muscle invasive is a very large unmet need market. Bladder cancer is a disease that typically in its advanced stages does claim tthey lives of a lot of individuals and it is one of tthey larger indications. And fortunately, we haven't seen new developments in that disease setting for a long, long time. That's starting to change. We are starting to see some drugs come into tthey marketplace. But what's interesting, from a drug delivery perspective, is non-muscle invasive disease is one that is characterized by tthey tumors basically being in or just starting to protrude through tthey bladder wall. And so from a drug delivery perspective, if it's one of those rare circumstances wtheyre you can instill tthey drug directly into tthey bladder, you have drug and tumor environment directly contained in tthey same environment, which is kind of an ideal scenario for drug development and so on. And from a urology perspective, those clinicians are very used to taking and extracting things out of tthey bladder. It's a common practice that can be done pretty easily. So I think in ttheir indication, if we can take tthey drug and instill it directly into tthey bladder like that, put tthey drug right beside wtheyre tthey tumor burden, it's kind of a one of your more optimal ways that you could get treatment. We reserve systemic approactheys to more of your metastatic disease settings as we have in tthey ottheyr bladder trials and lung trials and so on and that's always a tougtheyr thing to do because you have got a much longer body environment wtheyre you are trying to get drug distribution. But I think tthey non-muscle invasive setting is certainly one that we are interested in because you can get drug right to tumor environment. Chad Messer Understood. So ttheir next one 's a bit like asking you pick your favorite child theyre but it sounds like given you are ponying up at ttheir stage for a company-sponsored trial and you have got a big readout coming up soon in metastatic bladder, that ttheir maybe to saying you guys believe have tthey most confidence and I was wondering if you could just on a relative basis confirm, deny or evade tthey question that ttheir is maybe tthey best shot, in your mind, based on tthey data that we have? Scott Cormack Right. So my children do ttheir to me ironically on a regular basis too, but trying to get ttheym to or me to pick to tthey favorite child. So I guess first of all, on tthey Apatorsen front, tthey bladder indication is tthey area that we have tthey strongest data, that we have both tthey Borealis-1 that gave us particularly in poor prognostic patients and ttheyn tthey non-muscle invasive was a similar signal of anticancer activity, because that was a single agent administration. So I think in tthey context of Apatorsen, bladder cancer is today an actionable path for us. We are not dependent on getting more data to say go forward into anottheyr stage of development. And that is different than obviously tthey ottheyr indications for Apatorsen. So I would say, bladder is tthey favored approach in tthey Apatorsen pathway. We still need to see what Borealis-2 shows us wtheyre I would say we haven't really determined wtheyttheyr a non-muscle invasive versus metastatic is actually tthey preferred setting. I think we have to reserve until we see Borealis-2 and ttheyn we can make that call. But right now bladder is a very good one that we can go after. With respect to tthey picking between Custirsen and Apatorsen, I think that's a much more difficult task. As we talked about and particularly in Douglas's question, we do have tthey information that we passed tthey futility and survival with non-small cell lung cancer patients. And that is something that we see as a positive signal to continue our enthusiasm. And ttheyn, with respect to tthey prostate environment, we still have tthey ITT analysis and we talked about tthey statistics and so on and wtheyttheyr that is a strong signal or not. We remain very committed to seeing tthey AFFINITY trial complete and look forward to those results in tthey second half. And I think that's going to be very exciting for us. And I personally have not at all given up hope on Custirsen at all for those two reasons. Chad Messer All right. Great. Thank you. Scott Cormack Thanks a lot, Chad. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from Joel Herin of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Joel Herin Hi guys. A quick question on tthey Teva breakup fee and Isis which is now Ionis Pharma, ttheyir requests for 30% of that, could you give a quick update on that? Scott Cormack Yes. Thanks for questions, Joel. Because ttheir is in active discussions with Ionis Pharma, we can't give an awful lot of detail. All we can really provide you is really what's in our disclosures which is as you properly stated, Ionis has made a claim to portion of tthey dollars that were provided to us from Teva in respect of tthey collaboration and development agreement for Custirsen. Our position, as we have stated, is that those dollars were advance reimbursement for continued development of tthey drug which is an excluded provision in tthey Isis agreement and we intend to continue to defend that position. And at ttheir point that's really all that we can give you much more detail on. Joel Herin Okay. Thanks. So is ttheyre a lawsuit being filed? Scott Cormack Yes. It has. Joel Herin Okay. Thank you. And second quick question, could you just elaborate quickly on tthey population that you intend to treat for tthey non-muscle invasive bladder cancer? Will you be targeting BCG refractory patients at all or purely patients before that stage? Scott Cormack Yes. So again, really good question, Joel. I appreciate ttheir. It's actually tthey BCG relapsing disease. So ttheyse are patients that would have had responses to BCG and would be eligible and appropriate for BCG retreatment. And so tthey patient population ttheyre is going to be, eittheyr ttheyy get BCG or BCG plus Apatorsen. And ttheyn really our focus is ttheyn directed towards wtheyttheyr tthey benefit is better in intermediate or high-risk disease wtheyre your endpoints are slightly different versus tthey carcinoma in situ, which is obviously tthey much more aggressive and lethal form of that disease and tthey endpoint ttheyre is typically response rate driven. A complete response rate. Joel Herin Perfect. Thank you very much. Scott Cormack Thanks a lot, Joel. Appreciate tthey call. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Scott Cormack for any closing comments. Scott Cormack Thanks a lot, Vance. We appreciate it and very much appreciate everybody's time and attention on ttheir call today as we wrap up by tthey results from 2015 and we continue to look forward to a number of significant data milestones beginning tthey second half of ttheir year that will frame, as John had said what promises to be a very exciting next 12 months for tthey company. We have got some very pivotal data sets and we look forward to providing those updates to you as our year progresses. Thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir concludes your program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.