OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (OGXI) Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2016 4:30 PM ET Executives Jim DeNike - Senior Director, Corporate Communications Scott Cormack - President & CEO John Bencich - VP & CFO Analysts Alexander Xu - William Blair Cindy Jacobs - EVP & CMO Jaime Welch - VP, Marketing & Corporate Communications Operator Welcome to tthey OncoGenex Second Quarter 2016 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Jim DeNike, Senior Director, Corporate Communications. Please begin. Jim DeNike Thanks, Christy and thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today from OncoGenex are Scott Cormack, President and Chief Executive Officer; John Bencich, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Cindy Jacobs, Chief Medical Officer. Jaime Welch, our Vice President of Marketing and Corporate Communications will also be available for tthey Q&A. Before we begin, I’d like to remind everybody that today’s conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions, and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to OncoGenex’s documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on tthey website. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Scott. Scott Cormack Thanks, Jim. On tthey call today I will provide an overview of our key clinical development programs including tthey two Phase 3 trials evaluating Custirsen in prostate and lung cancer. I will also review our up Apatorsen and bladder program and ttheyn turn tthey call over to John for an update on our financials. Starting with Custirsen, our AFFINITY trial is expected to read out shortly specifically by tthey end of ttheir quarter. AFFINITY is a Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating tthey survival benefit for Custirsen in combination with cabazitaxel a second line ctheymottheyrapy in approximately 630 men with castrate-resistant prostate cancer.  Custirsen is tthey only product currently in a Phase 3 clinical trial for men following initial ctheymottheyrapy failure. Well a number of new ttheyrapies have been approved in recent years most prostate cancer treatments eventually fail and new options are needed for men with advanced disease. Despite ttheir need ttheyre is limited clinical research of new ttheyrapies being conducted in late stage prostate cancer, for ttheyse reasons we believe ttheyre is a unique opportunity for Custirsen in ttheir setting. Ttheyse opportunities include tthey potential to extend tthey lives of men with metastatic prostate cancer who are experiencing disease progression following initial ctheymottheyrapy. Ttheir is tthey patient population currently being evaluated in tthey AFFINITY trial. Anottheyr potential opportunity to evaluate Custirsen in combination with ctheymottheyrapy and androgen deprivation in men with high volume and high risk disease based on tthey compelling results from tthey completed Charted [ph] and Sanofi trials. Ttheir opportunity would require an additional clinical trial to expand our initial label, assuming of course success in tthey AFFINITY trial We look forward to sharing tthey results of tthey AFFINITY trial in tthey near future. Our second Phase 3 clinical trial ENSPIRIT s an ongoing pivotal study which is evaluating tthey survival benefit for Custirsen in combination with docetaxel treatment as second-line ctheymottheyrapy in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. A final interim futility analysis with more rigorous criteria for continuing tthey trial was successfully completed in July 2015 and tthey trial is continuing as planned. Based on current ENSPIRIT enrollment projections, we believe final survival results could be available by tthey first half of 2017. Similar to prostate cancer, tthey increasing use of new treatments in earlier lines of ttheyrapy will lead to patients receiving more treatments. We expect ttheir will lead to overall market expansion. We also expect ctheymottheyrapy to remain a fundamental treatment option for non-small cell lung cancer regardless of theirtology because not all patients respond to new ttheyrapies and for those that do respond unfortunately ttheyir disease will likely progress. We believe tthey Custirsen could provide an important option to late stage patients by improving tthey current survival benefit offered by ctheymottheyrapy alone in patients who have received previous treatments. We're very excited about Custirsen potential in both of ttheyse indications as eittheyr could make a meaningful difference in patients' lives and can also provide a significant revenue opportunity for OncoGenex. Turning to our ottheyr asset, Apatorsen, ttheir compound is designed to target HSP27 a target that has been associated with tumor progression and treatment resistance. Apatorsen is currently being evaluated in bladder, lung and prostate cancer. Based on previous results in non-muscle invasive f bladder cancer we are close to finalizing an IND submission with a pivotal study that would include a safety lead in and three randomized cohorts in three distinct patient populations. We do not intend to find furttheyr development of ttheir program without an collaboration partner or before we report F&D [ph] results in addition to our progress in tthey non-muscle invasive setting we’re also expecting results from our largest Apatorsen trial to-date which is for metastatic bladder cancer. Borealis-2 is evaluating Apatorsen in combination with docetaxel treatment compared to docetaxel alone in patients with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer who have disease progression following first line platinum based ctheymottheyrapy. Tthey trial has randomized approximately 200 patients and results are expected in tthey fourth quarter of 2016. We are encouraged by tthey Apatorsen data collected to-date in bladder cancer and look forward to additional results by tthey end of ttheir year.  That concludes my summary of our clinical development programs and our upcoming milestones. Ttheir time I would like to turn tthey call over to John who will review our current cash position and second quarter financial results. John? John Bencich Thanks, Scott. Our cash position remain strong and should allow us to achieve tthey milestone that Scott just summarized without tthey need to raise additional capital. As of June 30, 2016 our cash, cash equivalents and short term investments were 39.7 million compared with 55.2 million as of December 31, 2015. Based our current expectations we believe that our cash position will be sufficient to fund our currently planned operations into tthey third quarter of 2017. Depending on timing of enrollment or event driven final analyses tthey expected key milestones and activities included announcement of tthey Phase 3 AFFINITY trial results in tthey third quarter of 2016 announcement of tthey Phase 2 Borealis-2 trial results in tthey fourth quarter of 2016, completion of a submission ready IND application for Apatorsen treatment in patients with non-muscle invasive bladder cancer and announcement of tthey Phase 3 ENSPIRIT trial results by tthey first half of 2017. Shifting to our results of operations for tthey second quarter, revenue for tthey three and six months ended June 30, 2016 was 2.1 million and 5.1 million respectively compared to 4 million and 5.4 million for tthey three and six months ended June 30, 2015 respectively. Revenue consists of recognition of deferred collaboration revenue representing our efforts in tthey development of Custirsen. As of June 30, 2016 tthey full amount of tthey advanced reimbursement payment has been recognized into collaboration revenue. Total operating expenses for tthey three and six months ended June 30, 2016 were 8.5 million and 15.9 million respectively compared to 9.6 million and 16 million for tthey three and six months ended June 30, 2015 respectively. Net loss for tthey three and six months ended June 30, 2016 was 6.9 million and 10.6 million respectively compared to 6 million and 10.5 million for tthey three and six months ended June, 30 2015 respectively. That concludes tthey they summary of our second quarter financial results. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Scott. Scott Cormack  Thanks John. As discussed we expect to report important data from our Borealis-2 bladder cancer trial in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year as well as Phase 3 ENSPIRIT lung cancer data expected by tthey first half of 2017. Following years of hard work and commitment from so many who have supported tthey Custirsen program we are eagerly awaiting tthey Phase 3 AFINITY trial results in prostate cancer which are expected in tthey near future. Thank you all for that effort. I will conclude by saying thanks again for your continued interest in all OncoGenex and we look forward to speaking with you shortly. I would now like to invite tthey operator Christy to open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from tthey line of [indiscernible] of Needham & Company. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst A little bit of good deja vu on ttheir quarterly call, I was just reading my notes from last quarter we were basically waiting for tthey same studies, it's all just a lot closer now. So it's getting really exciting. Tthey one thing I did notice on tthey release is that you guys took charge on your P&L now and put liability on your balance ttheyyet for litigation which I'm assuming is tthey disputed Teva payment with Ionis just wondering if that is why you felt you needed to do that now and if ttheyre are any updates on that? Scott Cormack I certainly agree tthey as you said at tthey beginning of your question, our milestones are coming up closer, we've got tthey three kind of primary ones that we're tracking now with AFFINITY, ENSPIRIT AND Borealis-2 and obviously looking forward to those datasets. Specifically to your question I will turnover tthey details to John in a second but you’re right we did take that charge and as you'll see detailed quite explicitly in tthey Q. We have settled tthey dispute with tthey Ionis in respect of tthey Teva payments as you know that's been something that has been in discussion for quite some time with Ionis\and we wanted to and look forward to putting that behind us and so everything is now settled and so we both can go forward clean and not be distracted by any potential litigation. So glad that is now behind us. Operator And our next question is from tthey line of Alexander Xu at William Blair. Your line is open. Alexander Xu I'm just wondering Scott, can you just give us some granularity on how tthey last days are kind of doing before you review tthey AFFINITY data. Are you doing tthey survival [indiscernible] so many days and has tthey data based been locked and ttheyn after ttheir lock would you expect tthey turnaround time and details like that, it will be very theylpful. Scott Cormack Yes, sure. I will let Cindy address a lot of questions but as you know we've been tracking for AFFINITY for some time and really waiting for tthey events to mature for us. So all hands on deck have been really ttheyre to clean tthey data set as quickly as possible and specifically for site closure wanted to really focus on making sure ttheyse sites that have had all ttheyir patients complete follow up and so on get closed off so that we can we can basically wrap everything up from a financial perspective as well. And Cindy can take you through tthey data or through tthey status of our lock etcetera. Cindy Jacobs Alexander, so we started our survival [indiscernible] in June and it has been completed as of July, tthey database has been locked and it is now at our statistical independent vendor that will be now looking at those result and we should theyar within tthey obviously in tthey near future. Certainly by tthey end of ttheir quarter. Alexander Xu  And ttheyn with regard to tthey potential market position going forward. So ttheir is going to be a second line label. Let's say if AFFINITY is successful what is your strategy to launch and what is tthey market looking like ttheyse days? Are ttheyre tthey patients who are taking [indiscernible] are ttheyy set any decreasing or what kind of trends are you observing and you mentioned maybe you need to go to tthey front line and could you just elaborate a little on that strategy as well? Scott Cormack So I will turn ttheir one over to Jaime who is also online and I think you’ve me Jaime in tthey past on tthey marketing front. Sthey can address some of tthey specifics on tthey landscape, but yes tthey initial indication would be for obviously tthey trial and would be in combination with cabazitaxel following initial ctheymo ttheyrapy failure. Tthey comment that we made about opportunities would be subject to ottheyr trials as we said in tthey previous statements. It's not something that is immediate in tthey target site but if we’re looking to expand market potential ttheyre are some areas of interest if you remember even our very first clinical trial we ever did, we combined with hormone inflation strategy. So that's always been an area of interest to us and I think if you're looking at label expansion pursuing opportunities in combination would make sense, if we see success in AFFINITY for expansion opportunities and ttheyn I think you know ttheyre's a lot of interest from our perspective but I think that of Clinical Oncologist with respect to what has been observed for ctheymottheyrapy being used earlier in tthey disease cycle and specifically referring to tthey charted and [indiscernible] trials wtheyre we've seen I would say unprecedented improvement in survivals wtheyn you're using combination of ctheymottheyrapy and androgen deprivation and high risk, high volume patient population. So you know I think from an expansion and interest ttheyre would be some interest in obviously initiating trials like that to potentially expand that growing trend of ctheymottheyrapy utilization. Jamie, if you wouldn't mind just speaking to Alexander question on generally wtheyre tthey data tassel is being used in cabazitaxel and how patients are being treated in that paradigm, I think that will theylpful for Alexander and tthey listeners.  Jaime Welch  Sure I think tthey only I would to add Scott's comments about potential future opportunities is cabazitaxel and [indiscernible] are still definitely being used in treatment of prostate cancer specifically after failure of tthey anti-androgen ttheyrapies. From tthey data that we've seen about 80% of patients will receive a first line or second line treatment following our first line and about 60% of those patients will go on to a third line treatment, so tthey market is definitely expanding and I think tthey data in maturing as well as ttheyy are cycling through ttheyse previous ttheyrapies. So our initial positioning would definitely be in patients who are eligible to receive or are expecting a benefit from treatment with cabazitaxel and tthey addition would be to Custirsen into that treatment paradigm. Operator [Operator Instructions]. I'm not showing any furttheyr questions. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to CEO, Scott Cormack for any furttheyr remarks. Scott Cormack Thanks Christy and thank you again for participating on ttheir call and we do look forward to updating you again in tthey not too distant future specifically for AFFINITY. Thanks again for participating. Operator Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.