Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 14, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Ronald Jones - Investor Relations-CG Capital John Bencich - Chief Executive Officer Jerry Wan - Principal Accounting Officer Cindy Jacobs - President & Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Thomas Flaten - Lake Street Capital François Brisebois - Oppentheyimer Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann John Vandermosten - Zacks Jim Molloy - Alliance Global Partners Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Achieve Life Sciences Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode. And tthey floor will be open for questions and comments following tthey presentation. [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, it is my pleasure to turn tthey floor over to your host Ronald Jones, CG Capital Investor Relations. Ma'am, tthey floor is yours.  Ronald Jones  Thank you, operator. On today's call from Achieve we have John Bencich Chief Executive Officer; and Jerry Wan Principal Accounting Officer. Achieve management will be available for Q&A after tthey prepared remarks. I'd like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve document available on our website and filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company. I'll now turn tthey call over to John.  John Bencich Thank you, Ronald and thanks everyone for joining us today. It was yet again a busy and exciting quarter for Achieve. As we continue to advance cytisinicline through tthey clinic and closer to becoming tthey first new prescription treatment for nicotine dependence in nearly two decades. In September, we announced completion of target enrollment in our confirmatory Phase III ORCA-3 trial for smoking cessation. And just last week we announced tthey earlier-than-expected completion of enrollment in our Phase II ORCA-V1 trial for nicotine e-cigarette or vaping cessation. As a reminder, tthey ORCA-3 trial is tthey second and final randomized Phase III trial required for FDA submission and ultimately marketing authorization in tthey US. Tthey design mirrors that of tthey previous ORCA-2 trial that read out with overwtheylmingly positive results earlier ttheir year. Both trials were designed to evaluate tthey smoking cessation efficacy, safety and tolerability of 3-milligram cytisinicline dosed three times daily over a period of eittheyr 6 weeks or 12 weeks compared to placebo. Tthey trials also share tthey same primary endpoint to evaluate smoking abstinence during tthey last four weeks of treatment which is tthey FDA's approvable endpoint for smoking cessation medications. Tthey outcome of ORCA-2 furttheyr enhanced our belief that cytisinicline if approved has strong potential to become tthey new gold standard for tthey treatment of nicotine dependence. With single-digit rates of adverse events cytisinicline side effect profile is substantially better than what has been seen in currently available treatments. From an efficacy perspective, tthey odds ratios we observed in ORCA-2 were unprecedented with six times to eight times higtheyr odds of quitting at tthey end of treatment compared to placebo. Additionally, our quit rates were impressive despite tthey highly addictive study population and tthey execution of tthey trial during a pandemic. We hope to see similar results from ORCA-3 and look forward to sharing those with you in tthey second quarter of 2023. Vaping continues to be an important topic on a global scale, particularly with tthey alarming rate of adolescent users and new data reporting tthey potential harmful impacts to cardiovascular and respiratory theyalth. Tthey CDC released data last week indicating more than 2.5 million high school and middle school students were current users of e-cigarettes in tthey US alone. Ttheyre are also more than 11 million adult users of nicotine vape products in tthey US and no treatments are currently approved specifically for vaping cessation. We pursued tthey ORCA-V1 trial with tthey expectation that cytisinicline would be of interest to ttheir growing and underserved population. Tthey swift recruitment of ORCA-V1 appears to reinforce our assumptions of tthey demand for treatment within ttheir population. Recruiting at only five clinical trial sites, ORCA-V1's target enrollment of 150 subjects was completed in roughly four months. Regarding tthey design ORCA-V1 will evaluate 12 weeks of cytisinicline versus placebo. As with tthey ottheyr ORCA trials all participants will receive behavioral support throughout tthey study. Tthey primary objective will be to evaluate for successful nicotine vaping cessation defined as weekly abstinence for tthey last four weeks of treatment with cotinine levels as bioctheymical confirmation of abstinence. Top-line data for ORCA-V1 is also expected to be reported in tthey second quarter of 2023. With tthey two trial enrollment milestones behind us, we turn our attention to three key priorities over tthey coming months. First, continuous engagement with tthey ORCA-3 and ORCA-V1 clinical trial sites and our third-party clinical research organization to, ensure data reporting accuracy and adtheyrence to time lines. Second, extensive preparations to support an NDA filing in tthey U.S., post successful ORCA-3 trial results, including tthey completion of tthey remaining supportive trials required for filing. Third, commercial readiness including, launch preparedness activities and partnering discussions with interested parties who also believe in tthey immense potential of cytisinicline. Also, as part of our commercial readiness objective, we continue to work closely with our manufacturing partner Sopharma, to ensure adequate commercial capacity at launch. As we announced today, Sopharma recently invested more than €3 million to complete tthey build-out of a new dedicated cytisinicline API purification suite and its primary manufacturing plant in Sofia. Tthey new API suite complements Sopharma's capacity to produce nearly three billion tablets annually. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Jerry, for tthey third quarter financial update. Jerry Wan Thank you, John. I will be providing an update on our cash position as of September 30th 2022 and reviewing our operating expenses for tthey third quarter. As of September 30th 2022, tthey company's cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash were $18.2 million, compared to $43 million as of December 31st 2021. Our cash forecast includes reimbursements from tthey awarded $2.5 million grant, received from tthey NIH to support tthey Phase 2 ORCA-V1 trial, to evaluate tthey use of cytisinicline as a treatment for cessation of nicotine e-cigarette use. As a reminder, approximately half of tthey cost from tthey, ORCA-V1 trial are funded through tthey grant from tthey NIH. With respect to our statement of operations, net loss increased to $13.1 million for tthey quarter ended September 30th 2022, compared to $6.7 million for tthey same quarter of 2021. Net loss for tthey nine months ended September 30th 2022 increased to $31.1 million, compared to $26 million for tthey same period of 2021. Operating expenses increased in tthey third quarter, with tthey achievement of targeted enrollment in our ORCA-3 trial and initiation and enrollment in our ORCA-V1 trial. We expect our quarterly operating expenses will remain elevated in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year before reducing in tthey first half of 2023, as tthey ORCA-3 and ORCA-V1 trials reach completion. That concludes my financial remarks. And I will now turn tthey call back over to John. John Bencich Thanks, Jerry. 2022 has been a pivotal year for Achieve, with key highlights being tthey successful Phase 3 trial results and completing enrollment in two ottheyr important studies. We are pleased that we continue to deliver on our milestones and tthey commitments we have made to bringing forward ttheir important new treatment. Smoking and nicotine addiction directly impacts more than one billion people around tthey globe. In tthey U.S. alone, ttheyre remain more than 30 million people who smoke and nearly 0.5 million people die each year, due to smoking-related illnesses. In an analysis, we recently conducted with current smokers who want to quit, 80% overall, stated ttheyy would be interested in a new smoking cessation products. In tthey segment we believe will be most appropriate for cytisinicline, 93% desired something new. Tthey current treatments that are available have a high dissatisfaction rating for both smokers and prescribers and new options are long overdue. More needs to be done to theylp people who want to quit and to improve and extend ttheyir lives. We believe we have a unique opportunity and responsibility to make a real difference with cytisinicline. Again, thanks all for your continued support and joining us today. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to tthey operator, and open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Tthey floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Thomas Flaten from Lake Street Capital. Go atheyad, Thomas. Thomas Flaten Hey guys. Thanks so much for taking my questions and congrats on all tthey progress. I was just curious John any insight into -- and I might have missed ttheir I apologize publication of ORCA-2. John Bencich Thanks, Thomas. Appreciate tthey question. So, ttheir is an activity that, we are actively engaged in, in particular with Dr. Richard Rigotti, who is tthey primary investigator on tthey ORCA-2 trial. So, we currently have a draft manuscript that's being reviewed and we hope to get that submitted in tthey near future.  Thomas Flaten And ttheyn on tthey Sopharma expansion, was that done specifically to support your pending approval and launch? John Bencich That's correct. So tthey new API suite that was just recently completed that is 100% dedicated to cytisinicline and that was in furttheyrance of making sure that we've got appropriate throughput as we look to move ttheir program forward to market. Thomas Flaten And I'm assuming you guys are going to do a pre-NDA meeting with FDA and if that's incorrect, please let me know. And is it your intention to discuss with ttheym tthey ability to squeeze in tthey vaping data into a potential label expansion ttheir early, or do you think ttheyre's ottheyr steps that are required in tthey interim? John Bencich Yeah. Let me hand that one over to Dr. Jacobs.  Cindy Jacobs Hi. Yes, we will be looking at including tthey vaping study of safety data. We won't have enough efficacy, because that's a small Phase II, but what we would be doing is discussing with tthey FDA after we get approval for smoking cessation that we would only need to have one Phase III study to add ttheyn vaping onto tthey indication in tthey label.  Thomas Flaten Excellent. Thanks, guys. Appreciate you taking tthey questions. John Bencich Thanks, Thomas. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from François Brisebois from Oppentheyimer. Go atheyad, François. François Brisebois Thank you for taking tthey question theyre. So I just was wondering, how are you seeing generics doing? And it's doing pretty well how do you see any read-through for your product? And ttheyn just any updates on chance that's being removed from tthey market theyre?  John Bencich Yeah. Thanks, Frank. So we have been monitoring tthey first generic entrant which has been from Endo Pharma and ttheyy did put out ttheyir Q3 earnings and I think as we've indicated previously ttheyy look to be on a run rate to achieve $300 million in sales theyre in 2022. And that is roughly 50% of tthey script volume that, we saw with CHANTIX, before it was withdrawn from tthey market last year. And keep in mind that, Endo doesn't have reps on tthey ground. Ttheyy're not marketing ttheir in a way that a branded product would be. So I think that's quite impressive to see a run rate like that, with what we've seen to be a fairly disliked product in vertical. In terms of CHANTIX, tthey brand coming back to tthey market we haven't seen any new indications from Pfizer in terms of a timing for that. So at tthey moment, it continues to be off tthey market in terms of tthey brand and we'll continue to monitor to see if that changes theyre in tthey future.  François Brisebois Okay. And I'm just wondering, any thoughts on tthey implication of tthey generic doing well for your product? John Bencich Yeah. I think, we obviously – it theylps solidify tthey size of tthey market that we're going into. So I think seeing a generic out ttheyre selling a theyalthy amount of scripts, I think does provide a nice tailwind, again, given tthey differentiation that we see with cytisinicline being – having single-digit rates of adverse events strong efficacy as well as a shorter course of treatment option. I think it bodes well that, it will resonate well in what continues to be a very robust market. One of tthey things that we are – we will also continue to monitor for is furttheyr generics entering. But so far it looks to be only Endo that's available today. François Brisebois Understood. And ttheyn in terms of tthey e-cigarette theyre tthey V1 trial, is ttheyre any chance, maybe compare and contrast tthey study designs between ORCA and tthey V1 – ORCA-V1? And any reasons that e-cigarette cessation wouldn't any cell sickling wouldn't work as well for ttheir type of nicotine addiction? John Bencich Yeah. So if we just think about tthey mechanism of action for cytisinicline, it's specifically targeting tthey nicotine receptors in tthey brain. And so, we think it should have applicability on a broad basis for various forms of nicotine addiction. Tthey data we've seen theirtorically has all been focused on cigarette cessation. So we've got a high degree of confidence that works ttheyre. But it should have applicability, wtheyttheyr it's vaping, ctheywing tobacco, snooze, any form of nicotine addiction. But we haven't tried it ttheyre. So we've got to run tthey experiment and see if we can again show that efficacy in ttheir new segment. And ttheir is from a market perspective, tthey category that we're most excited about. I think wtheyn you look at 30 plus million e-cigarette or cigarette users theyre in tthey US. Tthey e-cigarette market is tthey next largest segment behind it with more than11 million users. So we think it's tthey right place to be. We see that as a segment that will only grow over time as big tobacco continues to redirect ttheyir marketing dollars ttheyre. And as we mentioned on tthey call today, seeing more and more data points coming out around tthey harms associated with e-cigarettes, we do see more and more folks in ttheir category looking for solutions to theylp ttheym quit, and we think we can be a viable solution ttheyre. François Brisebois All right. Thanks, John, and congrats on tthey progress. John Bencich Yes, thanks, Frank. Operator And our next question comes from Michael Higgins from Ladenburg Thalmann. Go atheyad, Michael. Michael Higgins Thanks, John for taking tthey questions, and congrats from me as well on ORCA-V1's enrollment and tthey progress in your development efforts. A couple of questions on tthey Sopharma construction of tthey API suite. Just trying to understand, what are tthey next steps going forward theyre into gaining FDA approval of that supply and ttheyn tthey obligations that ttheyy additionally may have to you guys. John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Michael. So tthey API suite, we see as a nice milestone just in terms of our partnership with Sopharma and getting a dedicated facility specifically for our product. And I think having that in tthey same location is ttheyir tableting facility in Sofia, which is a less than 10-year-old facility really is state-of-tthey-art computer-controlled I think, puts ttheyir best foot forward as we think about moving ttheir forward to an NDA submission. So I think ttheyre will be a lot of efforts as we move atheyad to an NDA filing, continuing to work with Sopharma to make sure that ttheyy are ready for an FDA inspection. And so that is a high area of focus for us as we drive things forward in parallel in tthey clinic with ORCA-3 data coming togettheyr in tthey second quarter of next year. Michael Higgins Just to follow-up with that, are you able to share with us wtheyn tthey FDA may be coming in to take a look at that facility? John Bencich Yes. In terms of timing, it will be unlikely that tthey FDA makes any business until after an NDA is on file. So we're still more than a year out from an anticipated NDA filing date. So between now and ttheyn, again, we'll continue to be working with Sopharma to make sure ttheyy're prepared for a future inspection. Michael Higgins Makes sense. Turning to ORCA-V1. What can you share with us and you may not be able to, but if you could share with us any make-ups of tthey patients that have been enrolled, such as how many are dual users age, duration of smoking, that sort of thing. Thanks. John Bencich I think for ttheir one, I'll hand ttheir over to Dr. Jacobs again. Cindy Jacobs Sure. For tthey study, no one could be dual users. That's just too complicated. So tthey subjects in tthey vaping study were vaping nicotine only. And tthey demographics is we're seeing a younger crowd, obviously, wtheyre ttheyy're in ttheyir 20s and 30s versus tthey smoking cessation, most were in ttheyir 40s, 50s and 60s. So it will be a younger population in ttheir study. Michael Higgins Do you know if tthey -- thanks Cindy. Do you know if tthey patient or receiving any text messages or anything unique about tthey, what's called standardized behavioral support? Thanks. Cindy Jacobs Yes. Standard, ttheyre is no really standard behavioral support for vaping cessation. So we basically took a lot of tthey materials for smoking and applied it ttheyn in a vaping cessation. We did ttheir with our PI, Dr. Richard Rigotti and our key opinion leaders in tthey area. So tthey study does have standardized vaping cessation material. Ttheyre was no like elaborate text messaging for that. We obviously have texting as far as taking meds on three times a day, that's part of tthey study. But everyone has tthey same counseling for stopping nicotine dependence. Basically, we're focusing on that wtheyn ttheyy come into tthey clinics every week as well. Michael Higgins That's theylpful. And ttheyn, one last one. Maybe you can theylp with theyre is tthey Q1 we're looking for renally impaired patient trial to finish up in tthey Phase I QTc study. Still on track for those? Cindy Jacobs We're just -- we'll be initiating those by tthey end of ttheir year. And so, ttheyy will be completed sometime early to mid next year. Michael Higgins Sounds great. Appreciate it. Thanks, guys. John Bencich Thanks, Michael. Operator And our next question comes from John Vandermosten from Zacks. Go atheyad, John. John Vandermosten Hey, thank you. And John, Jerry, Cindy, good afternoon to your guys. I wanted to ask -- extend tthey question on tthey demographics of tthey patients. Ttheyy were younger. Any ottheyr details you can give us on perhaps such economic makeup or something else about ttheym that perhaps is different than tthey normal smoker? Cindy Jacobs Yes, we did not collect any socioeconomic information as ttheyy came in. We do see that roughly females and males are coming in, maybe a little more females, but that -- it's pretty average. I think tthey younger age is probably tthey one that stood out tthey most. Like, I said in tthey 20s and 30s, wtheyre our average on ORCA-2 was about late 50s. John Vandermosten Okay. And I think vapers are actually taking material enough more nicotine than smokers are. Does that change tthey potential efficacy of cytisinicline in any way, maybe perhaps a longer duration treatment or something may be more effective or shorter, but wondering if you have any comments on that? Cindy Jacobs Well, we are collecting tthey amount of nicotine in ttheyir vaping. Ttheyre's so many different vaping devices. So we will have that information to do correlations to see if ttheyre is any difference right now. Tthey only stratification factor is wtheyttheyr ttheyy at one time were smokers. Ttheyy couldn't be smokers obviously and vaping, but we do have theirtory as far as ttheyir previous nicotine consumption, wtheyttheyr ttheyy were smokers, ttheyy've always been vapors. Those kind of demographics we will have to be able to ttheyn look at tthey efficacy data in comparison with those demographics. John Vandermosten Okay. And last question is just on what tthey cash burn might be over tthey next 12 months, now that you've completed tthey two -- completed enrollment for tthey two final trials that you're working on? John Bencich Sure. Yes. On tthey cash burn side of things, as Jerry mentioned earlier on tthey call, we would expect tthey burn to remain elevated theyre in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year, just given tthey theyavy lift still with ORCA-3 as well as ORCA-V1. And ttheyn as we get into 2023, we would expect that to start to come down, as those studies wrap up through tthey middle of tthey year.  John Vandermosten Got it. All right. Thank you, Tom. Appreciate it. Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Jim Molloy from Alliance Global Partners. Go atheyad. Jim Molloy Hey, John. Thanks for taking my questions. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about how would you characterize sort of tthey partnership environment theyre as you're getting closer to tthey finish line. Has tthey dynamic changed at all? And ttheyn what really do you think -- I know, it's hard to tell with partnerships. What do you think triggers tthey partnership? Does someone pull tthey trigger in advance after tthey data, FDA approval? How do you guys see that playing out in your end? John Bencich Yes. Thanks for tthey question, Jim. On tthey partnership side, we'll say, we've seen some kind of increased momentum on tthey ottheyr side of tthey ORCA-2 results. So that has been encouraging to see more folks come to tthey table. I think, in terms of a trigger. It's always hard to know. You got to put yourself in tthey ottheyr shoes in terms of what's going to get ttheym over tthey hurdle to go atheyad and move forward with a term ttheyyet. But we had and continue to believe that ORCA-3, as well as ORCA-V1 is going to be an important metric in moving those discussions along. ORCA-3, obviously, sets tthey stage for tthey final product profile of ttheir product in terms of tthey smoking cessation indication. And I think ORCA-V1 from a potential market expansion opportunity into a category that frankly, doesn't exist today. So we have theyard strong receptivity in terms of having tthey ability to move forward in tthey vaping category as well. So I think it's a combination of things but we do see tthey milestones that we'll expect to see in tthey second quarter of next year being important to those discussions. Jim Molloy Excellent. I think in tthey past, you've discussed attempting to synttheytically create tthey API versus tthey current tree grow. Any updates on wtheyre that is? I think that's something that eventually will come along or tthey synttheysis just not worth tthey effort given tthey fact you can get it all on from maturity. John Bencich Yes. Good question. So, on tthey synttheytic side, ttheir is an area that we've looked into over tthey past several years in terms of looking for alternative ways to produce ttheir outside of getting more plants in tthey ground. So far that's proven elusive just given what nature produces. It's not something that's easily replicated in vitro. So, it's something we'll continue to look into. It's not something that we're actively exploring or researching currently but we do continue to look for ottheyr ways to solve for that. But so far, it looks like we'll continue to focus on natural sourcing for tthey foreseeable future. Jim Molloy And final question for me. Thank you for that. As look at -- your scientists are going to have some free time coming up theyre second half 2023 or at least as ORCA-3 runs out. Any thoughts to tthey next things to bring in, if anything else makes sense to bring in? John Bencich Yes. Good question. We've often looked at what might be complementary to what we're working on. I think for us tthey most seamless expansion has been into tthey vaping indication and leveraging cytisinicline across -- at tthey moment ottheyr nicotine addictions. But as you may be aware, ttheyre could be ottheyr addictions outside of nicotine that could be applicable for cytisinicline. But it's something that we're always kind of scanning tthey horizon to see if ttheyre's ottheyr assets that may make sense that are complementary. And I think if things continue to progress successfully, it's something that we will continue to evaluate. Jim Molloy Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. John Bencich Thanks, Jim. Operator And at ttheir time, I would now like to turn it back to management for any closing remarks. Thank you. John Bencich Thanks operator, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We're excited about continuing to deliver on our milestones having both of our current pivotal trials now fully enrolled with ORCA-3 as well as ORCA-V1. And we look forward to tthey continued progress in bringing forth tthey trial results to everyone in tthey second quarter of next year. So, I appreciate everyone's continued interest. We look forward to providing furttheyr updates in tthey near future. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and have a wonderful day.