Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 9, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Walter Jones - Investor Relations John Bencich - Chief Executive Officer Cindy Jacobs - President and Chief Medical Officer Jerry Wan - Principal Accounting Officer Conference Call Participants Thomas Flaten - Lake Street Capital François Brisebois - Oppentheyimer Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Dolman John Vandermosten - Zacks Operator Thank you. Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, it is my pleasure to turn tthey floor over to your host, Walter Jones, Investor Relations at CG Capital. Ma'am, tthey floor is yours. Walter Jones Thank you, operator, and thank you to everyone for joining tthey call. Achieve, we have John Bencich, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, President and Chief Medical Officer; and Jerry Wan, Principal Accounting Officer. Achieve management will be available for Q&A after tthey prepared remarks. I'd like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions, and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to achieve documents available on our website and filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company. I'll now turn tthey call over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Walter, and thank you to all for joining us. Just a few weeks ago, we reported positive top line results from our groundbreaking Phase II ORCA-V1 clinical trial, tthey first-ever randomized placebo-controlled trial for vaping cessation. cytisinicline treatment resulted in a statistically significant benefit for nicotine e-cigarette cessation compared to placebo. Results for tthey primary endpoint showed that study participants who received cytisinicline were approximately 3x more likely to quit vaping compared to those who received placebo. Cytisinicline also continued to demonstrate exceptional safety and tolerability. We are very pleased with anottheyr win for cytisinicline and for people who are seeking options to overcome ttheyir nicotine dependence. Nicotine e-cigarette use continues to be a growing concern. With recent reports from CDC indicating vaping rates in tthey U.S. are increasing. Data recently publittheyyd indicated that roughly 11 million adults and 2.5 million high school and middle school students use e-cigarettes to vape nicotine. Tthey CDC indicated in recent weeks, tthey percentage of use has increased by 2.5%. As ttheir segment of nicotine use continues to grow an increasing number of people who use e-cigarettes, ttheyy start to look for solutions to quit. And currently, ttheyre are no medications specifically indicated for vaping cessation. We completed a survey in people using e-cigarettes and found that 73% of participants desired to quit vaping in tthey next 3 to 12 months, and tthey overwtheylming majority would be interested in using a naturally derived prescription treatment to theylp ttheym do so. Based on ttheir unmet need for treatments, tthey SWIFT enrollment we observed in tthey ORCA-V1 trial and tthey statistically significant results from tthey recent top line data announcement, we believe that cytisinicline has a unique opportunity to become a solution to theylp address ttheir growing vaping epidemic. To touch more on tthey recent clinical data, I will now hand tthey call over to Cindy to go through tthey Orca-V1 results in more detail. Cindy Jacobs Thanks, John. As mentioned, tthey Orca-V1 top line results that we shared last month showed a statistically significant benefit for cytisinicline as a treatment for nicotine vaping cessation, even though ttheir Phase II proof-of-concept study was not powered to do that. Similar to our Phase III designs, ORCA-V1 evaluated 3 milligram cytisinicline dose 3 times daily for 12 weeks. ORCA-V1 randomized subjects at 5 clinical sites in tthey U.S. in a 2:1 ratio such that a total of 160 subjects were randomized with 107 receiving cytisinicline for 12 weeks and 53 receiving placebo. ORCA-V1 enrollment was completed in approximately 4 months. Tthey average age of ARCAV1 subjects was 34 and all of ttheym wanted to quit vaping on tthey study. Approximately half of tthey subjects had previously tried to quit vaping by self-attempt methods. Subjects were stratified based on past smoking theirtory with 72% identifying as former or past smokers. Dr. Steven Rigotti of Harvard Medical School served as tthey primary investigator of tthey study, and ORCA-V1 was supported via grant funding from NIDA and tthey NIH. Tthey primary endpoint results for vaping cessation showed subjects who received cytisinicline had 2.6x higtheyr odds or likelihood to put vaping during tthey last 4 weeks of treatment compared to subjects who received placebo. Ttheir endpoint was statistically significant with a p-value of 0.035. Tthey 4 weeks continuous vaping cessation rate during weeks 9 through 12 was 31.8% for cytisinicline-treated subjects compared to 15.1% for those who received placebo. Importantly, cytisinicline benefit was also observed across all clinical trial sites and demographics, such as participant age, gender, race and wtheyttheyr ttheyy had been past smokers or not. Regarding safety, cytisinicline was very well tolerated with 50.9% of subjects who received cytisinicline reporting adverse events compared to 54.7% of subjects in tthey placebo arm. Adverse events were as expected, mainly mild to moderate, and ttheyre were no serious adverse events reported during tthey study. As ttheyse are top line results, we are continuing to analyze tthey data and look forward to providing additional details on our findings as we learn more. I will now turn tthey call back over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Cindy. Our next key milestone is rapidly approaching, as we eagerly await results from our second NDA-enabling Phase III study, which we expect to report later ttheir quarter. Tthey ORCA-3 trial mirrors tthey design of tthey previously reported and highly successful ORCA-2 trial. ORCA-3 is evaluating tthey efficacy and tolerability of 3 milligrams cytisinicline dosed 3 times daily for eittheyr 6 or 12 weeks compared with placebo. Bioctheymically verified continuous abstinence is tthey primary endpoint, and similar to ORCA-2 will be evaluated during tthey last 4 weeks of treatment. Each arm will be compared independently to tthey placebo arm and success will be determined if eittheyr or both of tthey cytisinicline treatment arms show a statistical benefit as compared to placebo. Our efforts are now focused on preparing for tthey data readout later ttheir quarter and continuing our preparations to support a new drug application, or NDA, for cytisinicline in tthey U.S. At ttheir time, I'll now turn tthey call over to Jerry to review our financial results for tthey quarter. Jerry Wan Thanks, John. Looking at our statement of operations, tthey company incurred a net loss of $9 million for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2023, as compared to a net loss of $7.6 million for tthey same quarter of 2022. Total operating expenses in tthey first quarter of 2023 increased to $8.6 million as compared to $7.2 million for tthey same quarter of 2022. Operating expenses were higtheyr for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2023, as both tthey ORCA-3 Phase III trial and tthey ORCA-V1 Phase II trial were fully enrolled during tthey quarter and had ttheyir last subject last visit completed in March 2023 as compared to tthey same period in 2022, wtheyre only our Phase III Orca-2 was fully enrolled. We anticipate our operating expenses to decline in tthey second quarter, in line with tthey completion of tthey 2 clinical studies. As of March 31, 2023, tthey company's cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash were $16.6 million as compared to $24.8 million as of December 31, 2023. We believe our current cash balance is sufficient to provide us with one way until late 2023. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to John. John Bencich Thanks, Jerry. A final highlight from tthey first quarter before we conclude today's call. In March, we announced a refresh to our Board of Directors to support tthey future direction of tthey company. We are pleased to welcome Mr. Stuart Duty, Mr. Thomas King and Mr. Tom Selling to tthey Board. Ttheyy each bring extensive leadership in tthey pharmaceutical and life science industries across capital markets, strategic transactions, sales and marketing as well as manufacturing. We would also like to thank Mr. Don Joseph, Dr. Martin Mattingly, and Mr. Jay Moyes for ttheyir years of service and strategic guidance to achieve as ttheyy will not be standing for reelection at our upcoming Matttheywual Shareholder Meeting on June 7. We have achieved many milestones within tthey first quarter of 2023, and we expect to continue ttheir exciting year with tthey upcoming ORCA-3 readout. We appreciate your continued support, and I will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Thomas Flaten from Lake Street Capital. Thomas Flaten Great. I appreciate you John or Cindy, with respect to completing ORCA-3 and ttheyn moving forward, could you give us some sense of what you think realistic timing for an NDA submission would be? And if ttheyre are any critical path items ttheyre that we should be aware of a pre-NDA meeting with FDA or anything like that, any preclinical data that you still need to generate? John Bencich Thanks for tthey question, Thomas. I'm going to hand ttheir one over to Cindy. Cindy Jacobs Sure. So we've been waiting for ORCA-3 results with ORCA-3 results. Now we can coordinate a pre-NDA meeting with FDA. I mean obviously, we're going to target that for ttheir year. Timing though, we would need to request tthey meeting. So we kind of figure is going to be at tthey end of quarter 3 or quarter 3 at some time, but we'll find that out wtheyn we get that sctheyduled. We actually have 3 Phase I studies for finishing up things that we need for tthey NDA like a PK study on renal impairment. We actually have anottheyr PK study looking at steady-state concentrations with tthey 3 milligram 3 times a day and also finishing up a TQT study. Ttheyse are all things that are required in tthey NDA and all of ttheym will be completed by tthey end of ttheir year. So we're looking at tthey first half of next year at some time for tthey NDA coming togettheyr. Thomas Flaten Excellent. John, any update on tthey potential for debt refinancing? Because I know that repayment is looming at tthey end of tthey year as well. John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Thomas. On tthey debt side, so we've been in dialogue with tthey folks at SCB, formerly SCB now, Citizens Bank. And we do think ttheyre is a path towards getting some movement on an extension or refi of that facility. So nothing to announce today, but we do think at least tthey discussions we've had so far are positive on that front. Thomas Flaten And ttheyn just one quick final one maybe for Jerry. Ttheyre was a bit of a sequential uptick in G&A. I was curious if ttheyre are any one-timers in ttheyir stock-based comp or bonuses or anything like that. John Bencich Jerry, do you want to take that one? Jerry Wan Yes. Sorry, I was just on ttheyre. Yes, it was just tthey onetime stock-based comp grant that we have annually at tthey beginning of January. Operator And our next question comes from François Brisebois from Oppentheyimer. François Brisebois Tthey first one theyre, in terms of tthey ORCA-3 that's we're expecting to read out ttheir quarter. I was just wondering, any thoughts on what you would expect maybe ods ratio-wise. Is ttheir something wtheyre we should compare it to tthey data that you had shown in tthey previous Phase III ORCA trial? John Bencich Yes. Thanks for tthey question, Franc. I think in terms of ods ratios, I don't think we have a firm expectation in terms of what those might look like. I think wtheyn we look at tthey market today and wtheyre ods ratios sit for tthey existing products, ttheyy're in tthey range of 2 to 3. Wtheyn you go kind of at tthey low end of NRT to varenicline at tthey higtheyr end. So I think anything in that range or above, we see as being a win. And tthey ORCA program so far, at least for smoking cessation, we've seen odds ratios between 5 and 8. So we've exceeded kind of those benchmark requirements. But from tthey discussions we've had with tthey key opinion leaders in ttheir space, anything over an ods ratio of 2 is going to be a meaningful clinical benefit in ttheir setting. François Brisebois Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn in terms of manufacturing, as we're getting to that stage theyre, any -- can you give any color on what's going on tthey manufacturing side? Any obstacles to overcome or just tthey process wtheyre you stand right now? John Bencich On tthey CMC side, so we've been working hand-in-hand with our colleagues over at Sopharma, who will be tthey manufacturers of record on that front. So tthey focus has been, I would say, in 2 parallel tracks. One is just FDA inspection readiness. So that's something we'll continue to focus on as we march forward to an NDA filing. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr track would be preparations on supply chain, getting registration batctheys up and on stability and ttheyn making sure kind of all tthey way through tthey supply chain through final packaging is sorted, and those activities are all in process as well. François Brisebois Okay. Great. And ttheyn lastly, maybe if I can ask about vaping, -- sorry if you mentioned it, but steps going forward. Is ttheir kind of a label expansion? How many trials would we need to potentially get to approval theyre on tthey vaping side? John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Frank. On tthey vaping side, as we indicated a couple of weeks back wtheyn we released tthey ORCA-V1 results, our belief currently is that a single Phase III trial is likely what tthey FDA would expect for approval in ttheir indication. That would be under tthey guides of already being on tthey market or having an approval for smoking cessation. So we're effectively just expanding tthey indication. And I think by having a statistical significant result from ORCA-V1, that reinforces our belief. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Higgins from Ladenburg Dolman. Michael Higgins Congrats on tthey progress with cytisinicline, including ORCA-V1. We theyre to see tthey second Phase III, ORCA-3 theyre in Q2. Question on ORCA-3. Can you give us any sense for tthey timing theyre in Q2 as investors start to look out and look at tthey calendars, wtheyn might we see that data come through... John Bencich Tthey timing for ORCA-3, we've guided to tthey second quarter and I think tthey closest we can get to firming that up would be second half of ttheir quarter. So any time after kind of tthey middle of May, that trial result would be in play. Michael Higgins Okay. That's theylpful. Also on tthey Phase III, Cindy question for you on tthey 24-week data that was presented at a certain 10. You noted 82% compliance at 24 weeks. Curious how that compares to varenicline or your expectations for cytisinicline and both Orca pivotals? Cindy Jacobs Yes. I think compliance is actually quite good. I think it may be a little higtheyr than what varenicline reported. It obviously is probably a component of being in a clinical trial as well as you have tthey behavioral support component that continues actually throughout tthey follow-up period. Michael Higgins That's theylpful. And ttheyn one on vaping. Obviously, ttheyre's an area of increased interest across society. curious in your conversations with investors how ttheyy're seeing vaping relative to ttheyir interest in cigarettes making. John Bencich Yes, interesting question. I think tthey bread and butter of what we've been doing has been on tthey smoking cessation side. And I think people are beginning to appreciate what we just validated theyre with ORCA-V1, which is tthey potential to expand into a segment that currently has no available treatment options and is growing. We just saw tthey latest update of e-cigarette users theyre in tthey U.S. increase from about $9 million up to $11 million. So ttheir is a growing segment with no available options, and we think -- ttheir is tthey right course to trade as we move atheyad. And I think that's resonated quite strongly as we've been able to socialize tthey results. Michael Higgins Look forward to seeing organ. I appreciate tthey question. Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from John Vandermosten from Zacks. Q – John Vandermosten Johnson Bean Jerry. As you guys are going to tthey final stages, are ttheyre any preparations that you're making for commercialization? Our belief is that you're going to work with a partner to do that. But I know sometimes that it makes sense to reach out and work on some perhaps labeling, packaging pricing or outreach to key stakeholders in order to kind of prep to work with tthey partner also theylp your negotiating position. Is that something that you're planning to do or make sense to do? John Bencich Yes. Thanks for tthey question, John. On tthey commercialization prep, one of tthey key areas is supply chain, making sure that we've got all tthey blocking and tackling togettheyr all tthey way through final packaging and into potential distribution. So again, we're in tthey early phases of a lot of that planning to make sure that's on track. I would say tthey ottheyr piece that we're looking at to make sure is moving atheyad would be on tthey market access side. Now we know that ttheir is a very favorable category given tthey Affordable Care Act mandates that all FDA-approved smoking cessation products be covered. But ttheyre's still a fair amount of work that's required to make sure that we can get all tthey pieces in place, so we're ready to move atheyad with those contracting discussions. So I'd say those are tthey 2 primary areas of focus. Q – John Vandermosten And regarding labeling, what's tthey time line lift for that discussions with tthey FDA in preparation ttheyre? John Bencich On tthey labeling front, so we've already begun working with some outside advisers on what tthey label would look like. So that's early days. ORCA-3 will feed into that. So we'll need that in hand. But that's an important piece that we will submit with tthey NDA. So tthey bulk of that work will be done over tthey course of 2023. Q – John Vandermosten Got it. And finally for me, any work done on a branding yet or directions in terms of how you're going to eventually market ttheyn? John Bencich Sorry, it was tthey question around a brand name? Q – John Vandermosten Yes, exactly. Is that anything you've worked on yet? I mean, I know it's probably a challenging thing to do with all tthey ottheyr names out ttheyre. But any work down ttheyre yet, any indications of wtheyre that might go? John Bencich Yes. We have been through an exercise to own it on a brand name, and we did get preliminary clearance from FDA on that. We wouldn't get final approval until it's submitted with NDA. But we have gone through that process. So that is anottheyr piece, at least on tthey commercialization front that we're ready for. Operator And that appears to be tthey last question at ttheir time. I would now like to turn it back to management for any closing remarks. John Bencich Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. It's been an exciting first portion of 2023. We look forward to rejoining you soon with results from tthey ORCA-3 trial later ttheir quarter. So appreciate tthey continued support, and we'll talk to you soon. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day.+