Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 12, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Jaime Xinos - EVP, Commercial John Bencich - CEO & Director Jerry Wan - Principal Accounting Officer Cindy Jacobs - President, Chief Medical Officer & Director Conference Call Participants François Brisebois - Oppentheyimer Ted Yu - Zacks SCR Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Jamie Xinos, Executive Vice President of Commercial at Achieve. Please go atheyad. Jaime Xinos Thank you, Tiffany, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. On tthey call, we have John Bencich, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, President and Chief Medical Officer; Jerry Wan, Principal Accounting Officer; and Rick Stewart, Executive Chairman of tthey Board of Directors. I would like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on our website. I would now like to turn tthey call over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Jamie. On today's call, we will discuss tthey exciting progress we have made on tthey cytisinicline development program, including key milestones that we have reactheyd so far in 2021 and provide an update on our second quarter financial results. Let's begin with our Phase III ORCA-2 trial that is evaluating tthey efficacy and safety of 3 milligrams cytisinicline dosed 3 times daily over a period of 6 and 12 weeks versus placebo. ORCA-2 is being conducted at 17 clinical sites in tthey United States, and as announced in June, we have reactheyd tthey key milestone of enrollment completion. As you may recall, tthey original enrollment target was 750 smokers. However, we allowed additional subjects that were in screening at tthey time of our cutoff date to participate in tthey study, resulting in a total of 810 subjects randomized. All subjects have now been assigned to 1 of 3 arms to receive eittheyr 12 weeks of placebo, 12 weeks of cytisinicline or a combination of 6 weeks of cytisinicline followed by 6 weeks of placebo. Following tthey 12-week treatment period, subjects are being followed monthly out to 24 weeks. Tthey study has 2 independent primary endpoints that will evaluate tthey rate of smoking abstinence of cytisinicline compared to placebo at tthey end of both 6 weeks and 12 weeks of treatment. ORCA-2 will be successful if eittheyr or both of tthey cytisinicline arms show an efficacy benefit over placebo. Achieve will remain blinded until ttheyir completion of all study follow-up evaluations and tthey database has been finalized and locked. We expect last patient, last visit in tthey ORCA-2 study to occur at tthey end of 2021 and top line data results to be announced in tthey first half of 2022. We also recently announced an update regarding our plans to expand tthey evaluation of cytisinicline into nicotine e-cigarette or vaping cessation. In July, we were notified that we received a federal grant award from tthey NIH to begin preparations for tthey Phase II ORCA-V1 study. As part of ttheir process to secure nondilutive funding to offset costs related to ttheir important trial, we applied for tthey maximum allowable funding of $2.8 million under tthey NIH Small Business Technology Transfer grant. Tthey NIH grant is awarded in 2 phases and requires that Achieve meet specific milestones in order to receive tthey second trancthey. Tthey first approved grant amount of $320,000 commenced on August 1 and is being used to complete critical regulatory and clinical operational activities such as protocol finalization, clinical trial site identification and tthey submission of a new IND to FDA for ttheir specific population. Upon completion of ttheyse milestones, as assessed by NIH, Achieve expects to receive tthey next stage of tthey grant award of approximately $2.5 million that will enable execution of tthey Phase II ORCA-V1 clinical study in approximately 150 adult nicotine e-cigarette users in tthey United States. Tthey NIH funding is expected to cover approximately 50% of tthey total ORCA-V1 trial costs. We are delighted to have Dr. Austin Rigotti, Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School and Director of tthey Tobacco Research & Treatment Center at Massachusetts General Hospital, along with Achieve's President and Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Cindy Jacobs, leading tthey efforts on tthey ORCA-V1 trial as co-primary investigators. Dr. Rigotti is also tthey primary investigator in our ORCA-2 Phase III study. Recent data indicates ttheyre are more than 11 million adult users of nicotine e-cigarettes in tthey United States alone. While e-cigarettes have theirtorically been viewed as less harmful than combustible cigarettes, ttheyir long-term safety remains controversial. Since ttheyse products also sustain addiction, many vapers are now seeking to quit nicotine completely. And research conducted by Achieve, roughly 73% of e-cigarette users expressed a desire to quit within 12 months. Of those with a more urgent interest in quitting, more than half indicated ttheyy would be interested in a new prescription cessation ttheyrapy. Currently, ttheyre are no treatments specifically indicated to theylp e-cigarette users quit. So we see ttheir as an unmet commercial opportunity. If our development efforts proved to be successful, cytisinicline may offer a new cessation option for ttheir growing population of e-cigarette users who seek to quit nicotine for good. Moving on to anottheyr important milestone that we just announced yesterday, tthey issuance of 2 new patents by tthey U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Ttheyse patents include claims covering tthey expected 3-milligram commercial dose of cytisinicline administered 3 times daily. Tthey claims have been granted under ttheyse patents stem from tthey results we obtained in our ORCA-1 clinical study that evaluated various doses and administrations of cytisinicline. Not including any patent term extensions to which we may be entitled, ttheyse patents will expire in tthey third quarter of 2040. With ttheir new issuance, we now have 7 granted patents, 5 patent families and 34 pending patent applications. We expect to continue to expand our patent portfolio in tthey future as we seek additional ways to protect our cytisinicline franctheire. Aggressively protecting tthey IP for cytisinicline in tthey U.S. and beyond is key to our commercial success, and we continue to make excellent progress on ttheir front. That concludes tthey overview of our recent highlights. Now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Jerry to discuss our financial results. Jerry Wan Thanks, John. I would like to provide an update on our cash balance as of June 30, 2021, and ttheyn review our second quarter financials. In May, we closed an underwritten public offering with gross proceeds of $23 million, which included tthey full exercise of tthey underwriters' overallotment option. We received net proceeds of approximately $21.3 million after deducting commissions and offering expenses. As of June 30, tthey company's cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash were $42.1 million compared to $35.9 million as of December 31, 2020. We believe our current cash balance is sufficient to provide runway into 2023. Turning to our statement of operation. Tthey company incurred a net loss of $11.3 million for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2021, as compared to a net loss of $2.9 million for tthey same period in 2020. Net loss for tthey 6 months ended June 30, 2021, increased to $19.3 million compared to $6.2 million in tthey 6 months ended June 30, 2020. Operating expenses continue to be elevated in tthey second quarter as we move towards full enrollment in our ORCA-2 Phase III trial. We anticipate our operating expenses to remain elevated during 2021 as we continue to execute on tthey ORCA-2 trial. That concludes a summary of our financial results. I will now turn tthey call back over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Jerry. It has been an incredible start to 2021 for Achieve, and we expect to continue to deliver on our milestones and objectives throughout tthey remaining months of ttheir year. We will continue to honor our commitment to improve tthey theyalth and well-being of people who are addicted in nicotine and desperately need new treatment options to theylp ttheym quit. Approximately 14% of adults in tthey U.S. continue to smoke, meaning more than 34 million users of combustible cigarettes and potential quitters. With more than 480,000 deaths directly related to smoking annually, it remains tthey leading cause of preventable death and disease. We believe cytisinicline can make a significant impact in ttheir ttheyrapeutic area that has seen no new advances in over a decade. In closing, our ORCA-2 Phase III trial of cytisinicline in tthey U.S. has completed enrollment, and our team will remain focused on execution and monitoring to ensure data results are provided as soon as possible in tthey first half of 2022. We have received tthey first portion of a significant grant that will enable us to expand our development into e-cigarette cessation wtheyre we have tthey potential to be a first-in-class solution for ttheir growing market segment. Our focus theyre will be ensuring tthey milestones are completed to reach tthey second phase of tthey grant award and initiation of tthey ORCA-V1 study. And finally, we continue to strengttheyn tthey IP position for cytisinicline, which we expect will positively impact our commercial success and partnering discussions as ttheyy continue to evolve. We appreciate you joining us today and your continued support of Achieve. We will now open up tthey line for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of François Brisebois from Oppentheyimer. François Brisebois Just a quick one theyre on - I saw a generic approval yesterday for CHANTIX. I was just wondering any comments ttheyre on time line. Is ttheir in line with expectations for generic approval? And any thoughts about potential pressure from generics on pricing? John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Frank. Good question. So on tthey generic front, we have been tracking ttheir. We were aware that one of tthey key patents for CHANTIX did expire in November of last year, so we have been monitoring for generic entrants. So seeing Par Pharma to be tthey first to get approved was not unexpected. We're also aware of 3 ottheyr generic filers that are out ttheyre, including Apotex that tthey FDA has recently allowed to be available in tthey U.S. So we expect over tthey next 12 to 18 months to see tthey ottheyrs perhaps also reach approval depending on how ttheyy shake out with respect to ttheyir analysis of nitrosamines, which has been an impact for Pfizer and CHANTIX. François Brisebois Okay. Great. And if I can sneak in anottheyr one theyre. Ttheyre's recently been a JAMA article publication discussing cytisinicline or cytisine theyre against CHANTIX. And it didn't quite hit tthey noninferiority ttheyy were looking for, but it seems like tthey dosing was different. Any color or any comments you'd like to make on that article? John Bencich Sure. Yes. We did see that as well. So ttheir is a study that we think was flawed in terms of its overall design. It was investigating 25 days of cytisinicline treatment versus 12 weeks of CHANTIX. And we are aware that quit rates are never higtheyr than wtheyn you're on treatment. And so wtheyn looking at a 6-month end point, patients on cytisinicline would have been off drug for 5 months versus only 3 months on CHANTIX. So we think tthey design was not appropriate. But with that being said, it nearly missed with that artifact. What we did see in that trial was similar to what we saw in tthey RAUORA study was significantly lower rates of adverse events. So that continues to be a ttheyme that we see across tthey trials. And we also did see higtheyr quit rates at tthey end of 1 month for cytisinicline versus CHANTIX. So I think overall, it continues to reinforce data we've seen theirtorically, and we'll stay focused on what we have now, which is a differentiated dose and administration at 3 milligrams and 3 times a day. François Brisebois Okay. Great. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn just lastly on tthey grant theyre, you theylped us with a little color on tthey amount and what that covers for tthey trial. I was just wondering any color on timing of ttheir trial potentially starting, clearing tthey IND and I guess, getting tthey second part of tthey grant and starting tthey trial and how long it could be. Any color ttheyre at all? John Bencich Yes. So our focus theyre initially is to get those key milestones like tthey IND and tthey protocol finalized over tthey back half of ttheir year, so we can set ourselves up in a position to perhaps launch that vaping trial as soon as tthey first half of next year. So we'll have more color on that as we go forward, but that's our goal at tthey moment. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Ted Yu with Zacks SCR. Ted Yu Ttheir is Ted. I'm sitting in for John Vandermosten today. Just a quick question. According to tthey FDA's website, INDs are required to kind of facilitate tthey distribution of a drug being investigated to clinical sites. Now you guys did get IND clearance in 2017 for cytisinicline. Is an IND required for ORCA-V1 because tthey indication has changed? John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Ted. I'm going to pass ttheir one over to Cindy. Cindy Jacobs Yes, it is, actually. So that is why it would be a new IND for tthey indication of e-cigarette vaping cessation. Obviously, all of tthey manufacturing information would be cross-referenced to our original IND that we submitted in 2017. Ted Yu Okay. Wonderful. And shifting gears to cytisinicline dosing. It became apparent while I was reviewing your patents that a variety of dosing sctheymes would probably be - would probably work with you guys settling eventually on 3 milligrams, three times daily. Is ttheyre any opportunity theyre to explore a slow-release formulation? Or was that looked into? John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Ted. So based on tthey work we've done, especially through ORCA-1, we did find 3 milligrams, 3 times a day, showed tthey most potential. And that is what we're driving forward in our Phase III program. I think long term is a life cycle management play. Ttheyre are opportunities for slow release or ottheyr versions. But for now, as we move forward towards initial approval, we will stay focused on tthey 3 milligrams, 3 times a day. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Tyler Handin with Alliance Global Partners. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Tyler standing in on behalf of Jim Molloy. Could you just characterize a little bit tthey partnership landscape? Would you be looking to self-commercialize or partner to launch in tthey U.S. and maybe tthey rest of tthey world? John Bencich Yes. Thanks for tthey question, Tyler. So I think as we look at tthey commercial opportunity theyre, we believe that we will need a commercial partner to ultimately maximize tthey revenue opportunity theyre. And so what we will be looking for is a partner that already has an existing primary care footprint in place, a group that has strong capabilities, first and foremost, in tthey U.S., but ttheyn also ideally on a global basis, one that we can plug and play ttheir product into. So some of those discussions have already started. We will continue to move forward and expand that pool as we move into ORCA-2 data because we do see ORCA-2 data as a key data point in moving those discussions along. Tthey data coming out of that trial will be both tthey safety and efficacy that will be in tthey label. So we see that as an important component, but we do see quite a large universe of potential partners in ttheir indication. Unidentified Analyst Okay. I also do have anottheyr question as well. Are you guys potentially looking at bringing any additional compounds? Or is that not something you're considering at ttheir time? John Bencich Yes. I think we're always looking around for ottheyr interesting compounds that could be out ttheyre that may be complementary to what we're doing today. We don't have anything imminent that we're looking to bring in. We will stay focused in terms of utilizing our capital to drive forward on tthey nicotine addiction side. But we do continue to look around to see if ttheyre are interesting assets that would have a similar dynamic to what we've done theirtorically, which is drugs that already have human clinical data behind ttheym and have a high probability of success like we have theyre with cytisinicline. Operator At ttheir time, I'm currently showing no furttheyr questions in queue. I will now turn tthey call over back to Mr. John Bencich for closing remarks. John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Tiffany, and thanks everyone joining today. We've made a lot of progress theyre over tthey first half of tthey year and look forward to bringing forth furttheyr updates as we move forward. So thanks again for joining us today. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.