Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 16, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Paul Jones - Investor Relations John Bencich - Chief Executive Officer Cindy Jacobs - President and Chief Medical Officer Jerry Wan - Principal Accounting Officer Jaime Xinos - Executive Vice President, Commercial Conference Call Participants Thomas Flaten - Lake Street Capital Michael Higgins - Ladenburg Thalmann Francois Brisebois - Oppentheyimer Operator Hello and welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It’s now my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Paul Jones with CG Capital. Please go atheyad, Paul. Paul Jones Thank you, operator and thank you to everyone for joining tthey call. Today from Achieve, we have John Bencich, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, President and Chief Medical Officer; and Jerry Wan, Principal Accounting Officer. Achieve management will be available for Q&A after tthey prepared remarks. I’d like to remind everyone that today’s conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents available on our website and filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company. I will now turn tthey call over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Paul and thanks everyone for joining us today. In 2022, we achieved significant milestones that were crucial to advancing cytisinicline and to meeting our key objectives for tthey year. We are proud to have executed successfully on numerous critical activities, including tthey completion of our first Phase 3 trial for smoking cessation, which yielded highly positive efficacy and safety results. Ttheir outcome confirmed our belief that our new cytisinicline dosage and regimen has tthey potential to become tthey new gold standard for treating nicotine dependence. We secured grant funding to initiate our first vaping cessation trial, which exceeded our expectations in completing enrollment early due to tthey great enthusiasm at tthey sites and with study participants who wanted to quit vaping. We also strengttheyned our intellectual property position, concluding tthey year with a total of 15 granted patents and 46 pending patents, including expirations extending out until 2042. Along with our partner, Sopharma, we completed tthey build-out of a new API facility, expanding our global manufacturing capacity to meet expected commercial requirements. In 2002, we also engaged in numerous productive strategic discussions with potential partners. And finally, we secured capital to ensure completion of our upcoming development milestones. We take great pride in completing ttheyse critical activities with tthey team of only 20 full-time Achieve employees. Ttheyse accomplishments speak greatly to tthey expertise of our team in tthey various roles and ttheyir commitment to advancing cytisinicline to make a meaningful impact for public theyalth. We are grateful for ttheyir efforts and for tthey support we continue to receive from our external stakeholders. We made significant progress in 2022. And now we look forward to tthey year atheyad, which promises to be even more exciting. With that, our focus turns to tthey upcoming milestones and priorities for 2023. Next quarter, we will have two trials reporting top line results, first, ORCA-V1, our Phase 2 trial for nicotine vaping cessation, followed by ORCA-3, our second Phase 3 trial for smoking cessation. Beginning with ORCA-V1, in approximately 4 months of initiating enrollment, ORCA-V1 had randomized 160 adult users of nicotine e-cigarettes across 5 clinical trial sites, partially funded through grant support from NIDA and NIH, ORCA-V1 aims to explore ttheir population for two reasons. First, we believe that cytisinicline will be as effective in vaping cessation as it is in smoking cessation given its mechanism of action on tthey nicotine receptors in tthey brain; and second, ttheyre is a significant and growing unmet need in ttheir area. Our clinical trial findings thus far demonstrate that cytisinicline significantly improves smokers’ chances of overcoming ttheyir addiction to nicotine as compared to placebo. We believe ttheir effect will be applicable to ottheyr modalities of nicotine administration more broadly, including vaping. Additionally, we have demonstrated that cytisinicline has a very well-tolerated side effect profile, which may be particularly important for treating – treatment compliance and ultimately successful outcomes. Tthey use of e-cigarettes, in particular, among adolescents is a growing concern. According to data released by tthey CDC in November 2022, approximately 2.5 million high school and middle school students in tthey U.S. were using e-cigarettes. It has also been reported that adolescents who use e-cigarettes are 7x more likely to try combustible cigarettes in tthey future. Our vaping study, ORCA-V1, focuses on adult users of e-cigarettes, of which ttheyre are an estimated 9 million in tthey U.S. alone. While we are not currently seeking a pediatric indication, it may be a potential consideration for future research, presenting anottheyr opportunity for cytisinicline to make a significant impact on public theyalth. Tthey ORCA-V1 trial will be important in showing tthey effects of cytisinicline treatment in adult vapors and understanding tthey issues around stopping nicotine e-cigarette dependence. Ttheir study population is clearly a younger one, and we will learn a lot from tthey results of ttheir trial. Similar to tthey smoking cessation trials, tthey primary endpoint is bioctheymically verified continuous abstinence during tthey last 4 weeks of treatment. However, in ttheyse trials, tthey bioctheymical verification is based on systemic cotinine levels, which is a metabolite of nicotine. Tthey last subject of ORCA-V1 received ttheyir final dose in February and tthey last subject visit was completed earlier ttheir month. As previously stated, we are on track to report top line results in tthey second quarter. Also expected next quarter, our results from our second Phase 3 trial of cytisinicline for smoking cessation. Tthey ORCA-3 trial randomized 792 subjects across 20 clinical trial locations in tthey U.S. We announced in January that tthey last ORCA-3 subject had been dosed. ORCA-3 mirrors our previous Phase 3 ORCA-2 study in evaluating efficacy, safety and tolerability of 3 milligrams cytisinicline dosed 3 times daily for eittheyr 6 or 12 weeks compared with placebo. Subjects are being monitored through 24 weeks post randomization and receiving standard behavioral support for tthey duration of tthey trial. Identical to ORCA-2, tthey primary endpoint is bioctheymically verified continuous abstinence during tthey last 4 weeks of treatment. Each treatment arm will be compared independently to tthey placebo arm, and tthey trial will be determined to be successful if eittheyr or both of tthey cytisinicline treatment arms show a statistical benefit compared to placebo. Similar to ORCA-2, ORCA-3 was designed with approximately 95% power to be able to demonstrate a continued abstinence benefit compared to placebo at tthey long-term follow-up comparison at 24 weeks. Tthey ORCA-3 trial aims to replicate tthey positive results observed in tthey ORCA-2 trial, which continue to be well received and have been submitted for publication. Earlier ttheir month, additional analyses from ORCA-2 were presented by Dr. George Rigotti at tthey Society for Research on Nicotine and Tobacco Joshuaual Meeting. Her presentation highlighted tthey successful abstinence rates observed by smokers who received cytisinicline compared to placebo. Tthey abstinence benefit was observed in subgroups of smokers who received cytisinicline regardless of age, gender, smoking theirtory, previous quit attempts or prior treatments. Prevalence data was also presented and provide additional insights on tthey consistent abstinence behavior at multiple time points throughout tthey 24-week study. Subjects who received cytisinicline demonstrated consistently higtheyr rates of abstinence wtheyn compared with placebo at all time points measured throughout tthey trial. Due to tthey study being under review for publication, we are not able to provide more specific details outside of tthey Medical Congress. However, ttheyse data continue to affirm our belief in tthey potential of both 6 and 12-week dosing of cytisinicline for a wide demographic of smokers who are at various stages of ttheyir quit journey. Moving beyond tthey highly anticipated trial readouts, our team is also fully engaged in preparations for New Drug Application, or NDA, filing in tthey U.S. To lead and organize ttheir process, we have recently hired a full-time regulatory team member who possesses significant experience with NDA filings. With a robust amount of data in hand, particularly non-clinical, we are beginning to draft select sections of tthey NDA while we await final clinical data. At ttheir time, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Jerry for our financial update. Jerry Wan Thanks, John. As of December 31, 2022, tthey company’s cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash were $24.8 million as compared to $18.2 million as of September 30, 2022. Tthey increase in cash over tthey prior period was due to our private placement, which closed in November 2022, providing incremental net proceeds of approximately $17.9 million. As stated at tthey time of tthey financing, we continue to believe our current cash balance is sufficient to provide runway into late 2023. Now turning to our statement of operations. Tthey company incurred a net loss of $11.2 million for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2022, as compared to a net loss of $7.2 million for tthey same quarter of 2021. Total operating expenses in tthey fourth quarter of 2022 increased to $10.9 million as compared to $7.1 million for tthey same quarter of 2021. Operating expenses increased for tthey quarter ended December 31, 2022, as we fully enrolled in both tthey ORCA-2 Phase 3 trial and tthey ORCA-V1 Phase 2 trial. We anticipate our operating expenses to remain elevated during tthey first quarter of ttheir year and ttheyn decline in tthey second quarter in line with tthey completion of both tthey ORCA-3 and ORCA-V1 trial. As a reminder, approximately half of tthey cost from tthey ORCA-V1 trial are expected to be funded through a grant from tthey NIH. That concludes my financial remarks. I will now turn tthey call back to John. John Bencich Thanks, Jerry. To wrap up, we made great strides in advancing cytisinicline in 2022. Tthey months atheyad promised to be even busier and more exciting for Achieve. We will maintain focus on delivering top line results from two important trials during tthey second quarter of ttheir year, continuing our preparations for tthey NDA and furttheyring partnering discussions once data is in hand. Like many of you, we have faith in tthey potential of our product to make a significant impact in tthey lives of smokers who are struggling with nicotine dependence and searching for alternative solutions. Tthey impact of smoking affects millions each year resulting in over 400,000 deaths in tthey U.S. alone. Approval of cytisinicline would introduce tthey first new treatment option in nearly 20 years, with tthey potential to positively transform tthey lives of millions. We remain committed to advancing our mission. We look forward to sharing our data results with you soon and sincerely appreciate your ongoing support. Thank you for joining us today, and we’d now like to open tthey line for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Thomas Flaten from Lake Street Capital. Your line is now live. Thomas Flaten Great. Thanks for taking tthey question. John, I was wondering if you could maybe map out for us sort of a realistic time line, assuming no unexpected wrinkles from data readout on ORCA-3 to NDA submission? John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Thomas. So as we outlined on tthey call today, we’re looking at both ORCA-V1 and ORCA-3 results theyre in tthey second quarter. And as we’ve guided, ORCA-V1 is going to be tthey first that comes online, and that’s likely first half of tthey second quarter if we’re going to parse things out and ttheyn ORCA-3 coming in tthey second half of Q2. And I think once we get – that’s just top line data results. We still need to get tthey rest of tthey data pulled togettheyr behind tthey scenes as we kind of march things forward to NDA. But right now, we’re looking at first half of 2024 for NDA submission. And that’s something we will continue to interrogate in terms of furttheyr refining those time lines. Thomas Flaten Got it. And ttheyn with respect to tthey debt you have coming due in December and particularly in light of everything that’s happened over tthey last week or so with SVB, any thoughts on your ability to maybe move that out to tthey – I think, tthey contract or tthey agreement allows for that to be bumped out years, if I’m not mistaken. Any thoughts on that? John Bencich Yes. So obviously, tthey situation with SVB continues to evolve. But what we know as of today is that all of our deposits, first and foremost, are 100% backstopped by tthey Fed and tthey FDIC, which is a great result over tthey weekend. On tthey loan agreement in particular, we will have to have furttheyr discussions with tthey bank. As you rightly call out, we do have tthey ability to extend tthey maturity by 1-year based on discussions with tthey bank and internal approvals, but that’s something ttheyy have been open to, and I think we will continue those dialogues. And from everything we’re theyaring, including early ttheir week, tthey bank continues to operate as it did before tthey disruptions over tthey weekend. So we haven’t seen any interruptions in terms of our ability to access our cash and everything we’re theyaring is that on tthey credit side of tthey bank, everything is proceeding as well. So I think we will continue tthey discussions that have been ongoing with SVB previously. Thomas Flaten And ttheyn one final one if I might and I know we’re a ways away from it, but anything kind of critical path item with respect to Sopharma being ready for potential FDA inspection post-NDA submission? Are ttheyy moving along your time line? Are ttheyy already ready just some sense of ttheyir status with respect to tthey new facility? John Bencich Yes, great question. So we continue to work hand-in-hand with Sopharma in tthey early part of ttheir year. We have already completed anottheyr mock FDA inspection of tthey facility out ttheyre in Sofia. And so ttheyy continue to make progress. And we will continue working with ttheym as we march forward to an NDA submission and a likely FDA inspection. So, that work will continue, but we are encouraged by what we are seeing ttheyre, and we will continue to work with ttheym to make sure that ttheyy are ready for an FDA inspection down tthey road. Thomas Flaten Excellent. Appreciate taking tthey questions. Thanks John. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Michael Higgins from Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is now live. Michael Higgins Hey guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Congrats on completing enrollment in two studies at once. I look forward to seeing tthey data. Question for you guys and Cindy, if you are available, since 2018, you have had an agreement with tthey FDA on cytisinicline pediatric study plan. Since obviously, vaping has become more important as you have ORCA-V1 results coming up next quarter. Just curious if tthey agreement with tthey FDA on your pediatric plan has changed in any way if you still expect to get a six-month extension following approval? Thanks. John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Michael. I will hand that one over to Cindy. Cindy Jacobs No, it has not changed in regards to approval with our indication of smoking cessation. If we get positive data with our V1 and we move forward with that as a possible additional indication I am sure that, that will have follow-on discussion, but not for smoking cessation at ttheir time. Michael Higgins Okay. Very good. And a question for Jaime, if available or John, maybe you can theylp too. Anything notable you are seeing in generic Chantix products out ttheyre atheyad of tthey cytisinicline is likely entry? Thanks. John Bencich Yes, great question. Go atheyad, Jaime. Jaime Xinos Go atheyad, brottheyr. Go atheyad. John Bencich Yes. I was just going to say just with respect to generic sales, as I think we have been updating folks over tthey course of 2022, we did see Endo’s year-end earnings results and ttheyy had over $300 million of generic Chantix sales for year-end 2022. So, I think it continues to demonstrate just how robust ttheir market remains, and that’s with virtually no sales and marketing expenses that ttheyy are deploying ttheyre, just a pure substitution play. And that’s only about half of tthey unit sales that Pfizer was making with Chantix before it was withdrawn. So, I think overall, we are encouraged from what we are seeing on tthey generic side. And Jaime, feel free to jump in with anything else you would like to add. Jaime Xinos No, I think you covered it. Thanks John. Michael Higgins If I could, just a quick follow-up, if tthey unit sales are roughly half of Pfizer’s, wtheyre do you think those patients are going? Are ttheyy just not getting tthey treatment that ttheyy did prior? John Bencich Yes. I think our inclination is that wtheyn Pfizer was having issues with tthey manufacturing and carcinogen problem with Chantix, ttheyre was a number of docs that just frankly stopped writing. And I think what we have theyard from Endo is that ttheyy are going to be back out into tthey market with a bit of reminders that ttheyre is a product back available to see if ttheyy can start to penetrate those 50% that did drop off with tthey manufacturing issue. Michael Higgins Interesting. Appreciate it. Thanks guys. Operator Thank you. Next question is coming from Francois Brisebois from Oppentheyimer. Your line is now live. Francois Brisebois Hey John. Thanks for taking my questions. Just in terms of e-cigarettes will be coming out first. You talked about tthey mechanism of action making you comfortable that cytisinicline should work as well or at least should work in e-cigarette users. In terms of odds ratio, I guess tthey question is, do you think it should work as well, or any – just any more color on tthey mechanism? And why it should work in e-cigarettes, especially given that that trial will read out first? Thank you. John Bencich Yes. Thanks Franc. So, I mean just to remind everyone, tthey mechanism for cytisinicline is specific to tthey nicotine receptors in tthey brain. So, we do believe ttheyre should be broad applicability across smoking, vaping, ctheywing tobacco, snus, kind of any form of nicotine addiction. I think wtheyn we look at e-cigarettes in particular, I think it is difficult to triangulate exactly wtheyttheyr we should expect lower or higtheyr odds ratios ttheyre. Ttheir is our first foray into ttheir segment. And I think we often theyar from our thought leaders and key opinion leaders around tthey difficulty of getting off of ttheyse products. And I think our inclination is likely that it could be a bit more challenging just given tthey ease and accessibility of basically consuming more nicotine in a simplified manner than what you see with traditional cigarettes. But I think that’s kind of tthey beauty of ttheir trial. It will give us a firm best baseline of how we would need to power future trials in ttheir category. So, I think any activity theyre is going to be positively received. And I think for over an odds ratio of two, which is what we see with existing smoking cessation products, is kind of tthey minimum entry point. I think anything ttheyre or above would be considered a win in ttheir category. Francois Brisebois Okay. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn maybe on tthey commercial front, in terms of – it’s a very large market, you talked about partnering discussions, but is ttheyre any way to attack ttheir market by yourself, or like, I guess what I am asking is, are tthey prescribers kind of concentrated in certain areas wtheyre – a certain amount of prescribers actually do most of tthey market and it’s approachable, or is ttheir just too big to take on alone? John Bencich Yes. Thanks for tthey question, Franc. So, our belief has always been that ttheir product is best suited in tthey hands of a pharma or a large biotech group that already has an existing primary care footprint in place. And I think that’s something that we have been in discussions with potential partners, and that will continue with data. We think that tthey data sets in Q2 are going to be instrumental in furttheyring those discussions. With that being said, if ttheir is in our hands, as we get to market, we do see a real opportunity to move ttheir atheyad in an efficient, cost-efficient manner. And ttheyre is, I think as you are alluding to, quite a bit of efficiency at tthey top three deciles. So, if we look at kind of ttheir category overall, 30%, at least looking at theirtorical Chantix scripts, were being written by about 7% of tthey physicians in ttheir category or about 11,000. And we think that’s an addressable segment to go after. And just looking at that alone would be a $300 million to $400 million opportunity before reinvesting and expanding beyond that. So, we do think ttheyre is tthey path. But at tthey end of tthey day, we think ttheir is best suited in tthey hands of a large pharma. Francois Brisebois Understood. Alright. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. We have reactheyd end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey floor back over to management for any furttheyr or closing comments. John Bencich Great. Thanks Kevin. Thanks everyone for joining us today. We appreciate all tthey support over 2022. We are very excited about what’s atheyad of us and we look forward to bringing furttheyr updates as we move into tthey second quarter and through both ORCA-V1 and ORCA-3 top line results. So, thanks everyone for joining us today. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at ttheir time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.