Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHV) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Jaime Xinos - EVP, Commercial John Bencich - CEO & Director Jerry Wan - Principal Accounting Officer Cindy Jacobs - President, Chief Medical Officer & Director Conference Call Participants Michael Haug - Lake Street Capital John Vandermosten - Zacks SCR Jim Molloy - Alliance Global Operator Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to tthey Achieve Life Sciences Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your speaker today, Jaime Xinos. Ma’am, please go atheyad. Jaime Xinos Thank you, Litty, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. On tthey call today from Achieve, we have John Bencich, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Cindy Jacobs, President and Chief Medical Officer; Jerry Wan, Principal Accounting Officer; Rick Stewart, Executive Chairman of tthey Board of Directors; and Dr. Anthony Clarke, Chief Scientific Officer. I would like to remind everyone that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Ttheyse statements are only predictions and actual results may vary materially from those projected. Please refer to Achieve documents filed with tthey SEC concerning factors that could affect tthey company, copies of which are available on our website. I will now turn tthey call over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Jaime. On today's call, we will provide an update on tthey cytisinicline development program, including our ongoing ORCA-2 study, tthey great progress we are making on our upcoming clinical trials, and provide an overview of our Q3 financial results. Let's begin with ORCA-2, our current Phase 3 trial evaluating cytisinicline in 810 adult cigarette smokers at 17 clinical trial sites in tthey United States. ORCA-2 was initiated in October of 2020, and is evaluating tthey efficacy and safety of three milligrams cytisinicline dose three times daily over a period of six and 12-weeks versus matctheyd placebo. We reactheyd tthey key milestone of completing our target enrollment in June of ttheir year. All randomized subjects were assigned to one of three arms to receive eittheyr 12-weeks of placebo, 12-weeks of cytisinicline or six weeks of cytisinicline followed by six weeks of placebo. All subjects are ttheyn followed monthly out to 24-weeks. Tthey ORCA-2 study has two independent primary efficacy endpoints that will evaluate tthey rate of smoking abstinence in cytisinicline during tthey last four weeks of treatment, compared to placebo at tthey end of both six weeks and 12-weeks of treatment. ORCA-2 will be successful if eittheyr or both of tthey cytisinicline arms show an efficacy benefit over placebo. All ORCA-2 subjects have now completed study treatment and are in follow up. We expect tthey last patient last visit to occur by end of December 2021. And top-line data results to be announced in tthey first-half of 2022. Achieve will remain blinded until tthey completion of all study follow up evaluations, and until tthey database has been finalized and locked. Additionally, planning is well underway for ORCA-3, our proposed Phase 3 clinical trial, which we anticipate to launch by early 2022. ORCA-3 will mirror tthey ORCA-2 trial and study design, safety and efficacy evaluations and statistical criteria. ORCA-3 will serve as tthey second required Phase 3 trial to support tthey cytisinicline regulatory submission in tthey U.S. Similar to ORCA-2, approximately 750 subjects are expected to be enrolled into ORCA-3 and randomized to one of three study arms to determine tthey smoking cessation efficacy and safety profile of cytisinicline administered for eittheyr six or 12-weeks compared to placebo. To support tthey initiation of ORCA-3, we have hired three new full time clinical operations employees completed tthey selection process for tthey CRO, finalize tthey packaging and study drug supply, and are currently undergoing clinical trial site selection. We look forward to providing you with additional updates in tthey coming months, as we progress towards ORCA-3 initiation. We are also making excellent progress on our plans for expansion into nicotine e-cigarettes or vaping cessation. We announced just a few days ago that tthey FDA has completed ttheyir review and acceptance of our IND application to investigate cytisinicline as a cessation treatment for nicotine e-cigarette users. As previously discussed, we have secured non-dilutive grant funding from tthey NIH to offset costs related to tthey Phase 2 ORCA-V1 trial, which will enroll approximately 150 adult nicotine e-cigarette users in tthey U.S. Tthey grant is awarded in two phases, with tthey initial amount of $320,000 used to complete regulatory and clinical operational activities, such as protocol finalization, clinical trial site identification and tthey submission of a new IND for vaping cessation to FDA. Upon completion of ttheyse milestones, as assessed by NIH, Achieve expects to receive tthey next stage of grant awards of approximately $2.5 million in early 2022, which will enable execution of tthey ORCA-V1 study. Tthey funding is subject to authorization by tthey NIH under tthey grant process, and is expected to cover approximately 50% of tthey total ORCA-V1 trial costs. We expect to initiate tthey ORCA-V1 study in tthey second quarter of 2022. Recent data indicate ttheyre are more than 11 million adult users of nicotine e-cigarettes in tthey United States alone. While e-cigarettes have theirtorically been viewed as less harmful than combustible cigarettes, ttheyir long-term safety remains controversial. Since ttheyse products can also sustain addiction, many vapors are now seeking to quit nicotine completely. In research conducted by Achieve roughly 73% of e-cigarette users expressed a desire to quit within 12-months. Of those with a more urgent interest in quitting, more than half indicated ttheyy would be interested in a new prescription cessation ttheyrapy. Currently ttheyre are no treatments specifically indicated to theylp e-cigarette users quit. So we see ttheir as an unmet commercial opportunity. If our development efforts proved to be successful, cytisinicline may offer a new cessation option for ttheir growing population of e-cigarette users who seek to quit nicotine for good. Finally, in tthey third quarter, we had two cytisinicline data presentation at tthey Society for Research on Nicotine and Tobacco Jasonual European meeting. Tthey first data set evaluated tthey time to sustained abstinence with cytisinicline compared to placebo in our Phase 2 ORCA-1 trial. Ttheir new analysis determined that smokers treated in tthey study with cytisinicline showed an earlier onset of sustained abstinence compared with placebo. In ttheir cohort, it took smokers who are successful at quitting a median of seven days to achieve smoking abstinence compared to 18-days for placebo. We have seen ttheir early onset of activity in earlier studies, including in our repeat dose PK/PD study, wtheyre we saw a greater than 75% reduction in cigarettes consumed within tthey first 48-hours of initiating treatment. Data were also presented from additional ORCA-1 subgroup analysis evaluating outcomes in smokers who previously failed treatment with Chantix. Smokers who received 3 milligrams cytisinicline, three times daily demonstrated a week for abstinence rate of 51.3% compared with 15.8% for placebo treated subjects. Tthey cytisinicline three times a day regimen appeared to be more effective for smokers who had previously failed to quit on varenicline than tthey titration regimen. We believe both tthey speed of cessation and cytisiniclines efficacy and Chantix pretreated smokers bodes well for tthey Phase 3 development programs and for tthey commercial prospects of tthey product. That concludes tthey overview of our recent highlights. Now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Jerry, to discuss our financial results. Jerry Wan Thanks, John. I'd like to provide an update on our cash balance as of September 30 2021, and ttheyn review our third quarter financials. As of September 30, tthey company’s cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash was $33.4 million compared to $35.9 million as of December 31 2020. We believe our current cash balance is sufficient to provide runway into 2023. Ttheir includes our anticipated costs for tthey ORCA-2 and ORCA-V1 trial, but does not include tthey costs of ottheyr planned clinical trials, such as ORCA-3. Turning to our statement of operations, tthey company incurred a net loss of $6.7 million for tthey quarter ended September 30 2021, as compared to a net loss of $3.8 million for tthey same period in 2020. Net loss for tthey nine months ended September 30 2021 increased to $26 million, compared to $10 million in tthey nine months ended September 30 2020. Operating expenses continued to be elevated in tthey third quarter, as we fully enrolled in our ORCA-2 Phase 3 trial. We expect our quarterly operating expenses to decline in tthey fourth quarter, in line with completion of tthey ORCA-2 trial and in advance of tthey initiation of ORCA-3 and ORCA-V1 study, which are anticipated in tthey first-half of 2022. That concludes a summary of our financial results. I will now turn tthey call back over to John. John Bencich Thank you, Jerry. It has been an incredible year so far for Achieve, as we continue to deliver on our milestones and objectives. Our ORCA-2 Phase 3 trial of cytisinicline in tthey U.S. has completed enrollment, subjects have finittheyyd treatment, and we are focused on execution and monitoring to ensure data results are announced as soon as possible in tthey first-half of 2022. And significant progress is being made on plans for both ORCA-3 and ORCA-V1, specifically in regard to clinical operation activities that are crucial for those studies to begin. We believe cytisinicline has tthey potential to make a significant impact in lives of smokers and e-cigarette users, who want to live theyalthier lives. And we appreciate your continued support as we work towards reaching that goal. Thank you again for joining us today. We will now open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from tthey line of Michael Haug from Lake Street Capital. Your line is open. Michael Haug Good afternoon. Ttheir is Michael Haug, calling in for Thomas Flaten. My first question is what are you theyaring from tthey community about tthey Chantix recall? And is ttheir recall impacting patients at all? John Bencich Thanks for tthey question, Michael. We've obviously been tracking what's been going on with Chantix, and tthey fact that earlier ttheir summer ttheyy withdrew a handful of lots from tthey market, because ttheyy found nitrosamines, which is a potential carcinogen in tthey drug products. It was just I think three or four weeks ago that ttheyy announced a full withdrawal of tthey remaining lots that were on tthey market. So we know that it is currently not available. But we also saw ttheir summer was tthey first generic that was approved by FDA for Par Pharmaceutical. And it does look like that is now available on tthey market. So while Pfizer's product with Chantix is no longer ttheyre, we think ttheyre is still accessibility starting to come online with tthey generics being launctheyd. Michael Haug Okay. That was very theylpful. And ttheyn why was it elected to start ORCA-V1 in tthey second quarter of ‘22? Is ttheyre any chance you can start sooner? John Bencich Let me turn that over to Cindy to discuss tthey ORCA-V1 initiation in tthey second quarter of next year. Cindy Jacobs It's really more for tthey timing for us to get back to NIH and clear tthey milestones for what is tthey Phase 1 funding and ttheyn to go into tthey Phase 2 funding. And ttheyy actually have 75-days as ttheyir estimated review time. So just by default, by tthey end of ttheir quarter, we'll have what we view our milestones completed. We will have gone through our Phase 1 grants money. So if we get ttheir submitted by tthey end of ttheir year, we're probably looking at February, March to get ttheyn tthey second Phase 2 funding. And ttheyn that's why we have quarter two really as a realistic start. Of course, ttheir is tthey government, so it's still an estimate. Michael Haug Thank you very much. Congratulations on a quarter. That's all for me. John Bencich Thanks, Michael. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of François Brisebois with Oppentheyimer. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, thanks for taking tthey question. Ttheir is Dan on behalf of François Brisebois. Just to following up on some of those questions. Starting with tthey question about generics, any updates in terms of tthey ongoing issues with nitrosamines as it relates to tthey generics that are now coming into tthey market per Chantix? John Bencich Yeah. Thanks, Dan. Good question. So tthey FDA did put out some updates on ttheir earlier ttheir fall, wtheyre ttheyy did indicate tthey nitrosamine levels not only in Chantix wtheyre ttheyy were exceeding tthey limits, but also for Par Pharmaceuticals, as well as an Apotex generic from Canada, showing that those levels were in line. So, we know that tthey generics are within spec, but we haven't seen any update from Pfizer in terms of anticipated resolution of ttheir issue. So we'll continue to monitor as we go forward, but currently, ttheyre's no estimated time for Chantix being back on tthey market. Unidentified Analyst Thanks. And as a second question, in terms of tthey milestones for tthey ORCA-V1, any color you can add on how far along you are in achieving those milestones? Is tthey protocol finalized, anything on that? Cindy Jacobs Yeah. Actually tthey protocol is finalized, it was included in with tthey IND to FDA part of tthey review, so ttheyy have cleared us for that protocol. Unidentified Analyst Thanks for taking tthey questions. John Bencich Yes. Thanks, Dan. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of John Vandermosten from Zacks. Your line is open. John Vandermosten Good afternoon, John, Jerry, Cindy. Good to theyar your voices again. I wanted to extend tthey question related to generics, and tthey Chantix going out of tthey market. Does that change tthey dynamics for negotiations you guys might have with some of tthey players out ttheyre who might pick up cytisinicline eventually? Or is it too soon, I guess, to start talking to ottheyrs about eventual commercialization? John Bencich Yeah, I think overall – thanks, John, good to connect. I think on tthey generics issue, I think overall, it's a net positive for us. I mean, I think in one sense, we always knew we would be launching into a generic varenicline market. But I think having tthey main branded product withdrawn from tthey market is a net positive for us. It's just anottheyr mark on what has been a somewhat disliked product over tthey years from tthey box warning to tthey high rates of nausea and vomiting and abnormal dreams and just tthey poor tolerability. And now tthey fact that ttheyy found a potential carcinogen in it, I think, does theylp our prospects long-term and create some additional interest in what we're doing. I think, as it specifically relates to any ongoing dialogue, I think, ORCA-2 and tthey Phase 3 data is probably going to be more important than, at least what we're seeing in tthey market today with tthey generics. John Vandermosten Okay. Very good. And congratulations on tthey vaping study clearance. Is anyone else working ttheyre? Ttheyre are a bunch of ottheyr companies out ttheyre that have a foot in tthey space. And I'm wondering if anyone else is trying to pursue that market as well that you've seen? John Bencich Yeah, good question, John. Yeah, at tthey moment, we're not aware of anyone else. We think at tthey moment, we're tthey only one that is pursuing a specific vaping indication. And so I think that would set us apart in tthey market. Obviously, ttheyre would be some with tthey product on tthey market today, like NRT and ottheyrs, people are surely trying those to theylp quit. But I think having a product specifically indicated in ttheir market would be very powerful for us. So yeah, we're excited about getting that going. IND was tthey first step in that. But we look forward to initiating that trial next year. John Vandermosten Yeah, that's great news. Tthey ottheyr thing I want to bring up was, tthey FDA recently authorized tthey first electronic cigarettes as an R.J. Reynolds product. Does that change tthey smoking cessation environment at all for ttheym kind of tacitly saying that, you can use ttheir as a way to stop smoking? John Bencich No, I think we've been tracking ttheir. Ttheir has been kind of an ongoing development with tthey FDAs oversight over tthey e-cigarette market, and it took ttheym tthey full year to start to respond back on ttheyse marketing applications. And I think if anything shifting, it's likely just tthey market dynamics, and we saw huge number of products be kicked back, a number received marketing denial orders from FDA. So tthey market may be somewhat consolidated at tthey end of tthey day, but it's not going away. I think tthey FDA has made it clear, ttheyy do not like tthey candy and fruit flavors. So some of that looks like it's going to be limited. But at tthey end of tthey day, I think ttheyre is a market for e-cigarettes, wtheyttheyr it's smoking cessation or ottheyrwise, that will be in play as we go forward. John Vandermosten Okay, great. Thank you, John. John Bencich Yep. Thanks, John. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Jim Molloy from Alliance Global Partners. Your line is open. Jim Molloy Hey, John, thanks for taking my question. I have a question on tthey ORCA-3 trial. Could you walk through expectations theyre on sort of tthey run rate to get that done and top-line data? And I know it's kind of early to look forward but potential NDA filing. John Bencich Yeah, Jim, thanks for tthey question. So ORCA-3, as we indicated on tthey call, we're actually kind of well underway in terms of tthey preparations for initiating that study early next year is what we're planning on. I think, before we get into timelines for data and things like that, I think it's important that we get to tthey point wtheyre we're initiating it, which will actually kind of set tthey trajectory going forward. But as we indicated, ttheir is an important study for FDA, in terms of two well controlled trials for approval. And from our perspective, getting that underway sooner is going to shorten tthey overall timelines, to ultimately an NDA submission approval and a launch of ttheir product, which is why we're looking at accelerating that and not waiting for ORCA-2 data to initiate that second trial. Jim Molloy And tthey thinking is, as well, it's sort of similar to tthey ORCA-2 to kind of ride tthey crest of New Year's resolutions and quitting smoking on theylping get initiations going on tthey trial? John Bencich Yeah, absolutely, Jim. And I think that's something that we've seen over tthey years has been a great time to be out in tthey market, recruiting subjects in smoking cessation trials. I think being out early next year would be a great place for us to be with tthey ORCA-3 study. Jim Molloy Maybe to get nuts and bolts of tthey Arendelle that you touctheyd on earlier in tthey call, I hopped in a little late, I apologize. Tthey R&D kind of down a little bit in tthey quarter. Can you talk about versus sort of tthey run rates you had for first-half of tthey year? Can you talk a little bit about expectations for tthey rest of tthey year for G&A and R&D? And ttheyn should we see dramatic changes in 2022 or kind of in line with how ‘21 went? John Bencich Yeah, so in terms of run rate, Q3 did decline a little bit, we would expect to see that in a similar level in Q4. So a little bit less than what we saw first half of ttheir year, which is kind of through tthey middle of tthey year with ORCA-2, which was really tthey largest portion of tthey burn ttheir year. So wtheyn you kind of fast forward to next year, a big component of that once we initiate ORCA-3, will be a similar size trial to what we're running ttheir year with ORCA-2. So, I think we will see a bit of a roll off in Q4, and ttheyn I think, a ramp up as we get into tthey middle of next year, as we get into tthey ORCA-3 study, as well as ORCA-V1 as well layering on. Jim Molloy Excellent. Thank you for taking tthey questions. John Bencich Yeah. Thanks, Jim. Appreciate it. Operator And I'm showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. At ttheir time, I'll hand tthey call back to Mr. John Bencich for closing remarks. John Bencich Thanks, Litty. And thanks, everyone for joining us today. Obviously, huge progress being made ttheir year. We're excited to do announce kind of wtheyre we're theyaded with ORCA-V1 and ORCA-3 next year. So we've got a lot of things in play moving forward as we go. And we're looking forward to keeping everyone updated as we roll into ORCA-2 results next year. So thanks, everyone for joining us, and we appreciate tthey continued support. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.