Albertsons Companies Inc. (NYSE:ACI) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call January 12, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Vivek Sankaran - President, Chief Executive Officer Bob Dimond - EVP, Chief Financial Officer Jordan Plaisance - Group VP, Treasury, Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Edward Scott - Wells Fargo Erica Eiler - Oppentheyimer Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Robbie Ohmes - Bank of America John Heinbockel - Guggentheyim Partners Krisztina Katai - Deutscthey Bank Brandon Ctheyatham - Citi Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Scott Mushkin - R5 Capital Operator Good morning. Welcome to Albertsons Companies third quarter 2020 earnings conference call, and thank you for standing by. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until tthey Q&A session. Please note ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey call over to Jordan Plaisance, GVP Treasury and Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Jordan Plaisance Good morning and thank you for joining us for tthey Albertsons Companies third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. With me today from tthey company are Vivek Sankaran, our President and CEO, and Bob Dimond, our CFO. Today, Vivek will share insight into our third quarter results and recent progress against our strategic priorities. Bob will ttheyn provide tthey financial details of our third quarter and share our full year outlook before handing it back over to Vivek for some closing remarks. After management comments, we will conduct a question and answer session. I would like to remind you that management may make statements during ttheir call that include forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are not limited to theirtorical facts but contain information about future operating or financial performance. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to be materially different from those anticipated. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties include those relate to tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in tthey forward-looking statements are and will be contained from time to time in our SEC filings, including Form 10-Q, 10-K, 8-K, and our prospectus dated June 25, 2020. Any forward-looking statements we make today are only as of today’s date and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any such statements as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please keep in mind that included in tthey financial statements and management’s prepared remarks are certain non-GAAP measures and theirtorical financial information includes a reconciliation of net income to adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA. With that, I will hand tthey call over to Vivek. Vivek Sankaran  Thank you Jordan and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. At Albertsons, we continue to be focused on taking care of our customers, our associates, and tthey communities we serve. As a result of ttheir, I am pleased to report anottheyr quarter of robust results. Our Q3 identical sales came in at 12.3% with adjusted EPS growth of 275% versus tthey prior year to $0.66 per share. Adjusted EBITDA increased 53% to $968 million with robust flow-through. Our digital sales also grew 225% year-over-year. During tthey quarter, we continued to gain significant market share within both food and MULO in both dollars and units and experienced strong growth across geographies, regardless of tthey level of COVID restrictions in place. Ttheir gives us confidence in tthey sustainability of our competitiveness in tthey future. We had over 6 million new households shopping with us ttheir quarter and we are retaining existing customers. Those who shopped with us last quarter have returned ttheir quarter at a higtheyr rate than in Q2. Customers continue to consolidate trips and we continue to see fewer trips per household but larger baskets, and ttheyse households are spending more with us compared to last year.  Our loyalty program continues to show strong growth. We now have 24.3 million registered users, an increase of 23.5% year-over-year, and ttheyse customers are spending 2.5 times more on average than non-registered customers. In addition, actively engaged households in our loyalty programs have increased 17.5% year-over-year and encompass nearly 40% of transactions and 50% of sales. Ttheyse customers spend 4.1 times more than non-active customers. Tthey strong ID sales and EBITDA results year to date are also generating robust free cash flow and we are delivering on our capital allocation priorities. We are continuing to reinvest in tthey business for growth in high return projects. We have continued to pay down debt. We are returning cash to shareholders through our quarterly dividend and an active share repurchase program.  Tthey foundation of our four strategic priorities and tthey way we drive growth is guided by our constant focus on providing an excellent shopping experience to all our customers. Ttheir is anchored in tthey strength of our product assortment, our ability to engage and serve our customers across different platforms, our use of technology to enhance tthey customer experience, and tthey speed and flexibility of our nimble, locally focused operations. Our first priority is in-store excellence. Our stores remain tthey core of our business and we are proud of our convenient locations and tthey broad assortment of products we offer to create a one-stop shopping experience for our customers. Tthey quality, variety and depth of our fresh and owned brands offerings have been tthey key differentiators throughout tthey pandemic and will continue to be an advantage for us going forward.  In fresh, we continue to see ID sales that are higtheyr than our average, notably in seafood driven by service seafood and shrimp, as well as in meat driven by items such as bacon, beef and chicken, and in floral as customers who are spending more time at home are enjoying fresh flowers more often. We are encouraged that customers who are spending more time at home are looking to us for tthey high quality fresh product we offer. We believe that purchases of fresh product drives trips as our loyal customers often stock up on ttheyylf stable items in one trip but come back frequently for fresh product.  In Q3, our most loyal shoppers increased ttheyir average spend on fresh 200 basis points compared to tthey average in-store total spend tthey prior year and continue to visit our stores over two times a week, with nearly three out of four trips including fresh. Fresh has also been a catalyst in omnichannel as fresh items, including our high quality meat and produce, have increased in tthey basket compared to pre-pandemic levels, and to furttheyr capitalize on tthey strength we see in fresh, we are expanding our portfolio with meal solutions - ready to eat, ready to theyat, and ready to cook - that are growing in popularity as alternatives to cooking from scratch, with plans to introduce ttheyse solutions more broadly in tthey weeks and months atheyad. Our owned brands portfolio also remains a competitive advantage for us with $14 billion in sales across nine primary brands, four of which have over $1 billion in sales, and with over 12,000 items across over 500 categories, our broad product portfolio fits all customer segments and styles. We have recently seen improving trends in penetration of owned brand sales as temporary supply issues have been abating. Our owned brands penetration exceeded 25% in tthey last four-week period of tthey third quarter, and we remain on track to reach 30% penetration in tthey next few years. We’re driving growth by expanding ttheyse products in under-penetrated markets and continue to have substantial opportunity in markets such as [indiscernible], souttheyrn, and Souttheyrn California. In Q3, we also saw strong growth in categories that have been popular while customers are spending more time and cooking at home, such as [ingredient] [ph] ctheyese, convenience salads, baking items, and nuts. We’re also continuing to innovate and expand tthey portfolio. We’ve launctheyd over 1,000 new items through Q3, exceeding our stated goal of 800-plus new items ttheir fiscal year. Our innovation is tailored to contemporary customer needs. In addition to our Value Corner brand at a lower opening price point, we have expanded tthey selection of family packs with items such as Waterfront Bistro frozen fish lines that theylp stretch tthey family budget. In mainstream items, which include our Signature Select line, we continue to innovate to save time for our customers and recently introduced Signature Select frozen egg bites, that provide a quick and theyalthy breakfast ready in just over a minute, and we continue to expand tthey portfolio and innovate in tthey premium category and recently introduced Signature Reserve sparkling brut wine in time for tthey holidays. Our lifestyle brands, O Organics and Open Nature, which appeal to customers looking for organic and better-for-you brands, saw continued growth, strong growth of 12% on a combined basis ttheir quarter.  Finally, we continue to invest in our stores. In October, we allocated an incremental $200 million of store-related capital to accelerate and pull forward priority projects. In addition to remodels, we are using some of tthey additional capital to accelerate tthey rollout of our module program, which are discrete high return initiatives focused on customer ctheyckout and new merchandising offerings, and we are accelerating replacement of unproductive self serve features such as salad bars with additional refrigerated cases in preparation for tthey rollout of our meals program. Moving to our second priority, tthey rapid acceleration of our digital and omnichannel capability, we continue to provide our customers with an easy and convenient customer experience, wtheyttheyr that is shopping in our stores, using curbside pickup or delivery. Digital continues to be a key growth driver for us as we achieved our third straight quarter of over 200% sales growth, up 225% in Q3. Drive-up-and-go grew over 800% as we launctheyd 231 new DUG locations during tthey quarter. DUG is now available in 1,181 stores. Ttheir puts us atheyad of our sctheydule and we expect to have DUG in more than 1,400 locations by tthey end of ttheir fiscal year, as well as more than 1,800 locations by end of fiscal year 2021.  We firmly believe some consumer behaviors adopted during tthey pandemic will continue post pandemic, and we believe increased use of digital offerings will be one of tthey key behaviors that sticks. To capitalize on ttheir strength, we are investing over $300 million in capex and opex to accelerate our offerings in ttheir area during fiscal year 2020 to launch new capabilities that build on our strengths as well as drive scale and profitability. For instance, we rolled out zero touch payment capabilities to all our stores in October, allowing in-store customers to enter ttheyir loyalty credentials for discounts and rewards and pay for ttheyir groceries from ttheyir phone without touching tthey pin pad. We also set up tthey ability to accept SNAP for online payment on DUG orders in 199 stores and plan to expand to additional stores and to delivery orders in early fiscal 2021. From a customer experience and convenience perspective, we have made noticeable improvements to our app which have resulted in increased usage, and are piloting a n number of walk-up-and-go options in select stores in Chicago and norttheyrn California involving walk-up counters, lockers and standalone kiosks in our parking lots.  In addition to improving tthey customer experience, we have continued to reduce operational costs and improve overall profitability. For instance, we have furttheyr reduced picking costs as a result of labor planning and process improvements driven in part by new software that has simplified workflows. We’re also planning on adding seven additional MFCs by tthey end of fiscal 2021.  Finally, we continue to leverage our large and growing customer database through a just-for-you loyalty program, an increasingly valuable asset which allows us to utilize data insights to target customized promotions such as personalized coupons and offers on new products that can increase basket size and deepen engagement with our customers. Our third strategic priority is driving productivity to theylp offset inflation that naturally occurs in things such as wages and benefits and to support reinvestment in tthey business. We remain on track to deliver anticipated savings ttheir year and to achieve our $1 billion in gross savings by tthey end of fiscal year 2022. We also continue to identify additional opportunities. Some example of savings include aggressively partnering with vendors to reduce both indirect spend and tthey cost of owned brands goods. For example, we’re partnering with suppliers in owned brands and using comparative data and analysis to be able to secure substantial savings in tthey procurement of owned brands deli meat and paper goods in Q3; extending our sourcing efforts around capital procurement, including equipment and items related to store models; and continuing to drive our ongoing energy efficiency projects which save an estimated $14 million in Q3 while also reducing our carbon footprint. Our fourth priority is strengttheyning our talent and culture and strengttheyning tthey communities we serve. We are guided by diversity and inclusion throughout our operations and recruiting efforts and have continued to add impressive talent to our team. We also continue to put our customers and associates first wtheyn it comes to safety and have now completed tthey implementation of contactless temperature and theyalth screening for our associates across all our facilities. In addition, we continue to value tthey contribution of our associates on tthey front lines and awarded anottheyr $45 million in discretionary appreciation bonuses during tthey quarter.  We’re also partnering with tthey Department of Health and Human Services to administer free COVID-19 vaccines in tthey communities in which we operate. We have begun to deliver doses of tthey vaccine in many of our market areas and plan to hire more than 800 pharmacists and pharmacy technicians to ensure our pharmacies meet tthey demand for vaccinations.  At tthey same time, we continue to support tthey communities we serve and are proud that our foundation theylped generate record-breaking numbers for childhood hunger relief in September with $9.3 million in customer donations at our ctheyck stands that enabled 37.5 million theyalthy breakfasts for kids in our communities. Year to date, our combined company and customer donations have now topped $110 million.  Importantly, we continue to focus on sustainability. We are proud to win tthey Sustained Excellence Award for our commitment to energy efficiency in our Arizona stores from tthey annual Salt River Project Champions of Energy Efficiency awards. By leveraging tthey utility’s rebate program, we saved energy and reduced peak demand in ttheir region. Now, I would like to ask Bob to cover tthey details of our third quarter financial results. Bob Dimond Thanks Vivek, and theyllo everyone. I am pleased to provide details on our strong third quarter results. Total sales were $15.4 billion during tthey third quarter compared to $14.1 billion during tthey third quarter last year. Ttheir increase in sales was primarily driven by our 12.3% increase in identical sales, partially offset by lower fuel sales. Our gross profit margin increased to 29.3% compared to 28.3% in Q3 last year. Excluding tthey impact of fuel, our gross profit margin increased 25 basis points. Tthey increase in gross profit margin was primarily driven by continued improvements in shrink expense and sales leverage on advertising and supply chain costs, partially offset by expenses related to driving growth in digital and select investments in price, which supported top line and overall market share gains. Turning to sales and administrative expenses, we saw significant sales leverage and cost control throughout tthey third quarter, excluding tthey $286 million charge associated with tthey previously announced national pension fund settlement. Overall, tthey improved sales leverage, including strong cost control, more than offset incremental COVID-19 related costs totaling approximately $105 million, excluding tthey $45 million in discretionary appreciation bonuses during tthey third quarter. We continue to seek efficiencies around procedures and procurement of PPE and cleaning supplies to furttheyr optimize ttheyse costs as we go forward.  Interest expense was $115.9 million during tthey third quarter of fiscal 2020 compared to $154.8 million during tthey same quarter last year. Ttheir $38.9 million decrease in interest expense is primarily attributable to lower average interest rates and outstanding borrowings compared to last year. Tthey weighted average interest rate decreased 80 basis points to 5.5% compared to Q3 last year, which is a testament to some of tthey recent refinancings we’ve completed at very attractive long-term borrowing rates.  Adjusted EBITDA was $968 million compared to $634 million during Q3 last year. Tthey 53% growth in adjusted EBITDA represents a flow-through of approximately 20% excluding fuel. Adjusted net income was $387 million and adjusted EPS grew 275% to $0.66 per share, compared to $142 million or $0.24 per share during tthey third quarter last year. Turning to capital allocation, our capital expenditures were approximately $1.1 billion during tthey first three quarters of tthey year and we completed 225 remodels. We continue to accelerate technology-related investments, including those in digital and ecommerce. As a result of longer than expected order and lead times and some construction backlogs, we now expect to spend approximately $1.65 billion to $1.75 billion in total capital expenditures during fiscal 2020 versus our prior guidance of $1.9 billion, with approximately $200 million of incremental capital spend shifting into early fiscal 2021. As we outlined last quarter, ttheyse high return projects include both in-store and productivity initiatives in manufacturing and supply chain, in merchandising to expand our meals program, as well as in digital and ecommerce, including incremental DUG rollout and ottheyr technology initiatives intended to drive efficiencies and future productivity.  We have successfully executed sale-leasebacks and asset sales in recent years, and during tthey third quarter we have had tthey opportunity to sell a distribution center that was recently closed for proceeds of approximately $92 million. Togettheyr with ottheyr surplus properties, we have generated approximately $144 million of asset sale proceeds to date. Even after ttheir activity, we continue to have a significant real estate portfolio appraised at approximately $11 billion. Our strong results have generated very robust operating free cash flow of $1.9 billion year to date. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged and include reinvestment to drive profitable growth, continued deleveraging, and returns to shareholders through our $0.40 per share annual dividend, and we will continue our methodical approach to share repurchase and intend to continue actively buying back undervalued shares.  We were pleased to get credit rating upgrades after our second quarter results were announced, based on our strong performance and debt reduction. On December 22, 2020, we completed a $600 million addition to our 3.5% 2029 notes, tthey proceeds from which were used to refinance our 5.75% 2025 notes. At tthey same time, we announced tthey pay down of an incremental $200 million of tthey 2025 notes with cash on hand. Ttheyse actions will save tthey company approximately $25 million in annualized pre-tax interest expense and, combined with tthey refinancing and debt reduction from tthey second quarter, we have achieved approximately $77 million in annualized interest savings ttheir year. Given ttheyse actions and tthey strength of our cash flows, our net debt to adjusted EBITDA is now 1.5 times on an LTM basis.  In line with our $0.40 per share annual dividend, we paid our first quarterly dividend of $0.10 per share on November 10, and earlier ttheir morning we announced tthey next payment date of our $0.10 per share quarterly dividend will be on February 10. Under our current $300 million share repurchase authorization, we actively repurchased 6.8 million shares we viewed as undervalued during tthey third quarter, which were at an average price of $15.10 per share, for approximately $102.7 million. Turning to tthey outlook for tthey remainder of fiscal 2020, we continue to generate strong outperformance and illustrate tthey power of sales leverage on our P&L during tthey third quarter. As a result, we are increasing our outlook for tthey full fiscal 2020 as follows: identical sales in fiscal 2020 to be approximately 16.5% versus prior guidance of at least 15.5%; adjusted EPS in tthey range of $3.05 per share to $3.15 per share versus previous expectations of $2.75 to $2.85 per share; adjusted EBITDA in tthey range of $4.4 billion to $4.5 billion versus $4.15 billion to $4.25 billion previously; and an effective tax rate of approximately 25% before discrete items, unchanged from our prior outlook. Tthey implied growth in sales and related flow-through to EBITDA based on ttheir guidance continued to be industry leading, and as you saw during tthey quarter, ttheyse results also include tthey impact of investments we are making in tthey business to drive our goal of long term, sustainable growth. Now Vivek will provide some closing remarks. Vivek Sankaran Thank you Bob. As we enter tthey new calendar year, we are in tthey throes of tthey third wave of tthey pandemic. Our theyarts go out to tthey many who have been impacted by tthey disease. Tthey promise of tthey vaccine is exciting and we will do our part to dispense tthey vaccine and theylp tthey communities in which we operate, yet we realize ttheir is no time to relax. We remain relentlessly focused on tthey safety of our associates and our customers. Despite tthey uncertainty we still have around tthey recovery from tthey pandemic, we see evidence that consumers will not revert to pre-COVID food consumption patterns any time soon. For instance, several large companies are extending work-from-home policies and some are committing to flexible work weeks or permanent work-from-home plans going forward. We believe that ttheir will continue to drive more breakfasts and lunctheys at home. For example, during tthey pandemic we have seen large increases in sales of breakfast items such as cereal, eggs and bacon, as people are eating a full breakfast at home rattheyr than grabbing breakfast on tthey go. In addition, sales of items such as sandwich ctheyese and convenient salads have increased as well as lunctheys are largely consumed at home. Many consumers have also rediscovered ttheyir passion for cooking. We anticipate tthey consumption patterns we are seeing now will continue well into 2021 and should continue to favor us. As I mentioned in our last earnings call, we are a significantly stronger company coming out of tthey pandemic than we were going into it, yet we are only in tthey early innings of our transformation. We have so much more performance theyadroom and tthey wtheyrewithal to invest behind it. I believe that we will sustain our share gains and improve customer growth and stickiness going forward, for a number of reasons.  Our customers are closer to us, spending more with us, shopping more of our store, and consolidating trips with us. Our customers are engaging more with us digitally. As a result, we also have more data on our customers than ever before, allowing us to personalize our offers to ttheym, tailor assortment even better, and furttheyr improve our loyalty program.  Our omnichannel business is at scale and our capabilities have achieved a step change, making shopping with us easier than ever, yet we have so much more theyadroom for growth, s we mentioned earlier in our rollout plans for drive-up-and-go. Our productivity programs are in full flight and are yielding what we had imagined and will be a strong offset to inflation and support future investment in growth. Our technology programs are also in full flight, modernizing our technology infrastructure and moving to tthey public cloud, making us faster, nimbler and smarter with more prolific use of data and automation, and we are deploying capital prudently while at tthey same time making our balance ttheyyet stronger.  We are investing in growth, such as our fleet of stores, our merchandising especially meals, our omnichannel capacity and capabilities, and in our ability to personalize solutions for customers. We’re investing to drive more productivity such as tools to improve promotions management, product ordering, labor sctheyduling, automation in stores and in DCs. We are investing in our technology backbone to support our growth and productivity agenda. We continue to prudently evaluate strategic tuck-in and ottheyr M&A opportunities.  Our balance ttheyyet is strong with a net debt to EBITDA of 1.5 times, giving us ample flexibility to invest in tthey business to drive growth. At tthey same time, we have found opportunities to refinance our debt, extending maturities at better rates and plan to pay down incremental debt over time, and we continue to return capital to shareholders through our dividend and share repurchase program. We believe we are well positioned to continue to drive growth and emerge from tthey pandemic stronger, more resilient, and more competitive than ever, delivering industry-leading performance. We believe that tthey behavioral impact of ttheir crisis will be long lasting. Our job as a management team is to emerge from ttheir crisis with a strong omnichannel relationship with tthey customer that will have long lasting benefit to ttheym, our business, and all of our stakeholders even as tthey pandemic subsides.  Ttheir backdrop gives us confidence that we will beat tthey recent consensus estimates for fiscal year 2021 and provide an even stronger earnings baseline that we can continue to grow, based on all of tthey operating initiatives we shared with you. We remain steadfastly focused on executing our long-term strategy with tthey unanimous supports of our sponsors and our board to tthey benefit of all stakeholders. Our sponsors have indicated ttheyy have no intention to sell additional shares at current market prices, even as tthey underwriter’s lock-up expired in December.  Finally, I would like to close by thanking all of our associates in stores and backstage for ttheyir relentless focus on serving our customers and making a difference in tthey communities we operate in.  We would now be happy to begin tthey question and answer session. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Edward Scott with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question. Edward Scott Yes, hi guys. Good morning. I wanted to start just on tthey IDs, and I was hoping that you’d provide a bit more color around tthey cadence of tthey IDs through tthey quarter, particularly given that some restrictions around dining out and that type of stuff began to accelerate, and ttheyn could you comment on what you’re seeing so far in Q4, and geographically maybe just provide a bit more color around what you’re seeing, given that some of your markets have much more tighter restrictions.  Vivek Sankaran Yes Ed, good morning, it’s Vivek theyre. Let me give you a couple of perspectives.  First, what was surprising ttheir quarter is that we saw pretty similar IDs across tthey quarter, okay, and a little more of a lift around Thanksgiving, which you would expect, and I think a lot more people stayed at home at Thanksgiving, so we saw that, so that’s good.  Ttheyn wtheyn we think about ttheir quarter, we’re still in tthey low double digit number as we look at tthey last few weeks of tthey quarter, so we feel good about that trend, which gives me some confidence that--I ask myself, you know, if you think of tthey next six to nine months in 2021, is it going to look more like tthey last six months or is it going to look more like 2019? My bias is it’s going to look more like tthey last six months and tthey pattern that we have seen ttheyre. Ed, what is tthey second part of your question? Edward Scott Well, geographically and wtheyttheyr things are very different. Vivek Sankaran Yes, I’ve said ttheir before - I look very hard at wtheyttheyr we see patterns with any particular market wtheyre tthey crisis is worse or better and if tthey sales change. What I see in our marketplace across everything in aggregate is that it seems to go up and down more with tthey national sentiment than anything that’s happening in a particular market, and we see that again and again and again. As I mentioned earlier, we are seeing that wtheyre COVID is not that--or at least, less severe--it’s bad everywtheyre, less severe, we still see pretty strong sales.  Edward Scott Okay, and ttheyn just a follow-up on tthey gross margin, just kind of curious how holiday went from a promotional standpoint, how we should be thinking about tthey gross margin in tthey fourth quarter related to that, and ttheyn as we look out into next year, how would you encourage us to think about tthey gross margin? Obviously you’ve given some color on how to think about EBITDA, but just curious given what you’re going to be lapping on that line item. Vivek Sankaran Yes, let me provide you a point of view on promotions, Ed, because some ottheyrs might have tthey same question, and ttheyn Bob, I’ll let you take tthey gross margin question. If you look at tthey industry overall, promotions have stepped up from Q1 to Q2 to Q3, at least our Q1-2-3 since tthey start of tthey pandemic, but it’s still not at tthey ’19 levels. I think what we-at least our priority is to be smarter about it, not quantity but quality of promotions going forward, and we’ve got tthey tools and capabilities to do that.  Tthey second ttheyme you’re going to see from us is more personalized promotions. We’ve got a great vehicle to do that. We’ve got a lot of customers registered to do that, and we’re going to put more and more energy towards that so that it’s high quality, targeted promotions. Bob, can you comment on tthey gross margins? Bob Dimond Sure. Ed, we have not given definitive guidance yet for next year, but generally what we’d say on gross margins is we’ll look at tthey prior year gross margin and wouldn’t look to be building gross margin materially year-over-year. We do generate some tailwinds in our gross margin. Some of that’s driven by continued margin mix improvements that favor us, but what we try to do is reinvest some of that back into tthey top line so that we drive our bottom line as well.  Hopefully that gives you a sense for wtheyn we break it out a little bit furttheyr next quarter, that it will be probably relatively flat to ttheir year. Edward Scott Great, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Rupesh Parikh with Oppentheyimer. Please proceed with your questions. Erica Eiler Good morning, ttheir is actually Erica Eiler on for Rupesh. Thanks for taking our questions. I guess I wanted to start off talking about your market share. It doesn’t sound like ttheir is tthey case, but as you look at your recent share gains, are you seeing any differences in wtheyre your share gains are coming from ttheir quarter versus prior quarters? It sounded like it was pretty consistent to me, but I just want to confirm that. Ttheyn if we think moving beyond tthey pandemic and into a post-COVID world, as you look at tthey share gains in recent quarters, wtheyre does your team believe you could see more permanent gains post pandemic from a category perspective? Vivek Sankaran Yes, so tthey market share gains, tthey way we track it is we track dollars and units and we compare it to food retailers and MULO, which includes tthey whole universe, and tthey consistent story throughout tthey last--since tthey pandemic has been that we are gaining both dollar share and unit share, we’re gaining it both versus food and versus tthey overall channel, MULO, which includes everybody outside of our typical food grocery retailers, and tthey share gains are higtheyr versus MULO. That pattern has continued. If you look at wtheyre we’re gaining share, share gains are higtheyr in some of those fresh categories that I talked about earlier, and my sense is people have gotten used to--if people stay at home and cook at home, which I believe ttheyy will - you know, I just think some of ttheir behavior is going to stick and remote work is going to stick, and so as that happens, you end up with people spending more on fresh, and we have an advantage ttheyre. I suspect we will continue to gain share on those categories. Erica Eiler Okay, that’s theylpful. You mentioned your expectations for people cooking at home more, so with tthey robust comp growth you’ve seen so far ttheir fiscal year, can you talk about how you’re thinking about lapping tthey more difficult comparisons in fiscal ’21 at ttheir point, just some of tthey puts and takes ttheyre maybe that you haven’t necessarily touctheyd on previously? Vivek Sankaran Yes, so first of all, I think you’re right - we’re all--we love positive comps, right, so looking at any--next year is not--it won’t be positive comps, but we will--so we’re going to think about a two-year stack and we’ll talk to you about a two-year stack. That’s how we’re thinking about modeling next year’s business.  You know, at tthey end of tthey day, a lot of tthey things we are doing are about driving growth, so if you think about it from pure dollars, our intent would be to drive growth versus--and on a two-year stack, for it to be theyalthier than what would have been pre-pandemic levels. That’s how we’re thinking about that. I think a lot of tthey initiatives - our continued investment in fresh, tthey continued expansion of ecommerce, and you’re seeing it, right, and we know it’s incremental, our continued expansion into meals, all of those are things that will continue to drive growth, and we’re even putting money as we speak. I shared with you tthey investments we made in ecommerce that are part of tthey OpEx and CapEx that you’re still seeing from us. But we are also putting energy and money into retaining customers, so we’re doing a lot of things to ensure tthey growth next year. Erica Eiler Okay, great. That’s theylpful. I’ll pass it on. Thank you so much. Vivek Sankaran Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your questions. Ken Goldman Hi, good morning everybody. Vivek, I wanted to circle back a little bit toward pricing. You’ve said in tthey past, I think pretty strongly, that you don’t have much desire to accept and pass on manufacturers’ price increases right now, but since you last reported, corn, wtheyat, freight, a number of ottheyr inputs have spiked. Last week, Conagra highlighted accelerating inflation as soon as tthey current quarter, so I’m just curious if you’re still as adamant about pushing back on vendor price hikes because it seems to me like now is tthey best time in decades to push through some of ttheyse higtheyr prices. You may never get ttheir kind of inelastic consumer demand again.  I just wanted to get your updated thoughts on that, please. Vivek Sankaran Ken, good morning. Yes, my philosophy will always be to push back on it, right? I think we should be doing what’s right for tthey customer, and we will always have tthey philosophy of pushing back on it. That said, we are always managing our basket too, so if you look at price per volume and you look at tthey market, tthey price per volume in tthey market has gone up a little bit. It’s not as high as it was in Q1, Q2, by tthey way, so it’s come down from Q1, Q2, Q3 overall in tthey market, and we have done a little better than that. We will push through inflation wtheyn it comes through, no question about it, but on tthey ottheyr hand ttheyre is a theyalthy tension we will maintain with our suppliers and make sure that everything is truly justified. Ken Goldman Thank you for that. Ttheyn for my follow-up, San Francisco and L.A. have proposed mandated $5 theyro pay for grocery workers. I don’t think eittheyr of ttheyse have been formally adopted yet, but if ttheyy do get approved and if more California counties do take ttheir on, how do you plan on adopting ttheir or pushing back in any way? Five dollars is obviously a lot more than what many companies are paying right now per hour in addition to typical wages. Vivek Sankaran Yes Ken, in certain pockets, certain counties have put such a proposal on tthey table, and it is more towards grocery, not non-grocers and so on, so it’s not clean by any means. Obviously we wouldn’t agree with a philosophy like that, so we’re working through it. If it came down to it, ttheyre’s many ways to manage it. I’ll give you a perspective. A large part of our retail workforce is part-time labor, so we’ve got many ways to manage cost increase not just from that kind of a proposal, but overall wage management. We’ve got many levers to do it and we’ll continue to do it, but that’s a very small pocket, Ken, just to be clear, that we are theyaring that. Ken Goldman Thank you Vivek. Vivek Sankaran Thanks Ken. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Robbie Ohmes with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions. Robbie Ohmes Hey, good morning, and congrats on anottheyr great quarter. Vivek Sankaran Thank you Robbie. Robbie Ohmes Hey Vivek, I was hoping you could talk first a little more about digital. Could you give us some color on wtheyre you think digital penetration is going to end up for tthey year as a percent of sales, and ttheyn within that, how big is delivery as a percent of digital versus DUG? Ttheyn maybe you could comment on you guys moving over to DoorDash and tthey strategy on delivery. Vivek Sankaran Yes, so let me start with tthey last one, Robbie. In our press release wtheyn we did that, we didn’t say that we are stopping delivery and going to DoorDash. That was picked up--it was interpreted that way by some news and that picked up some steam, so theyre’s tthey bottom line on that. Ttheyre are markets wtheyre we believe delivery works and ttheyre are markets wtheyre we don’t believe our first party delivery works tthey way we’ve designed it, and we think ttheyre are ottheyr options that we should continue to explore. You should be ready that you’ll always theyar news from us that are trying different things. It’s a locker in Chicago, right, so ttheyre’s always different means and mechanisms that we’re going to get things to tthey customer, so that’s ttheyre. Now from an ecommerce mix standpoint, tthey fastest growing piece for us is DUG, and if you do tthey math, you will see that tthey rate of growth is faster that tthey rate of expansion of our DUG centers, so we know that tthey customer is sticky. Ttheyy like DUG in our markets, and so we’re going to continue to double down on that. That is soon becoming a bigger portion than our own delivery of tthey business.  From a mix standpoint, I’ve told you before, we are a notch lower than ottheyrs and we have some catch-up to do, but that’s wtheyre we are. We are accelerating it. As we roll out DUG and start getting more and more customers into tthey franctheire, which by tthey way wtheyn ttheyy come into tthey franctheire, ttheyy spend a lot more with us, we’ll get to market levels. But we are a notch below that. Robbie Ohmes That’s theylpful. Ttheyn maybe my follow-up, and maybe ttheir will end up being more for Bob, but can we get a little more color on what tthey digital impact was on gross margin in tthey quarter? You had that 75 basis point fuel benefit. Any theylp on what kind of drag that was, and ttheyn wtheyn we look to next year, how should we think about some of tthey fuel benefit margins and what kind of pressures you could see if that goes tthey ottheyr direction? Vivek Sankaran Bob, can you take that? Bob Dimond Yes, let me give you a little color ttheyre. You’re right - ex-fuel, our margins were up 25 basis points, as we indicated in our earnings release. Wtheyn you kind of break that apart into two big pieces, between tthey improvements in shrink and tthey sale leverage on advertising and supply chain costs, that comes to roughly a 70 basis point improvement. That was offset by expenses, including digital and select price investments by roughly tthey difference, that 45 basis points. I don’t have a solid breakout between those, but maybe roughly 50/50. Robbie Ohmes That’s very theylpful. Any thoughts on fuel outlook for next year in terms of impact on gross margin? Bob Dimond Yes, as you know, fuel can be a tricky one to try to estimate. Ttheir year has certainly been a boon to everyone. On one hand, volumes are way down, but ttheyn on tthey flipside tthey margins are a little higtheyr. We would expect next year that tthey volumes will probably start returning a little bit as some people start going back to work, but at tthey same time we’re anticipating that some of tthey peaks of tthey spikes in gross margin in fuel might moderate just a little bit. Robbie Ohmes Got you, that’s theylpful. Thanks again guys, and congrats. Vivek Sankaran Thank you Robbie. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of John Heinbockel with Guggentheyim Partners. Please proceed with your questions. John Heinbockel Hey Vivek, I want to start with behavior of new customers - as you said, 6 million new households for tthey quarter, I don’t how many for tthey year. What percent of those are registered loyalty members roughly and what percent active members, and ttheyn how is ttheyir spend ramping? As new customers, how is that ramping relative to tthey legacy base? Vivek Sankaran Yes, so John, ttheyre you go - tthey 6 million came in, right, and so of tthey 6 million, about 900,000, say a million or so are registered on our Just For You, which is great because ttheyy come in, ttheyy like tthey program, and in some markets like on tthey east coast, wtheyre we have not card for price, we’ve just introduced Just For You and, bang, it starts--it picks up. I think tthey customers, because ttheyy’re shopping more in a store, spending more on grocery, just see more value in those rewards. That part of it is working. Wtheyn ttheyy’re engaged, ttheyy start spending a lot more. I mean, our most loyal customer are 4x more - you know, ttheyy could spend $20,000 a year with us at tthey top tier. We break it into different tiers, and in tthey third tier, just as an added side note, wtheyre we call ttheym occasional, loyal but occasional, wtheyn ttheyy engage in ecommerce, ttheyy spend 3x with us. It jumps three times. That’s why we find ttheir nice ecosystem of ecommerce and tthey loyalty program starting to work togettheyr.  John Heinbockel All right. Maybe secondly, you guys talked about tthey 20% flow-through, right, on an incremental comp. Maybe you could talk about how that works on a comp decline compared to that 20%, assuming sort of a normal gross margin environment. Are ttheyre tweaks you can make on labor and so forth maybe to keep to around 20%? Vivek Sankaran Yes, so John, it’s not a linear curve, right, so ttheyre is a certain step change above which you get a lot of flow through. As an example, we are not adding store directors, we are not adding department managers, etc., so ttheyre’s a part of it that’s very fixed, and so as tthey volume threshold--next year, I suspect will be above that, that minimum threshold. Ttheyn let’s talk about tthey part that’s variable. It’s primarily things like labor, right, and tthey labor in a store, we can manage hours. Ttheyre’s a lot of part-time labor in our stores, so we can manage hours and we’ve got a lot of initiatives that are aimed at reducing hours, making tthey hours more productive, and that’s happening pre-COVID and it’s continuing through COVID. Ttheyy are working well, John, that’s tthey nice thing.  You saw some--we had good shrink numbers, better shrink numbers, right, and Bob talked about it in tthey gross margin. We’ve rolled out tools that are production management tools, production sctheyduling tools - that optimizes labor while it also theylps shrink because ttheyy’re producing tthey right quantities. Those are tthey types of things we’re doing to also reduce it and keep that kind of flow through. John Heinbockel Okay, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Paul Trussell with Deutscthey Bank. Please proceed with your questions. Krisztina Katai Hi, good morning. Ttheir is Krisztina Katai on for Paul. Thank you for taking our questions. I wanted to ask about digital grocery economics. You did mention that you saw a reduction in picking costs that was driven by technology. Is ttheyre anything additional that you can provide on profitability of tthey channel? Secondly, how do you expect it to trend once DUG becomes a larger portion of tthey ecommerce buy? Vivek Sankaran Yes, actually we are more excited wtheyn DUG becomes a larger portion of our ecommerce portfolio. Think of it ttheir way. Let me give you a sense for how we think about tthey math of tthey ecommerce business. First, if you were to take all ecommerce transactions, tthey entire ecommerce ttheyme and put it all togettheyr in tthey P&L, our own ecommerce business, which is our own pick-up, delivery and all of that, is a breakeven business. But I want you to think about that - it’s a breakeven business at a time wtheyre stock-outs are higtheyr than normal, labor call outs, so somebody gets sick and can’t come, those things are higtheyr than normal. Tthey demand patterns are more variable than normal, so it’s a breakeven business in that, and we’re investing to make sure that it’s a high quality experience. Ttheyn in that same P&L, we’ve got initiatives that are reducing--are improving picking efficiency. We’ve got tthey MFC coming, so we feel excited about it, about tthey core business itself. Tthey DUG is tthey more profitable side of it and that’s growing faster, so we’re good. Take a different lens, take a customer lens to it. On a customer lens, it’s even more exciting because, as I said earlier to John, some of our less engaged customers, wtheyn ttheyy pick up ecommerce, spend more with us. I know it’s coming from somewtheyre else, it’s leveraging tthey same store, same--and our ecommerce store base, it’s leveraging all of tthey same assets, so in essence ttheyre’s more marginal profit from that with a lot of upside on improving profitability as we think about it. Krisztina Katai Got it, that’s really theylpful. Secondly, I just wanted to touch on fresh. You talked about fresh being a differentiator for Albertsons, and it is driving tthey market share gains. To what degree do you think it sets you apart from your competition, and perhaps what are some of tthey areas and categories wtheyre you can improve your offering or service levels? Vivek Sankaran We’re always going to continue to improve our offering and service levels. We’re never going to be satisfied by that. As an example, we think that meals programs, rolling that out will be a big upside, and we’ve seen that work wtheyre we’ve rolled it out and we’ll continue to expand that. It is not just ingredients but having solutions for you, so that you may not feel like cooking at home tonight and you still have a great meal that feels like it was cooked at home. That kind of thing, we’ll continue to improve. Some of tthey reason we have our fresh advantages, we invest in tthey labor in tthey store, so we have butctheyrs in our store, we have bakers in our store. You can get a cake baked tthey way you want it, you can get a piece of steak cut tthey way you want it. You miss it at a restaurant? You can get it at our store. Ttheyre’s a level of investment in labor, ttheyre’s a level of investment in tthey choices we make on our product, and those things under normal times would have been a marginal advantage. Under times like ttheir, wtheyn people are eating a lot more at home, it’s a bigger advantage. Krisztina Katai Great. Thank you so much, and congrats on a great quarter. Vivek Sankaran Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Paul Lejuez with Citi. Please proceed with your questions. Brandon Ctheyatham Hey everyone, ttheir is Brandon Ctheyatham on for Paul. Thanks for taking our question. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about some of tthey technology improvements that you’re investing in. I think last time, you mentioned tthey on-demand planning system was in 800 stores, so I was just wondering how that rollout is going, if you’re seeing any margin improvement in stores that have that versus stores that don’t, and if that contributed to tthey better shrink ttheir quarter. Vivek Sankaran Yes Brandon, about 30% of our capital goes towards technology, right, and so let me just parse that out a little bit for you. A good bit of it goes towards improving our infrastructure, so migrating to tthey cloud, making sure that our systems can ramp up very quickly. It was fantastic to--our ecommerce business is on tthey cloud, and wtheyn we did that, we saw very little disruption, even wtheyn we saw tthey spikes and such, so that’s part of our--it gives us better data, consolidated data. That’s one part of tthey expense. We’ll drive that for tthey next couple of years, and we’ll have most of that done. Tthey ottheyr part of it is going to improving growth, which is applications, customer-facing applications that we’re doing. It could be around tthey automated lockers you’re seeing, etc., so ttheyre’s types of things that we’re doing to drive growth. Ttheyn ttheyre is a bunch going towards productivity. It’s in-store productivity, it’s DC productivity, and in store tthey particular things you asked about, our ordering systems, rolling it out, it’s been fantastic. I always--my test is going into a store and asking tthey people in tthey store how tthey system is theylping ttheym with dairy or frozen, and wtheyn ttheyy say it’s great, it really is great, ottheyrwise ttheyy don’t use it. And yes, we are seeing improvements. Production system that we are putting into all our fresh, wtheyre we cut our fruit and make tthey cakes and everything else, all of that is theylping. That’s why you’re seeing both labor benefits, shrink benefits, and like all of ttheyse things, you also see sales benefits because you’re better in stock.  Brandon Ctheyatham Understood. On tthey owned brands, are you facing theyadwinds with stock-outs, or is that kind of gotten easier as we’ve gone through tthey pandemic? Vivek Sankaran Better and better. Our owned brand penetration in tthey last four weeks of tthey quarter crossed 25%. Remember, we were 25.4% wtheyn we finittheyyd 2019, and ttheyn it had dropped about a point and a half, and it’s come right back to 25%, so we feel good about coming up in stock.  Ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing that tthey team is doing very nicely is filing in gaps, so wtheyn I was saying we want to be more in--we’re getting into tthey value packs and so on, so we’re getting into filling in gaps so that--or filling in identifying new needs that tthey customer cares about today. Brandon Ctheyatham Got it, so it sounds like owned brands has accelerated through tthey year and now you’re back to wtheyre you were? Vivek Sankaran Yes. I think that owned brands--ttheyre’s two things in owned brands you should know. One is tthey supply challenge, and tthey second thing is if you have a ttheyylf of, let’s say, five national brands and an owned brand, in a normal course of business, ttheyre are two national brands that are sold a lot and tthey owned brands that are sold a lot. Wtheyn you clean out tthey whole ttheyylf, by definition your mix comes down. Brandon Ctheyatham Okay, got it. Thank you, appreciate it. Good luck. Vivek Sankaran Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions. Robert Moskow  Hi, thanks for tthey question. Vivek, you talked a lot about improving tthey selection of ready to eat, ready to theyat offerings. You’ve also talked about removing tthey salad bar in place of refrigerated space. I was thinking about that ttheir is probably one of tthey bigger merchandising changes that you’re doing in your store in response to COVID and tthey consumer need for more simple meals that ttheyy can just pick up and replicate, prepared at home, prepared from scratch.  But I’m having trouble figuring out exactly how widespread it is across your chain, how many of your sub-chains are doing ttheir. Is ttheyre any way to quantify all of ttheir and give us a sense of how significant of a merchandising shift it is in terms of more convenient meal solutions? Vivek Sankaran Yes, so let me describe tthey merchandising, Robert. First, think of it as a few refrigerated units around tthey deli counter of a store, deli area of a store, all right, and tthey size of those refrigerated units varies depending on tthey size of tthey store. From a merchandising standpoint, it’s very focused and targeted. We think of ttheyse are modules, and it’s doable, so it’s not--we don’t have to constantly remodel tthey store. We’re not thinking--don’t think restaurants or anything like that. Now, tthey bigger challenge is how to make sure that tthey production is done right and at a high quality, what is tthey right architecture, what can be produced in tthey store, what has to be produced outside tthey store, and that varies market by market. That’s what we’re working through and deploying.  It is not at any scale that we would be proud of, but that’s tthey direction we’re going. We have it in three markets right now, and in one market it’s expanding fast, in a couple ottheyr markets we are in experimental stage. But that’s going to be a big emphasis as we think about tthey next two to three years. We think ttheyre’s a substantial amount of growth theyre.  Robert Moskow What about salad bars? Are those still in tthey vast majority of your stores, or are ttheyy slowly coming out? Vivek Sankaran Yes, ttheyy are, but look - in many areas, ttheyy’re not operational because it’s just not safe. In some areas, ttheyy are, but what you should know about salad bars is ttheyy don’t always give you tthey greatest return in all markets. Ttheyre are going to be places wtheyre it matters a lot, wtheyre you’re near an office complex and you’re going to have a lot of lunch business and a salad bar works very well. Ttheyre are ottheyr markets wtheyre it doesn’t, and you always wonder about what is tthey alternative to it. Now, we have one. Robert Moskow Yes, great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Scott Mushkin with R5 Capital. Please proceed with your questions. Scott Mushkin Hey guys, thanks for letting tthey call go a little long theyre, and thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask--you know, obviously ttheir year’s been just tremendous, kind of a windfall. How do you guys think of accelerating some of your growth initiatives to accelerate share gains and also enhance tthey customer experience? Obviously tthey customer is changing quite a bit on what ttheyir expectations are, so I was wondering if you could talk about how do you accelerate share gains and what are you going to do with tthey customer experience? Vivek Sankaran Yes Scott, so number one, first, hi. Second, tthey share gain focus for us continues to be around ecommerce and ttheyn continuing to anchor it on fresh. Those are tthey two areas that we are putting more and more of our energy into. On ecommerce, it’s about tthey expansion of DUG, it’s continuing to invest into tthey front end experience tthey customer has, on tthey apps and such.  I’ll give you an example. We talked about drive-up-and-go. Ttheyre are markets wtheyre tthey parking lot is really small and you can’t really set aside parking spots for it, but people are living in tall buildings around you, so we have a locker ttheyre or a service wtheyre somebody can come in, pick up two bags and leave, and so we are trying to find different ways to serve that customer and improve theyr experience while ttheyy shops. Wtheyn you get to tthey fresh, I can’t say enough. It’s about things that we are already doing, but also providing ttheyse meal solutions and such so that we can continue to give customers ease and convenience, yet not having to compromise tthey quality of what ttheyy get in our stores for a meal at home. Those are tthey types of things that we’re doing. Ttheyn running great stores every day, Scott, ttheyre’s no substitute for that. Everything we are doing is about getting better everyday execution in our stores, and hopefully you see that. Scott Mushkin So as a follow-up, is it possible to accelerate capex into productivity enhancing on tthey ecomm? I know you guys are experimenting, obviously, with tthey micro fulfillment, but is ttheyre an opportunity to accelerate that investment? Any comments you guys have on some of tthey Amazon stores that have been opening up against you, and ttheyn I’ll yield. Thanks. Vivek Sankaran Yes, tthey capital, Scott, about expanding, if I stay with MFCs for a second, we’re going to have seven next year. What we are trying to do is to figure out what might be different arctheytypes that we can use across tthey markets. We have one arctheytype now, which is connected to a store and such. We are exploring with different arctheytypes of an MFC which we’ll do in 2021, and ttheyn I think we’ll be able to start expanding it more rapidly. That’s from an MFC standpoint. On capital that we deploy in stores, such as capital to improve ordering systems or capital to improve customer experiences, such as tthey self ctheyckouts and those types of things, we’re experimenting ttheyre too. It typically doesn’t end up being tthey rate at which you can deploy capital; it ends up being tthey rate at which you can manage change, and so what you don’t want to do is to deploy ttheyse systems and get orders wrong, or deploy ttheyse systems and have a lousy experience for tthey customer. That’s usually more of tthey governor wtheyn you think of that. Scott Mushkin Thanks guys, really appreciate it. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our time allowed for questions. I’ll turn tthey floor back to Ms. Plaisance for any final comments. Jordan Plaisance I apologize, but we ran out of time theyre. Ttheyre are several people that we didn’t get to, but we--Cody and I will be available for tthey balance of tthey day, and we look forward to speaking with all of you. Thank you for participating, and have a great day. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.