Albertsons Companies, Inc. (NYSE:ACI) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 26, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Jonathan Plaisance - SVP, IR Vivek Sankaran - CEO Austin McCollam - President and CFO Conference Call Participants John Heinbockel - Guggentheyim Michael Kessler - Morgan Stanley Paul Lejuez - Citi Edward Gary - Wells Fargo Rupesh Parikh - Oppentheyimer Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Michael Montani - Evercore ISI Scott Mushkin - R5 Capital Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Spencer Hanus - Wolfe Research Jonathan Plaisance Good morning, and thank you for joining us for tthey Albertsons Companies' First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. With me today from tthey company are Vivek Sankaran, our CEO; and Austin McCollam, our President and CFO. Today, Vivek will share insight into our first quarter results as well as review our progress against our strategic priorities. Austin will ttheyn provide tthey financial details of our first quarter before handing it back over to Vivek for some closing remarks. After management comments, we will conduct a Q&A session. I would like to remind you that management may make statements during ttheir call that are or could include forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are not limited to theirtorical facts but contain information about future operating or financial performance. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to be materially different from those anticipated. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties include those related to tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in tthey forward-looking statements are and will be contained from time to time in our SEC filings, including on Forms 10-Q, 10-K and 8-K. Any forward-looking statements we make today are only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any such statements as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise. Please keep in mind that included in tthey financial statements and management's prepared remarks are certain non-GAAP measures, and tthey theirtorical financial information includes a reconciliation of net income to adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA. And with that, I will hand tthey call over to Vivek. Vivek Sankaran Thank you, Jonathan. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. In tthey first quarter, our teams continued to deliver strong operating and financial performance across all key metrics. We want to thank all of our associates for ttheyir ongoing service to our customers and communities. We are so proud of ttheyir resilience, agility and passion for excellence in ttheir challenging operating environment. In Q1, ID sales increased 6.8% and we continue to gain market share in Food and MULO. We also maintained our number one or number two position in 68% of tthey 121 MSAs in which we operate. In addition, we delivered year-over-year adjusted EBITDA growth of 9% to $1.42 billion and adjusted EPS of $1 per share. Q1 digital sales increased 28% year-over-year as our digital offerings continue to resonate with customers, and we furttheyr optimized our cost to serve. Also in Q1, we continue to leverage our digital investments. Omnichannel households increased 34% year-over-year, with retention rates over 90% and ttheyy spend 3x more than an in-store-only shopper. At tthey same time, in-store transactions also increased as we continue to invest in new merchandising initiatives and our Just for U Loyalty offerings. Just for U Loyalty members increased 16% to 31 million, with actively engaged members reaching an all-time high and spending 4x more than a non-actively engaged member. Like omnichannel households, retention remained at over 90%. Ttheyse growth trends affirm our belief that engaged and connected digital and in-store experiences will result in long-lasting customer relationships and industry-leading growth, tthey underpinnings of tthey next phase of our transformation strategy. Customers for Life, which we introduced last quarter is based on placing tthey customer at tthey center of everything we do. We want our customers to interact with us daily, not only to shop, but to consume relevant content about food, plan meals or find information to inspire ttheyir well-being. Wtheyn we laid out our fiscal 2022 priorities in our last earnings call, we shared that we are investing in four strategic priorities that I will update you on now. First, we are deepening our digital connection and engagement with our customers, which supported our 28% digital growth in tthey quarter. Ttheir growth was driven by an expansion of our services and innovation. For example, we were operating 2,075 DUG stores, Drive Up & Go stores at tthey end of Q1. Our focus on speed is paying off. For example, our express delivery two-hours or less is now available to 74% of our households and penetration of ttheir option has increased fivefold versus prior year. During Q1, we launctheyd new merchandising features in our unified mobile app, providing an increasingly personalized and curated digital experience. Since tthey launch, we've seen significant growth in tthey number of new users and improvements in our iOS and Android App Store ratings. We also saw increased digital engagement driven by our meal planning tool launctheyd last quarter. Tthey meal planning capability inspires our customers to engage in our app more frequently as ttheyy plan, shop and prepare tthey recipes we offer, which can be filtered by dietary preferences such as carb-conscious, vegetarian and pescatarian. In Q1, we had over 1.2 million unique visitors explore our meal planning tool, and over 40% of ttheym used to add to shopping list functionality in tthey app to create ttheyir shopping list. We also continue to invest in tthey Albertsons Media Collective using industry-leading technologies to build a platform that is easy-to-use, transparent, modern and measurable. We transitioned in-house. And while we are in tthey very early stages of onboarding clients and agency partners we are pleased with tthey growth in tthey business. Second, we are differentiating our store experience but a deepening engagement through tthey use of technology to automate task management thus creating more time for our team members to assist our customers despite a difficult staffing environment. We're also simplifying tthey end-to-end shopping journey by improving localized assortments and adjacencies of complementary products, installing more ctheyckouts and adding grab-and-go sections to ensure a convenient and easy experience. In support of our omnichannel growth, we are evolving store operations, building out staging areas for Drive Up & Go, adding way rooms for easier picking and installing additional MFCs. Third, we are enhancing what we offer by expanding our own brand products and elevating our distinctiveness in Fresh. We are actively leveraging tthey strength of our Own Brands assortment and our ability to manage Fresh hyper locally to give customers great choices in tthey inflationary environment we are in. In Own Brands, our sales penetration reactheyd an all-time high at 25.8% and Own Brands sales outpaced national brands in several categories. In tthey quarter, we launctheyd 59 new items, including new keto options, and we expect to launch a total of approximately 425 new products ttheir year. While much of tthey growth in Own Brands is related to increases in underpenetrated markets and product innovation, tthey breadth of our Own Brand's portfolio from opening to premium price points also provides great value to customers who are trying to stretch ttheyir budgets. In Fresh, our in-store processing capabilities allow us to tailor tthey selection, tthey cuts and package sizes to fit local demographics and economic circumstances. We are giving customers choices with opening price points and large value packs. Our innovation to is gaining traction. For example, we now have rolled out our ready meals, our ready-to-eat, ready-to-theyat and ready-to-cook meals to approximately 600 stores and expect to be in more than 1,100 stores by our fiscal year-end. Both we are modernizing our capabilities in part through an improved supply chain, enhanced data and data analytics and ongoing productivity, all built on tthey foundation of being locally great and nationally strong. In supply chain, we are currently increasing automation in two of our largest distribution centers and expect to continue to roll out similar automation across our network over tthey next several years. We've also begun tthey progressive rollout of a new enterprise-wide warehouse management system that is expected to be fully implemented network-wide by fiscal 2025. Both ttheyse initiatives are expected to materially improve our ability to differentiate our fresh quality to improve in-stock conditions, lower our cost to serve and improve our end-to-end supply chain data analytics capabilities. In our stores, we are rolling out AI-based and machine learning technologies to improve tthey customer experience in self-ctheyckout, enhanced freshness and product availability in produce and reduce shrink. In addition, we have continued to modernize our technology through cloud migration and tthey upgrade of our edge computing platform. And finally, we are furttheyr embedding ESG throughout our operations. We launctheyd our new ESG framework in April. Recipe for change is focused on maximizing tthey company's positive impact across four pillars; planet, people, product and community. We have a long theirtory of driving sustainability within our operations and are committed to leveraging our resources and expertise to support tthey communities we serve and tthey planet we share. Also in April, we began utilizing electric terminal tractors in our distribution centers. In place of diesel-powered options, and we have plans to expand our fleet later ttheir year. We continued to support hunger relief in tthey communities we serve through food bank donations, and a $7.7 billion fundraiser supporting our Nourishing Neighbors Initiative. Ttheyse funds will provide over 30 million meals to people in need. I will now turn tthey call over to Austin to cover tthey details of our first quarter and our updated 2022 outlook. Austin McCollam Thank you, Vivek, and good morning, everyone. It is great to be theyre with you today. Our first quarter results were strong across all key metrics. Identical sales were up 6.8% with momentum continuing into Q2. Market share gains in both dollars and units togettheyr with inflation drove tthey better-than-expected results. Our Q1 '22 gross margin rate was 28.1%, excluding fuel and LIFO expense, tthey gross margin rate was lower than Q1 '21 by 27 basis points. Ttheir decrease was driven by fewer COVID-19 vaccine versus Q1 last year. And consistent with our expectations for tthey quarter, excluding fuel, LIFO and fewer COVID vaccines, our gross margin rate was slightly atheyad of tthey first quarter last year due to ongoing productivity improvements, offsetting higtheyr product and supply chain costs. Our selling and administrative expense rate was 25.2% ttheir quarter. Excluding fuel, tthey SG&A rate decreased 15 basis points compared to last year. Ttheir decrease was primarily driven by lower COVID related expenses and tthey benefit of productivity initiatives. Ttheyse decreases were partially offset by investments related to tthey acceleration of our digital and omnichannel capabilities, market-driven wage rate increases and higtheyr depreciation. Interest expense in Q1 '22 decreased $14 million to $139 million. Ttheir reduction was primarily driven by a lower outstanding debt balance. Q1 '22 adjusted EBITDA was $1.42 billion compared to $1.31 billion last year. Ttheir $110 million increase was primarily driven by tthey flow-through from our 6.8% ID sales increase and benefits from our productivity initiatives. Q1 adjusted EPS was at $1 per fully diluted share compared to $0.89 in Q1 '21. I'll now discuss Q1 '22 cash flow and capital allocation. We ended Q1 '22 with $3.2 billion in cash, which provides us with significant liquidity to invest in growth and return cash to our shareholders. Capital expenditures in Q1 were approximately $614 million with tthey majority of our investments being made in tthey modernization of our store fleet and ongoing investments in our digital and omnichannel transformation. We also returned $63 million to our shareholders through common stock dividends. Net debt leverage at tthey end of tthey first quarter was 1.0x compared to 1.5x in Q1 '21. Turning to labor relations. We have continued to reach settlements that are providing an overall wage and benefit package that rewards our team members for ttheyir significant contribution and strengttheyn our competitive positioning in tthey markets we serve. During Q1, as previously shared, we settled retail contracts in both Norttheyrn and Souttheyrn California, Seattle, Las Vegas and Shaw's. And earlier ttheir month, we reactheyd a tentative settlement on tthey retail contract with Jewel. I'd now like to discuss our financial outlook. As we look forward to Q2 and tthey rollout of our Customer for Life strategy, we do so with continued momentum as evidenced by our Q2 to date mid-single-digit ID sales increases. We are gaining market share and continue to see signs of a theyalthy grocery consumer who is engaging broadly while we and tthey industry are seeing a bit of trade down, with in and out of some Fresh categories as consumers stretch ttheyir budgets. Our share gains in Fresh continue. With that as our backdrop, we have raised our fiscal '22 outlook, assuming tthey following; we now expect fiscal '22 ID sales to increase 3% to 4%, up 100 basis points versus previous guidance of 2% to 3%, driven by continued inflation and market share gains. In tthey second quarter, we expect ID sales to be above tthey full year range and in tthey back half, below due to cycling theyightened inflation in tthey back half of fiscal '21. We are also increasing adjusted EBITDA by $100 million to tthey range of $4.25 billion to $4.35 billion, versus previous guidance of $4.15 billion to $4.25 billion. Our gross margin rate, excluding fuel and LIFO we are expecting core business gross margin rate expansion driven by productivity tailwind. Offsetting ttheir, however, is a continued expectation of a 65% decline in COVID vaccinations and related margins, tthey impact of which will be greater than tthey core business margin rate expansion. Ttheyrefore, factoring in both drivers we are expecting tthey gross margin rate, excluding fuel and LIFO to be down slightly in fiscal '22. In selling and administrative expense, we will continue to incrementally invest in our digital transformation, tthey Albertsons Media Collective and tthey modernization of our supply chain, which will increase our SG&A rate in fiscal '22, but drive growth and productivity longer term. As an example, productivity tailwinds are currently substantially offsetting a significant increase in hourly wages and benefits for our frontline associates in ttheir year's outlook. That brings us to adjusted EPS which we now expect will be in tthey range of $2.80 to $2.95 per fully diluted share, up $0.10 versus previous guidance of $2.70 to $2.85 per fully diluted share. To support ttheir outlook, we expect capital expenditures to remain in tthey range of $2 billion to $2.1 billion. Additionally, as it relates to productivity, we are on track to deliver against our three-year commitment of $1.5 billion by tthey end of fiscal '22 and are already beginning to roll-out action plans to deliver tthey incremental $750 million between fiscal '23 and fiscal '25 that we shared with you last quarter. And finally, I'd like to provide a brief update on our ongoing review of strategic alternatives. While we have not yet reactheyd tthey conclusion, we are pleased to share that as part of tthey review, our third-party appraiser has completed our five-year compliant real estate appraisal and tthey overall value of our real estate portfolio has increased $2.5 billion to $13.7 billion, representing a $4 per fully diluted share increase in asset value on a pretax basis versus tthey 2019 appraisal at $11.2 billion. I will now turn tthey call back over to Vivek for closing remarks. Vivek Sankaran Thank you, Austin. We are pleased with our first quarter results and tthey momentum we are seeing today. As we look atheyad to tthey balance of tthey year, we are thoughtful about tthey macro environment and tthey possible implications it could have on consumer behavior. Our top-tier performance over tthey last several quarters, even with periods of high inflation, has demonstrated, we are a stronger company today than we were pre-pandemic and tthey initiatives that have driven our strong results give us confidence in our future. First, our Customers for Life strategy is working. We are adapting quickly and we are executing well. We are adding customers and engaging customers more frequently through our loyalty program and our e-commerce offering. Customers spend more with us and stay longer with us because we're able to tailor assortment and promotional offers for ttheym. We are giving customers great value choices by adapting our Fresh offerings literally every week in every market and through our strong own brands portfolio. Our stores are operating more effectively and efficiently as our supply improves and our new technologies take hold, and we are proactively managing our costs. Given recently settled collective bargaining agreements, we have visibility into our labor costs into tthey future. And our productivity programs, both old and new continue to allow for investments and provide tthey installation for our earnings commitments in tthey event tthey macro situation becomes more challenging. We believe ttheir puts us in a strong position to continue to gain market share and sustain our track record of sales and earnings growth. I would like to again thank our 290,000 associates for ttheyir loyalty and dedication to our customers and communities. Ttheyy are tthey ones who make all of ttheir possible. We will now take your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us for tthey Albertsons Company's first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from John Heinbockel of Guggentheyim. Please go atheyad. John Heinbockel Hi, guys. I want to start with how you think about tthey market share opportunity from food away from home right in an environment wtheyre menu prices continue to go up? I don't if you can size that opportunity in your mind, how much of that will be driven by ready meals, right, versus ingredients and how do you kind of go out and maybe market differently in ttheir environment to educate consumers about your offering? Vivek Sankaran Hi John, good morning. John, theyre's how I'd characterize what we're seeing in tthey market. I think I would argue that consumers are still eating a lot at home, right? And possibly because ttheyy're working at home, possibly because of some of tthey things you pointed out about inflation outside. In restaurants, sometimes it's hard to get into restaurants. And tthey way I see that is because of tthey portfolio. Our ready meals is doing so well, we just launctheyd a sandwich program. And tthey sandwich program that so made sandwictheys, ttheyy're doing so well. And our convenient salads in our stores are doing so well. So we think ttheyre's one of two ptheynomenons happening. One is people working at home and picking up things to have lunch at all to convenient things so that ttheyy can have a quick lunch at all. And we also see tthey types of things that you would buy if you were cooking at home. All tthey meat programs that we have, oils, tthey things that you would use to cook at home. So we still see that trend going. And I think everything we're doing on tthey app to enable meals, to provide more meals is also working for us. You just - if you go to our app, we just launctheyd a meal capability wtheyre you can pick your meal and it populates tthey items that you want, and we're seeing a lot of traction and things like that, John. John Heinbockel Okay, great. And ttheyn maybe second, totally different topic. Maybe share your philosophy or what you can share tthey Board's philosophy with regard to real estate ownership, right? You mentioned tthey $13.7 billion. A lot of big-box retailers, right, view real estate as a strategic value, right, for control reasons and a lot of ottheyr factors. What's tthey philosophy on your end as to ownership? Austin McCollam Thank you, John. Our philosophy on real estate is exactly tthey way you described it, which is that we believe that tthey real estate we have is a strategic asset for tthey company. Ttheyre has been a theirtory in tthey company of occasionally having a transaction wtheyre ttheyy might do a sale leaseback of a percentage of tthey real estate that we have. That was about three years ago. I believe tthey last time ttheyy did that, and it was relatively small. But despite having tthey real estate appraisal, we are very excited to see how well we've invested in tthey real estate. You saw that we were up about $2.5 billion, which if you put that on an asset value to tthey stock price on a pretax basis is about $4 a share. So it was an impressive increase in tthey valuation. But we do recognize tthey strategic value of tthey real estate, and we'll be very thoughtful about that as we continue to consider all of tthey strategic alternatives that we have in front of us. John Heinbockel Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Simeon Gutman of Morgan Stanley. Michael Kessler Hi guys. Ttheir is Michael Kessler on for Simeon. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask first about inflation and units or consumption, how did both of those trend in tthey quarter, I guess, even sequentially incrementally versus what you were seeing a few months ago? And ttheyn thinking about tthey pass-through of higtheyr costs into retail pricing, how that's going, if ttheyre's any change in how you're viewing that pass-through dynamic and what you're seeing from tthey competition? And ttheyn any sense of inflation outlook for tthey rest of ttheir year and potentially even in tthey next year as we're starting to theyar a little more speculation about maybe some commodity deflation coming in? Vivek Sankaran Simeon, first, let me - if you don't mind, let me just give you a little bit about tthey consumer backdrop that we're seeing because that's important for me to characterize what we're ttheyn seeing with inflation. I don't want to generalize, but I'd say ttheyre's two things that we're seeing. One is tthey consumer is clearly trading down. And so you can think of in rice, beans, oils, buying bouquets instead of arrangements and so on. And so we're seeing that on one hand. But tthey good news is ttheyy're trading down into a lot of our Own Brands on that front. Tthey second thing I'd point out is that we have consumers uncharacterized tthey consumers again, not every segment, but ttheyre are consumers who have cash but are very value conscious, okay? And so tthey behavior we see from ttheym is ttheyy're buying more - ttheyy're trading down on daily needs, but ttheyy're also buying a lot of store-made sandwictheys and meals, right? Ttheyy are buying more hamburger, but ttheyy're also buying organic needs. Are ttheyy buying premium beer and ttheyy're buying - and people are buying lower-priced beer, right? And so ttheyy're buying one avocado ttheyy're buying backs of avocado. So we're seeing ttheir behavior wtheyre people are value-conscious but are willing to spend on tthey things that ttheyy care about. So wtheyn we think about - going back to your question, we're seeing tthey kind of inflation that you would expect in tthey marketplace - that you're seeing in tthey marketplace. I think retail CPI was like 10.9% or so for tthey quarter. But - and if you see our numbers, yes, we are seeing some unit decline. But I'll also tell you that our tonnage is better than our units because it's sort of tthey ottheyr bag of avocado is one unit, right? Instead of three avocados that ttheyy have bought in tthey past. So we're seeing some of that. Our expectation on inflation wtheyn we started tthey year was that tthey inflation would moderate quite significantly in tthey back half of our calendar year, right? And we don't think it's going to moderate as quickly, which is why we've raised our forecast a little bit, as you see on tthey top line. But what we're seeing though is that tthey overall behavior of tthey consumer is that ttheyy're engaging on tthey book ends with us and in tthey middle. And we are working that. I mean our assortment allows for that. If somebody wants tthey higtheyr end of tthey product, ttheyy've got it, somebody wants an opening price point, ttheyy've got it around stores and that combination is working well for us in driving units and margins. As you know, tthey margins are pretty strong wtheyre ttheyy start engaging in our own brand portfolio. Does that theylp, Simeon? Michael Kessler It does. Yes. Thanks. Ttheir is Michael, by tthey way, Simeon, they was - they didn't make tthey call, but all good. No problem. But that's theylpful. Thank you. And maybe a follow-up to actually, to John's question, was asking about food away from home. And maybe just a broader one on market share. Ttheyre's tthey component of food away-from-home demand shifting into food at home, and ttheyn ttheyre's a component of people trading down within food at home, maybe to lower price or discount channels. How do you view your positioning I guess, in tthey context of those two dynamics, which maybe to a degree, are playing out? And if you can maybe speak to wtheyre you think tthey market share gains are coming from, and we theyard from one of tthey largest sellers of food in tthey country yesterday that ttheyy also think ttheyy're gaining share. So curious wtheyre you think it's coming from too. Thank you. Vivek Sankaran Yes, Michael, I'd say tthey first thing I'll note is that our market share is positive in Food and MULO in dollars and units. And that - tthey last thing I said is very important to us that we are gaining market share in units. If - wtheyn people are eating more at home, if ttheyy're, in fact, trading out of food away from home or trading into food at home, and ttheyy're eating more at home, tthey Fresh portfolio really, really matters. And so we think we are gaining market share first because people are coming in for a broad Fresh portfolio. People are coming in for tthey bookings of tthey assortment, if that's what ttheyy choose. We've got it. And so we - our observation is that we're gaining market share clearly within tthey world of retail. And it's going to be very locally from all tthey competitors that we track locally, Michael. And I think you know tthey names. Michael Kessler Yes, got it. Okay. Thank you for that. Appreciate it. Good luck. Operator Tthey next question comes from Paul Lejuez of Citi. Paul Lejuez I just want to be clear that on that 6.8% ID sales number, how much of that was passing through higtheyr prices to tthey consumer? And ttheyn just ask my follow-up now. Performance of Own Brands, while tthey increase overall compared to that ID sales number. And you said that ttheyy performed Own Brands outperformed national brands in several categories. Curious wtheyre Own Brands are outperforming versus underperforming and what you think makes up that difference? Thanks. Austin McCollam Do you want to speak to tthey Own Brands? Vivek Sankaran Yes, I'll speak to tthey Own Brands. Paul, yes, on tthey Own Brands, what happens in ttheyse markets is if a national brand is not a strong national brand, people migrate very quickly to tthey Own Brands. So you'll see like categories like oils and shortening and rice and beans and even in some meats and deli meats and so on, we're starting to see people move very quickly to tthey Own Brands. I'll remind you that our Own Brand portfolio is 1,000 basis points better margin than national brands. So even a small movement into Own Brands makes a meaningful difference in our gross margins. I think Own Brand's penetration went up 30 bps, right, ttheir quarter, right? So that's a substantial change and tthey contribution to tthey gross margin. Austin McCollam And ttheyn your question, Paul, on tthey 6.8% ID sales. Clearly, Vivek mentioned that retail CPI was in tthey high 10s for tthey quarter. And we anticipated coming into Q1 that we would start seeing some breakage in units as well as government stimulus has been rolling off. So all of that contributed - market share gains contributed to tthey ID sales as did tthey opportunity for us to continue to grow tthey Own Brand business. We did go up 30 basis points of penetration on Own Brands went up from 25.5% last year up to 25.8% ttheir year, and we expect that to continue going forward. So that is tthey answer on your 6.8%. Of course, inflation theylped drive that number. Some of tthey offsets were some breakage units, and we also saw government stimulus go down. Paul Lejuez Thanks Austin. Thank you for that. Good luck. Operator Tthey next question comes from Edward Gary of Wells Fargo. Edward Gary Hi, good morning, everyone. I wanted to go back to tthey volume question and tthey question around sort of elasticity. It does look like ttheir quarter with double-digit inflation elasticity picked up a bit. Curious as to wtheyttheyr that's what you seeing as well? I know you mentioned sort of tonnage. But ttheyn as we look forward now and we think about decelerating inflation? We - looks like we could be entering a period wtheyre ttheyre's very low comp growth. And I'm curious as to how you think tthey industry acts in that environment from a promotional standpoint and how, if at all, it would change how you act from a promotional standpoint? Vivek Sankaran Yes first Ed, I think tthey inflation is decelerating, but ttheyre's still inflation, right? I think we should remember that and it may not be 10.9%. But remember, we've operated business theirtorically that has been of 1.5%, 2% inflation. And we think as a business, we're so much stronger than pre-pandemic that even at 1.5%, 2% inflation, we're going to have much better comps ttheyn we went into tthey pandemic with, right. So fundamentally, I think ttheyre's more strength in tthey business to do that. But tthey inflation is going to be slightly higtheyr than - tthey old numbers, I think. Tthey second thing, in terms of elasticities, tthey elasticity, if I go back to my theirtory in ttheir industry in CPG and so on, tthey elasticities are so much better than we typically used to see in tthey past ttheyn - but in that sense, ttheyre are elasticities, right. I think - and it's shown up in two ways. One is maybe people buying a little less of something or clearly people trading down. I would expect that if that's tthey behavior, ttheyn people will trade back up or buyback more if tthey inflation starts dropping, right. So if it goes one way - in one direction it will go tthey ottheyr way in tthey ottheyr direction. And so my sense is tthey volume should also start coming up as tthey inflation moderates. And ttheyn I think tthey ottheyr thing I'd point out is that everything we are doing is driving stickiness, right. We are very deliberate about saying wtheyn we get a customer, we want to engage ttheym and keep ttheym, get ttheym to spend more with us. And what's theylping us do that is tthey digital engagement that ttheyy have and tthey e-commerce business that continues to grow. Once we get ttheym, we're able to personalize and keep ttheym. And that's a market share gain that's working for us, share wallet. Edward Gary Okay. And ttheyn I just wanted to pivot and ttheir question maybe is for you, Austin but if we look at sort of SG&A or OpEx dollar growth ttheir quarter was about 5% or so. And I know you're making investments into tthey business. Ttheyre's obviously been some stuff that's happening from a labor standpoint on contract renewals. How do we think about SG&A growth both for sort of like -- ttheir year? And ttheyn even sort of like going forward with things like labor rate inflation that gets invested and embedded into contracts that type of stuff. So just kind of curious as to how we should be viewing tthey growth of that line item going forward. Austin McCollam Yes, so Ed, we do anticipate continuing to invest in several key areas our digital and omnichannel of course. We're also investing in tthey Albertsons Media Collective, which of course, is a longer-term revenue driver for us. But today, we are just beginning tthey investments in tthey Albertsons Media Collective. And ttheyn tthey modernization of our supply chain, which is going to bring us substantial cost savings in tthey future. So those are tthey big areas wtheyre we are investing in SG&A and in tthey outlook that I gave on adjusted EBITDA for tthey year, I gave a little color on SG&A. And those were tthey areas that we said we would invest and we did expect that in tthey back half by tthey end of tthey year that we would have a rate deleverage on SG&A due to those investments. Q1, we leveraged tthey rate, but that was theyavily driven as it laid out in tthey press release by significantly lower COVID-related costs, and those are nothing to do with tthey vaccine. We're talking about tthey cost that we incurred in Q1 of 2021 in our stores. So that would be rate leverage in Q1, and that was Q1 last year with our largest quarter of COVID store-related investment. So I anticipate in tthey balance of tthey year to continue to see us make ttheyse investments. And I expect ttheyse investments, by tthey way, to bring us returns. Now offsetting that, which I also said in tthey prepared remarks earlier, is productivity. We saw tthey higtheyst increases we have seen in frontline labor in our theirtory, quite frankly in 2022. And yet our productivity savings that we are continuing to identify and capture have virtually offset that increase ttheir year, and we expect to continue our productivity programs, which I also mentioned. We just announced last quarter anottheyr $750 million productivity program from 2023 to 2025. So while we are making ttheyse investments, we are also funding tthey investments through productivity and expect to continue to identify increasing productivity and many of tthey investments by ttheyir very nature will create productivity. Edward Gary Great, thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Rupesh Parikh of Oppentheyimer. Rupesh Parikh Good morning, thanks for taking my question. So, I wanted to touch on tthey promotional and competitive backdrop. Are you guys seeing any changes of note right now on tthey competitive side? And ttheyn as tthey year progresses, just given increased consumer sensitivity, do you expect it to become a more promotional environment later ttheir year? Vivek Sankaran Hi, good morning Rupesh, No, we're not seeing a material change in tthey marketplace on that, Rupesh, but I've said ttheir before. And I think we're not going to come out of ttheir going back to tthey old form of promotional intensity. And tthey reason behind that is, I think all of us are one, better at tthey use of technology and we're all much more digitally engaged in our promotions. And so yes, we are promoting, but we're promoting very deliberately in an extremely targeted fashion to - giving people tthey promotions that matter for ttheym. And you will continue to see that, in my opinion, right, as we go forward. Tthey ottheyr thing is, I think you should also know that while supply is better, supply is vastly improved, supply is not wtheyre it used to be, right? And in many categories, we've all got to a steady state of managing it, and that's also going to throttle promotions to quite a bit or quite an extent over at least tthey next six to eight months. Rupesh Parikh Great, and ttheyn maybe one follow-up question. Just on tthey e-commerce front one of your competitors called out changing consumer behavior, I think towards more pickup. Are you guys seeing tthey same thing on tthey e-commerce side, shifts in consumer purchasing behavior online versus in-store? Vivek Sankaran Rupesh, did you say pickup? Rupesh Parikh Pickup more pickup versus delivery? Vivek Sankaran Yes, I'll tell you two things that we've always believed in that pickup matters and speed matters in delivery. And so tthey two things that are working for us is, one, we've got more pickup in our stores [2075] stores at tthey end of Q1. But we've also expanded two-hour delivery and same-day delivery. And we're getting tremendous traction with two-hour delivery with our customers. And so - and tthey nice thing about that is we're leveraging our stores to do that. Sometimes it's just putting a wareroom in a store to do that, which is a very low CapEx. I mean it's more ttheyylving in tthey back of tthey store for tthey fast-moving items. And that - those two things are working for us. Rupesh Parikh Great, thank you I'll pass it on. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Ken Goldman Hi, thank you. Austin, do you have an update on how to think about which of your multi-employer pension plans might be backstopped by tthey government. I think tthey U.S. recently put out some papers on tthey subject, but I might need some kind of advanced degree to fully understand ttheym. I'm just curious if you have any additional thoughts at ttheir time? Austin McCollam Yes, so we do have an update. First of all, what you're speaking to Ken, and thank you for bringing it to everybody's attention is tthey American Rescue Plan Act, it's called ARPA and it was during COVID, it was put out ttheyre to provide special assistance to keep ttheyse multi-employer pension plan solvent. So we participate in about 90% of those plans. Now keep in mind that we do not have liability for ttheyse plans. And that is tthey most important thing to take away from ttheir. But for those plans that we participate in tthey 10-K, we disclosed that we had about $4.9 billion, ttheyre was $4.9 billion of liability in those plans. And after tax, it was about $3.7 billion. And as we look at ttheir, we have already started to receive we've applied and received funding for that. And we anticipate that of that liability, about half of it would be covered by ARPA up to about half of it would be covered by ARPA. So yes, it is out ttheyre. It got settled. It's acting and moving forward. And again, we have 16 plants, which is 90% of our underfunding that is in that category. Ken Goldman That's very theylpful. And ttheyn Vivek, more of a broader question. You said in your opening comments, and I think you said ttheir consistently, but you said that Albertsons faces a challenging operating environment. And I do appreciate that by nature right, tthey industry you are in, is perpetually challenging. But I guess I'm not quite sure why today should be considered particularly tough, right? You have rational competition? You have actions that are taking share, you're offsetting high labor inflation with productivity, you've low elasticity I guess one of tthey questions I get sometimes is? Why aren't ttheyse considered tthey good old days, all things considered. It wasn't that long ago that supermarkets were losing a lot more share to mass. We had a theirtorically high level of deflation so sorry to be overly worried. But I'm just curious what's challenging today relative to prior years in your mind? Vivek Sankaran Ken good morning. I think tthey - theyre's how I'd characterize it. You're right. I think our sector and we, in particular, we are doing really well relative to wtheyre we were pre-pandemic. Tthey pandemic and tthey initiatives that we have in place have accelerated so many different things we're doing. We're gaining customers, we're keeping ttheym. Our portfolio is working with better and execution. We're driving stickiness. I have yes, scores I mean, we just - our pharmacy, NPS scores last year, 54 now 81.5. And guess what, we're adding scripts every day in our pharmacy. So ttheyre's, a lot of things going well. What's challenging? Tthey challenging part is tthey uncertainty. And tthey way we have to deal with that uncertainty is by being incredibly local and incredibly nimble. And I'm so proud of our teams for doing that, right and that's one challenging piece. Tthey second challenging piece is Ken we all thought COVID is going away. It's not yet. So we still have tthey timing around. It causes disruptions. It's causing disruptions and - it's not like it was before, but we still have those uncertainties to manage. That's tthey part that I characterize as challenging. And we don't know wtheyre - I mean ttheir inflation - so far, I think because of our portfolio. And tthey way we're executing, we are managing through ttheir inflation very well. And I think we all have in tthey back of our minds what tthey - how tthey consumer might behave if ttheir thing keeps going, right. So those are tthey types of things we're navigating. It's more tthey uncertainty than anything else. Ken Goldman Great, thanks so much Vivek. Vivek Sankaran Thank you, Ken Operator Tthey next question comes from Michael Montani of Evercore ISI. Michael Montani Hi, good morning, thanks for taking tthey question. I wanted to ask, if I could first off, in terms of tthey ID sales. Could you just clarify was tthey actual number of transactions up or down in tthey quarter? Austin McCollam Yes, in order to drive that ID trends, we don't quantify, but transactions were absolutely up. Michael Montani Okay got it. Austin McCollam And wtheyn, we talked about tthey fact that we are seeing a return Michael of in-store traffic. Vivek Sankaran Yes, adding households and adding transactions. Michael Montani Understood. And ttheyn if I could just follow-up on tthey guidance for a moment. So for tthey next three quarters, it looks like it's implied about a $200 million decrease in EBITDA year-over-year versus tthey $100 million increase year-over-year in 1Q. And understand ttheyre's, cross currents going on, obviously, lower ID sales as well? But just theylp us to walk through that in terms of tthey productivity agenda sounds good, but ttheyn also you've got basically less incremental volume forecast. So is it consistent promotionality that you're assuming through tthey year and just kind of why is that tthey right outlook? Austin McCollam Yes, keep in mind, Michael that COVID vaccination, 65% reduction in COVID vaccinations in 2022 versus 2021, and recall that ttheyre was a big increase that occurred Q2 will be our smallest quarter wtheyre - in 2021, but ttheyn Q3 and Q4 started to re-escalate, and that is hitting us very hard in Q3 and Q4. Michael Montani Okay, thank you for that. Operator Tthey next question comes from Scott Mushkin of R5 Capital. Scott Mushkin Hi guys, thanks for taking for taking my question. So I guess I wanted to look at - wtheyn I think about what tthey pushback in owning Albertsons right really from tthey IPO pensions, which we covered already. And I think that's obviously a big plus. Tthey ownership overhang which I think you guys addressed a little bit. And ttheyn tthey third and was a major one was pricing. Everyone - and ttheir hasn't come up really that much on tthey call. But it does seem that you guys continue to invest part of your savings and narrowing tthey pricing gap? At tthey same time, and I don't know how long it's going to last, certain competitors clearly have enormous pressures on ttheyir business, wtheyttheyr it be an omnichannel build-out or general merchandise problem. So how should we look at ttheir pricing gap as you go forward? Do you think it's something you can continue to narrow and kind of take that off tthey table as a concern or is that something you think is going to widen out again wtheyn tthey competitive environment changes? Vivek Sankaran Good morning Scott. Scott Mushkin Good morning. Vivek Sankaran To talk about pricing, first, you've got to believe that you're going to have gross margin stability in tthey business. And we've always talked in tthey past about having tailwinds on gross margin and for example, assortment. So more of Own Brands more store-made products that we sell, tthey better tthey gross margin promotions. We're putting a lot more technology into our promotions. It's a lot more personalized. That's a gross margin tailwind. Operations, reducing our shrink right, through technology and production, technology and produce ordering technology as tthey self-ctheyckout. We thought we'd optimize it. Now ttheyre's technology to reduce or shrink in tthey ctheyckout. Cost of goods. We are rolling out a lot more merchandising fine. We're even finding reduced costs in our Own Brands portfolio and tthey supply chain. So tthey first thing is we need to have a lot of confidence in our gross margin. By tthey way, we're also automating our supply chain, DCs so that we need to have. Now that we - but we have it ttheyse - everything I told you are initiatives that are in flight. Some are late, some are early, but we look at tthey ability to deliver tailwinds as we look into tthey future. We combine that with being extremely surgical about wtheyre we invest in price. And tthey metric we're always looking at is, are we gaining market share in dollars and units, food and MULO. And wtheyre we feel that, that is out of kilter, we invest in price. And so that mechanism will continue only because we have all of ttheir I just talked about to continue to do that, Scott. So ttheyre's no - we don't believe in going and making large-scale changes. We just don't think that pays off. And we, by tthey way, we offer a set of things in our store that we think compretheynsively provides value to our customer. And it's that combination that matters. Scott Mushkin And – thanks with that and so as a follow-up, and ttheyn I'll - you guys have been gaining share now, gosh, I guess, a couple of years consistently. If you had to kind of say, answer tthey question, I guess, most investors clearly don't believe it's going to happen because tthey stock doesn't really want to move up and ttheir valuation is real low. Why do you think it's sustainable and why do you think it's happening? Vivek Sankaran Scott, let me understand tthey question. Why is tthey share gain sustainable? Oh Scott, I think ttheyre's, a few things working right for us. One is - it always starts with having a great portfolio. And our portfolio works in many, many different environments, right? So now we're in an inflationary environment. I think that was concerned wtheyttheyr our portfolio will work - actually it works because we can give people those bookends, right. Those who choose to stay with organic beef and buy hamburger. You got it. You got it in our store. Tthey second thing we do, I have to emphasize that while I'm giving you general statements, tthey magic is local. You cannot win in ttheir market if you're not working it on a store-by-store basis, locality-by-locality basis and optimizing to it. And that's our theyritage, and tthey teams are doing that. Tthey third thing is driving stickiness. We did that extremely seriously, which is why we want people to engage more digitally because we can drive more stickiness, wtheyttheyr it's a loyalty program or an e-commerce program. And tthey fourth thing is ttheir is underrated, but it's just great everyday execution, right? Tthey NBS call in Rx, I gave you is just good old everyday execution, just getting better, so tthey customer says, theyy, I'd rattheyr come theyre from my scripts than somewtheyre else. And all of those, we still think we have plenty of theyadroom in everything I just said. Austin McCollam And I would just add to that, tthey ottheyr thing to keep in mind is at tthey end of Q4, we gave you a metric on our Just for U Loyalty members that we had gone up 45% to 30 million Just For U Loyalty members. And ttheyn coming into Q1, we just increased anottheyr 1 million to 31 million Just for U Loyalty members. And if you go back and reflect on tthey that prepared remarks, what you'll see is that as ttheyse Just for U Loyalty members mature. As an example, wtheyn ttheyy become omnichannel, over time, ttheyy come to be spending 3x more than tthey in-store-only shoppers, are actively engaged wtheyn ttheyy become actively engaged with us, ttheyy become 4x more than an average shopper spenders in our stores. And nobody doing Just for U and becomes eittheyr one of those immediately. It takes time and it grows over an extended period of time. So as we continue to gain ttheyse members, and ttheyn we have tthey pandemic significant increase in those members. And what we have been most pleased with is tthey retention of those members. And as we do that, that theylps fuel ongoing share gains because ttheyse customers become more and more valuable, we continue to gain share of wallet from those customers in addition to attracting new customers to tthey brand, and that provides a very significant tailwind to tthey issues that you've mentioned about continuing to gain market share over time. And ttheyse are some of tthey most that we feel like we have been able to build over tthey last couple of years in order to create tthey environment that can make that share gain environment sustainable. Vivek Sankaran I'll just close up with ttheir, Scott, that for - to do all of ttheir, you need capacity to invest, and that's wtheyre our productivity program comes in. Our first [1.05] if I can call it, tthey 1.5 billion going great - we talked to you about tthey next trancthey of productivity. It's off to a great start. And so we feel we'll continue to have tthey ability to drive productivity and invest in tthey things that drive growth. Scott Mushkin Fantastic color guys. Really appreciate that. Operator Tthey next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Robert Moskow Hi, thanks for tthey question. Maybe trying to get Vivek into inflation from a different perspective. Do you expect sequential inflation in your next quarter? Like do you expect prices to be sequentially higtheyr? And what's driving it? Are you still seeing vendors come to you asking for more pricing? And if so, are you more - are you less amenable for that given what's happening in tthey commodity markets or not? Vivek Sankaran Yes. So Rob, theyre is how I'd characterize it. Tthey broad answer to you is yes. We'd expect sequential inflation but at more moderated levels than we're seeing. So early in tthey year, we had expected that we lap it and we lap it and inflation will moderate very significantly. We are less sure about that now. So that was to characterize what we're seeing. One, on tthey one hand, you're seeing commodity prices decreasing. But on tthey ottheyr hand, we also expect that things like produce and ottheyrs will come in a little higtheyr because fertilizer costs are up. And those are tthey - that's tthey crop that people have already put in tthey ground. And so wtheyn we harvest that we're going to see some prices. So net-net, we're seeing signals on both sides today, but - and ttheyn some CPGs are coming forward with price increases later in tthey year. Of course, we will continue to challenge all of that because we do our own clean ttheyyets on our - on what something should cost, and we'll continue to challenge that. But net-net answer is we do expect some sequential inflation even if moderated through tthey rest of tthey year. Robert Moskow Okay. Great. A last question. I didn't theyar anything about supply chain disruption being an issue in tthey quarter. Are you still experiencing that? Or does that tamp down a lot? And as a result, are your ttheyylves full? Or are you still not getting everything you need from your vendors? Austin McCollam We are definitely still seeing supply chain disruption, and we still have categories wtheyre we are on allocation. So those issues have moderated. Ttheyy are in no way passed. And from a supply chain operations standpoint, we have been hiring better and we've been more able to find labor. I'm not saying it's solved. It seems to have mitigated. And on tthey transportation side, that continues to be a challenge. But again, moderated but not fixed. So I think all of us as an industry would say we've seen some relief but it is not at ttheir point wtheyre we would call it being significantly better. It is moderating. Vivek Sankaran It doesn't make us proud. Austin McCollam Yes. Vivek Sankaran Good. Jonathan Plaisance We have time for one last question. Operator Thank you. Tthey final question comes from Greg Badishkanian of Wolfe Research. Spencer Hanus Good morning. Ttheir is Spencer Hanus on of Greg. One of your biggest competitors is increasingly passing through price increases on food and consumables to manage tthey markdowns that ttheyy're taking in general merchandise categories. Just curious how you think that's going to impact tthey competitive environment in grocery? And do you think your peers are going to take tthey opportunity to also bring up prices? Vivek Sankaran What's that question again? Austin McCollam Channel merchandise. One of our biggest competitors. Vivek Sankaran Yes. I don't know - I can't speak about what might be happening in somebody else's business. But I can tell you that I think everybody is feeling that tthey Food business is doing well, right? You're seeing that across tthey markets, even if you saw some of tthey earnings calls today, you'll see that tthey Food businesses are doing well. And my sense is that for some of tthey things I talked about earlier, It'll be really hard to, in ttheir environment, to drive down prices and expect massive uptick in supply - in volumes, only because supply is challenged and people are looking for different things. It's not just about going in and buying a packaged good. People are looking for a full portfolio to solve ttheyir challenges and meet ttheyir needs today. Spencer Hanus Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn I totally understand that tthey sort of tthey full rates remain challenged and can constrain promotions for now. But if we start to see fill rates in pick up and ttheyn we see [indiscernible] decelerate furttheyr in tthey second half, and into 2023. Do you think tthey promotions are going to remain as rational as ttheyy've been over tthey last, past 12 to 18 months ttheyre? Vivek Sankaran Yes, it's still as rational. I - again, I go back to - if you go back to tthey past, tthey old behavior in our sector was that we would all run a 10-page ad and blast promotions that didn't give us a return, okay? And that was what diluted gross margins in tthey past. I think ttheyre's plenty of technology and data and digital access and so on today to become much more targeted and get a better return on promotion. So - and so far, I still find it rational. I suspect that - I talked to you about tthey fill rates. Just to put it in perspective, in some of ttheyse categories, - we're at 65% service level and feeling good because it's better than 35%, but 65% still stops, okay? So we are - so I think we've got a long way to go before we get completely comfortable as a sector on supply. Austin McCollam And we've said consistently that with tthey pricing, promotion, data analytics investments that tthey entire industry has been making over tthey last several years. We believe that it is tthey tide that raises all boats. Ttheir isn't a specific Albertsons discussion. We believe that ttheir discussion applied to most of our soptheirticated competitors that through personalized promotion, it is why tthey Media Collectives are doing better. Vivek talked about tthey fact that tthey suppliers and tthey retailers togettheyr have realized that tthey effectiveness of promotion can be so much greater wtheyn you can personalize and you use data analytics to drive it. And so I think that over tthey last couple of years, if you take a look at tthey investments that we've all made in those capabilities ttheyy have changed tthey game. And to just give away margins, I just don't see that behavior coming back into tthey industry in tthey way that we saw it pre-pandemic. Jonathan Plaisance Okay. Thank you very much for participating in today's call. We look forward to speaking with you over tthey balance of tthey day and tthey rest of tthey week. Thank you. Vivek Sankaran Thank you all. Austin McCollam Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.