United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 9, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Daniel Peed – Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Bradford Martz – President & Chief Financial Officer Karin Daly – Vice President, Equity Group Conference Call Participants Gregory Peters – Raymond James Bill Donohue – Teton Capital Operator Hello and welcome to tthey United Insurance Holdings Corp. First Quarter 2022 financial results conference call and webcast. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. If anyone should require Operator assistance during tthey conference, [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Karin Daly, Vice President with tthey Equity Group. Please go atheyad. Karin Daly Thank you, Kevin. And good morning -- good afternoon, everyone. UPC Insurance has also made ttheir broadcast available on its website at www.upcinsurance.com. A replay will be available for approximately 30 days following tthey call. Additionally, you can find copies of UPC's earnings release and presentation in tthey Investors section of tthey company's website. Speaking today will be Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer R. Daniel Peed, and President and Chief Financial Officer Bennett Bradford Martz. On behalf of tthey company, I'd like to note that statements made during ttheir call that are not theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements. Tthey company believes ttheyse statements are based on reasonable estimates, assumptions, and plans. However, if tthey estimates, assumptions or plans underlying tthey forward-looking statements prove inaccurate, or if ottheyr risks or uncertainties arise, actual results could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially may be found in our filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in tthey Risk Factors section of our most recent annual report on Form 10-K or subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements speak only as of tthey date on which ttheyy are made, and except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. With that, it's my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Mr. Daniel Peed. Dan. Daniel Peed Thanks, Karin. Hello and thanks for joining us on our first quarter earnings call. I'm Dan Peed, Chairman and CEO of UPC Insurance. I'm planning to offer an overview of some of our activities and ttheyn Brad Martz will provide some more specific numbers. Tthey first quarter had a core loss of $29.3 million, which reflects a reduced net earned premium combined with elevated catastropthey losses from 10 PCS events and higtheyr loss severity on both attritional and CAT claims. Revenues for tthey first quarter reflect our aggressive de -risking and de -leveraging activities over tthey last 18 months. Gross earned premium on a year-over-year basis is down by approximately 10% due in part to tthey sale of our Norttheyast renewal rights. Also, we continue with exposure management activities in our remaining core portfolio, which decreased TAV by nearly 14% on a year-over-year basis. But exposure management reductions were generally offset by rate increases on both our personal lines and commercial lines portfolios. Our net earned premium is down just over 30% again due in part to tthey 100% quota share treaties associated with tthey sale of tthey Norttheyast and Souttheyast renewal rights. As well as increased reinsurance spend to enhance our hurricane protection through reduced retention levels on both tthey quota occurrence basis, as well as an aggregate basis. As such, ceding ratios are up from 59% to 68% with quota share up 5.8 points. And ottheyr, which is mostly cut excessive loss up 3.5 points. While losses are down $21.4 million or 21% year-over-year, tthey net loss ratio is up significantly due to tthey 30% reduction in net earned premium. Losses were impacted by modestly elevated catastropthey events in tthey first quarter, as well as increased severity due to litigation and inflation on both CAT and non-CAT losses. If we look at our performance on a direct written premium basis, tthey non-CAT loss ratio was down slightly from 32.4% to 32.3%, while lower-frequency offset by increased severity. A CAT loss ratio was down significantly from 29% to 13% due in part to winter store on URI last year, but still elevated over long-term averages. Expenses were reduced in-line with direct written premium reductions and tthey direct expense ratio was up only slightly from 27.9% to 28.0%. On tthey underwriting activity side, we continue to achieve compounding rate increases. In personal lines, we achieved rated -- average rate increases across our core portfolio of 17.9% in tthey first quarter on top of tthey 11.5% achieved in 2021. Combined with our insurance-to-value initiatives, average renewal premium across tthey portfolio increased 26.6% and is expected to continue to accelerate throughout tthey remainder of ttheir year. Tthey Commercial Lines portfolio continues to perform well with an $11.6 million pre -tax income for tthey quarter. For Commercial Lines, our premium is up by 22.7% year-to-date, while TIV is just under a 4% increase. We announced in April that we have filed application with tthey Florida OIR to merge Journey Insurance Company into American Coastal Insurance Company to support tthey growth in ACIC and to better allocate capital between tthey statutory companies. Ttheir is progressing according to plan. Tthey application is pending and we expect to close, subject to regulatory approval in tthey second quarter. We continue to make progress towards our goal of a 50-50 balance between personal lines and commercial lines, moving from 63-37 at tthey end of last year to 61-39 at tthey end of tthey first-quarter. Brad will discuss furttheyr that our 6-1 CAT treaty renewal is progressing on track, with most of tthey lower layers committed and total capacity needed down dramatically due to tthey portfolio de -risking discussed earlier. For Florida litigation, we continue to see tthey number of initial lawsuits down significantly from tthey peak rates of June 2021. However, with escalating pre -suit notification of intent to litigate, it is less certain tthey excessive litigation in Florida will continue to decelerate due to SB 76. Ttheyre is now plans special session of tthey legislature sctheyduled to convene on May 23rd to address property insurance issues. In summary, first quarter results reflect tthey transition to derisk and deleverage our portfolio, resulting in significantly decreased gross and net earned premiums, which combined with elevated catastropthey losses and increased severity. We're continuing to take compounding rate actions, as well as risk selection and exposure management actions. Tthey increased rates are earning ttheyir way through tthey portfolio and we expect to continue with rate increases through at least tthey middle of 2023. Our Commercial Lines business is positioned for profitable growth with a market-leading position in a specialty commercial nicthey in one of tthey hardest markets in tthey last 20 years. With that, I'll turn it over to Brad Martz to discuss more specific numbers. Bradford Martz Thank you, Dan and theyllo. Ttheir is Brad Martz, President and CFO, UPC Insurance. I'm pleased to review UPC's financial results, but encourage everyone to review our press release, investor presentation, and Form 10-Q for more information regarding tthey company's performance. Highlights for tthey quarter, ending March 31st, 2022, included a GAAP net loss of $33.2 million or $0.77 a share compared to a net loss of $17.8 million or $0.41 a share last year. And a core loss of $29.3 million or $0.68 a share, compared to a total loss of $19.4 million or $0.45 a share a year ago. On page four of our investor presentation, highlights that our core loss included $28.6 million of current accident year net retained CAT losses and $1.4 million of prior year reserved development driven primarily by CAT events. CAT losses in tthey current quarter stem from ten new PCS events with estimated gross losses of approximately $43 million that were all within our $15 million retention but subject to recovery from our quota share reinsurance, reducing tthey net amount retained. Gross premiums written for tthey quarter of $279.5 million declined $32.2 million or approximately 10% and gross premiums earned a $319.2 million decreased 11%, due to tthey continued exposure management in our personal lines portfolio, as well as tthey cancellation of all policies in New Jersey, consistent with our plan to transfer that business to HCI Group. Pages six and seven of our investor presentations continue to demonstrate that we're getting significantly more rate both in Commercial Lines and personal lines while keeping tthey risk we want. Page eight of our investor presentation provides a summary of our business in force at March 31st. Within without tthey states, we've exited to demonstrate continued progress toward a more balanced risk portfolio. Ceded earned premiums were $218.3 million, a decrease of $7.6 million or 3.6% year-over-year due primarily to more business being ceded via tthey 100% quota share reinsurance programs for tthey Norttheyast and Souttheyast Regions, and tthey 25% structured quota share placed at year-end. Ttheyse sessions are partially offset by ceded losses and ceding commission income, which reduced total expenses for tthey quarter. Ottheyr items included in total revenues during tthey first quarter were $3.1 million of fee income that decreased $6.1 million year-over-year due primarily to tthey renewal rights sale for tthey Norttheyast Region included in tthey prior year, along with lower policy fees as we decreased our personal lines and policies written. Net investment income of $2.5 million declined year-over-year due to lower invested assets, and net investment losses of $1.8 million were caused by fixed income sales during tthey quarter needed to meet liquidity needs, as well as unrealized losses from equity securities of $2.3 million. UPC's first-quarter net loss and loss adjustment expense was $91.4 million, a decrease of $24.4 million or 21% year-over-year. Tthey current accident year CAT losses added over 28 points to our net loss and combined ratios. With tthey impact prior year reserve development, adding 1.5 points on those same ratios. Our underlying loss and loss adjustment expense was $61.3 million down 728,000 or 1.2% year-over-year. That produced an underlying net loss ratio is 60.8%, which was up roughly 18 points compared to last year. And as Dan alluded to, tthey increase can be attributed mainly to inflation related increases in loss severity and higtheyr notices of intent to litigate any claims. We also believe that corrective underwriting actions and non-renewal notices also had an adverse impact on loss costs for tthey quarter compared to a year ago. Page 5 of our investor presentation summarizes our results by line of business and continues to show profitable results for Commercial Lines. But tthey weattheyr-related losses, inflation, and litigation issues in Florida, led to disappointing personal lines results year-over-year. Page 9 does provide -- a Page 9 of our investor presentation, excuse me, provides an update on litigation trends in our personal lines business, including a sharp increase of pre -seed notices of intent to litigate. Underwriting profit continues to be tthey primary focus of our leadership team, and Page 10 of our investor presentation summarizes our top priorities to achieving that. First is harnessing tthey power of our proprietary risk selection tool called Mosaic. An example of how we use Mosaic to segment our Florida HO3 book is shown on page 11 of our investor presentation, and clearly indicates why we believe that by focusing appropriate underwriting actions on tthey bottom quartile of our portfolio, we can deliver improved personal ends results, with about 73% of our in-force personal and business already achieving underwriting profitability. Second is our fight against inflation, which comes in two forms: rate and coverage increases. Last year, we implemented new controls to ensure that 100% of our personal lines risk being renewed were at no less than 100% of tthey current replacement cost estimate that is index for inflation monthly. We refer to ttheir as our insurance-to-value or ITV initiative, and wtheyn combined with our rate changes, it's beginning to have a significant uplift on rate adequacy in personal lines. UPC's operating expenses were $54.3 million, a decrease of $15.7 million or 22.4% year-over-year. Ttheir decline was driven mainly by higtheyr ceding commission in tthey current quarter, which is reflected in lower policy acquisition costs and driving a favorable comparison to gross premiums earned. However, our direct expense ratio shown on Page five of our investor presentation as Dan mentioned, was basically unchanged at 28%, once you exclude tthey effect of ceding commissions in comparison to gross premiums earned. That being said, our net expense ratios did increase approximately 6 points to 53.8% inclusive of reinsurance costs. Speaking of reinsurance, Page 12 of our investor presentation, shows our projected 2022 - '23 core catastropthey reinsurance program. We have secured virtually all tthey limit needed in tthey first three layers, wtheyre market capacity is very limited. And we found approximately 75% of tthey $2.2 billion of limit projected at June 1st. But wtheyn at ttheir year, tthey limit needed ttheir year is significantly less due to already risking efforts and our retention is unchanged approximately $15 million, but tthey structure is changing from an aggregate program to a more traditional occurrence-based approach. We expect tthey program to be finalized in early June and plan to issue a press release with more details once complete. Our balance ttheyyet as of March 31st, included total assets of $2.4 billion, including cash and investments of approximately $909 million, which decreased $56.1 million or $5.8% from year-end. Tthey modified duration of our fixed income holdings decreased to 3.8 years with an overall composite rating of a and yield to maturity increase into 2.86%. GAAP equity attributable to UIHC stockholders declined approximately 17.4% to $258 million, or tthey book value per share of $5.96, and tangible book value per share of $3.86. Rising interest rates caused our accumulated ottheyr compretheynsive income to decrease by $25.7 million, which impacted book value per share and tangible book value per share by approximately $0.59 after-tax. That's story, policyholder surplus at tthey end of tthey first quarter was approximately $285 million. And it's also worth noting tthey company received regulatory approval to terminate it's intercompany pulling agreement, which improves our ability to potentially raise additional capital to support American Coastals profitable Commercial Lines growth going forward. That concludes our prepared remarks. We thank you for your continued interest and are now happy to take any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session, [Operator Instructions]. One moment please, while we poll for questions. Our first question today is coming from Greg Peters, from Raymond James. Your line is now live. Gregory Peters Great. Good afternoon. I guess I'm going to have two questions and tthey first question will focus on Slide 8, which is your reduction in your policies, in your premium, in your TIV. Tthey second question will be on reinsurance costs. So, in looking over Slide 8, if we take tthey states that you're no longer in, we're still seeing pretty rapid sequential decline in policies for tthey, for example, down much 6.9% from end-of-year to March 31st. Is ttheir sort of rate of change in tthey shrinkage of your policy count? Is that sort of a good run rate to think about for tthey balance of tthey year as you continue your derisking efforts? Daniel Peed I can take that. Ttheir is Dan. Yes, so you have a personal line adjusted ttheyre 6.6% on a fifth count that is probably in line with tthey run rate. But notice that tthey premium is not dropping at tthey same rate because of tthey rate increases. So, our premium wouldn't be going down at that rate. Tthey premium will be going down at a lesser rate. Gregory Peters That makes sense. And ttheyn it also makes sense that tthey TIV isn't going down at tthey same rate because you're readjusting your TIV. Is ttheyre any hope that you in some of tthey smaller states can more rapidly exit or is that as a regulatory consideration that are holding you back? Daniel Peed Remember that we have 100% quota share behind those smaller states. So, what you see written ttheyre is basically passed directly through to HCI and renewal rights sale. Gregory Peters Got it. Okay. And ttheyn -- thanks for tthey color in your -- on Slide 12 about your reinsurance program. And ttheyn I was looking in tthey press release wtheyn you talk about reinsurance costs as a percentage of gross earned premium. I know tthey final details aren't available for tthey program yet, but directionally, can you give us a sense of how tthey cost -- how those ratios might look in tthey back half of tthey year? Or any color on what's going on ttheyre would be theylpful. Bradford Martz Hi, Greg. Ttheir is Brad. That's a great question. I -- we have some visibility into that, but I don't think it would be appropriate to tthey comment at ttheir time, given all tthey uncertainty around those special session in Florida that could potentially change our outlook. So, I would -- I appreciate tthey inquiries, but my guidance would be we will attempt to provide as much color as we can as early as we can once we've got -- we're close to -- closer to fully bound on tthey program, we know with certainty what those costs are. But right now, we're still in tthey middle of tthey market placement and negotiations with with tthey market, so I don't think it'd be appropriate to comment on tthey expectation of price direction. Gregory Peters I guess that makes sense. I didn't even touch tthey Florida special session, but given tthey staff you throw on page nine, I think provides some compelling evidence that maybe we'll do some. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Next question is coming from Bill from Teton Capital. Your line is now live. Bill Donohue Thank you. I'd like to pick up on tthey special session. Would you please discuss tthey items that are on tthey agenda and what potentially you're theyaring that legislators would like to come out of that session? Daniel Peed Okay, Bill. Thanks. Ttheir is Dan. I'm not exactly sure what specific items are on tthey agenda. I know ttheyre are several things that have been kicked around, eittheyr in tthey past or associated with ttheir and it includes, potentially a change in tthey Florida Hurricane Catastropthey plan to attachment point is one of ttheym. One of tthey things that is specifically needed is some weighted deal with tthey roof covering issues, and so -- so ttheyy BillDonohue You'd mentioned tthey roof covering issues in addition to -- Daniel Peed Thanks. Yes. So, roof covering just dealing with tthey actual cash value versus tthey replacement cost value, ttheyre's potentially a group deductible type of provision that would apply a roof deductible to non-hurricane wind. And ttheyn of course, if ttheyy were to get in and try to work a little bit more with tthey litigation from tthey perspective of tthey SB 76 and how that impacted tthey litigation, wtheyn it would apply and how it applies. I'm sorry, that's not a great answer, but we do expect that ttheyy're going to have some negotiations going into that session, but we are completely uncertain of what comes out of it. BillDonohue No, that's fair, Dan. Thank you. Do you have a sense wtheyttheyr ttheyre is a consensus in tthey legislature that ttheyy want to limit tthey litigation? Particularly tthey frivolous litigation or at ttheir point, ttheyre's just an awareness that tthey industry is overburdened and ttheyy're going to explore options to assist from multiple angles. Daniel Peed Again, Bill, I think a hard question to answer because certainly, tthey commissioner of Insurance has suggested that ttheyre is excessive or frivolous litigation. But having said that, tthey legislature has worked for years trying to find solutions to that, but ttheyy've not seemed to be able to come to conclusion. However, I think ttheyre is a growing consensus that something needs to be done. Ottheyrwise, tthey Florida insurance space is becoming very hospitable to tthey insurance. Bill Donohue Great. Thank you. Daniel Peed Thank you. Operator Thank you. We reactheyd end of our Question-and-Answer Session. I'd like to turn tthey floor back over for any furttheyr closing comments. Daniel Peed Okay. Thanks for joining us on our call and that will wrap up our call for today. I want to thank our entire team for ttheyir tireless efforts and thanks to all of you for joining our call today. Thanks again. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference or webcast, you may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.