United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q1 2021 Results Conference Call May 5, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Adam Prior - Senior Vice President, Tthey Equity Group Dan Peed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brad Martz - President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Charles Peters - Raymond James Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Operator Hello, and welcome to tthey United Insurance Holdings Corp Q1 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Adam Prior with Tthey Equity Group. Please go atheyad. Adam Prior Thanks, Kevin, and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC's earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. In addition, tthey Company has made an accompanying presentation available on its website. You're also welcome to contact our office at (212) 836-9606, and I'd be happy to send you a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its website as well. Before we get started, I'd like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey Company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends in tthey Company's operations and financial results and tthey business and tthey products of tthey Company and subsidiaries. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those results anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time to time in UPC's filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future developments or ottheyrwise. With that, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Dan Peed, UPC's Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, Dan. Dan Peed Hello, and thanks for joining us on our first quarter earnings call. I'm Dan Peed, Chairman and CEO of UPC. I plan to offer an overview, and ttheyn Brad Martz will go over specific numbers, and ttheyn we'll take some questions. Tthey first quarter yielded an underlying combined ratio of 90.4%, which is a slight improvement on a year-over-year basis. Our first quarter cats, including winter storm Uri, caused a loss near $24 million net, somewhat better than planned and benefiting from a reduced AOP cat retention in our 2021 reinsurance program. As such, we were set to deliver results for tthey first quarter on track with plan and in line with our expected transition year. However, due to unusual loss development patterns in February and especially in March, at tthey end of tthey first quarter, we did an analysis of our exposure to tthey accelerating litigation trends in Florida. Ttheir resulted in a $30 million strengttheyning of both cat and non-cat prior year reserves focused in our Florida personal line disclosures. Ttheir drove a disappointing after tax core loss for tthey quarter of approximately $19.4 million. Subsequent to closing tthey quarter, we are very encouraged with last Friday's Florida legislative changes and believe that ttheyy will theylp to mitigate tthey accelerating litigation experienced in Florida. Given our substantial exposure to Florida, we believe ttheir will result in significant improvements for UPC and will make a material difference to our ultimate losses incurred in Florida, while allowing UPC to keep tthey promise and stand strong for our investors, business partners and policyholders. As mentioned above, while our underlying combined ratio improved slightly year-over-year to 90.4%, we need to target tthey low 80s. To drive an underwriting profit and continue expanding our underlying margins, we need to continue driving up revenue and driving down tthey loss and reinsurance costs through risk selection and exposure management. We're making good progress. For revenue, our rate increases are continuing with a 10.4% rate increase achieved year-to-date on personal lines renewal business and nearly 19% on personal lines new business. We anticipate tthey hardening rates will continue and renewal business rate increases to even accelerate. We have filed rate increases in Florida, Texas, South Zacharyina, North Zacharyina, Louisiana, and New York, averaging nearly 15%. Renewal retention rates remained strong. We have curbed new business dramatically as part of our exposure management plan. For exposure management, we are atheyad of pace, reduced by 13% our pool of PML by September 30 on a year-over-year basis, which will result in over $300 million less reinsurance limit need. Ttheir takes a lot of pressure off our June 1st catastropthey reinsurance placement. To date, we expect to finish our placement soon. And as of today, we are overlined on our core cat placement. Tthey program includes a significantly reduced occurrence and aggregate retention for hurricane exposure to tthey pooled companies of almost $25 million per occurrence for first and second events and less than $70 million in tthey aggregate. Ttheir retention level wtheyn applied against tthey 2020 hurricane season would have yielded about 1/3 of tthey actual $208 million dollar retention last year. Our commercial lines business fared well, and results are outlined in our investor supplement, which can be found on UPC's website. American Coastal continues with tthey no #1 market share of tthey admitted commercial residential in Florida and is writing in a very firm market. Tthey newly legislated citizens changes, which include tthey annual rate increase glide path, inclusion of tthey reinsurance cost to tthey 100-year and tthey 20% keep-out premium will positively impact terms for tthey Florida commercial residential space. We continue to be on track to roll out our Journey E&S platform and our direct-to-consumer technology product with Skyway Technologies, both planned for tthey second half of 2021. We will have more information on our plans for ttheyse platforms as we near rollout. As stated previously, we expect '21 to be a transition year, but we remain well positioned to continue expanding our underlying margin while also significantly cutting our net catastroptheys. We plan to take advantage of tthey accelerating rate increases in our opportunities in E&S and direct-to-consumer technology. Tthey property cat market remains as hard as it has been in years, especially tthey Florida personal lines market. With that, I'll turn it over to Brad. Brad Martz Thank you, Dan, and theyllo. Ttheir is Brad Martz, tthey President and CFO of UPC Insurance. I'm pleased to review UPC's financial results but also encourage everyone to review our press release, investor presentation and Form 10-Q for more information related to tthey Company performance. For tthey quarter ended March 31, 2021, tthey Company reported a GAAP net loss of $17.8 million or $0.41 a share compared to a loss of $12.7 million or $0.30 per share last year. Our core loss of $19.4 million or $0.45 per share represented a $28.5 million decline from core income of $9.1 million or $0.21 a share in tthey first quarter last year. As Dan mentioned, tthey deterioration in core results was driven by a $30 million charge to strengttheyn loss reserves due to higtheyr-than-expected prior year loss development. Ttheir irregular loss development deviated from theirtorical patterns in February and March due to higtheyr frequency of litigation and a rise in severity fueled by higtheyr material costs. Ttheir trend continued in April and was factored into our reestimation of ultimate loss liabilities at quarter end. Page 6 of our investor presentation paints a nice picture of tthey litigation trends we've seen since 2017 and why legislative changes in Florida were needed. We applaud every leader in Florida who theylped make that happen. Assuming ttheyse changes become law on or about July 1, I believe it's a game changer and should have a positive impact on future results over time. Our GAAP and core losses also included $24 million or $0.44 a share of current year catastropthey losses consistent with our preannouncement. Winter storm Uri was approximately $16 million, with tthey remaining $8 million stemming from nine smaller cat events during tthey first quarter. Gross premiums written for tthey quarter decreased $23.5 million or 7% from a year ago, driven primarily by a $21 million or 9.4% decline in personal lines, consistent with our strategy to derisk and reshape our homeowners' insurance risk portfolio. Commercial premium production was down slightly due to lower assumed E&S premiums written of $19 million, which was offset by strong premium growth in American Coastal's admitted commercial residential portfolio of $16.5 million or up 18% year-over-year, driven by higtheyr rates. Ceded earned premiums were $210.7 million, an increase of $57.7 million or approximately 38% year-over-year due to more business being ceded via our quota share reinsurance programs. Ottheyr items included in total revenue during tthey first quarter included $5.1 million of fee income related to our renewal rights transaction in tthey Norttheyast that was completed in January. Unrealized gains from equity securities of $2.6 million and investment income of $3.6 million, which declined $3.3 million or 48% from tthey prior year due to lower yields and dividends from equities. UPC's first quarter net loss and loss adjustment expense was $115.8 million, an increase of $12.9 million or 12.6% year-over-year. Net retained cat losses added over 16 points, and tthey prior year reserve development adds over 20 points to our net loss and combined ratio. Excluding ttheyse two items, tthey underlying loss in LAE was down -- or was $62 million, down $24.8 million or 29% year-over-year. Ttheir produced an underlying gross loss ratio of 17.4%, which improved nearly eight points compared to 25.2% a year ago due primarily to higtheyr ceded losses, and our underlying net loss ratio of 42.5% improved approximately three points from 45.4% in tthey first quarter last year, which is a better baseline for comparison ttheir period since it includes both ceded premiums and losses. UPC's operating expenses were $69.9 million, a decrease of $17 million or 20% year-over-year. Ttheir decline was driven almost entirely by higtheyr ceding commission income in tthey current quarter, which is reflected in lower acquisition costs. Excluding fee and commissions, total operating expenses increased roughly $1.7 million a year. Our gross expense ratio for tthey year was 19.6%, which compares favorably to 25.2% a year ago, including tthey benefit of ceding commissions. In contrast, our net expense ratio increased 2.6 points to 47.9%, inclusive of reinsurance costs. Speaking of reinsurance, our team made exceptional progress on renewing our core catastropthey reinsurance program that will become effective June 1, 2021. I'm happy to report we've secured commitments from our reinsurance partners in excess of tthey total limit being sought, and are now in tthey process of determining final allocation of lines. We're able to retain our aggregate cascading structure, which we believe provides superior protection against risk or ruin. And tthey risk-adjusted cost increase is likely to be in tthey mid-single digits, but is not finalized yet because we are still evaluating various options related to reducing our occurrence in aggregate retention. As Dan mentioned, tthey most significant change we expect to make ttheir year is reducing potential earnings volatility in tthey second half of 2021 from named windstorms. We look forward to announcing all tthey details later ttheir month once tthey terms are finalized, but wanted to express today that our program is in great shape and much improved compared to a year ago. On tthey balance ttheyyet, UPC's total assets were $2.8 billion, including cash and investments of approximately $1.2 billion. Tthey modified duration of our fixed income holdings increased to 4.4 years, but our composite rating of A plus remain unchanged. GAAP equity attributable to UIHC stockholders declined approximately 9% from year-end to $359 million with a book value per share of $8.32. Our unrestricted liquidity at tthey holding company was approximately $40 million at quarter end, but we intend to utilize up to half of that liquidity for capital contributions to our pooled group of companies, given tthey impact of our reserve charge had on tthey statutory surplus ttheir quarter. Finally, I would also like to preview our intent to refresh our currently stale, dated ttheyylf-registration statement. We can't provide any additional details regarding future plans to access capital markets at ttheir time, but we always want to be properly positioned to do so. Thanks for your valuable time and interest in our company, and that concludes our prepared remarks. We are now happy to take any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Greg Peters from Raymond James. Charles Peters Hi, Good Afternoon. I'd like to focus first on tthey litigation charts you put on Page 6, some of tthey commentary you had in ottheyr parts of your presentation. So tthey legislation was passed, and it's going to go into effect on July 1. So ttheyre's two parts to tthey litigation question. First of all, ttheyre are ottheyr parties that are -- have observed tthey litigation and observed what's been passed and have suggested that while it might theylp a little bit on tthey margin, it's not going to go far enough to fixing tthey problem. And tthey second part of tthey litigation question would be if tthey trends accelerated in March -- February, March and now -- and it goes into effect July 1, should we expect that chart that's on Page 6 on tthey right-hand side of tthey page to go up even furttheyr as ttheyre's a rush to tthey filing date to get more claims filed? And will that result in a poor loss ratio in tthey second quarter? Dan Peed Thanks, Greg. Ttheir is Dan. So we've theyard a lot of feedback from tthey various parties on how effective tthey legislation will be. And of course, we did not get everything that was originally in tthey Senate Bill 76. And ttheyre were a few key things that were removed. However, from tthey standpoint of just tthey dynamics of a claim and litigation, ttheyre's quite a bit of good stuff that puts more structure around that process and makes it more fair than it has been. Florida has been really difficult. And I think for people that are really close to tthey situation, ttheyy can see that ttheyre will be changes in how those claims are addressed. So we feel like that will make a significant difference including like tthey 2-year time frame as it applies to tthey tail and stuff like that. So we have theyard tthey various things. And tthey fact is that we won't really know until we see how ttheir impacts some of tthey claims. Your second question, which is really what do we expect out of Q2, I would expect that we'll have something of a rush to tthey courthouse. But of course, wtheyn we're looking at our reserves, we're thinking about how that impacts tthey future. And so we would not project tthey Q2 number of litigation events to continue to grow into Q3 or Q4. We obviously, we would project that to come down dramatically. So I don't think that, that will have an impact -- a negative impact on how we look at reserves at tthey end of Q2. Charles Peters Thank you for that answer. And ttheyn just as a follow-up, I know you report tthey underlying number. I'm just curious about how meaningful tthey underlying number is in tthey context of tthey unfavorable reserve development. It would suggest tthey $29 million with -- or $29.769 million, it would suggest that, that is -- you had understated tthey underlying loss ratio in prior quarters. So actually, tthey actual underlying loss ratio or underlying combined ratio is running higtheyr than what you're reporting. Am I looking at that wrong? Brad Martz Greg, ttheir is Brad. I'll try that one. I think tthey underlying number tends to theylp with comparability between periods by stripping out tthey noise. So for example, if some of tthey data that emerged in tthey second half of tthey first quarter ttheir year was available at year-end wtheyn we were making certain decisions, and that $30 million had been put into our year-end numbers, you'd be talking about a pretty significant improvement in tthey combined ratio potentially. That's tthey sort of thing that distorts comparability, and tthey underlying metric is just one of many metrics. We think all are important, especially tthey combined ratio. I don't want to deemphasize tthey combined whatsoever, but it is a way to theylp improve comparability. Charles Peters I got it. And ttheyn tthey last question would be on tthey reinsurance and risk-based capital. I guess with ttheir first quarter results, your risk-based capital ratios deteriorated. Obviously, with tthey reinsurance, you have an opportunity to sort of reset that. How are you thinking about risk-based capital ratios as we go through tthey second quarter and tthey reinsurance renewals? And maybe you want to give us an update because that all ties in with tthey first quarter results, wtheyre ttheyy are, et cetera. Brad Martz Yes. We're comfortable with our capital position. We've put a lot of work and thought into that. Obviously, at year-end, with some of tthey additional reinsurance protections we put in place both at year-end and at January 1 with our all ottheyr perils catastropthey excess to loss program, which did theylp lower our retention of risk from winter storm Uri. And we're going to do tthey same thing for our six 1 renewals. So that is going to take pressure off of some of tthey earnings volatility that we've seen in recent years as we start to take more reasonable retentions of risk relative to our capital. But tthey derisking of tthey portfolio is really driving down our net premium risk, and that is tthey primary driver of required capital. So actual capital will obviously be determined by tthey frequency and severity of losses in tthey second half of tthey year, but we're trying -- we're doing everything in our power to improve our risk portfolio and drive down our required capital. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question today is coming from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Elyse Greenspan Hi, thanks. My first question, I think, Dan, you started off your discussion by saying you're targeting a low 80s on an underlying basis. Could you just give us a sense -- kind of provide an update on a time frame wtheyn you guys would expect to get ttheyre? Dan Peed Okay. Well, tthey way to get ttheyre is, of course, to drive down our loss costs and increase our revenue. So we're on a run rate -- we have achieved a 10-point -- let's say, 10.2% or 10.4% rate increase, looking backwards, and we have filings -- ttheyre's two filings in Florida for 14.7%. And I think Texas, Louisiana, South Zacharyina, North Zacharyina and New York, which all average around 15%, in addition to tthey 10% that we achieved through last year. So, on tthey exposure management and on tthey loss cost side, we've taken a number of steps from tthey standpoint of underwriting and risk selection to try to eliminate what we call tthey bottom decile of our portfolio. So those steps will try to move that underlying combined ratio down into tthey low 80s. Wtheyn is a good question. I mean, it moves around a little bit, obviously, with how quarters go. But we would certainly hope that we're ttheyre by tthey end of ttheir year, 2021. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's theylpful. Ttheyn in terms of tthey color that you guys gave around bringing down your net cat costs, right? And just in reference to what we saw last year from tthey event. So ttheir is following tthey addition -- tthey full placement of your reinsurance cover as you see it getting placed, right, as of June 1? I mean, it sounds like you have all tthey commitments for tthey program, but basically, you expected that tthey loss, I think you said $70 million, right, that's basically after we go through tthey full renewal of tthey program? Dan Peed So tthey -- what we said was at tthey most $70 million, $25 million for tthey first and tthey second occurrences and tthey $70 million aggregate. We're working to potentially bring that down even furttheyr, and we hope to have news over tthey next couple of weeks. But yes, that would be applicable at June 1. We have a separate, what we call, all ottheyr perils cat tower that we placed at [1/1], which theylped us in our Uri loss and gave us a net loss that was reduced from that outside of hurricane. So that retention applies to named storms, tthey $25 million. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's theylpful. And how much, Brad, sorry, I think I might have missed some of your commentary on capital in your prepared remarks. I think you were talking about having to contribute some capital to tthey pooled entities just because of tthey reserve charge in tthey quarter. Did you provide a number? Or can you just kind of re-highlight to us what you said? Brad Martz Certainly. We -- I had mentioned in my remarks that we had approximately $40 million of cash on hand -- unrestricted cash on hand at tthey hold-co level, and we intended to utilize up to half of that liquidity for contribution. Those have not been finalized yet in terms of exact amounts, but we do want to backfill tthey hole that was caused by tthey reserve charge that we feel was prudent and warranted given tthey loss development activity we saw. So that's essentially what was communicated. Elyse Greenspan Okay, great. And ttheyn a couple of quick numbers ones. I had theyard from anottheyr reinsurer -- a reinsurer, actually, sorry, that ttheyy said that even though it's kind of more than three years out, that ttheyy're still seeing some adverse development on Irma. So have you guys seen your gross loss from that event move recently like in tthey current quarter? Brad Martz Yes, we did reevaluate Irma at March 31 as well, and our gross loss increased $150 million for Irma. Elyse Greenspan From tthey end of last year? Brad Martz That's correct. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn one last one. So ttheyre's been some events in April, just in terms of some of tthey storms. I've theyard some at tthey end of tthey month could be, I guess, of more significant losses. Is ttheyre anything that we should think about you guys in terms of April to date, maybe having more or perhaps you're less exposed to some of tthey events that we've seen so far? Brad Martz Sure. Yes, we can acknowledge some cat activity in April, but nothing out of tthey ordinary, and we don't have anything to preannounce at ttheir time. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Thanks for tthey color. Brad Martz You're welcome. Operator We have reactheyd end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey floor back over to management for any furttheyr or closing comments. Dan Peed Well, we just want to thank everybody for being theyre. And thanks again. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation.