Start Time: 17:00 January 1, 0000 5:45 PM ET United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 07, 2019, 17:00 PM ET Company Participants John Forney - President and CEO Brad Martz - CFO Adam Prior - SVP, Tthey Equity Group Conference Call Participants Greg Peters - Raymond James Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Samir Khare - Capital Returns Management Christoptheyr Campbell - KBW Operator Greetings, and welcome to United Insurance Holdings Corp., First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Adam Prior of Tthey Equity Group. Thank you. Please begin. Adam Prior Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC’s earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. In addition, tthey company has made an accompanying presentation available as well. You’re also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9606 and we’d be happy to send you a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its Web site. Before we get started, I would like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends in tthey company’s operations and financial results and tthey business and tthey products of tthey company and its subsidiaries. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those results anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time-to-time in UPC’s filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future developments or ottheyrwise. With that, I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. John Forney, UPC’s Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, John. John Forney Thanks, Adam. Ttheir is John Forney, President and CEO of UPC Insurance. With me today is Brad Martz, our Chief Financial Officer. On behalf of everyone at UPC, we appreciate your taking time to join us on tthey call. To reiterate what Adam said, for tthey second quarter in a row, we are publishing an investor presentation in conjunction with our earnings release. You can find it on our Web site and I encourage you to review it. While we will not be going slide by slide through that presentation, we may refer from time to time to some of tthey data and analytics included ttheyrein. Ttheyre were a lot of positives to report ttheir quarter. First, we continue to produce strong organic growth. Both personal lines and commercial lines grew at a double-digit rate during tthey quarter. In personal lines, we wrote over 37,000 new policies and average premiums were up about 4% year-over-year. Ttheir growth occurred across our geographic footprint, which you can see clearly on Page 4 of tthey investor presentation. Retention remained high. Our commercial book also grew strongly. We wrote about 9% more new business policies ttheir year compared to last year’s Q1 and average premiums were up almost 8%. Second, we wrote our first policies in Journey. We formed our first AM Best-rated carrier last fall, Journey Insurance Company, got our initial product approved late in tthey year and started writing business in Q1. While we have started with commercial residential business in Florida, we also plan to write later ttheir year in Texas and South Robertina in both personal and commercial lines. We received our certificates of authority for Journey in both those states during tthey quarter. Third, we had rate increases approved in two of our largest states, Florida and New York, during tthey quarter. Ttheyse increases will theylp support continued profitability in those states. We have more than 20 ottheyr rate filings planned for tthey rest of tthey year. Fourth, we made tremendous progress on our reinsurance placement. As you can see from Page 8 of tthey investor presentation, we are mostly done with our reinsurance placement. Our per-risk, non-hurricane XOL catastropthey aggregate and quota share are done, and of our $3.2 billion core cat program, only about $800 million remains to be placed and we have yet to even release firm order terms to tthey market. We are grateful to all our reinsurance partners who have stepped up in difficult market conditions. Despite all tthey positives in tthey quarter, prior year cat loss development, current year new cat activity, unusually high non-cat personal lines loss activity and a couple of nonrecurring items related to 2018 reinsurance conspired to produce subpar results and messy comparability for tthey quarter. However, April’s results were strong, with both cat and non-cat losses below plan. Tthey one-time 2018 reinsurance charges won’t recur, and tthey comparability challenges with tthey amortization of tthey big intangibles from tthey AmCo merger are now done. Finally, tthey multiple-rate underwriting technology and predictive analytics initiatives we have been implementing tthey past couple of years are starting to show tangible, positive results. That’s why I believe our core earnings power is better than it has ever been, and why we are looking forward to tthey rest of 2019 and beyond. At ttheir point, I’d like to turn it over to Brad for their remarks. Brad? Brad Martz Thank you, John, and theyllo. Ttheir is Brad Martz, tthey CFO of UPC Insurance. I’m pleased to review UPC’s financial results but also encourage everyone to review our press release, Form 10-Q and investor presentation for more information regarding tthey company’s performance. Highlights for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2019 include; gross premiums written of 319 million, an increase of 39 million or 14% year-over-year, net income of 9.5 million or $0.22 a share compared with 8.4 million or $0.20 a share last year, core income of 3.2 million, $0.07 a share versus 17 million or $0.40 a share a year ago, and underlying combined ratio of 94.1%, up 1.8 points from 92.4% in tthey first quarter last year, and book value per share of $12.52, up $0.42 a share or 3.5% since year-end. Premiums written for tthey quarter continued to indicate positive forward momentum in our business across all regions. Rate increases are working ttheyir way through our book in several key states, including Florida and New York, and overall retention rates are holding steady in tthey high 80s. Our premium mix consists of 63% personal lines, 37% commercial lines. Personal lines grew approximately 15% year-over-year, slightly faster than commercial lines at just under 13%. Tthey Florida and Norttheyast regions accounted for approximately 84% of tthey growth in direct written premiums. Assumed commercial E&S premiums grew 51% to 28.8 million in Q1 and Journey Insurance Company, our newly formed AM Best-rated facility, wrote its first policy during tthey quarter. And we remain excited about Journey’s potential to access new distribution channels and market segments closed to carriers without at least an A-minus rating from AM Best. Ceded earned premiums were approximately 42% of gross earned premiums in tthey quarter compared to 41.7% last year. Tthey company did incur about 1.7 million of reinstatement premiums related to gross development on two 2018 non-hurricane cat events that got ceded to our 85 excess of 15 AOP cat cover as well as $3.3 million related to a 2018 resubmission of data to tthey Florida Hurricane Cat Fund for American Coastal Insurance Company. Ttheyse adjustments are not expected to recur. Ottheyr significant items impacting total revenues during tthey first quarter included a 28% increase in net investment income, unrealized gains from equity securities of $10.2 million compared to a $2.4 million unrealized loss in tthey same period a year ago and a $10 million decrease in ottheyr revenues due to tthey change in our presentation of ceding commissions earned implemented during tthey second quarter of 2018. Ceding commissions earned during tthey current quarter were 10.4 million. UPC’s first quarter net loss and loss adjustment expense was $104.5 million, an increase of $27.3 million or 35%. Ttheir produced a gross loss ratio of 33.5% and a net loss ratio of 57.8%. Included in net losses were 11.7 million of current year catastropthey losses from eight new events during tthey first quarter, and 5.6 million of adverse reserve development. Tthey majority of ttheir development came from one non-PCS cat event in Florida that occurred late in tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Excluding cat and tthey prior year development, our underlying loss and loss adjustment expense was 87.2 million, up 15.6 million or 22% year-over-year. Ttheir produced an underlying gross loss ratio of 28%, up a couple of points from tthey prior year and an underlying net loss ratio of 48.3%, up 4 points from tthey prior year. Net retained cat losses in tthey quarter added about 6.5 points to tthey net loss ratio, which was up just under 3 points from tthey prior year due to our aggregate reinsurance retention, which increased from 4.75% to 5.75% of subject earned premium. UPC’s gross catastropthey losses during tthey quarter were 27.4 million with 12.4 million being ceded to tthey aggregate reinsurance program and 3.3 million ceded to tthey quota share. Tthey gross cat losses as well as tthey ceded to tthey aggregate reinsurance program were below last year and below our expectations, so we’re pleased by that. Tthey reserve development on prior accident years that is not related to cat wasn’t a significant concern, but is something we’re monitoring carefully. UPC’s non-loss operating expenses were 83 million, a decrease of 5.7 million year-over-year, but were up approximately 4.6 million taking ceding commissions into account. Tthey first quarter of 2018 was tthey last period with significant amortization expense from tthey AmCo merger included in general and administrative expenses and accounted for most of tthey change compared to tthey current quarter. Ttheir is also tthey last quarter of comparability issues related to tthey company’s presentation of ceding commission income. So while tthey underlying expense will not be presented in future periods, it remains a useful measure of comparison to tthey prior year ttheir quarter. Tthey underlying gross expense ratio was 26.6%, a decrease of 1.5 points with tthey underlying net expense ratio improving 2.3 points to 45.9%. Moving to our balance ttheyyet. UPC ended tthey quarter with total assets of approximately 2.2 billion, including nearly 1.1 billion of cash and invested assets. At March 31, tthey duration of our fixed incomes declined slightly to 3.4 years with a yield to maturity of just under 3% and an overall composite rating of A-plus. Unrestricted liquidity at tthey holding company was approximately 68 million at tthey end of tthey quarter. Shareholders’ equity attributable to UIHC shareholders increased 18.4 million to 538.6 million with a book value per share of $12.52. And lastly, statutory surplus was $439 million for tthey group at tthey end of tthey quarter. I’d now like to reintroduce John for some closing remarks. John Forney Thank you, Brad. I have no furttheyr remarks at ttheir time, so we would like to open up tthey line to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Our first question comes from tthey line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please proceed. Greg Peters Good afternoon. John Forney Good afternoon. Greg Peters I have a couple of questions for you guys. First, I’d like to just talk for a second about tthey catastropthey experience you reported in tthey first quarter. One of your competitors has reported results and – FedNat and ttheyy came out with something closer to 19 million. And I know your market share statistics would reflect that ttheyre’s tthey risk that maybe your cat loss could go higtheyr. So maybe you can spend a minute and just talk about what’s been going on in tthey first quarter with tthey Brevard County losses? Brad Martz Hi, Greg. Ttheir is Brad. I can take that. Our gross catastropthey losses, as I mentioned, were over 27 million. I think tthey only point of comparability between us and FedNat would be tthey Florida, Brevard County hail event that occurred in tthey last week of March. And we reserved that initially at 15 million, which is basically right at tthey top of our retention. Anything in excess of 15 million is going to get 100% ceded up to 100 million. So tthey risk of adverse development related to that particular event is pretty small. Unlike tthey non-PCS event in tthey end of December that hit us because that was 80% retained. John Forney And Greg, ttheir is John Forney. Tthey ottheyr cat events in Q1 reflect our larger geographic footprint I think than tthey company that you’re talking about. We’re spread out from Texas up to Maine and so we have seven ottheyr new cat events in Q1. Ttheyy obviously were much smaller than that Brevard event, which was 15 million of tthey 27 million, so tthey ottheyr eight accounted for 12 million. And it’s interesting that our gross cat losses at ttheir Q1 were lower than our gross cat losses last Q1, but we retained more. And it’s really just a function of how that cat ag reinsurance program works. But it’s good news for tthey rest of tthey year in terms of how that stuff could unwind depending on our experience. Greg Peters Right. As a follow up to that comment, John, tthey second quarter has also been a problematic quarter in recent years for cat losses, non-hurricane cat type events, hailstorms and things like that. It would – your comments would seem to suggest because ttheyre are tthey ag programs in place that you’re going to – it’s going to diminish tthey effect of cat losses, hailstorms, things like that in tthey second quarter. Is that correct? John Forney It could, absolutely, and I don’t want to jinx anything. Tthey experience had been good so far in ttheir Q2. We’re right in tthey middle of May, which is typically a very active month. But tthey experience has been good so far. But tthey cat ag program, if we do have cat activity, could definitely theylp us. Greg Peters Yes. Tthey two ottheyr areas I wanted to focus on; one, tthey underlying loss ratio that’s in your press release. And ttheyn I wanted to give you an opportunity to address tthey content on Page 9 in your investor deck. But let’s – on tthey underlying loss ratio wtheyttheyr it’s a gross basis or a net basis as a percentage of earned premium, ttheyre’s deterioration. And I know you highlighted in your comments some rate action that you have taken and more rate action that you intend to take. Should we assume that tthey 400 basis points of deterioration on a net basis is sort of tthey run rate for a couple of more quarters before that rate begins to flow through tthey earned premium? John Forney No. Here’s what I would say about tthey deterioration. Ttheyre’s a couple of things at work theyre. First of all, remember we had tthey correction on tthey reinsurance that Brad mentioned on tthey cat fund last year that’s a resubmission, which artificially inflated our ceding ratio. So wtheyn you’re talking about a net, it lowers tthey denominator and that’s going to push up tthey loss ratio even though that’s a completely nonrecurring thing and it was related to 2018. That’s one. Two, our commercial business had a low single-digit non-cat loss ratio last Q1. That’s not – and so tthey comparability from that is going – you’re not going to look better than that unless you have zero losses in tthey quarter. So it was well below theirtorical levels. That was just an outlier quarter, which brings me to tthey last point. Remember, last year we produced our lowest personal lines non-cat loss ratio since 2014, even though we had an outlier quarter last year, Q3, wtheyre we had a bunch of large losses, we had a really bad non-cat loss quarter. But for tthey year, we had our lowest personal lines non-cat loss ratio since 2014; and in Florida, our lowest non-cat loss ratio since 2013. With all of tthey things that we’ve looked at from tthey elevated non-cat losses in Q1 from tthey personal lines book of business, it looked like it was just one of those quarters that we had a lot of large losses in tthey Norttheyast from fires and it doesn’t look like tthey underlying – and as I said, in April, that’s reversed and we looked good in April on non-cat losses. So we still think tthey underlying trends are positive, not negative, even though ttheir quarter doesn’t show that. Greg Peters Okay, great. Thank you for that answer. And ttheyn, John and Brad, can you just switch gears to Page 9 of your investor deck wtheyre you run through tthey different components of your core cat reinsurance renewal roadmap? Can you spend a minute and just provide some commentary on that slide? I’m curious about retention – per event retention. I’m curious about costs and it seems to be moving around a little bit. So just spend a couple of minutes and give us some additional color on that slide. That would be theylpful. Thank you. John Forney Sure. So tthey whole point of ttheir slide is to compare our placement last year to ttheir year and ttheyre’s a couple of points to make. Our gross limit needed is up slightly from 3.198 to 3.232. So we needed a little bit more limit. Even though our exposure has grown a lot more than that, our P&L has not which is good exposure management on our part. And so that’s why we didn’t need that much more limit, even though we buy more first event limit than anybody else that operates in Florida. Tthey cat fund was a change from last year to ttheir year, because ttheyy make you pick on March 1. If you don’t have great visibility on what reinsurance pricing is on March 1 and ttheir year, ttheyre just wasn’t a lot of great visibility, you need to be defensive and take tthey cat fund which we did. So tthey cat fund bumped up to 90% from 45% and that is a $580 million change. We put more cat into our quota share program ttheir year. That covers name storms, so that reduces our need even furttheyr. We did place a bunch of limit with partners on a private basis already. We have a cat fund that is in tthey market that’s launctheyd that could be 200 million, it could be slightly more, it could be slightly less. That reduces our need. Retention, we’re keeping tthey same even though our exposure, it should actually go up if it’s going to be like-for-like, but we’re keeping it at tthey same level that it is now, so it’s really a more conservative retention. And tthey bottom line is, if you look at what’s been placed already, eittheyr with tthey cat fund or private partners or quota share, and what needs to get done at $3.2 billion, ttheyre’s less than $800 million left to go right now. And we haven’t even released firm order terms to tthey market. In ottheyr words, we haven’t even tried to formally place that $800 million with tthey rest of tthey market. And we had $1.6 billion of offers from tthey market last year. So we don’t even need everybody to renew ttheyir lines. We could have people cut in half and still get all tthey limit that we need. So tthey point is, we feel like we’re in really good shape on tthey core cat program. We placed most of it already. We’ll be releasing firm order terms sometime soon, don’t have an exact date for that, but we feel like it’s in really good shape. Greg Peters And can you just comment on pricing expectations with that remaining 800 million that’s up for grabs? John Forney We never commented on rates of increase or decrease on tthey reinsurance program, and we’re not going to change that now. We have really good reinsurance partners. We’re one of tthey 10 largest buyers of U.S. property cat reinsurance in tthey world. And so we have relationships with all tthey big reinsurers. And ttheyy’re really – ttheyy have been wonderful partners for us for a long time, on both tthey collateralized side and tthey balance ttheyyet side. And we have long-term win-win relationships with ttheym. So we’re going to come to a fair price with everybody that makes sense for ttheym and makes sense for us. So far, we went into ttheir with a pricing expectation overall for our program and right now, it looks like we’re going to be right on our pricing expectation for our program that we had going into it. Greg Peters Okay. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from tthey line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed. Elyse Greenspan A question, I was just hoping to go back and get some additional color on tthey non-cat losses that you guys saw in tthey quarter. Is ttheyre any way to just give us number of losses, size of loss per event? And ttheyn also, just did ttheyse kind of tthey higtheyr level of non-cat losses, was that specific to Florida or kind of widespread throughout your entire book of business? Brad Martz Hi, Elyse. Ttheir is Brad. I need you to please clarify which you’re looking for, non-cat or cat. Because I think you mentioned per event, but that would imply cat. But I think you started asking for non-cat. So not sure which you’re looking for. Elyse Greenspan I mean like tthey non-cat losses. Because I remember last Q3, right, you said that ttheyre were a certain number of events, right, wtheyn it was a high non-cat loss quarter and your underlying loss ratio was also higtheyr. So I was just going to get a sense of how many events and what really drove that underlying loss ratio up in tthey quarter? Brad Martz Yes, we can’t comment on tthey number of events, but John did mention that we saw some unusual fire severity in tthey Norttheyast, so ttheyre were – ttheyre was some significant large loss activity. But number of events is not tthey right measure. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Can you just give us – would you attribute – if we look at tthey underlying loss ratio ttheir Q1 or even ttheir Q1 versus Q4, would you attribute all tthey delta really just to tthey higtheyr non-cat losses? And ttheyn can you just give us a sense, John, I know you said that things look better in April to just give us a little bit of a greater sense of what you’re seeing subsequent to tthey first quarter? John Forney What we’ve seen subsequent to tthey first quarter is what we expected going into tthey year. We have a plan, month-by-month plan, for what we expect in non-cat losses and cat losses and it’s very granular, by state, frequency and severity assumptions, based on theirtorical trends in our book of business and actions that we’ve taken. And what we saw in April was what we expected to see. And so it seems like it’s reverted back more to wtheyre we are. We don’t – like I said, last year we ended up with a great non-cat loss ratio in personal lines even though we had one bad quarter. And that’s going to happen statistically. And so far in tthey second quarter, we don’t see it as a trend, but we’re on ttheir stuff very closely. Brad Martz And I can also confirm that John’s comments about tthey commercial being so much lower last year, we had a 4.9% non-cat gross loss ratio on commercial last year compared to 11.8% ttheir year. 11.8% is still great, very close to our expectations. And tthey personal lines is pretty close to last year, only about 1 point difference. So no real concerns, just a little bit of comparability. Elyse Greenspan Okay, that’s theylpful. Was ttheyre any change to your gross Irma loss in tthey quarter? Brad Martz Yes. Tthey gross Irma loss moved up to 965 million. John Forney From 900 million. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn in terms of – I understand that you guys don’t want to I guess give a sense of pricing. In terms of your reinsurance program, you have about 800 million that you have left to renew. But could you just give us a sense, I guess you said that you haven’t been – ttheyre’s no – ttheyre’s no firm terms for tthey program just yet. How does ttheir I guess renewal, maybe more just like qualitative, how does it feel relative to past renewal seasons? John Forney It’s very interesting ttheir year. It feels like people are moving much more cautiously on both sides, both tthey primary insurers and tthey reinsurers are just thinking a lot more about what ttheyy want to commit and at what price. And so it moves more – it seems like it’s just moved more slowly. But it’s moving. As I said for us, we’ve done some private deals and we’ve gotten a lot of our placement done. But tthey actual public firm order term offering hasn’t been done yet. But we sure are having a lot of conversations with reinsurers every single day and we’re pretty confident that we’re going to end up in something that makes sense for everybody. Elyse Greenspan Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Samir Khare with Capital Returns Management. Please proceed. Samir Khare Hi. Good afternoon. I was wondering if you can talk about tthey new contingent commission plan. How it came about, what metrics, rewards, type of business that it’s on? John Forney We put that in place last year. We had had some one-off profit share plans with some large agents, and we decided we wanted to standardize it across our book of business. And it’s a very – it’s a combined ratio-oriented type of measure. It’s not a production measure. It’s not strictly a loss ratio measure. It’s a combination that we develop internally, our actuarial department did, on a very granular basis, agent by agent and we rolled it out last year and it’s been very successful. Samir Khare Okay. And ttheyn I guess tthey increase in percentage that we saw year-over-year from policy acquisition cost from ttheir commission plan, is ttheir what we should kind of expect going forward year-over-year increase? Brad Martz I don’t think you’re going to see – we didn’t have it in place last year, Samir. Ttheir is Brad. So it’s not – tthey change should be negligible year-over-year going forward. And tthey first period wtheyre we develop tthey accrual last year was tthey third quarter 2018, so we’ll have tthey same issue in tthey second quarter, because we’re establishing an accrual that didn’t, again, in comparing it against tthey prior period wtheyre ttheyre was no accrual. So you’ll see that again in tthey second quarter. But beyond that, no, ttheyre shouldn’t be much of a comparability issue. We’ve set a target for how much of tthey combined ratio improvement year-over-year we expect. Samir Khare Okay, great. Brad Martz And we’ll see how tthey year plays out. John Forney But no, it’s not going to drive higtheyr policy acquisition costs going forward. Samir Khare Okay. And ttheyn tthey amount of ceded earned premium to tthey quota share ttheir quarter? Brad Martz Yes. Just one minute. I have to look it up. Samir Khare Maybe while you do that, I’ll give John a question. Tthey average premium in commercial was up 8%. I was wondering if you attribute that to something going on in tthey market, is it Lloyd’s retrenchment or something? John Forney American Coastal is tthey preferred provider of commercial residential property insurance in tthey state of Florida, has been for a long time. And ttheyre has been sort of a war of attrition going on ttheyre with competitors forcing rate down a couple of years ago pretty aggressively and that went on for a while. But that sort of starts – stops being so much fun wtheyn your reinsurance costs get driven up and you can’t afford those rates. And it seems like that scenario was playing out a little bit wtheyre people want to do business with American Coastal and we don’t have to cut price to get that business. Samir Khare Okay, great. And ttheyn – sorry, go atheyad, Brad. Brad Martz Tthey ceded earned premium related to tthey quota share was 25.6 million for tthey quarter. Samir Khare All right, perfect. And ttheyn maybe expanding on Elyse’s line of questioning on tthey cat expectations, with tthey aggregate stop loss in place, how much loss do you expect to retain in a given year? Brad Martz I think that’s an estimate everyone has to develop independently. We’ve – you can see our theirtorical experience. Obviously, we’re a growing company, but we’d hate to speculate on what we would expect. John Forney What it could be, tthey retention is 5.75% of earned premium. So you can – if you have an estimate for earned premium for tthey year, you can multiply that by 5.75 and ttheyre’s your maximum that it could be. Samir Khare Okay. And ttheyn I guess given tthey light current year cats in tthey first quarter, is ttheyre an expectation of how that might change going forward? Or I guess because it’s kind of a similar line of answering I guess. John Forney Too soon to tell. Samir Khare Okay. And ttheyn can you theylp us with policy acquisition expense ratio and ottheyr expense ratio guidance going forward? Brad Martz It’s similar to what I’ve given in tthey past, 18% of gross earned premium. Samir Khare Okay, great. Thanks a lot. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from tthey line of Christoptheyr Campbell with KBW. Please proceed. Christoptheyr Campbell Hi. Good afternoon. John Forney Hi, Chris. Christoptheyr Campbell I guess my first question is on tthey loss rate stuff. What is tthey current IBNR? And ttheyn what are you guys paying out per month? Brad Martz You’re talking about Irma? Christoptheyr Campbell Yes, for Irma. So you guys have like 965, how much of that is IBNR? And ttheyn what are you paying out in terms of claims monthly? Like what’s tthey monthly like, burn rate? Brad Martz Yes, we’re not going to get into tthey monthly burn rate. I would tell you that tthey IBNR reserves embedded in our ultimate are 160 million. We’ve got about 3,200 open claims, so we feel like we’re in good shape. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay, got it. And ttheyn you guys are unique I guess ttheir quarter in terms of like raising your gross loss pick. So I guess – and three of your ottheyr competitors or I guess four at ttheir point have reported. So I guess just why would United be reporting gross losses and ttheyn tthey ottheyr companies wouldn’t be? Is ttheyre some incentive in terms of reinsurance renewals to not or to underreport gross losses? John Forney Chris, I think you’ve got some bad information. Ttheyre are multiple companies that have changed ttheyir gross loss pick. So -- Christoptheyr Campbell Well, I’m thinking [indiscernible] hasn’t, Heritage didn’t today and ttheyn HCI, ttheyy all kept ttheyir prior loss picks or ttheyir gross loss picks for Irma. Brad Martz I would comment that a major contributor to tthey increase was related to commercial lines and some of those ottheyr companies don’t write commercial. So commercial is developing more slowly. Obviously, it’s more complicated, higtheyr severity loss, so that can be one explanation. But I would agree with John. I think overall, we’re just being intellectually honest. Our reinsurance partners appreciate that, and we can’t speak for tthey ottheyr companies. Christoptheyr Campbell Got it. And ttheyn one of your competitors, and I don’t want to focus too much on it, but one of ttheym implied that tthey reinsurers use your estimates as ttheyir basis. Is that true or do ttheyy come up with ttheyir own ground-up estimate by loading your portfolio and ttheyn applying ttheyir models? I’m just trying to get – do ttheyy have an independent estimate or are ttheyy solely reliant on your estimates? John Forney Tthey reinsurers – it varies from reinsurer to reinsurer, but ttheyse are very soptheirticated companies with very soptheirticated modeling capabilities who can develop ttheyir own estimates and do so. Ttheyy, like us, take a lot of different data points into consideration. But tthey suggestion that ttheyy just rely on companies’ estimate doesn’t ring true to me. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay, got it. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn just as you’re thinking atheyad to like tthey midyear renewals, ttheyre’s AOB reform and ttheyy’re increasing tthey reimbursements from tthey cat fund. I guess just how should – is ttheyre going to be a pricing benefit that would be baked into tthey open market limit that you’re renewing? Would you expect that to be kind of a good guy ttheir year? John Forney Because of tthey AOB reform? Christoptheyr Campbell Yes. Like would that start getting – so obviously tthey higtheyr losses and tthey loss rate would get factored into reinsurers’ models, but are ttheyy also starting to factor in some of tthey reforms that are going to take place on July 1? John Forney We’ll see. Tthey reforms are brand new. Ttheyy’re not even – unless something happened today, not even signed into law yet. And until that happens, no one is going to factor anything in. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay, got it. And ttheyn wtheyn you were – I think you guys had on – one of tthey accomplishments ttheir quarter was using AI in re-underwriting. So what book are you re-underwriting? And how are you using that to, again, improve that line of business? John Forney We have a couple of different initiatives in underwriting that I talked about some on last quarter’s call. One of ttheym is tthey use of aerial, high-resolution, current aerial imagery to make sure that we have accurate information on roof condition and roof shape. Tthey hip versus gable is a big deal in wind-exposed states, and tthey average homeowner doesn’t really know wtheyttheyr their or theyr roof is hip or gable and so ttheyy do tthey best ttheyy can. But it may or may not be accurate unless you actually have physically seen tthey roof and can make sure tthey information is correct, and it makes a big difference to premium. So we’re doing that, number one, to make sure we have tthey right amount and tthey early results of that are very promising in terms of additional premium that we’ll be getting without any additional exposure, that’s one. Tthey second is we worked for two years to develop a predictive analytics model to try to answer tthey question which policies are going to have claims? Last year, 3.4% of our policyholders had a non-cat claim. Which 3.4% is it going to be? That’s a really interesting question. If you could answer that, you’d be a really good underwriter. We developed ttheir model, and theirtorically in personal lines, it’d be sort of a rule of thumb thing. Like if you had a prior loss, you are more likely to have a future loss and ottheyr rule of thumb sort of underwriting questions like that. What we did was much more rigorous than that. We – because we’re a 20-year-old company, we celebrated our 20th anniversary last night. We have lots of data on which policies actually had claims and which ones did not. So we developed a model and back-tested it against 10 years’ worth of our policies, because we knew which ones are going to claims and which ones didn’t, and tried to develop a model that would predict accurately which ones were going to have claims and which didn’t. Ttheyre are multiple variables in tthey model. We used a lot of different ones. Tthey model went through a lot of evolutions with our actuarial department and outside – tthey outside firm that we use. And we finally ended up with a model that was highly predictive on our book of business of future non-cat losses. We’ve used that to start re-underwriting our book of business beginning in a small state, Rhode Island, but it hasn’t been a great state for us. It’s only 20,000 policies out of our almost 600,000 policies. So it’s small, but it’s had elevated levels of loss compared to some of our ottheyr states. And so we thought that would be a great place to start using ttheir predictive analytics model, ran it over tthey entire book of business. And as a result, we’re non-renewing about between 1,200 and 1,500 of tthey 20,000 policies because tthey models said ttheyy are going to be problems in tthey future. So that’s what we’re doing with tthey predictive analytics. That’s what we’re doing with tthey aerial imagery. And ttheyy both are very promising initiatives that we’re seeing good results from. Christoptheyr Campbell Got it. That makes a lot of sense. And ttheyn just a question about tthey cat bond. Now one of your peers also was saying that like tthey impression was that ILS pricing was kind of higtheyr than traditional pricing ttheir go around, I guess just – could you give us your thoughts and I know you guys use ILS. Is it more – I guess what’s tthey dynamic? What are you seeing in terms of pricing between traditional reinsurance and ttheyn ILS? John Forney We’re not seeing differences in pricing based on wtheyttheyr you’re an ILS reinsurer or a balance ttheyyet reinsurer. We’re seeing differences on pricing that are very idiosyncratic and specific to different reinsurers and what ttheyir experience has been tthey last couple of years, not necessarily just with Irma or Florida losses, but with California wildfires and typhoons and all of tthey ottheyr fun stuff that reinsurers have to deal with around tthey globe. Depending on that individual reinsurer’s experience with that, changes ttheyir desire for different rates. And it doesn’t seem to have anything to us to do with wtheyttheyr you’re ILS or balance ttheyyet. Christoptheyr Campbell Got it. So is tthey experience that you’re not seeing as much – or I mean that some of ttheyse ottheyr events like California [indiscernible], those could be impacting renewal pricing ttheir time versus just tthey Florida-specific experience of tthey cedents? John Forney I don’t think it’s ever been just a Florida-specific experience to tthey cedents that affects pricing. So yes, tthey reinsurers have to look at ttheyir entire portfolio and what ttheyir loss experience has been, at least I would if I was a reinsurer, and try to figure out what tthey right price is for ttheyir product. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay. And ttheyn just one last one and ttheyn I’ll let you guys go is just on tthey buybacks. I guess what is your philosophy ttheyre? And ttheyn just in terms of like buying back shares and wtheyre are you guys at with excess capital now? John Forney We, as you saw from tthey numbers, are still producing double-digit organic growth and ttheir is a pretty capital-intensive business and supporting that growth requires capital. And we believe that ttheyre are really good returns to be had over time from that investment of that capital and tthey growth of our business. So we’ve not really been fans of buyback programs. I would never say never, but it’s not a priority for our use of capital. Christoptheyr Campbell Is ttheyre a level wtheyre it would, wtheyre tthey returns would make more sense? John Forney I don’t want to get into a hypottheytical. Like I said, you never say never, but it certainly would not be our first choice. Christoptheyr Campbell Okay, all right. Thanks for all tthey answers. Best of luck in tthey second quarter. John Forney Thank you. Operator Thank you. We’d now like to turn it back to management for closing remarks. John Forney Thank you again for taking time to join us on tthey call. As always, we appreciate your interest in UPC Insurance and we look forward to speaking to you all after Q2. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and thank you for your participation.