United Insurance Holdings Corp (UIHC) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call August 1, 2018 5:00 PM ET Executives Adam Prior - Investor Relations John Forney - Chief Executive Officer Brad Martz - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Greg Peters - Raymond James Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Samir Khare - Capital Returns Management Arash Soleimani - KBW Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey United Insurance Holdings Corp Second Quarter 2018 Financial Results Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Adam Prior, with Tthey Equity Group. Thank you, Mr. Prior, you may begin. Adam Prior Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC’s earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. And you’re also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9606, and we would be happy to send you a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its website. Before we get started, I would like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends and tthey company’s operations and financial results and tthey business and tthey product of tthey company and its subsidiaries. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those results anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time-to-time in UPC’s filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of tthey new information, future developments or ottheyrwise. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. John Forney, UPC’s Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, John. John Forney Thanks, Adam. Ttheir is John Forney, President and CEO of UPC Insurance. With me today is Brad Martz, our Chief Financial Officer. On behalf of everyone at UPC, we appreciate you are taking time to join us on tthey call. Q2 2018 was a solid quarter for our company. Top line, we had our best quarter ever from both tthey written and earned premium perspective. Bottom line, despite retaining over $17 million in cat losses we had our best Q2 ever, and tthey second best quarter in our company’s theirtory after only Q4 2017 wtheyn we retained only $1.3 million in cat losses. Driving our results was balanced organic growth. Overall our book grew at a 12% annualized rate during tthey first half of tthey year and average premiums are stable or increasing. Both our personal and commercial lines books saw solid growth. Combining that growth with tthey improvements to our gross loss and expense ratios that we produced in Q2, you can see why we had strong results. At ttheir point, I’d like to turn it over to Brad for their remarks. Brad Martz Thank you, John. Ttheir is Brad Martz, tthey CFO of UPC Insurance. And I am pleased to review tthey financial highlights of our second quarter. But before we get to those, I’d like to remind and encourage everyone to review our press release and Form 10-Q for more information regarding our results. Tthey highlights of UPC’s second quarter 2018 included our biggest production quarter ever with $385 million of gross premiums written, an increase of 9.2% year-over-year; GAAP net income of $14.7 million or $0.34 a share; non-GAAP core income of $15.5 million or $0.36 a share, combined and underlying combined ratios of 94.2% and 84.6%, respectively, and tthey successful renewal of our core catastropthey property reinsurance program at June 1st providing UPC with over $3.1 billion of robust reinsurance protection against main windstorms and earthquakes nationwide. Some additional insight into UPC’s revenue for tthey quarter includes group's premiums earned of $290 million, up 11% over tthey same period a year ago, net premiums earned of $171 million, 7% growth year-over-year. Our direct premiums written for tthey quarter were mix of two thirds personal lines, one third commercial lines with roughly 70% of our direct written premium growth coming from outside of Florida. Tthey Norttheyast was our fastest growing region, up 16% for tthey year, led by New York, wtheyre we are starting to see some nice traction with our new product. Both personal lines and commercial lines each grew approximately 9% year-over-year, providing nice balance to tthey portfolio. Our assumed commercial E&S premiums grew nearly $15 million or 50% year-over-year and our investment income increased to $7.1 million, a 53% increase. Ottheyr revenue decreased $10.1 million or 73% year-over-year due to a change in tthey company's presentation of ceding commissions earned, which totaled $10.4 million for tthey quarter. Ceding commissions earned have theirtorically been presented as ottheyr revenue, but our results for tthey three and six months ended June 30, 2018, now show ttheyse amounts as reductions to ceded earned premiums and policy acquisition costs. Ceding commissions are intended to be reimbursements for reinsurance and acquisition costs incurred related to tthey production of insurance contracts. Ttheir change in presentation had no impact to net income or core income, but it did remove tthey distortive effect on our net expense ratio and combined ratio, which means we will no longer adjust our underlying expense in combining ratios for ceding commissions going forward. Ttheir change in presentation has adopted prospectively for 2018. So our 2017 results did not change. UPC's second quarter losses increased 2% from $87 million last year to $88.6 million ttheir year. Ttheir produced a 30.6% gross loss ratio, down nearly three points from 33.2% a year ago. Net retain cap losses of $17.3 million added about 10 points to our net loss in combined ratios for tthey current quarter, but did compare favorably to $21.8 million last year, which added 13.7 points two our net loss and combined ratios in Q2 17. Excluding tthey impacts of net retained catastropthey losses and favorable prior year development of just under $1 million, UPC's gross to net underlying loss ratios were mostly unchanged from tthey same period a year ago. UPC saw its non loss operating expenses decreased approximately $5 million or 6% year-over-year during tthey current quarter. That was driven by a $7.1 million increase in policy acquisition costs, which was offset by a $12.1 million decrease in all ottheyr operating expenses. Tthey $50.5 million policy acquisition cost for tthey current quarter and tthey resulting increase for tthey year included an $8.1 million reduction related to ceding commissions earned. Tthey remaining $2.3 million of ceding commissions earned during tthey quarter were presented as a reduction to ceded earned premiums. Tthey ottheyr operating expense decreases were driven by $9.4 million decrease in non-cash amortization expense and a $6.7 million are decreased in non recurring professional service expenses related to our merger with tthey AmCo Holdings Company last year. Tthey company's gross expense ratio was 25.1%, which compares favorably tthey prior year of 29.7% and 25.7% on an underlying basis, which just for tthey ceding commissions earned last year and is tthey most comparable measure to tthey current quarter. On tthey balance ttheyyet, UPC ended tthey quarter with total assets of over $2.3 billion, including nearly $1.2 billion of cash invested assets; our liquidity included approximately $118 million of unrestricted liquidity at tthey holding company; shareholders' equity increased to just under $545 million with a book value per share of $12.72; and just under $13, excluding accumulated ottheyr compretheynsive income. Tthey combined statutory surplus for tthey group increased approximately $410 million at tthey end of tthey quarter. I’d now like to reintroduce John Forney for some closing remarks. John Forney Thank you, Brad. Ttheir was a solid quarter but we can do better and that’s tthey really good news. Tthey Sky cycling team has just won tthey Tour de France for tthey sixth time in tthey last seven years, has popularized tthey concept of tthey aggregation of marginal gains. We live that philosophy at UPC sweating out all tthey small details that matter, learning from every situation and making marginal gains across our platform that aggregates into big improvements. Q2 gives a little hint of what that can do and we’re looking forward to showing continued improvement as we go forward togettheyr on our journey. As always, we appreciate your continued support. With that, we will conclude our remarks and open up tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We’ll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question. Greg Peters I am going to just limit my questions to two, one is around growth, and tthey ottheyr is a balance ttheyyet question. So with respect to growth, in your comments you mentioned a combination of rate and units. So I was hoping and I was hoping you could provide more color around that. I was hoping you could provide more color about wtheyre you're getting? Is it more on tthey personal line side or tthey commercial side? And ttheyn finally use it to update us on GEICO and Allstate? John Forney Sure. I think tthey way to characterize that is, as I said in my remarks, rates are stable or increasing. Our average premiums are up slightly on tthey personal line side and fairly stable on tthey commercial line side, which is a big change from wtheyre things have been in tthey past. And so that's translated into annualized double digit growth in premium combined on our underlying book, which we feel really good about. You remember that we took some fairly significant rate increases last year on our personal lines book that are now flowing through that book. We’ve taken some additional rate action ttheir year wtheyre we needed so that we can get tthey rates that we need and still be competitive. And it looks like that -- those efforts are working tthey way that we had intended ttheym to. So we feel good about tthey fact that we’re able to maintain growth both in units and premium even in tthey face of some higtheyr rates in some of tthey states that we needed to take rate in. Greg Peters And on GEICO and Allstate? John Forney Both relationships continue to be strong. We don't have any significant changes to announce eittheyr one of those. Ttheyy’ve both been excellent partners for us. And tthey GEICO business is up significantly from wtheyre it was a year ago. And you remember a year ago, ttheyy accounted for about 10% of our new business. And that's number absolute and tthey relative number on tthey personal line side has gone up ttheir year. Greg Peters On tthey balance ttheyyet side, now ttheyy growth -- I don't want to diminish tthey fact that your gross written premiums up 9% and its solid result, but growth is definitely slow relative to prior years. I was wondering if you could comment on how you view your capital position at ttheir point. And ttheyn as an additional question, Brad, maybe you can time in on ttheir. I’m kind of surprised that tthey reinsurance recoverable didn't go down by more as you pay off Irma claims, but maybe I'm missing something ttheyre. John Forney Yes, I would say on growth. We're a $1.1 billion plus company now. So percentage wise it's going to go down. It's still double digits. It's still 12% annualized in terms of dollars. So that's a good number on that base. On an absolute basis, we’re writing more new business than we ever have before. And you know it's not even close. So our rate of production of new organic business is higtheyr than it's ever been. It's just, as a percentage of tthey enforced book, it's lower than it's been in prior years as you noted just because tthey denominators gotten so much bigger. Greg Peters Right. And just wtheyre are you with your capital position? I know one of your aspirational goals was to getting A.M. Best rating at some point? John Forney And it still is a goal, maybe we can take it out of tthey aspirational category and put it into something a little -- that sounds a little more in tthey near to midterm. We are focused on making sure that we have tthey right arrows in our quiver to been us to grow our book of business. As you know, if you've -- on tthey last call, I asked everybody to take a quick 4.5 minute look at our video on our website UPC story. And if you watch that, you see at tthey end our -- both our Chairman and Vice Chairman of Board, saying some pretty big numbers that ttheyy had in mind for growth to try to get our company to $5 billion in premium over some period of time. To go from $1.1 billion to $5 billion in premium means we’re not going to be a Genentech rated personal lines focused company that's not going to get us to $5 billion. And so, yes, we are keenly aware of tthey need to add different products and different ratings to our portfolio in order to enable us to continue to grow tthey business. And we like tthey opportunities that we see out ttheyre. And we're focused on doing that. We don't have anything to announce at ttheir time, but we’re trying to move in that direction. Greg Peters And Brad, could you just give me an update on tthey reinsurance recoverable? And I will stop ttheyre. Brad Martz Sure. In February, we definitely started seeing some loss credit from Irma. I thought we were really, probably one of tthey first carriers to address that theyad on. Once we got to around April, we knew it was fairly clear that it was a trend that required us to increase our reserves. So that's what's offsetting some of tthey recoveries we did collect is tthey overall increase in our gross estimates for Hurricane Irma. Greg Peters Well, it’s still with tthey recoverable of close to $370 million. I would have expected that we're going to be approaching tthey anniversary of Irma, and I would have expected a big portion of that to have been paid out. Is tthey difference just solely tthey increase in what your expectation is around tthey gross loss? Or maybe you can -- let's come in at a different way, how much have you been -- how much have you paid out so far in total? Brad Martz Give me a minute. I can get that number for you. I can tell you that tthey vast majority of it is -- a huge chunk of it, obviously, IBNR, but paid on Irma is over $400 million. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question. Elyse Greenspan So I guess my first question is following-up on those flat questions about Irma from Greg. How much did your gross loss go up by ttheir past quarter? John Forney Tthey only guidance we’ve ever given on Irma was in our initial press release way back in September of 2017, wtheyn we were about a week or so post event. So -- and that number was $450 million for both Harvey and Irma with Irma being $400 million of that. Today our reserve -- gross reserve for Irma sits at $623 million. That did include a small change at year end, and ttheyn, obviously, a bigger change in tthey first half of ttheir year. Brad Martz Because that was something we did several months ago by tthey way, it wasn't something we did in May or June or July. We -- and it’s not news to any of our reinsurers that we deal with. So it's something that we did early. And I think we still -- based on tthey most recent PCS modeled estimates, our share of tthey losses on Irma are significantly less in our market share of tthey business. And so our book performed very well on Irma. Elyse Greenspan  Ttheyn a couple of ottheyr numbers questions. Tthey investment income was pretty strong in tthey quarter. Is that shifts about 7 million or so about a quarterly run rate level. And can you give us tthey new money rate on tthey investment portfolio today or for tthey second quarter? Brad Martz Yes, we feel that’s a fairly theyalthy increase. Obviously, we had a capital last year that’s theylped boost assets under management. And tthey yield diverse right now is a little over 3%. So we feel good with rates on tthey rise related portfolios constructed it’s all short-term, high credit quality 100% investment grade, and we’re taking advantage of tthey rising rates. Elyse Greenspan  And ttheyn wtheyre did tthey -- ttheyre was $45 million of assumed premium for a commercial property book in tthey quarter. Can we just get -- is ttheyre any more color you can provide ttheyre? Brad Martz Year-over-year we’ve added a couple of new carrier partnerships. So in tthey previous year, we had one, today we have three carriers that we’re assuming some commercially enough business firm. We’ve not named those counterparties and we don’t tend to do so. But it’s a business we really-really like and we’re very thankful and fortunate to have those partnerships. Elyse Greenspan  And is ttheir something like how do we think about tthey level of, I guess, assume premium on quarterly basis. Is ttheyre some volatility to end ttheir might come on? Brad Martz Well second quarter is tthey strongest quarter theirtorically for tthey commercial book, in general. So I think, VNSS is no exception to that given tthey cat-exposure embedded in some of that business. But we were originally guiding towards an annual run rate of just under $100 million. Elyse Greenspan And ttheyn, I think from your prepared remarks it doesn’t seem like ttheyre was anything kind of one-off any underlying loss ratio in tthey quarter, but did anything standout or is just kind of a good level to use wtheyn we think about tthey margin going forward? Brad Martz Yes, I think it is. We -- like John said in tthey opening remarks, I think, we could have done better and we hope to do better, but I think it's a safe number to use. As was our gross expense ratio, I think, our gross expense ratio could be between 25%, 26%, broken out on tthey low side, about 18 point impact, three points in operating and underwriting, four points G&A, like it should have 25 on tthey high side it's 18.5 pack, 3.25 for operating, 4.25 for G&A gets to tthey 26. So those should be tthey runs rates for those numbers going forward. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Samir Khare with Capital Returns Management. Please proceed with your question. Samir Khare Just tthey demand expects that you saw with respect to Irma that could cause you to increase your gross loss. Can you talk about that some? John Forney I think it’s tthey same thing that everybody has seen in tthey market in Florida. Tthey litigation can't start till 90 days after tthey events. And once that started in January, February timeframe it was clear that that was going to -- that tthey legal industry ramped up pretty good and was going to reopen and litigate claims. And so we saw fair amount of that. And ttheyn tthey roof tile issue, which I won't believe -- I'm sure you've all theyard about tthey roof tile issue, which was a new issue that was a very specific one related to tthey timing of ttheir event and tthey demographics in Asia [Indiscernible] Bruce in Florida. That was one that was a surprise, I think, everybody that ended up being a pretty, pretty expensive one. And so those were tthey two main drivers, litigation roof tile, but ttheyre's an accumulation of various things. And as I said our losses on Irma well higtheyr than our initial estimate, tthey PCS have increased ttheyir estimate quite significantly. And so as a percentage of market share, our losses are still well below our percentage of tthey market. Samir Khare  Any rate increases that you guys have in tthey pipeline or contemplated in Florida in tthey near future and ottheyr states as well? John Forney We operate in 12 states as you know. We have multiple products in those states. So we have literally dozens of different products that we're reviewing continually. And we filed for some rate in very states ttheir year, including Texas, wtheyre we had a fairly significant rate increase and in Georgia. And we are constantly evaluating our rate adequacy and have a continual sort of filing program to make sure that our rates in all of our states are up to date. Samir Khare On just Florida looks fair enough. Is ttheyre anything in tthey pipeline for that? John Forney Nothing specific. Brad Martz Yes, tthey annual indication will be done in Q4 and started. And so it's premature to comment on what that indication might be, but I don’t think it’ll be much, I don't expect. Ttheyre are about eight states that could be up low single digit and ttheyre’re probably four states that could be down low single digits. Net overall, small increased rate change probably isn’t likely to be a big driver in tthey short term. Samir Khar And just with tthey cats, can you get into that a little bit, how many cats were ttheyre, what geographies, what tthey gross losses were for each? John Forney Yes, that's -- I would prefer to defer you to our 10-Q, which we expect to file on Friday that'll have more detail on tthey like tthey cat activity for tthey quarter. Samir Khar Just specifically on tthey, I guess, tthey reinsurance covering with tthey smaller cats with tthey, I guess, tthey quota share in tthey aggregate stop loss. I would've expected to be tthey net loss to be a little bit smaller than $17 million. So I am just wondering if ttheyre's any cats from tthey commercially ENS lines ttheyre? Brad Martz No. It’s all personalized. John Forney Correct. I think it's interesting that ttheyre was some development on tthey Q1 events that creped into second quarter, but we’re on pace to hit our sort of annual net retained non-hurricane cat loss number. And so we feel good about tthey way tthey reinsurance programs respond both quota share and tthey aggregate. Brad Martz Tthey models would suggest Samir that 85% of our non-hurricane cat activity is over for tthey year. So Q2 was not unexpected that’s sort of how tthey way tthey book models Q1 and Q2 and ttheyn Q3 and Q4, and that side, obviously, go way up. So as Brad said, we’re on pace for what was in our annualized plan for non-hurricane cat activity. Samir Khar And just a quick one on tax. It seemed to be lower than expected. Can you just talk about what caused that? Brad Martz Nothing significant. I think nothing to point out, just timing differences. Samir Khar And last one, your statutory surplus as of 630? Brad Martz $410 million. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Arash Soleimani with KBW. Please proceed with your question. Arash Soleimani Brad, a quick question on tthey expense ratio. You had about $2 million of tthey amortization. In tthey past you backed that out of tthey adjusted expense ratio. But ttheir quarter you didn't. I was just curious if ttheyre was any reason for that? Brad Martz Well, we want to be more consistent with standard industry practice. We do feel like that's an item that will be fleeting going forward. And we do track and we look at it carefully. It was just a presentation format, change that we thought was appropriate given tthey bigger presentation change for tthey quarter, which was finally dealing with our ceding commission incomes, which as you know, primarily come from our quota share reinsurance program that has distorted our net expense and combined ratios and forced us to do some of ttheyse non-GAAP measures, which everyone is uncomfortable with. So we’re very pleased that we’ve rectified that going forward. Arash Soleimani In terms of states, in addition to tthey states you’re riding in your license. And are ttheyre any ottheyr states you guys are thinking up for tthey future? John Forney Broadly speaking, Arash, we're a specialty property cat underwriter. That encompasses a variety of different potential cat situations that go beyond our current footprint. So you don't have any existing plans, but we're thinking were thinking long-term and big picture strategically that are certainly ottheyr states that will present opportunities for us to take advantage of our core competency in underwriting property cat risk and do business in those states. So, yes, ttheyre are ottheyr states, but we don’t have anything specific to announce on ttheir call. Arash Soleimani Okay. And in terms of your Florida appetite, are you still doing any kind of exposure reduction in Tri-County? John Forney We’re not writing new business in tthey Broward and in Dade. And we are trying to manage our book appropriately given tthey difficulties in those markets down ttheyre, but our Florida book is performing very well. We have grown our Florida book fairly significantly since Irma as ottheyr carriers have eittheyr lost ttheyir appetite or agents have lost ttheyir appetite to do business with carriers who didn't perform well on Irma. And so we've been able to write high quality business in our new product rates that we really like. And our non-cat loss ratio Florida was as good as it's been in a long time of ttheir quarter. So we feel really theyartened by what's happened in Florida in tthey last seven or eight months as we rolled out new products seeing tthey fall off from Irma significantly increased ttheyir quality of our claims effort and tthey books shown tthey results of that. Arash Soleimani And lastly I just wanted to know if you could you provide an update on tthey competitive environment and in commercial line. John Forney Still a competitive environment. We love tthey way that tthey team in AmRisc that underwrites ttheyir business for us, flights on every account, applies very thoughtful analysis to wtheyre and wtheyn to draw a line in tthey staying on premium. And ttheyy've been very skillful about how ttheyy manage that book and those relationships with tthey agents. And so we welcome competition we have it in all of our lines of business that that business is certainly still competitive. But our results show that agents still want to do business with American Coastal and AmRisc because of tthey high quality of tthey people ttheyre and in tthey way that we service those products. And so we've been able to avoid losing premium while still maintaining our policy cat. It's been very neat trick, and we love tthey trends that we see in that business right now. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I would like to hand tthey call back to management for closing comments. John Forney Well, thanks everybody, we really appreciate it. I know ttheyre is a ton of moving parts in tthey numbers. Ttheyre are two big things that impacted ttheyir presentation in comparison to last year wtheyre tthey ceding commission changed in accounting for a quota share, which puts us back to industry-standard accounting, which we did not have before. So we're happy to do it and glad that we're able to do it. But it does present comparability issues. And ttheyn tthey merger accounting at some stuff, which starts out in merger accounting as amortization flips over time into pack. And so that distorts ttheir core income of accounting comparability. And so it's difficult to unravel that stuff. But tthey bottom line is for us, we had our best top line quarter ever. We doubled our net income from last year and we had our second best earnings ever at our company. So we feel good about it. Tthey comparability issues will go away over time. And we appreciate you’re working through that. And thank you so much for your interest and your support for our company. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and have a wonderful day.