United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call November 7, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Adam Prior - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations John Forney - Chief Executive Officer Brad Martz - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Greg Peters - Raymond James Arash Soleimani - KBW Greg Peters - Raymond James Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey UPC Insurance 2017 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to tthey conference over to your host, Adam Prior. Thank you. You may begin. Adam Prior Thank you and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC’s earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. You’re also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9606, and we’d be happy to send you a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its Web site. Before we get started, I’d like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey Company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends and tthey Company’s operations and financial results and tthey business and tthey products of tthey Company and subsidiaries. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those results anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time-to-time in UPC’s filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future developments or ottheyrwise. With that, I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. John Forney, UPC’s Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, John. John Forney Thanks, Adam. Ttheir is John Forney, President and CEO of UPC Insurance. With me today is Brad Martz, our Chief Financial Officer. On behalf of everyone at UPC, we appreciate you're taking time to join us on tthey call. We had some big milestones at UPC Insurance during tthey quarter. We passed 500,000 policies in force, $1 billion premium in force and we have to deal with tthey couple of hurricanes too. I want to put those hurricanes in perspective for you. For tthey first time in theirtory, two Cat 4 hurricanes made landfall in tthey United States in tthey same year. And ttheyy made landfall in our two largest states, Texas and Florida. And Irma went right through our area of largest concentration in Florida, tthey Southwest Coast wtheyre we have over $36 billion of total personal and commercial lines exposure and combined market share of 12%, double our state wide market share of 6%. And yes, even after all that, Harvey and Irma used less than 20% of our reinsurance capacity, leaving us at least $2.2 billion for ottheyr events. We retained $83 million of gross hurricane losses and anottheyr $30 million of ottheyr cap losses earlier in tthey year, and only at tthey benefit of tthey AmCo merger sense to beginning at Q2. But we still showed positive operating income for tthey first nine months of 2017, and we have a chance to show positive net income for tthey full-year, even after taking into account all tthey aforementioned cat losses and over $40 million of non-recurring merger charges and non-cash amortization. Those results demonstrate tthey financial resiliency of our Company, and we appreciate our investors, reinsurance partners and ottheyrs that have expected to make us so strong. Operationally, we did well in tthey quarter. We have received over 35,000 claims, just from Harvey and Irma, compared to about 28,000 for tthey entire year of 2016. Receiving 16 months worth of claims in one month will put a strain on tthey resources of any company. And we certainly felt tthey pressure in tthey quarter. But our claims teams preparation and hard work paid off. To-date, we have closed almost 85% of Harvey claims and over 50% of Irma claims. And while tthey environment has been challenging, from a service standpoint, Scott St. John and their team answered tthey bell and solved every problem that arose. As I alluded to in my opening, hurricanes were not tthey only story at UPC during tthey quarter. We continued to put profitable new business on tthey books. In September, we wrote 13,000 new business policies, an amazing number considering that our two largest states were shutdown for much for tthey month. For tthey quarter, we grew our personal lines policy count by 4.7% and our commercial lines policy count by 1.1%. Retention was over 90%. We did all of that while improving our core underwriting performance across tthey Board. And tthey rate increases put in place earlier ttheir year on over 70% of our book, are just beginning to flow through our results. At ttheir point, I'd like to turn it over to Brad Martz to discuss our financial results in more detail. Brad? Brad Martz Thank you, John and theyllo. I'm Brad Martz, tthey CFO of UPC Insurance. I'm pleased to review tthey financial highlights of our most recent quarter. But before we get to those, I would like to remind and encourage everyone to review our press release and Form 10-Q for more information regarding our results. Highlights of UPC's strong third quarter 2017 were; solid revenue growth of 35% year-over-year; improving underlying ops and expense ratios; catastropthey losses of approximately $83 million or $1.26 per share, which grow tthey non-GAAP operating loss of $21.2 million or $0.50 a share and a GAAP net loss of $28 million or $0.66 a share. Underlying combined ratio of 81.5% was 10 point improvement from tthey prior year. Some additional insight into UPC's revenue growth for tthey quarter includes; gross premiums written of $267 million, up 38% year-over-year; gross premiums earned of $268 million; 54% growth year-over-year; net premiums earned of $152 million, up 27%; direct premiums written for tthey quarter were derived 50% from Florida, 23% from tthey Gulf region, 17% from tthey Norttheyast and 10% from tthey Souttheyast; with a mix of 82% personal loans and 18% commercial loans. Florida's growth year-over-year was mainly driven by American Coastal Insurance Company's commercial gross written premium. Organic personal property gross written premium grew approximately 15% year-over-year from all regions. Assumed premiums of $9.6 million during tthey quarter were nearly all related to tthey commercial E&S property business underwritten by AmRisc. Net investment income increased $4.8 million or 81% year-over-year. Our total policies in force at September 30th eclipsed $511,000. And as John mentioned, premiums in force exceeded $1 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter, a landmark milestone for UPC Insurance. UPC's third quarter losses increased 97% from $73 million last year to $143 million ttheir year, driven by catastroptheys and tthey inclusion of AmCo in tthey current year. Included in those results were approximately $83 million of net retained catastropthey losses from hurricanes Harvey and Irma, as well as approximately $1 million of favorable reserve development on prior accident years during tthey quarter. Ttheyse items, in total, added over 53 points to net loss ratio during tthey quarter. Excluding tthey impact of net catastropthey losses and prior year favorable reserve development, UPC's gross underlying loss ratio improved over 12 points year-over-year due primarily to lower attritional loss ratios of American Coastal's commercial residential business and reduced non-cat loss frequency compared to tthey same period a year ago. UPC saw its non-loss operating expense increased approximately $23 million to $25 million or 48% year-over-year; $15.2 million or 65% of that change was driven by policy acquisition costs, consistent with UPC’s direct written premium growth, as well as tthey inclusion of AmCo's policy acquisition cost; $8.3 million or tthey remaining 35% of tthey change was driven by all ttheyir operating expenses, which are primarily fueled by amortization of intangible assets, which increased approximately $6.5 million year-over-year. For tthey quarter, our gross expense ratio improved 1.3 points to 27.1%. UPC's gross underlying expense ratio, which adjusts for operating expenses by tthey feeding commission income and non-cash amortization expenses with even better improving approximately 5.8 points year-over-year. Despite tthey theirtorical level of catastropthey losses during Q3, our balance ttheyyet, capitalization and reinsurance program remained strong. UPC ended tthey quarter with total assets of nearly $2.2 billion, including over $1 billion of cash and invested assets, a significant increase to our flow of over $400 million from tthey same period a year ago. Our liquidity included approximately $41 million of unrestricted cash at tthey holding company, which is available for contribution to our statutory companies if necessary. Total assets and liabilities both increased significantly during tthey quarter, but proportionately due to changes in loss reserves and tthey reinsurance recoverable related to tthey cap losses incurred. At a minimum, UPC believes it still has roughly $2.2 billion of catastropthey reinsurance remaining until May 31, 2018 for any number of events until that limit is exhaustec, net of all expected payments related to Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. Shareholders’ equity declined to approximately $501 million due to tthey net loss during tthey quarter, which is partially offset by an increase in unrealized gains in tthey Company's investments portfolio. Tthey combined statutory surplus of tthey Group at tthey end of tthey quarter was approximately $352 million. I’d now like to reintroduce John Forney for some closing remarks. John Forney Thanks Brad. A doctor once told me that given my family theirtory, I would probably live a long life. So they told me I better take care of tthey equipment. UPC's financial resiliency in tthey face of tthey theirtoric 2017 hurricane season tells me tthey same thing about our Company. We are going to be around for a long time. So we are building and running UPC with that in mind. We are grateful to all our investors for supporting us on that journey. At ttheir time, we’d like to open up tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please proceed. Greg Peters I wanted to give you a chance to provide more color around tthey catastropthey losses, specifically how it breaks up between Irma and Harvey, how many claims were closed without a payment. Ttheyre’s discussion around tthey risk of late notice of claims, and of course ttheyre's always working out ttheyre potential some benefits fraud. So ttheyre's a lot that I asked in that one question, but maybe you can provide some additional color. Brad Martz Tthey gross loss estimate for hurricane Harvey, we recorded at $50 million at tthey end of tthey quarter and Irma was $400 million. And as of yesterday, we've got total payments on Harvey of about little over $35 million and almost $82 million for Irma. Greg Peters And on Harvey, how many of those claims were closed without payment. Do you have an idea? Brad Martz 43% of tthey Harvey claims have been closed without payment and 21% of tthey Irma claims have been closed without payment. Greg Peters So, I guess tthey reinsurance conversation is going to be an important topic over tthey next several months. First, if you could follow-up with some color around your reinsurance recoverable. And I assume everything is progressing in terms of tthey recoveries ttheyre. And ttheyn second, talk about what your perspectives are for reinsurance costs in 2018? Brad Martz On tthey reinsurance recoverable, yes, we are having no problem communicating and working with our reinsurers. We don't expect any credit risk related to tthey recoverable, vast majority of our program, as you know, is cash collateralized. We're very fortunate to be working with great reinsurance partners who have already -- one of which has been kind enough to advance ttheyir monies already. So we're in enviable position wtheyre we're not going to be a fore seller of any securities. And that is going very smoothly. John Forney With regard to what's going to happen in tthey future with reinsurance prices, we're not in a prediction business. And so I won't add to tthey cacophony of voices that have made such predictions. I would just say that it's our hope that carriers that have fared well in tthey storms in terms of underwriting in claims performance, will be rewarded with pricing that's more favorable than companies that did not fare so well. So I think if I had one prediction to make, it would be that we'll see some differentiation, which has been lacking in tthey market in tthey last few years between those carriers that have claims infrastructure and good underwriting and those that maybe are lacking a little bit in that regard. Greg Peters Tthey final question and I'll re-queue. Can you just update on tthey Company's relationship with Allstate and GEICO? John Forney Both continue to be very strong, and growing. Greg Peters Any new states for GEICO or Allstate that ttheyy're partnered up with you, or any additional color? John Forney GEICO writes across our footprint. Allstate writes with us currently only in Florida. I believe our book of business with Allstate makes us ttheyir largest partner in Florida. And we have a regular very theyalthy and productive dialogue about how to grow that book of business in Florida and potentially elsewtheyre. And GEICO's business with us does nothing but continue to grow. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Arash Soleimani with KBW. Please go atheyad. Arash Soleimani So just to start-off. What was tthey gross prior period reserve development in and outside Florida? John Forney Wtheyn you say outside of Florida, you’re trying to bifurcate tthey reserve development between Florida and outside of Florida? Is that what you’re asking Arash, or are you looking for more color on tthey $5.9 million of adverse that we reported last year. I'm not sure which number… Arash Soleimani I'm looking for 3Q '17. John Forney So just tthey favorable reserve development in tthey third quarter of '17 of roughly $1 million is primarily driven by accident year 2016 and Hurricane Matttheyw. Arash Soleimani And tthey ottheyr question I had was on tthey amortization. What's tthey right way to think of that quarterly in tthey fourth quarter and in tthey first quarter of 2018 and ttheyn beyond that? John Forney Note seven to our form 10-Q include some additional information on amortization for tthey fourth quarter, it’ll be approximately $12 million for Q1 '18, approximately $8.5 million. And ttheyn for tthey balance of 2018 second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter 2018, approximately $1.4 million in each quarter for total of $5.5 million. So about $33.2 million in 2017 calendar year and $14 million in 2018. Arash Soleimani And I think you may have mentioned ttheir. What was tthey statutory capital at Q3 and also HoldCo cash at Q3? John Forney HoldCo cash, I report it was approximately $41 million at tthey end of tthey quarter and statutory capital was $352 million. Arash Soleimani And what are tthey plans to downstream any of tthey cash into tthey subsidiaries before year-end? And if you do have plans to downstream how much are you thinking? John Forney We haven't made tthey formal decisions in that regard yet. We've got a Board meeting later ttheir week wtheyre we might -- management may make some recommendations for tthey Board to consider. But those amounts have not been determined yet. We have done lots of capital analysis. And feel good about our ability to contribute additional capital if necessary. Arash Soleimani For American Coastal, what was tthey split for Harvey and Irma? John Forney American Coastal didn’t have anything for Harvey. Blueline, which is part of tthey AmCo did incur $5 million retention for Harvey, as well as for Irma and for commercial E&S business. But American Coastal’s Irma loss was about -- we pegged it at $130 million with tthey balance, tthey ottheyr $320 million being UPC. Arash Soleimani And for tthey -- in terms of tthey seeded earned premium in tthey quarter, how much of tthey seeded earn premium was from tthey quota share versus tthey XOL cover? John Forney I don't have that number handy. I could get it for you, give me one second. Arash Soleimani Sure. John Forney Arash, we'll get back to you with that number. We should move on. Arash Soleimani Yes, you can move on. I’ll re-queue. Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Greg Peters I wanted to circle back around conversations you've had with tthey OIR in tthey quarter, and after tthey quarter, specifically around feedback you've gotten from ttheym regarding your performance of tthey claims, how you've been processing claims. And ttheyn more specifically conversations if any you had about tthey possibility of higtheyr prices due to reinsurance costs rising? John Forney We've had great conversations with OIR and we have a longstanding very theyalthy and positive relationship with ttheym. We think tthey new commissioner is doing a terrific job. He actually visited our theyadquarters in person to spend time with us ttheir quarter. And to my knowledge, their first time up Florida Insurance Commissioner has done that and we really appreciated it. That basically ttheyn had a very productive dialogue with them. We're open book for our investors, our regulators, our reinsurance partners. And so we don't have any secrets from OIR about what we're doing. We've done a great job on tthey claims situation. It doesn't mean that every now and ttheyn ttheyre isn’t something that falls through tthey cracks, every time something like that happens, we address it quickly and solve tthey problem. And that's been our mode of operation theyre in tthey wake of tthey hurricanes. We haven't had any specific conversations with OIR about prices going up for increases in reinsurance. Ttheyre's a statutory capability in Florida to do an expedited rate increase, specifically to address reinsurance rate increases. But we're not anticipating that at ttheir time. Greg Peters And ttheyn on tthey reinsurance getting, back to reinsurance, John. I know you don't really want to get -- go down tthey slippery slope of commenting on what's going to happen with pricing. But a large percentage of your coverage or limit that you bought didn't get any hit with any losses in 2017. How do you think your reinsurers that didn't get losses in tthey higtheyr layers are going to react around conversations with pricing in '18? John Forney We’re really fortunate to have a very strong panel of reinsurers that are our partners, that have been with us for many years. And even though ttheyre've been losses in tthey last couple of years, tthey reinsurers that have been with us for tthey last five years are all profitable and have earned good returns. We wanted to be a win-win partnership for tthey long-term and I think that's tthey kind of relationship we have with our reinsurers. Most of our reinsurers are spread throughout our program don’t necessarily a lot that are hiding in tthey upper layers and don’t have any losses. But we have a pretty good spread on our reinsurance book. But we have a concentration with a core group of partners that have a significant commitment to us that we’re ttheyir largest intermediate -- we’re ttheyir largest counter-party and ttheyy’re our largest reinsurers. And so we talk many times a year regardless of wtheyttheyr ttheyir hurricanes about how we’re going to structure tthey program next year, we've already begun to have those discussions. And we just feel good about wtheyre we’re going to end up without predicting wtheyttheyr that's going to be flat or up or down, we feel that we are going to get tthey benefit of tthey doubt from our reinsurance partners, because we are who we said we are. And we're delivering after ttheyse events like we felt we would. Greg Peters Tthey ottheyr component tthey reinsurance cover that you have as tthey aggregate program to in effect cover tthey kitty cat events. I believe that renews at tthey beginning of tthey year. How is that process going? And ttheyn tthey last question would be just if you can update us on your experience around Assignment of Benefit fraud in tthey State of Florida? John Forney Sure. On tthey ag, it does renew at tthey beginning of tthey year. And we are actively out in tthey market right now trying to see what kind of structure and pricing would be available. As you know, it's been very active last couple of years in tthey so called kitty cat market. And ttheyre has been pressure on those programs. So we have -- we’re out ttheyre with what we think is a good strategy and we’ll see how that goes. With regard to AOB, I don’t know that we have any particular insight on AOB with regard to tthey hurricanes. We have not seen a lot of activity with regard to AOB on tthey hurricanes. It doesn’t mean ttheyre won't be activity as we go forward but it has not stood out so far as a core part of Irma in Florida. Tthey bigger picture on AOB from our perspective is that it continues to be a significant issue in Florida, especially in Souttheyast, especially in Dade and Broward County. And ttheyre is no legislative solution insight. Ttheyre are some things that are being done and we have some things pending that we think are going to theylp at tthey regulatory level and tthey commissioner and their team have been supportive of trying to find things to theylp curb tthey abuse without prohibiting legitimate assignments. And we’re working closely with ttheym to try to accomplish that. Operator Thank you. We have a follow-up from Arash Soleimani with KBW. Arash Soleimani In tthey fourth quarter, has ttheyre been any noise from Tropical Storm Philippe? John Forney No. We believe, yes, ttheyre have been losses but it will not be impactful to tthey quarter, we believe. Tthey vast majority of those losses will be seeded under our aggregate reinsurance program. And to follow-up on your previous questions, seeded earned related to tthey quota share was $23 million during Q3. Arash Soleimani Okay, and tthey rest is XOL ttheyn, okay. John Forney Perhaps. Arash Soleimani Tthey ottheyr question I had just following on to tthey Philippe question. Were ttheyre any ottheyr kitty cats in Q4 year-to-date so far in tthey quarter? John Forney Kitty cats, no. We had an eight, which was small and insignificant as well. But that's a named storm but nothing else significant. Arash Soleimani And in terms of assumed premiums of $9.6 million in tthey quarter, I think you made a comment in your preliminary remarks. But did you say what part of that came from tthey American Coastal captive? John Forney Almost 100% of it. Arash Soleimani So ttheyre was nothing that’s -- go atheyad… John Forney Blueline is not captive of American Coastal. It's a subsidiary of AmCo Holdings. It has nothing to do with American Coastal insurance company. Arash Soleimani And has ttheyre been anything else going on with TWIA at all? John Forney No. Arash Soleimani And remind me what was tthey latest rate increase you received in Florida and what tthey date was wtheyre it went into effect? John Forney It's 8.4% on our legacy book of business, and it varied from -- that's tthey overall, it varied from county to county. It's been in effect for three months now and we’re starting to see some of tthey first renewals onto that. And we've retained tthey business while getting tthey rate increase, that's been terrific. We also have about an 8.3 rate percent increase pending on our ottheyr product in Florida, our family security product that’s pending before tthey OIR right now. Arash Soleimani And I know you made some comments in terms of rates. I know you don't want to get too much into detail on that. But my question was aside from tthey reinsurance, you said you could make a filing potentially -- to pass through tthey reinsurance rate increases but just broadly speaking, in terms of tthey Florida market. Do you expect tthey Florida market to harden as a result of ttheyse storms, primarily rate more broadly? John Forney I think tthey Florida market has been hardening, as a result of tthey AOB difficulties that some of tthey smaller and take out oriented carriers have faced as a result of tthey retention that almost everybody took on Matttheyw last year, as a result of tthey continuing AOB and retention that people will take ttheir year. It's been a hardening market for some time now and that's worked to our advantage. Arash Soleimani And just in terms of ttheyse storms beyond tthey rate increases from tthey AOB, do you think ttheyse storms will result in furttheyr increases on top of tthey AOB increases? John Forney I don't know that we have any way to predict that nor would we -- we really want to. We like tthey way that we're positioned in Florida. As I said, we started to grow again in Florida. We grew our policy count in Florida in tthey quarter again by about 5% just for tthey quarter, because ttheyre is somewhat of a flight to quality going on in tthey state as hurricanes have become more prevalent tthey last couple of years and some of tthey ottheyr carriers have had some difficulties in delivering to ttheyir agents. Arash Soleimani And if we do see primary rates go up in Florida, and if that causes more polices to go into Citizens. Would you look to do more Citizens take out or do you see an opportunity ttheyre potentially? John Forney Arash, you were breaking-up and you went into a language that we didn’t quite understand. Arash Soleimani What I was trying to ask is, if rates do go up in Florida and that causes more policy as we go into Citizens. Would that be an opportunity [multiple speakers]… John Forney If rates go up more, say that again -- you’re still breaking-up. Arash Soleimani I am a cellphone connection. If rates go up in Florida and more policy is going to Citizens as a result. Would that present an opportunity for you wtheyre you would want to go into more Citizens take outs? John Forney We still can't make out tthey question with your connection. Adam Prior John, ttheir is Adam, if you can theyar me. Tthey question was, in tthey event that rates continue to go up, would you consider Citizens take out? John Forney Adam, you have a bad connection as well, or we do. We couldn’t understand your question eittheyr. Arash Soleimani I am theyaring Adam, ttheyre might be a connection -- I theyard Adam clearly. Can you theyar me any better now? John Forney We can theyar you. Arash Soleimani So I was basically trying -- in terms of tthey quota share that you have. Is that something that would get renewed at December 1? Or have you already been in that process? John Forney Your connection is still bad, but I think I understood you had asked about tthey quota share and it's something we're looking at and evaluating. Arash Soleimani And my ottheyr question was on tthey Kroll rating. What does tthey Kroll rating allow you to do? John Forney Arash, we can’t theyar you. We can’t understand your questions. I think we’re going to have to move on. Your connection is really bad. Adam Prior You might want to try and re-queue. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. John Forney Okay, we apologize for tthey technical difficulty we experienced ttheyre at tthey end of tthey call. But we appreciate everybody's interest in our company and appreciate your partnership on tthey journey. Thank you so much for your time today. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time.