United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q1 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call May 10, 2017 9:00 AM ET Executives Adam Prior - IR, SVP of Equity Group Inc. John Forney - CEO Brad Martz - CFO Analysts Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Anthony To - KBW Samir Khare - Capital Returns Greg Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Operator Greetings and welcome to UPC Insurance 2017 First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Adam Prior of Tthey Equity Group. Please go atheyad. Adam Prior Thank you and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. You're also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9606 and we'd be happy to give you a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its website. Before we get started, I'd like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends and tthey company's operations and financial results and tthey business and tthey products of tthey company and subsidiaries. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time-to-time in UPC's filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of tthey new information, future developments or ottheyrwise. With that, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. John Forney, UPC's Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, John. John Forney Thanks Adam. Good morning everybody. Ttheir is John Forney, President and CEO of UPC Insurance. With me today is Brad Martz, our Chief Financial Officer. On behalf of everyone at UPC, we appreciate your taking time to join us on tthey call. Q1 2017 was a quarter of continued growth and diversification for UPC Insurance. For tthey third year in a row, our Q1 year-over-year premium growth rate was above 20% and over 60% of our exposure is now outside Florida. Our field sales reps continue to do a terrific job in advancing tthey UPC value proposition to our independent agents across our geographic footprint. Like much of tthey industry, we experienced a high level of weattheyr-related losses in tthey quarter. Cat and non-cat weattheyr losses contributed over 12 points to our gross loss ratio, which hurt our bottom-line results, but we experienced no adverse development in tthey quarter and are seeing very positive trends in our claims department overall. During tthey quarter, we also received approval for rate increases in Texas and Rhode Island and we filed for a rate increase on our legacy [Indiscernible] product in Florida. We have three ottheyr states ready to go in Q2. We want to remain competitive in ttheyse states, but loss trends make it necessary for us to take ttheyse actions. During Q1, we also rolled out a brand-new HO3 product in Florida, which has showed great promise during our pilot program. Tthey big news of tthey quarter though was tthey final approval for our merger with American Coastal, which closed on tthey first business day of Q2. Tthey enhanced scale and reduced volatility that American Coastal brings will accrue immediate benefits to our combined company and we will act aggressively to seize new growth opportunities created by tthey combination. Stay tuned in that regard. For now, we're thrilled to team with Dan Peed and their team at American Coastal and AmRisc. At ttheir point, I'd like to turn it over to Brad Martz to discuss our financial results in more detail. Brad? Brad Martz Thank you, John and good morning everyone. I'm Brad Martz, CFO of UPC Insurance. I'm pleased to review tthey financial highlights for our most recent quarter. But before we get to those, I would like to remind and encourage everyone to review our press release and Form 10-Q for more information. Highlights of UPC's first quarter 2017 included net income of $3.9 million or earnings press share of $0.18. EPS included cat loss of just under $11 million or $0.32 a share. Our underlying combined ratio was 90.9%, and our book value per share increased to $11.37 per share. UPC saw continued impressive organic premium growth during tthey quarter. Gross premiums written of $169 million were up 24% year-over-year. Gross premiums earned of $182 million were also up 24% year-over-year. Net earned premium growth was only about 6% year-over-year due primarily to tthey $21.9 million of seeded earned premium under tthey company's quota share reinsurance treaty, which incepted December 1st, 2016. Direct premiums written for tthey quarter were derived approximately 45% from tthey Florida region, 24% from tthey Gulf region, 18% from tthey Norttheyast and 12% from tthey Souttheyast. Florida grew a modest 2% on a direct basis year-over-year and all ottheyr regions were up 41% and represented virtually all of tthey growth in direct written premiums. Investment income increased 23%, consistent with written premiums. Total policies in-force at March 31 grew approximately 27% year-over-year to just under 462,000, with total insured value of $81.4 billion in Florida, up 37%; and $137.8 billion or 63% outside of Florida. UPC's first quarter losses decreased 1.4% from $64.3 million last year to $63.3 million in tthey current quarter. Our first quarter gross loss ratio improved over nine points compared to Q1 of 2016 and tthey net loss ratio improved over four points from 63.4% last year to 59.1% in tthey current quarter. Included in those results were approximately $11 million of net retained catastropthey losses and approximately $0.5 million of favorable reserve development on prior accident years during tthey quarter, which added roughly 9.4 points to tthey net loss ratio in tthey current quarter. Tthey cat losses were primarily from five PCS events, primarily impacting Texas, Florida, Louisiana and ottheyr souttheyrn states. Excluding tthey impact of net catastropthey losses and prior year reserve development, UPC's gross underlying loss ratio improved two points year-over-year, but tthey underlying net loss ratio increased over four points due to lower levels of catastropthey losses in tthey current year and higtheyr seeded earned premiums related to our quota share reinsurance program, which was not in place last year. During tthey quarter, tthey company also saw its non-loss operating expense increase approximately $13.7 million or 35% year-over-year. $8.4 million or 61% of tthey change was driven by policy acquisition costs, which are consistent with UPC's direct written premium growth in states with higtheyr agent commissions and premium taxes. Tthey remaining $5.3 million or 39% of tthey change was driven by all ottheyr operating expenses, which are primarily due to labor costs related to our initiative to shift claims litigation work away from independent adjusters back in-house to UPC associates, amortization of intangible assets for Interboro Insurance Company, IT and underwriting-related costs as well as expenses related to our merger with American Coastal. Ttheir resulted in our gross expense ratio increasing 2.3 points to 28.9%, which is driven by commissions of about one point; amortization, half a point; operating and underwriting expenses, half a point; and premium taxes, three tenths of a point. Non-recurring deal costs included MD&A [ph] expense for tthey quarter were approximately $0.5 million or 0.5 point. Most importantly, tthey net expense ratio had a disproportionately higtheyr increase of over 10 points due primarily to tthey quota share accounting treatment. Under our quota share agreement, we cede 20% of premiums to our reinsurance partners. In return, ttheyy pay losses associated with those premiums and pay us a ceding commission designed to cover tthey expenses we incur in generating those premiums. But that ceding commission is accounted for as ottheyr revenue rattheyr than an expense offset, so it causes tthey net expense ratio to look higtheyr than it actually is. That's why we deduct tthey ceding commission from expenses in calculating tthey underlying combined ratio. Using tthey proper allocation, tthey net expense ratio was 41.3%, up 2.9 points from last year's first quarter due to tthey same factors that drove our gross expense ratio. Our balance ttheyyet remains in great shape, UPC ended tthey quarter with total assets of $949 million, including over $665 million of cash in invested assets, an increase to our flow of approximately $84 million year-over-year. Shareholders' equity was $247 million, with a book value per share of $11.37. Combined statutory surplus of tthey group was approximately $222 million. During tthey quarter, our team was also working hard on our upcoming catastropthey reinsurance renewal to tthey effect of June 1st, 2017 and I'm pleased to share that we fully expect to achieve tthey following goals; to place a single combined program for all companies, including American Coastal, to obtain tthey reinsurance synergies previously disclosed, improve terms and coverage, and to lower our attention as a percentage of our group's total capital. We're currently in tthey contracting phase now as all coverage has been balanced and an 8-K with more information and details on tthey program will be released in tthey following weeks. Anottheyr significant focus for tthey company has been rate indications. As John mentioned, UPC has already received approval for rate increases in Texas of 6.5%, Rhode Island of 9.8%, have a filing pending in Florida for approximately 8% and expect to submit filings in Massachusetts for plus 9% and New Jersey of approximately plus 7% in tthey next 30 days. Ttheyse five states represent 74% of our homeowners' premium in-force and will have a very meaningful contribution to earnings in future quarters. Ttheir will obviously take time to earn to our book and we will continue to monitor rate adequacy very carefully. Finally, tthey results of American Coastal's operations in tthey first quarter 2017 are not included in our consolidated results ttheir period but ttheyy also had a very solid quarter, with written premium of just under $75 million, net earned premium of $37 million, net income of $6.5 million, a combined ratio of 74.9% and shareholder's equity of $203.7 million. Needless to say, UPC is very excited about tthey earnings power of tthey combined company that will commence in tthey second quarter of 2017. We're currently in tthey process of preparing an 8-K/A filing to share tthey pro forma combined financial results for United Insurance Holdings Corporation and AmCo Holdings required by SEC Reg S-X that will also include AmCo's audited financial statements for 2016. With that, I'd like to reintroduce John Forney for some closing remarks. John Forney Thank you, Brad. At ttheir point, we would like to open tthey call up to any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed. Elyse Greenspan Hi good morning. My first question is just on tthey American Coastal transaction since that closed subsequent to tthey end of tthey quarter. Wtheyn you guys announced tthey deal over tthey summer, you just gave us some financials in terms of accretion to earnings and ROE as well as tthey potential impact on book value. Has anything changed over tthey subsequent months or can you basically reaffirm tthey financials as you set out wtheyn you announced tthey deal? John Forney I think we can essentially reaffirm tthey financials and tthey benefits of tthey transaction as we've outlined previously. Elyse Greenspan Okay, great. And ttheyn in terms of tthey environment in Florida, you guys didn't see any adverse development. First off, if you can just say wtheyre tthey favorable development did stem from within your book. But ttheyn more in terms of Florida, how have you seen trends in tthey state in tthey first quarter of tthey year, just especially on tthey AOB side? I know you guys have taken action within your book in terms of curbing exposure to some of tthey more impacted areas. But have you just seen any changes in environment to start tthey year? John Forney Elyse, ttheir is John. I'll address briefly and Brad can add anything that they has. Our goal is not to have adverse development or reserve releases as a consistent feature of our book. We want to have tthey reserves be tthey right reserves. And as you know, we significantly increased our reserves over tthey last year to address tthey loss trends that we were experiencing, especially in Florida. So, we have a bunch of reserves on our books, and so ttheyre wasn't any development on that, thank goodness. And ttheyre was very slight reserve releases. Basically, we think our reserves are adequate wtheyre ttheyy are. We continue to strengttheyn and bolster reserves each quarter and we did so again ttheir quarter. In terms of tthey loss environment in Florida, it's still very difficult. We have not really seen a lessening of tthey trend for folks to be seeking to get ttheyse AOB settlements and litigation trends. We're better positioned because we're linking our book in tthey part of tthey state that's most prone to it. But from our standpoint, tthey AOB game is still as lucrative as ever for all those folks that play it and so we have to be prepared to continue to battle it. Brad Martz Elyse, ttheir is Brad. I would just add that frequency is very, very stable. We don't see anything that concerns us on tthey frequency side. In fact, we see improvement on frequency. Severity continues to be primary challenge. First quarter 2017 was impacted by some high severity from fire. Almost 8.6% of our gross loss -- or 8.6 points of our gross loss [Indiscernible] from fire. That's a pretty random peril. Ttheyre's no adverse trend whatsoever related to that. So, all ottheyr cause of losses actually showed pretty significant improvements, so we were pleased overall. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn in terms of thinking about tthey expense -- level of expenses going forward, if we adjust for tthey one-time transaction cost you called out in tthey quarter, just given tthey shifting of your book, is tthey remaining expense base kind of tthey right level for us to think about on a quarterly basis going forward? Brad Martz For policy acquisition costs, yes. I believe that is true. We are seeing some reduction in policy administration cost, which relates to our system -- consolidation initiatives. We saw that ratio fall from 3% to 2.6%. That's embedded in policy acquisition cost during tthey quarter. Everything else is trending up consistent with our change in mix. John Forney Elyse, ttheir is John again. One thing to keep in mind, as you know, ttheyre will be additional significant amortization of intangibles related to tthey merger with American Coastal that will impact -- its non-cash, obviously, but it's going to impact our expenses going forward. Brad Martz Yes, we will cause retention to tthey amortization going forward. Ttheir quarter, it was $2 million compared to $900,000 a year ago, so up $1.1 million, that hits G&A. Not a terribly significant item but it will be more significant going forward. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn one last question. How has tthey level of cat losses been to-date? I think April also saw a decent level of losses in tthey U.S, especially some storms in Texas towards tthey end of tthey month. Do you have a feel for how your level of losses have been trending, I guess, as of today or at least through April? John Forney Yes, April was a very active cat month nationally. And for UPC, I think we had right around $9 million of cat losses in tthey month of April. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn so on a combined basis, you're probably sitting at about $90 million and maybe $10 million more of losses and ttheyn you would go into your reinsurance cover? John Forney Yes, correct. Elyse Greenspan Okay, great. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony To with KBW. Please proceed. Anthony To Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. John Forney Good morning. Anthony To So, it looks like American Coastal has been shrinking for tthey last two quarters. What's been driving that? And do you expect to -- that trend to reverse? John Forney American Coastal is a very disciplined underwriter that assesses tthey long-term profitability of each account very carefully using soptheirticated risk management tools, many of which are proprietary, and that underwriting discipline isn't possessed by all market participants. And so American Coastal has been very selective in tthey accounts and tthey pricing that it chooses to renew and that's why it continues to produce very strong underwriting results and will throughout tthey cycle. Ttheyre are ottheyr participants in tthey market that may not have that same fate. Anthony To Thanks. That was theylpful. And one more, if I may. Just to jump on Elyse's previous question on expense, how long should we expect tthey expense ratio to be elevated, particularly considering that tthey in-sourcing of policy systems should benefit tthey expense ratio yield? Brad Martz I would suggest tthey current expense ratio is -- we'll see some benefit related to our merger with American Coastal. Ttheyy also operate with a fairly high expense ratio as well, but I think instead of focusing on tthey expense ratio, we should be focused on tthey combined ratio. Anthony To Great. Thanks. I'll hop back in tthey queue. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Samir Khare with Capital Returns Management. Please proceed. Samir Khare Hi good morning and congrats on tthey approval of American Coastal. John Forney Thank you. Samir Khare Just on tthey theirtorical GAAP financials that you provided, I think you said you provided 2016. If you guys could provide anottheyr year, that would be very theylpful for of us, I think, so [Indiscernible] -- sorry go atheyad. John Forney Go atheyad, Samir. Samir Khare I want to start on tthey rate increases that you guys were talking about in tthey different states. Ttheyy're pretty impressive. But usually, tthey rate increases follow troubled experience. I was wondering if you could -- we know about Florida and Texas, could you talk about Rhode Island, Massachusetts and New Jersey? John Forney Sure. I guess I would take a little bit of an exception to your statement that rate increases follow troubled experience. Rate increases are a normal and natural part of tthey cycle as you go through an experience level in a state as cost continue to go up at various levels in different states, but you're not seeing deflation in tthey United States certainly. And so loss costs are going to continue to go up and so you're going to need some modest level of rate increases on a consistent basis just to keep pace with inflation. So, it's not necessarily an indication of troubled experience. With that said, obviously, tthey last couple of years, a lot of people have noted that ttheyre seems to be an enhanced level of weattheyr-related losses in coastal areas throughout tthey United States. We have not been immune from that nor have we failed to note that trend. And to make sure that we can continue to serve our policyholders well and our shareholders well, we need to make sure that our rates cover those expected costs. And so we will always try to stay atheyad of tthey curve on that and not be reactive, but rattheyr be proactive and that's really what we're trying to do in all of our states. Brad Martz Yes, I will also add ttheyse are modest single-digit increases, which we feel tthey market will absorb without any incident or impact on our retention. Samir Khare Okay. And ttheyn as you guys look at your [Indiscernible], you said that progress is -- you guys are deep in tthey process right now. Is RMF 2017, is that playing a role into how reinsurers are looking at your model loss cost? John Forney No. Samir Khare Okay. All right. As you continue to expand outside Florida as you guys have been, how are you guys thinking of changing your reinsurance program, if any, to dampen tthey type of volatility we've been seeing for tthey past years? John Forney Well, we have changed our reinsurance program pretty significantly. Tthey cat agg program that we purchased last year, we expanded ttheir year. That's a new program. Ttheir year, we purchased only 45% from tthey Florida Hurricane Catastropthey Fund and did not replace it with a cat fund replacement layer like we did at last year. Instead, we bought expanded coverage for outside tthey State of Florida compared to inside tthey State of Florida, which tthey cat fund only covers Florida, as you know. So, we've taken multiple steps to evolve our reinsurance program as we've expanded outside of Florida, and it's a really robust excellent program. Samir Khare Okay. And sorry that 45% that you're just talking about, you're not replacing that for ttheir upcoming renewal? John Forney We're replacing it with capacity that covers all of our states, rattheyr than Florida-specific capacity. Samir Khare Got it. Okay. And just on tthey quota share, I'm just looking at tthey ceded premium that you guys reported ttheyre. I think you guys previously said that tthey quota share premium, which kind of modeled about 17% to 18% of tthey total homeowners premium and that would represent United P&C premium, subject premium? Is that a good way to model it going forward? It seems to come in at more like 12%, 13% for tthey quarter. Just trying to figure out a run rate going forward? Brad Martz Well, you got to remember ttheyre's a cat allowance that is -- makes ttheir a net quota share, so you got to deduct that first. That's probably tthey piece you're missing. So, you first take out that 70% of tthey actual tthey UPC amount and that's how tthey math works. John Forney Yes, tthey quota share is ceding 20% of UPC, net of a 30% cat allowance. Does that make sense? Samir Khare Yes, it does. And I think you guys maybe touctheyd on ttheir a little bit, but I just want to make sure I understood. Tthey amortization expense comes in through G&A, and tthey policy acquisition costs are not offset by any ceding commission because it comes into tthey ottheyr revenue line, correct? John Forney Right. Samir Khare So, I guess my question is policy acquisition costs as a percentage of gross written premium was about 19.5% ttheir quarter and I'm struggling to figure out how high are tthey commissions outside Florida such as it's already creeping that high? Brad Martz I can tell you tthey agent commission and incentive expenses. I'll reconcile tthey 19.5% for you. It's 13.9% for agent commissions and incentives; 2.6% for policy administration, which is our policy administration systems; premium taxes are 2.7%, ttheir is all gross earned premium; and all ottheyr pack, which is certain cost of various included premiums were three tenths of a point. So ttheyre's your 19.5%. Tthey call it 14% for agent commission is about wtheyre we would expect it to be long-term. 15% is sort of a standard commission in most places. Florida is obviously lower than that. Some states like in tthey Norttheyast are higtheyr than that, but I think we're getting to tthey point wtheyre tthey book and that number should be far more stable going forward. Samir Khare Okay. And ttheyn you guys saw considerable growth in tthey Norttheyast. What's tthey initiative ttheyre? What's tthey push ttheyre? John Forney Remember, Samir, that ttheir is tthey -- Q1 last year did not have Interboro in it. Samir Khare Got it, that makes sense. And ttheyn can you -- I don't know if you call ttheir utterly but what were tthey onetime expenses that you guys incurred in relation to tthey ACIC acquisition? Brad Martz Ttheyy're minor. Just printing and postage and legal and accounting. Samir Khare Okay, that's it from me. Thanks guys. John Forney Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please proceed. Greg Peters Good morning guys. Sorry, I missed part of tthey call. So, if I ask a question that's already been answered, I apologize up front. Have you talked about what type of merger-related expenses might flow through tthey second quarter result? I think I theyard you talk about cat losses in tthey second quarter, so I thought about asking about merger expenses. John Forney Most of tthey merger-related expenses will flow through tthey second quarter. That's correct. We don't have an exact number for you right now, but ttheyy'll be significant. Greg Peters So, wtheyn you report your second quarter results, I presume that you're going to one, call out and identify tthey amortization expense, tthey cat expense, and ttheyn tthey one-time merger expenses, correct? John Forney We will be very explicit in that. Greg Peters Perfect. Thank you. Have you -- in your -- have you talked about tthey underwriting results by state? Or in anottheyr -- asking in anottheyr way, are certain states more problematic than ottheyrs? And can you give us a sense of how tthey book is performing in that regard? John Forney Sure. We have talked a little bit about underwriting results by state. And I don't know if you were on tthey call wtheyn we talked about we have three states wtheyre -- two states wtheyre we received approval for rate increases Q1, one state wtheyre we filed for rate increases and three more pending in Q2 that togettheyr comprise over 70% of our book. So, we have active rate management initiatives in process everywtheyre. But tthey bottom-line is all of our regions were Florida, Souttheyast, Gulf, and Norttheyast were profitable, ex cat Q1. Tthey only of those that was not profitable after factoring cat was Florida. We had $4 million of cat losses in Florida in addition to tthey non-cat stuff, which put -- made Florida unprofitable Q1 but tthey ottheyr states even with cat were all solidly profitable Q1. So, we don't see any real signs of distress anywtheyre. Tthey ongoing kitty cat, especially Q1, Q2, have been problematic tthey last couple of years for sure, and we're taking actions to make sure that we're staying atheyad of tthey curve. Greg Peters So, wtheyn you comment about tthey rate increase, tthey amount of rate increase that you're going to push through ttheyse different states, do you expect that it's going to be somewhat disruptive to your -- if you will, your renewal block? Or is it your actions consistent with what you're seeing ottheyr players in tthey market in those states do? John Forney We always want to be competitive, but we never lead with price. As you know, Greg, we have a value proposition that's based on five different foundations, starting with financial stability, tthey second is great products, tthey third is great claim service, tthey fourth is ease of doing business, and tthey fifth is fair pricing. So, we've never been a market leader in terms of price. That's never been our value proposition. And so we do not think that tthey level of rate increases that we're putting through will negatively impact our market position, given tthey mind share that we have with agents across our geographic footprint. Greg Peters Okay. I'll just ask two more questions. First, can you speak to your relationships with your distribution partners, Allstate and GEICO? And can you talk about how those relationships are progressing? And ttheyn I'll follow up with a question on reinsurance. John Forney Sure, two words with regard to those relationships: strong and stronger. Ttheyy're very good partners for us. Ttheyir books produce great results. Ttheyy're happy with tthey partnership and so are we, both are growing. Greg Peters Okay. And ttheyn can you remind us of your targeted reinsurance savings you expect to generate ttheir year on tthey combined entity? And did you disclose how much total limit you intend to buy for ttheir cat season?  Brad Martz Greg, ttheir is Brad. We have not -- I mentioned that we would -- an 8-K would be forthcoming as soon as we complete tthey contracting phase. We have bound all tthey coverage, so we know we're going to purchase close to $2.8 billion worth of limit. I can't answer that. Tthey reinsurance synergies disclosed last year were $20 million and those will be easily achieved. Greg Peters And wtheyn you say $2.8 billion worth of limit, what is that on a one in 100 year, one in 200 year, what kind of -- how does that sort of benchmark? John Forney It depends on what model you use. As always, ttheyre's wide variation in tthey models. But tthey model view of that is some model view is above one in 400. We buy our typical model view that we've used tthey last few years. We've been almost at one in 200 tthey last few years, and ttheir is well above that. Greg Peters What does a one in 400-year event look like? I've never theyard a thing. John Forney We don't know and hope not to find out. Brad Martz It looks like UPC being tthey last man standing, that's what it looks like. Greg Peters Perfect. Thanks for tthey answers guys. John Forney Thank you, Greg. Operator I would now like to turn tthey floor back over to management for closing comments. John Forney As always, we appreciate tthey confidence and support of our investors and shareholders. We're working hard every single day to try to continue to grow our company and produce bottom-line results that are going to give you great returns in tthey long run. As you know, we're all in ttheir togettheyr. Management and tthey Board, especially with tthey addition of American Coastal shareholders, own a significant portion of ttheir company. So, our interest are completely aligned with yours and we'll work hard every day to make sure we advance those interests. So, thanks again for your time and your interest in our company. At ttheir point, we'll conclude tthey call. Operator Ttheir concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time.