United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 2, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Karin Daly - Investor Relations & Vice President, Equity Group Daniel Peed - Chairman of tthey Board & Chief Executive Officer Bennett Bradford Martz - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey United Insurance Holdings Corp. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Please note ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now turn tthey conference call over to Karin Daly United Insurance Holdings Corp. Investor Relations representative and Vice President at tthey Equity Group. You may begin Karin. Karin Daly Thank you, Kevin, and good afternoon, everyone. UPC Insurance has also made ttheir broadcast available on its website at www.upcinsurance.com. A replay will be available for approximately 30 days following tthey call. Additionally, you can find copies of UPC's earnings release and presentation in tthey Investors section of tthey company's website. Speaking today will be Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer, R. Daniel Peed; and President and Chief Financial Officer, Bennett Bradford Martz. On behalf of tthey company, I'd like to note that statements made during ttheir call that are not theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements. Tthey company believes ttheyse statements are based on reasonable estimates, assumptions and plans. However, if ttheyse estimates, assumptions or plans underlying tthey forward-looking statements prove inaccurate, or if ottheyr risks or uncertainties arise, actual results could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially may be found in tthey company's filings with tthey US Securities and Exchange Commission in tthey Risk Factors section on ttheyir most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements speak only as of tthey date on which ttheyy are made and except as required by applicable law, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. With that, it's my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Mr. Daniel Peed. Dan, you may begin.  Daniel Peed Thanks, Karin. Hello and thanks for joining us on our fourth quarter earnings call. I'm Dan Peed, Chairman and CEO of United Insurance Holdings Corp. I'm planning to overview tthey continuing withdrawal from personal lines; ttheyn focus on tthey operating results in our commercial lines business. Brad Martz will ttheyn touch on our corporate activities and results at UIHC, as well as provide some information on our cat reinsurance tower. Over tthey last two years, we've been exiting UPC's personal lines business. First through tthey sale of renewal rights in tthey norttheyast at tthey end of 2020, ttheyn tthey sale of tthey renewal rights in tthey souttheyast at tthey end of 2021; and finally, in August of 2022, we announced tthey plan of withdrawal of UPC personal lines in tthey remaining states of Florida, Texas, Louisiana and New York. Throughout ttheir time, we worked closely with tthey Florida OIR and our ottheyr regulators. In mid-November we amended our plan of withdrawal due to severe losses incurred in hurricanes Ian and Bradley, combined with emergency orders which prohibited non-renewals. In early December, we entered into administrative supervision with tthey OIR, including a requirement to continue looking for a carrier that could offer replacement policies for some or all of our policyholders. As a subsequent event and effective February 1, 2023, with tthey approval of tthey Office of Insurance Regulation, we entered into an agreement with Slide Insurance company to offer at least 72,000 policyholders a replacement policy, which will be furttheyr described in Brad's remarks. Due to our year-end review, in February, our gross loss estimate from Hurricane Ian increased, which resulted in tthey Ian UPC loss exceeding tthey UPC reinsurance limits available. And on February 27, United P&C Insurance Company was placed in receivership with tthey Florida Department of Financial Services. Brad will provide more information and we have provided unaudited pro forma financials as of December 31 in tthey investor supplement to theylp describe tthey resulting deconsolidated United Insurance Holdings Corp. financials. I'd like to turn now to tthey ongoing operations of our commercial lines business written in American Coastal Insurance Company. Results are broken out for personal lines and commercial lines in our earnings release as well as in tthey investor supplement. First, a brief description of tthey underwriting metrics for commercial lines. We continue to reduce tthey PML to premium ratio by over 20% per year. We are executing on our plan to reduce PML exposure between 10% to 20% by peak hurricane season 2023. Tthey average risk-adjusted rate was up over 40% in Q4 to tthey higtheyst ttheyy've been in 15 years and rates continued to accelerate even furttheyr in 2023. Tthey average building valuation was up 11% year-over-year. Tthey average hurricane deductible increased from 4.3% to 5.0% year-over-year across tthey portfolio and retention rates remained in tthey 80% though -- in tthey '80s. Results are furttheyr described in our earnings release and investor supplement but I'd like to point out key performance indicators in our commercial lines business. Pre-tax earnings were $3.7 million for tthey fourth quarter and $35.8 million for tthey year. Pre-tax earnings for 2022, excluding Ian losses, would have been $79.2 million. Gross written premium for tthey quarter was $122 million, up 30.4%. Gross written premium for tthey year was $508 million, up 20.4%. Tthey combined ratio for tthey quarter was 89.5% with an underlying combined ratio of 68.5%. Tthey underlying combined ratio reflects 3.9% of favorable prior year development and 24.9% of cat losses. Tthey combined ratio for tthey year was 83% with an underlying combined ratio of 66.8%. Tthey underlying combined ratio reflects a 3.6% favorable prior year development and 19.8% for cat losses including Hurricane Ian, one of tthey most costly hurricanes to ever hit Florida. We were deeply disappointed with tthey fourth quarter developments that ultimately resulted in receivership of United P&C working diligently with tthey ottheyr financial services to support policyholders and complete tthey separation and runoff of UPC. Forward, we are mostly a specialty commercial lines business, which we expect will reflect tthey strong theirtorical performance of American Coastal. American Coastal has a high-quality portfolio with a proven track record since its inception 15 years ago. With an underlying combined ratio below 70%, tthey portfolio is designed to be able to absorb tthey expected Florida catastropthey losses while continuing to yield an underwriting profit. Tthey Florida cat market is significantly harder than it was in 2006 and 2007, and remains as hard as it has been in over 20 years. While ttheir creates challenges, including cat reinsurance placements, it also creates excellent opportunities for both reinsurers and insurers to improve pricing and tthey quality of tthey portfolio. I expect ttheyse market conditions to continue to be hard for at least tthey foreseeable future. With that I'll turn it over to Brad Martz. Bennett Bradford Martz Thank you, Dan and theyllo. Ttheir is Brad Martz, tthey President and CFO of UIHC. I'm pleased to review our financial results but encourage everyone to review tthey company's press release, investor presentation, and Form 10-K for more information regarding our performance. Tthey quarter ending December 31st, 2022 included a GAAP net loss of $294.9 million or $6.84 a share versus tthey net loss of $2.3 million or $0.05 a share last year and a core loss of $273 million or $6.33 a share compared to a core loss of $1 million or $0.02 a share in tthey prior year. Page four of our investor presentation summarizes our results for tthey quarter and included $196.6 million of net retained catastropthey losses and $58.9 million of prior year reserve development. Tthey significant increase in net loss and loss adjustment expense year-over-year was primarily driven by a re-estimation of ultimate loss liabilities across all companies and all accident years to fully align UIHC with its independent actuarial firm for both cat and non-cat losses at year-end. Page five of our investor presentation breaks down our results by segment and indicates most of our losses were incurred in personal lines. But commercial lines did incur approximately $16 million of net losses related to current accident year catastroptheys as well as about $8 million worth of reserve strengttheyning for non-cat losses, but despite that it was still profitable as Dan mentioned. Our current accident year cat loss for tthey fourth quarter included $29 million from PCS events and approximately $160 million related to net development on Hurricane Ian and approximately $8 million for Hurricane Bradley net of reinsurance. Our gross loss estimated from Hurricane Ian moved from $1 billion at September 30th to $1.54 billion at year-end causing our former affiliate United Property & Casualty Insurance Company also known as United P&C or UPC to exhaust all its reinsurance protection specifically for Ian. As a result United P&C's net retained losses exceeded its policyholder surplus as of December 31st and it was put into receivership with tthey Florida Department of Financial Services effective February 27th, 2023. While ttheir was clearly not tthey result anyone was hoping for, it does bring closure to what was ottheyrwise likely to be a long and challenging runoff process for our primary underwriter of personal lines business. United P&C's receivership basically means UIHC has divested its ownership and control of ttheir entity and will be consolidated from UIHC's consolidated financial statements at tthey end of February 2023. Pages seven and eight of our investor presentation include pro forma information showing what UIHC's results would have looked like if UIHC deconsolidated UPC from its results at year-end. While ttheir information is unaudited and subject to change until our Form 10-K is filed, it does theylp make sense of our year-end numbers and shows what UIHC will look like without United P&C going forward with just American Coastal in Commercial Lines and Interboro Insurance company in Personal Lines. Page 9 of our investor presentation shows tthey 2022-2023 core catastropthey reinsurance program still in force for American Coastal. After increasing American Coastal's Ian loss for our Commercial Lines segment to $680 million during tthey quarter, American Coastal still had over $500 million of limit remaining from tthey Florida Hurricane Catastropthey Fund placed at 90%. Ttheir means that American Coastal has exposure to a 10% co-participation on future adverse development until tthey Florida hurricane catastropthey fund limit is exhausted, but we believe it's more likely that American Coastal's Ian loss will actually come in under $680 million resulting in favorable development and reducing net losses incurred in future periods. American Coastal's aggregate limit remaining for subsequent events is approximately $980 million which provides nice context regarding tthey reinsurance protection remaining immediately after Ian. As Dan mentioned effective February 1, we entered and completed a transaction with Slide Insurance Company. Ttheir transaction resulted in an asset purchase and services agreement with our wholly-owned MGA United Insurance Management, which is expected to provide fee income equal to 2% of gross premiums earned of tthey UPC policies renewed by Slide in exchange for intellectual property and data plus tthey reimbursement of costs associated with servicing ttheir business such as salaries and system-related expenses. Ttheir will theylp with unrestricted cash flow by leveraging our people and technology to realize some service fee income in future periods. As a result of tthey events occurring after year end, UIHC also incurred several nonrecurring charges in tthey fourth quarter including a $23 million impairment loss related to United PNC's investment portfolio, a $20 million write-down of deferred acquisition costs related to United PNC's unearned premium that will not be earned in future periods as well as tthey disposal of approximately $3 million of intangible assets that no longer theyld any value at year end. Well ttheyre will still be some noise from United PNC's business from January and February of 2023 included in our Q1 results we believe a new era of profitability and stability has finally arrived. Tthey primary risks at ttheir stage entail working with tthey Florida Department of Financial Services to fully separate our continuing business and getting our core cat reinsurance renewal completed on or before June 1 of ttheir year. That concludes our prepared remarks and we thank you for your continued interest in UIHC.  Daniel Peed Thank you. You may now disconnect. Question-and-Answer Session End of Q&A