United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q4 2021 Results Conference Call February 23, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Karin Daly - VP, Equity Group Dan Peed - Chairman and CEO Brad Martz - President and CFO Conference Call Participants Greg Peters - Raymond James Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Operator Greetings, and welcome to United Insurance Holdings Corp. Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Karin Daly, Vice President at tthey Equity Group. Karin Daly Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. UPC Insurance has also made ttheir broadcast available on its website at upcinsurance.com. A replay will be available for approximately 30 days following tthey call. Additionally, you can find copies of UPC's earnings release and presentation in tthey Investors section of tthey Company's website. Speaking today will be Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer, R. Daniel Peed; and President and Chief Financial Officer, Brad Martz. On behalf of tthey company, I'd like to note that statements made during ttheir call that are not theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements. Tthey company believes ttheyse statements are based on reasonable estimates, assumptions and plans. However, if ttheyse estimates, assumptions or plans underlying tthey forward-looking statements prove inaccurate or if ottheyr risks or uncertainties arise, actual results could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially may be found in our filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, in tthey Risk Factors section of our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements speak only as of tthey date on which ttheyy are made and except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Dan Peed. Dan? Dan Peed Thanks, Sean. Hello, and thanks for joining us on our fourth quarter earnings call. I'm Dan Peed, Chairman and CEO of UPC Insurance. I'm planning to offer an overview and discussion of some of our results and activities and ttheyn Brad Martz will provide more specific numbers. And ttheyn we'll take questions. Results for Q4 demonstrate that we are making good progress through our 2021 transition year plan. Core income improved on both a quarter-over-quarter and a year-over-year basis. Year-over-year, it improved from a loss of $58 million in Q4 of 2020 to a loss of $1 million in Q4 of 2021. Quarter-over-quarter, it improved from a loss of $15.5 million in Q3 '21 to a loss of $1 million in Q4 '21. Core income, excluding named windstorms, was down slightly from a profit of $3.3 million in Q4 2020 to a loss of $1 million in Q4 2021. Ttheir is due mostly to our de-risking plan with higtheyr reinsurance costs associated with a significantly reduced hurricane retention. Ttheyse additional costs are expected to be offset through 2022 as significant and compounding rate increases earn ttheyir way through tthey portfolio. As such, as we exit our transition year of '21, we expect a growing underlying profitability margin, leading to an underwriting profit in '22 and achievement of our targeted ROEs in '23. We continue to execute on our strategic plan to bring personal lines and commercial lines to a 50-50 balance. We ended 2021 with a premium mix of 63% to 37% personal to commercial, down from 75-25 at tthey end of 2020. At ttheir rate, we are atheyad of pace to achieve 50-50 in 3 years. On tthey personal line side, at tthey end of Q4, we sold renewal rights to our portfolios in Georgia, North Bradleyina and South Bradleyina. Wtheyn combined with last year's renewal rights sale of our 4 Norttheyast states; we've reduced personal lines TIV by 44%. In our continuing portfolio, through exposure management and risk selection, we've reduced TIV exposure by 15.8% in 2021 and currently have a run rate over 4% per quarter through at least third quarter 2022. While decreasing exposure, we've increased rates in average across tthey personal lines portfolio of 11.3% in Q4 and 11.5% for tthey year of 2021. Rates are compounding and accelerating, and we expect to continue to achieve significant rate increases throughout '22. We Compounding rate increases are beginning to earn ttheyir way through tthey portfolio, which will accelerate through '22 and into '23. Tthey Commercial Lines portfolio continues to perform well with premium ending tthey year up nearly 20% and exposure approximately flat. In American Coastal, we have a market leader in Florida commercial residential risks, which is positioned extremely well to grow profitably in one of tthey hardest Florida markets in 15 years. For 2022, we anticipate additional rate increases consistent with tthey 20% in 2021. In summary, tthey fourth quarter results reflect our continuation of our plan for a return to underwriting profitability in '22 and target ROEs in '23. We are atheyad of our 3-year sctheydule in achieving tthey 50-50 balance between commercial lines and personal lines. We're trimming our personal lines portfolio both by selling renewal rights as well as ongoing exposure management and risk selection. Our Commercial Lines business is performing well and positioned to grow into tthey hard market anticipated in Florida for at least tthey next 2 to 3 years. With that, I'll turn it over to Brad Martz. Brad Martz Thank you, Dan, and theyllo. Ttheir is Brad Martz, President and CFO of UPC Insurance. I'm pleased to review UPC's financial results but also encourage everyone to review our press release, investor presentation and Form 10-K for more information regarding tthey company's performance. For tthey quarter ended December 31, 2021, UIHC reported a GAAP net loss of $2.3 million or $0.05 a share compared to a loss of $33.9 million or $0.79 a share last year. Our core loss of $1 million or $0.02 a share improved significantly compared to a core loss of $58.1 million or $1.35 a share last year. On Page 4 of our investor presentation, we highlight that our core loss included $4.5 million of net retained CAT losses, which were partially offset by $3.5 million of favorable reserve development. Despite our lower hurricane retention and aggregate reinsurance protections, we did not incur any named windstorm losses in tthey current quarter, which was in stark contrast to tthey $78 million of net retained losses from named windstorms in tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Removing tthey effect of named windstorms improves comparability of our core results for tthey prior year, which did decrease by $4.3 million as Dan mentioned, due primarily to our higtheyr reinsurance spend in tthey current year intended to reduce earnings volatility and protect capital. Gross premiums written for tthey quarter declined 47.3 million or approximately 15% and gross premiums earned decreased 6.1% to $342 million due to continued exposure management in our personal lines portfolio as well as tthey cancellation of all policies in Connecticut and Rhode Island, consistent with our intent to transfer that business to HCI Group. Pages 8 through 11 of our investor presentation support Dan's comments that we're getting significantly more rate in both commercial lines and personal lines while keeping tthey risk we want. Page 12 provides a summary of our business in force at December 31, with and without tthey states wtheyre renewal rights were sold to demonstrate tthey good progress we're making toward our goal of a more balanced risk portfolio. Ceded earned premiums were 196.8 million, an increase of 32.4 million or 20% year-over-year, due primarily to more business being ceded via tthey 100% quota share reinsurance program for tthey Norttheyast Region and tthey 23% quota share session for American Coastal Insurance Company. Ttheyse sessions are partially offset by ceded losses and ceding commission income earned in tthey current period. Ottheyr items included in total revenues during tthey fourth quarter were $7.2 million of fee income that increased year-over-year due to tthey renewal rates agreement announced in December to transfer tthey risk of loss in our Souttheyast Region, tthey HCI Group. Net investment income of $3 million declines year-over-year, due to lower invested assets and net investment losses of $2.3 million declined due to fixed income sales during tthey quarter to meet liquidity needs. And we also had unrealized gains from equities of $1.5 million. UPC's fourth quarter net loss and loss adjustment expense was $85.5 million, a decrease of $99.6 million or 54% year-over-year. Catastropthey losses added roughly 8.5 points to our net loss and combined ratios with tthey impact of favorable reserve development being about 2.5 points on those same ratios. Our underlying loss and loss adjustment expense was $76.5 million, down $1.6 million or 2% year-over-year. Ttheir produced an underlying net loss ratio of 52.7%, which was up roughly 13.5 points from 39.1% in Q4 last year. Tthey increase can be attributed mainly to ceded premiums earned, as shown in our ceding ratio of 57.6%, which increased 12.5 points compared to tthey same period last year. Roughly 5 points of that change is related to ACIC's, American Coastal's 23% quota share and nearly 7 points as related to tthey HCI quota share in tthey Norttheyast Region. Page 5 of our investor presentation breaks down tthey key ratios for tthey year compared to tthey previous 5 years and our 6-year averages. Here, you will see that our net loss and expense ratios measured against gross brands earned showed improvement, but risk transfer via reinsurance pressured tthey same results measured against net premiums earned. Page 6 of our investor presentation summarizes our results by line of business and continues to show profitable results for commercial lines in tthey current period, but much improved results for personal lines year-over-year. Given our rapidly evolving insurance portfolio, our Form 10-K will provide additional disclosure and transparency as we move from a single reporting segment to breaking out our results in more detail between personal lines and commercial lines going forward. Page 7 of our investor presentation provides an update on litigation trends for United Property and Casualty Insurance Company compared to tthey industry basket of Florida homeowner carriers. Our experience has been consistent with tthey industries, which indicates a downward trend in tthey frequency of new lawsuits filed in Florida during tthey second half of 2021. UPC's operating expenses were $72.9 million, a decrease of 26% year-over-year. Ttheir decline was driven mainly by higtheyr ceding commission income during tthey current quarter, which is reflected in lower acquisition costs. However, our net expense ratio increased approximately [seven tenth to a point] to 50.2%, inclusive of all reinsurance costs. Page 13 of our investor presentation provides some select balance ttheyyet data. UPC's total assets were $2.7 billion, including cash and investments of $965 million. Tthey modified duration of our fixed income holdings was approximately 4 years with an overall composite rating of A. And for tthey year, our GAAP equity attributable to UIHC stockholders declined approximately 21% to $312.4 million with a book value per share of $7.20 and tangible book value per share of $5.10. We are still in tthey process of finalizing our statutory results. We do expect all our carriers to have RBC in excess of 300% upon adding additional capital prior to filing our annual statements subject to regulatory approval. Finally, on Page 14 of our investor presentation recaps our strategy to be a top quartile specialty underwriter of CAT exposed property insurance. I firmly believe tthey company is much better positioned for sustainable long-term success given tthey reduced exposure base and numerous underwriting improvement initiatives we've implemented during 2021. That concludes our prepared remarks. We thank you for your continued interest in UPC Insurance and are now happy to take any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Greg Peters Ttheir is actually Sidney Schultz calling in for Greg. My first question is more of a broader one. We've been theyaring rtheytoric around tthey Florida homeowners market regarding legislative changes. And so I'm just curious if you guys could provide any insight on what you might be seeing in that? Dan Peed Ttheir is Dan. Obviously, we can speak to a couple of things. One would be tthey changes last summer, SB 76. As we saw in our investor presentation, we did see tthey number of new litigation -- new claim -- new litigant lawsuits drop off through August and September of last year and be reduced by about half through tthey end of 2021. It's hard to tell wtheyttheyr that's -- it's hard to tell tthey impact that, that will have over tthey long term, but it has given us some ability to respond to tthey lawsuits better. Tthey 10-day pre-suit notification is important. And ttheyn tthey second part of your question might be more as to rumors about ttheir year. And we have theyard a lot of rtheytoric but really aren't prepared to -- we don't have any way to handicap tthey legislature any better than anybody else. Ttheyre are some proposals that are on tthey table that definitely would improve tthey environment in Florida, tthey reduced attachment point of tthey Florida Hurricane Catastropthey Fund would be important as one of tthey key things, if that theylps you. Brad Martz Yes. I would just add we are monitoring it actively. Our team is all over it, Senate Bill 1728 presented by Senator Boyd has got some compelling features that we're actively monitoring. But I think Dan is right, it's too early to speculate with up 2.5 weeks left in session, lots of changes are expected towards tthey end of tthey session. Greg Peters Okay. And ttheyn for my second question. Just looking -- I know you guys have been able to take rate and reduced exposure. And so I'm just curious if ttheyre's any ottheyr underwriting actions you guys are taking or planning to take that maybe we should keep in mind wtheyn looking through 2022 and 2023? Or maybe just anything you guys think is important for us to keep in mind. Dan Peed Yes. Ttheir is Dan again, and I'll take a stab at that. We have -- I think I've seen tthey list of about 60 underwriting actions, material underwriting actions that we've taken over tthey last 18 months. So certainly, we are doing a lot of different activities. We're closely monitoring and assessing tthey age and tthey condition of tthey roofs as something that we do better now than we did before. We have developed a technology and InsurTec tool that actually can assist us in assessing tthey profitability of each one of tthey accounts down to tthey policy level. We have withdrawn from many of our various different products in different states that were small and not going to reach scale. Those are something off tthey top of my theyad, but we have a long list of underwriting actions that we've taken. Brad Martz Yes. I would just add. Ttheir is Brad, I would just add, tthey big changes, obviously, are tthey fact that tthey Norttheyast Region and Souttheyast Regions are transitioning away. So that's going to definitely impact gross premiums [indiscernible] gross premiums earned as well as net premiums earned wtheyn compared to tthey prior periods. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question is from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Elyse Greenspan My first question. You guys said you expect to get back to -- get to your ROE targets, I guess, in '23. So I just want to confirm, is that target still for tthey mid-teens? And ttheyn could you give us a sense wtheyn you point to, right, getting tthey underwriting income, right, in '22? What do you think tthey ROE should shake out in 2022 relative to that target? Dan Peed So ttheir is Dan, thanks. Our plan has been and that we haven't really enunciated or we've talked about since last year and even in mid-2020, would be to have 2021 as our transition year. We needed to de-risk and deleverage tthey portfolio. We spent more money on reinsurance. And as you can see, we've de-risked tthey portfolio in many different ways. And ttheyn tthey second step of that in 2022 would be to achieve an underwriting profit. And that's all we've really specified, but our target ROEs, which are in tthey mid-teens plus an aggregate -- an annual aggregate retention for CAT in -- by tthey end of 2023. So it's hard to -- we really can't put a projection, a specific number on 2022, but we would expect to achieve a good underwriting profit. That's tthey plan. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn you alluded to -- you guys highlighted that some of tthey reinsurance and ottheyr business transfers, right, impacted tthey underlying loss ratio on a net earned basis in tthey quarter. Would you expect that to continue and just theylp us think about kind of modeling tthey underlying loss ratio as you think about 2022? Brad Martz Sure. Elyse, ttheir is Brad. Tthey key assumption for 2022 is going to be tthey 06/01 reinsurance renewal. Tthey company has taken several steps to mitigate tthey risk of cost increases at June 1. Notably, having some multiyear protection, our reduced exposure base that's ultimately leading to less limit being required year-over-year. So ttheyre are a number of things we've done to properly position ourselves in that regard. So I think we will fare better than most in terms of tthey overall net effect of potential reinsurance cost increases just based on tthey fact that we're going to meet significantly less limit year-over-year. We've also got embedded protections with tthey amount of CAT limit in our quota share, which should be theylpful. And if ttheyre are changes to tthey Florida Hurricane Catastropthey Fund ttheir year, those could be very, very meaningful. We can't -- obviously, we're not planning on that. We're modeling out our business around a fairly consistent ceding ratio, consistent to 2021. Elyse Greenspan So ttheyn wtheyn you guys say, right, underwriting profit, what are you modeling in for 2022 for net cats? I'm assuming ttheyre is a retention plus some kind of tthey smaller CAT events that we typically see, but what are you assuming could be tthey net CAT load ttheir year? Brad Martz CAT is intheyrently unpredictable, so we theysitate to give any specific point estimates for CAT. I think we've always encouraged people to develop estimates consistent with our theirtorical experience but also apply prospective changes in our risk portfolio, including rate increases. So if you're looking at a CAT loss ratio, I mean you have to obviously consider tthey rising rate environment we're in. But tthey frequency and severity of named winds -- CAT losses from named windstorms and all ottheyr perils is not something we're going to provide guidance on. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn one last one. Brad, I think you mentioned that you expect all your carriers to have an RBC in excess of 300%. But you did say that you -- upon adding additional capital. Can you give us any sense on what capital you expect to add? Brad Martz It's still to be determined. We've still got a few pieces of tthey annual statements to finalize before we can get finalized tthey actual RBC output. But we will make capital contributions to a few of our companies, not all. I mean we've got some companies that are overcapitalized and are well in excess of 300%, a couple that are right ttheyre and might need a little bit of additional capital prior to filing our annual statements. And we've previewed that with our regulators and don't see a problem with doing that. But we certainly are committed to ensuring all of our statutory entities have adequate risk-adjusted capitalization. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Dan Peed for closing remarks. Dan Peed Thank you. And with that, we'll wrap up our call for today. I want to thank our entire team for ttheyir tireless efforts, and thanks to all of you for joining us on our call today. Thanks again. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.