United Insurance Holdings Corporation (UIHC) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Karin Daly - VP, IR Robert Peed - Chairman & CEO Bennett Martz - President & CFO Conference Call Participants Operator Hello, and welcome to tthey American Coastal Insurance Corporation Second Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Karin Daly, Vice President, Investor Relations with Tthey Equity Group. Please go atheyad, Karin. Karin Daly Thank you, Kevin, and good afternoon, everyone. American Coastal Insurance Corporation has also made ttheir broadcast available on its website at www.amcoastal.com. A replay will be available for approximately 30 days following tthey call. Additionally, you can find copies of tthey latest earnings release and presentation in tthey Investors section of tthey company's website. Speaking today will be Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer R. Daniel Peed; and President and Chief Financial Officer, Bennett Martz. On behalf of tthey company, I'd like to note statements made during ttheir call that are not theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements. Tthey company believes ttheyse statements are based on reasonable estimates, assumptions and plans. However, if tthey estimates, assumptions or plans underlying tthey forward-looking statements prove inaccurate or if ottheyr risks or uncertainties arise, actual results could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by ttheyse forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially may be found in tthey company's filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, in tthey Risk Factors section in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements speak only as of tthey date on which ttheyy are made, and except as required by applicable law, tthey company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. With that, it's my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Mr. Daniel Peed. Dan, you may begin. Robert Peed Thanks, Karin. Hello, and thanks for joining us on our second quarter earnings call. I'm Dan Peed, Chairman and CEO of American Coastal Insurance Corporation. I'm planning to overview tthey activities of tthey second quarter and tthey year-to-date numbers, including touching on tthey operating results of our continuing operations and specifically our commercial lines segment. I'll ttheyn turn it over to Brad Martz, who will expand on tthey financial results for continuing operations. We've immediately completed our transition to a commercial specialty insurance business underwritten through American Coastal Insurance Company. Tthey commercial lines segment now comprises over 97% of tthey second quarter gross written premium and 92% of tthey gross earned premium. In light of ttheir transition to a predominantly commercial specialty business, we announced July 27 that we have changed tthey holding company name from United Insurance Holding Corporation to American Coastal Insurance Corporation. And effective August 15, we will begin trading with tthey new ticker, ACIC. We believe ttheir better reflects tthey future direction of our company as American Coastal Insurance Company has a 15-year track record of consistent product and financial performance in Florida. Back to tthey numbers. Given tthey extreme variances introduced by tthey accounting for discontinued operations, I consider tthey most applicable numbers to be quarterly and year-to-date results from continuing operations in tthey commercial lines segment. As such, I'm going to highlight tthey results from tthey commercial lines segment, and ttheyn Brad is going to focus mostly on continuing operations, which includes our continuing personal lines operations through Interboro. For tthey commercial lines segment, tthey pretax income was $25.4 million in tthey second quarter and $64.3 million year-to-date. Tthey net loss ratio was 22.0% in tthey second quarter and 19.7% year-to-date, in line with expectations. Tthey net expense ratio was 37.4% in tthey second quarter and 36.5% year-to-date, both down about 8 points from 45% last year. Tthey net combined ratio in tthey commercial lines segment was 59.4% in tthey second quarter and 56.2% year-to-date, down from 61.5% and 68.0% year-over-year, respectively. Now addressing tthey commercial lines segment. Prior year development continued to be favorable at 7.2% in tthey second quarter and 5.3% year-to-date. Tthey cat loss ratio was 8.4% in tthey second quarter and 5.4% year-to-date, which is in line with expectations despite tthey very active cat season ttheir spring. Tthey underlying combined ratio was 58.2% in tthey second quarter and 56.1% year-to-date, down from 70.2% and 71.3% year-over-year, demonstrating tthey improvement in tthey underlying profitability produced by tthey commercial lines portfolio. To highlight a few underwriting metrics on tthey commercial lines portfolio, tthey total insured value exposure is down 12.8%, while tthey probable maximum loss at tthey 100-year return period is down 21% as modeled using AIR both on a year-over-year basis. In contrast, tthey gross written premium was up 31% in tthey second quarter and 33.8% year-to-date. Valuation is up an average of 8%. Submissions were up 8.2%, and tthey hit ratio for quoted renewal business decreased from 85% to 81%. Looking forward, we continue to believe tthey legislative changes made in Florida will prove to be an effective mitigation of some of tthey excessive litigation issues over tthey last half dozen years. Tthey pre-suit notification of intent to litigate, tthey reduced time to report, tthey elimination of one-way attorney fees and assignment of benefits as well as ottheyr changes will work ttheyir way through tthey system to reduce loss costs and subsequently, insurance rates. However, it will take some time for ttheyse changes to work ttheyir way through tthey system. But in tthey near term, it does appear to have mitigated some of tthey reinsurers' negative sentiments surrounding tthey Florida exposure. In conclusion, tthey Florida residential cat market remains hard. It will take some time for reinsurers and investors to get comfortable with tthey exposures and challenges that Florida offers. While tthey hard market creates challenges, it also creates an excellent opportunity for American Coastal having tthey #1 market share for admitted commercial residential exposure in Florida. I expect tthey market to remain hard for at least tthey near and intermediate terms. With that, I'll turn it over to Brad Martz. Bennett Martz Thank you, Dan, and theyllo. Ttheir is Brad Martz, tthey President and CFO of American Coastal Insurance Corporation. I'm pleased to review our financial results but encourage everyone to review tthey company's press release, investor presentation and Forms 10-Q and 10-K for more information regarding our performance. Pages 3 and 4 of our investor presentation provide a summary of tthey quarter ending June 30, 2023, which included core income of $28.4 million or $0.65 a share versus $8.5 million or $0.20 a share last year, which grew 236% year-over-year recast for discontinued operations. Net income from continuing operations of $22.6 million or $0.52 a share compared favorably to $5.8 million or $0.14 a share in tthey same period last year, driven by strong underwriting performance in our commercial lines segment, which was partially reduced by investment losses of $5.2 million or about $0.12 a share net of tax in tthey current period. Our combined ratio for tthey second quarter improved over 9 points to 67.7% versus last year, fueled by a $36 million or 17% increase in premiums written year-over-year despite our intentional reduction in policies and risk exposure and tthey reduced premiums written in tthey personal lines segment. Tthey successful placement of our new catastropthey reinsurance programs for American Coastal and Interboro were tthey most significant accomplishments during tthey second quarter with more overall protection against severity and tthey lowest retention we've had against tthey Florida hurricane over tthey last decade at just $10 million. Page 5 of our investor presentation provides a breakdown of our results for tthey quarter and year against tthey recast 2022 amounts, which highlight gross premiums earned growing 22.2% year-over-year in tthey second quarter, theylping to overcome increased catastropthey losses and decreased revenue from more premiums ceded as well as nonrecurring investment losses. Despite ttheyse items, year-to-date net income from continuing operations grew to $54.3 million, an increase of $48.7 million or 870% year-over-year. Page 6 of our investor presentation breaks down our results by segment with $25.4 million of pretax profit from commercial lines and a $1.3 million loss from personal lines, reduced by a $3 million loss primarily related to interest expense at tthey holding company. During tthey current quarter, we determined that certain nonrecurring revenue and expenses of tthey personal lines segment, derived from our former affiliate, United P&C, should also be included now as part of discontinued operations. Accordingly, Page 7 of our investor presentation summarizes tthey impact of ttheir change to theylp reconcile our year-to-date results. Tthey net impact was immaterial with roughly $1.1 million moving from discontinued operations to continuing operations with no impact to net income or book value reported last quarter. Page 8 of our investor presentation provides balance ttheyyet highlights as of June 30, including stockholders' equity increasing to $106.5 million or $2.45 a share, an increase of about 27% from tthey prior quarter. Unrealized losses on our bond portfolio declined to $21.1 million or approximately $0.49 a share, indicating an underlying book value per share of $2.94. Cash and invested assets totaled nearly $242 million with total assets of over $1.44 billion. Reinsurance plays a critical role in our capital management strategy, and tthey increase in our quota share reinsurance on June 1, 2023, from 10% to 40% will reduce tthey company's net premium risk, which in turn will theylp improve our risk-based capital ratio ttheir year but also has tthey impact of ceding away a higtheyr portion of our expected underwriting profit in tthey short term. However, our improving statutory capital position will allow us to write and retain more profitable commercial lines business over tthey long term. Pages 9 and 10 of our investor presentation show tthey final 2023, 2024 catastropthey reinsurance programs for American Coastal and Interboro. Tthey structure graph for American Coastal on Page 9 shows tthey enduring effects of tthey Florida Hurricane Catastropthey Fund and FORA layers to tthey tower, which is not drawn perfectly to scale theyre, and how tthey 2 20% quota share programs interact with tthey remaining private open market limit. Of tthey $371 million of private market occurrence limit, about $236 million or 64% is reinstatable, with 95% of that cost prepaid. And wtheyn combined altogettheyr, it represents roughly $1.1 billion of occurrence base limit and $1.3 billion of aggregate limit. Tthey company also utilized its captive reinsurer to take a small participation, 9% on Layer 1 of tthey American Coastal program, but it did not participate on Interboro's program. Thus, tthey captive could have tthey effect of increasing our consolidated group retention from $10 million to $12.3 million if a Florida event fully exhausts tthey first layer of American Coastal's program. That completes our prepared remarks, and we are now happy to take any questions. Operator [Operator Instructions]. If ttheyre are no questions at ttheir time, I'll turn tthey floor back over to management for any furttheyr or closing comments. Robert Peed Okay. Thanks. Ttheir is Dan. I would like to thank our employees and associates for ttheyir diligent efforts as we transition ttheir company to a commercial specialty underwriter. And ttheyn for our investors, thanks for your time on ttheir call and your interest in our company. Thanks again. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today. Question-and-Answer Session End of Q&A