United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 7, 2020 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Adam Prior - SVP, Tthey Equity Group, IR John Forney - CEO Brad Martz - CFO Conference Call Participants Greg Peters - Raymond James Bill Broomall - Dowling & Partners Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey United Insurance Holdings Corp., First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Adam Prior of Tthey Equity Group. Thank you, sir. You may begin. Adam Prior Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC's earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. In addition, tthey company has made an accompanying presentation available on its website. You're also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9606, and we would be happy to send you a copy. In addition, UPC insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its website as well. Before we get started, I'd like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends in tthey company's operations and financial results, and tthey business and tthey product of tthey company and its subsidiaries. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those results anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time to time in UPC's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future developments or ottheyrwise. With that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. John Forney, UPC's Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. John Forney Thanks, Adam. Ttheir is John Forney, President and CEO of UPC Insurance. With me today is Brad Martz, our Chief Financial Officer. On behalf of everyone at UPC, we appreciate you're taking time to join us on tthey call. As Adam said, we are now publishing an investor presentation, in conjunction with our earnings release. You can find it on our website and I encourage you to review it. While we will not be going slide by slide through that presentation on ttheir call, we will refer from time to time to some of tthey data and analytics included ttheyrein. We are off to a great start in 2020. Loss ratio, expense ratio, combined ratio, underlying combined ratio, you name it, ttheyy all improved, most of ttheym significantly, compared to last year's first quarter. Our core pretax income was over $13 million for tthey quarter, an increase of $9 million from a year ago, even though we retained $6 million more in cat losses ttheir year. So our ex-cat pretax core income was up about $15 million year over year. That's awesome, especially considering we ceded nothing to our cat ag treaty in Q1 ttheir year, meaning we have less chance of reporting phantom cat losses in Q3 and Q4. All things considered, ttheir was our best quarter since Q4 of 2017, which was by far tthey best quarter in tthey theirtory of tthey company. I said on our year-end earnings call that we were in a strong position entering 2020, and tthey positive underlying trends we were seeing ttheyn are playing out now. First rates;. Look at slide four of tthey investor presentation. We booked over $17 million of additional annual personal lines premium in Q1, which would translate to about $68 million additional premium for tthey full year. And tthey major rate increases in Florida are just beginning to show up in earned premium. For tthey quarter earned premium per policy, personal lines policy was up only about 2%, which means tthey bulk of tthey 10% in forced increase we saw in tthey quarter has not yet matured into our book. That bodes well for future quarters especially since retention remains strong. Second, reinsurance. We refer to slide seven in tthey investor presentation. We are one of tthey top 10 buyers of U.S. property cat reinsurance in tthey world with over $4 billion to place on our various programs. And we are 91% done with very manageable rate increases. Thanks to our many reinsurance partners with whom we enjoy win-win partnerships. Third, reserves. We thought we were taking material 2020 reserve development off tthey table by tthey actions we took in Q3 and Q4 last year and it still looks that way. Last year, $5.6 million of adverse development in Q1. Ttheir year, $1.1 million of favorable, and that's even considering tthey far more conservative reserving posture we have implemented ttheir year. Our reserves look very robust. Finally capital. Our capital position remains very strong. Given that we had a solid operating profit for tthey quarter, tthey decline in book value was solely due to tthey effects of accounting standards update 2016-01, tthey rule which caused companies to have to report unrealized gains or losses in equity securities as part of net income beginning in 2018. Warren Buffett has referred to ttheir rule as quote truly wild and capricious unquote. And as Berkshire said we are announcing $55 billion of investment losses in ttheir year's Q1. Quote tthey amount of investment gains losses in any given quarter is usually meaningless and delivers figures for net earnings per share that can be extremely misleading to investors unquote. If it is meaningless for a company whose business is investing, it is certainly meaningless for UPC, which holds only about 10% of our investment portfolio in equities. In any event, our portfolio has largely already recovered tthey paper losses it suffered in Q1 and our capital position is strong and stable. So we are sticking to our story. Our company is built-to-thrive in tthey currently challenging operating environment. We have de minimis exposure to COVID-19 claims. And since we are based in a cat prone state, we are well practiced in remote operations. Kudos to our technology team and all our UPC employees who have made tthey transition so seamless for us. Tthey rate, underwriting, technology and claims handling initiatives we have undertaken over tthey past 18 months or so are paying off. And tthey underlying positive trends in our business are accelerating. We look forward to tthey rest of tthey 2020. At ttheir point, I'd like to turn it over to Brad for their remarks. Brad Martz Thank you, John. Ttheir is Brad Martz, tthey CFO of UPC Insurance. I'm pleased to review UPC's financial results but also encourage everyone to review our press release, Form 10Q and investor presentation for more information regarding tthey company's performance. Highlights for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2020 include improvements in nearly all key operating metrics beginning with core income of $9.1 million or $0.21 a share compared to $3.2 million or $0.07 a share a year ago. Gross premiums earned were $344.6 million, an increase of $33 million or 11% year-over-year. Tthey combined ratio of 99% returned us to underwriting profitability and was nearly 5 point improvement year over year. Our underlying combined ratio of 90.7% also compares favorably to 94.2% last year. And improvements in our loss and expense ratios both on a gross and net basis, were very impressive ttheir period. Premiums written for tthey quarter increased approximately $17 million or 5.2% from a year ago driven by $14 million or 7% growth in personal lines and $12.4 million or 16% growth in commercial lines, both of which were partially offset by a decline of approximately $9.7 million in assumed E&S premiums. Florida accounted for approximately 69% of tthey growth in direct premiums year over year, with all regions outside Florida showing modest increases from a year ago. Ceded earned premiums were 44.4% of gross premiums earned compared to 42.1% last year. Ttheir change was due to tthey increased sessions to our quota share reinsurance program which were 12.4% of gross premiums earned in tthey current quarter compared to only 7.5% last year. Ottheyr significant items impacting total revenues during tthey first quarter included unrealized losses from equities of $26.5 million or approximately $0.50 a share after tax compared to a $10.2 million unrealized gain in tthey same period a year ago. Excluding tthey unrealized gains and losses on equities total revenues grew roughly 6% year over year. UPC's first quarter net loss and loss adjustment expense was $102.8 million a decrease of $1.7 million or 2%. UPC's gross loss ratio of 29.8% improved 3.7 points and tthey net loss ratio of 53.7% improved 4.1 points compared to tthey first quarter last year. Cat losses of $17.1 million added nearly 9 points to our net loss ratio which is partially offset by $1.1 million of favorable reserve development. Excluding ttheyse two items underlying loss in LAE was $86.8 million down approximately $400,000 from last year despite earned premiums increased in over $30 million. Ttheir resulted in an underlying gross loss ratio of 25.2%, which compared favorably to 28% a year ago. Ttheir improvement was primarily driven by lower frequency during tthey current quarter. UPC's operating expenses were $86.9 million, an increase of $3.8 million or 5% year-over-year. Tthey increase was driven primarily by policy acquisition costs which rose $3.6 million, commensurate with our premium growth in tthey quarter. Our gross expense ratio was 25.2%, an improvement of 1.4 points from tthey prior year. On tthey balance ttheyyet, UPC's total assets were $2.33 billion, including cash and invested assets of $1.28 billion. Our fixed maturities produced a positive total return for tthey quarter despite tthey significant widening of spreads on most risk assets in March. Tthey modified duration of our bond portfolio ticked up slightly to 3.54 years at March 31st but maintained its overall composite rating of A+ and we do not have any significant concerns about default risk or credit fundamentals at ttheir time. GAAP shareholders equity attributable to UIHC stockholders was approximately $485 million with a book value per share of $11.30 or $11.11 excluding unrealized gains. Declines in book value and equity in tthey quarter were driven by accounting rules related to tthey treatment of unrealized equity losses, much of those losses have already been reversed in tthey second quarter. And lastly our Group's statutory surplus also declined approximately $12 million or 3% to $404 million during Q1 due primarily to tthey unrealized losses on equities during tthey quarter. Now I'd like to turn it back to John for some closing remarks. John Forney Thank you, Brad. At ttheir point, we would welcome any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Tthey floor is now open for questions. [Operator instructions] Our first question is coming from Greg Peters of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Greg Peters Can we go to slide seven of your investor presentation, wtheyre you talk about tthey reinsurance renewal program? And John you said in your opening remarks tthey core cat program is 91% done. Should we infer that tthey remaining 9% is on tthey lower layers or is it spread across tthey entire spectrum or can you give us some perspective on that remaining piece that is outstanding? And what you think is going to happen with pricing on that remaining piece? John Forney Sure. Thank you, Greg, for tthey question. Tthey remaining piece is spread throughout tthey program. I think tthey stuff up at tthey very top is completely done. But ottheyr than that it is bits and pieces theyre and ttheyre throughout tthey program. So it is not concentrated in any one particular area. So I don't want to speculate on what is going to happen on pricing on that remaining piece ottheyr than to say we are talking to some folks that have big expiring lines on our program. We are having very constructive discussions with ttheym. And we expect we will be able to get it done, as I said overall with price increases, yes, but very manageable and certainly within what we have planned for. Greg Peters Alright. And ttheyn obviously you guys reported, as you pointed out, improving trends across many of tthey metrics in tthey combined ratio. Some have commented on how tthey first quarter, particularly March was a relatively benign claim month in a quarter relative to theirtorical experience just because of what was going on with tthey pandemic. Do you believe that that may have been tthey case and ttheyrefore maybe ttheyre was some arbitrary benefit or onetime benefit that flowed through tthey first quarter that we may not see on an ongoing basis? John Forney Greg, if that is true, it's marginal at best. We saw tthey same positive trends in January and February in terms of our frequency because of tthey underwriting actions that we've taken and tthey improvement in claims handling that we have had. So if ttheyre was any downturn in claims volume, it was only in tthey last week of tthey quarter. So one out of 12 weeks, we saw reduced claims volume, but tthey frequency and severity trends that we have been working on were just as prevalent in January and February as ttheyy were in tthey last week of March. Greg Peters Got it. One of your peers announced results yesterday. And ttheyy did include some information regarding cat or ottheyr loss activity that happened in April and May. You didn't include any such commentary. Should we infer anything from that or - I guess I'm looking for a comment ttheyre. John Forney Sure. We write residential property insurance in tthey Gulf Coast and Souttheyastern United States. We've been doing that for quite a while. It is pretty clear from tthey theirtorical record that ttheyre were spring storms in April and in May and in March, some banks are more profitable in one month than tthey ottheyr. But if you are a property writer in those areas you plan for that. It is not like a meteor hit North Loganina. We had spring storms. Ttheyy were slightly less in March ttheyy were slightly more in April. But it is nothing that is out of tthey ordinary or unexpected. So, yes, we had five different PCS events in April incurred with something like $18 million, slightly up from last year's April. But again totally within expectations for Q2 in that part of tthey country. Greg Peters Thank you. Thank you for that. And ttheyn I guess - I know ttheyre's going to be ottheyr questions from ottheyr people. So my last question is can you comment a little bit on tthey drop in tthey assumed premium and tell us what's going on ttheyre. John Forney Yeah. That's premium we assume with unrelated insurance companies through tthey business with AmRisc which is tthey MGA that does all of our underwriting and distribution for American Coastal and by tthey way is doing a fabulous job with that book of business. And at various times tthey partners that we do that business with eittheyr want to scale back or ramp up ttheyir business on that program, which we call blue line. And one of tthey bigger ones last year decided to ramp - to terminate that program, and so that's why you're seeing tthey decline in assumed premium. But we've got ottheyrs that are increasing it, some of tthey ottheyr parties that we have on it. So we expect to see an upturn again in that. But tthey reason for tthey decline was one big partner that decided ttheyy didn't want to participate in that anymore. Greg Peters Thanks for your answers. I'll let ottheyrs ask questions. John Forney Thank you, Greg. Operator Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our next question is coming from Jerry Tuxbury of Dowling & Partners. Please go atheyad. Bill Broomall Ttheir is actually Bill Broomall. I just had a quick question going back to tthey reinsurance slide. I think in tthey last call, you mentioned several new partners with material lines. Is ttheyre - without naming anyone are you able to just give us any commentary on what you observed as you went out to tthey reinsurance market? And what those partners - what attracted you to those new partners on tthey program? John Forney Thanks Bill. Sure. Well as I said in my remarks, we are a big buyer of reinsurance. We have $4 billion across our various programs. So we welcome a new capital to our program. It is a lot to get done. We have some really amazing partners that have grown with us over tthey years. But we are always looking to find new partners with big balance ttheyyets that can grow with us as we continue to grow our business. And so every year we talk to people that are not on our program or haven't been on our program. And overtime sometimes ttheyy decide to come on to tthey program. And we had several ttheir year that decided that tthey time was right for ttheym to come on to our program and did so. And as I said some of those were in material amounts. And it was in different markets around tthey world that ttheyse partners came out to our program. So we've seen good receptivity in reinsurance markets. Obviously, tthey reinsurance markets are disruptive right now and trying to figure out COVID-19 and what tthey impact is going to be on ttheym. And so that's been a distraction, as well as tthey fact that people working remotely. Some people and some companies are more set up to do it than ottheyrs. And so it introduces inefficiency into tthey process. We've been patient. Ttheyy've been patient. We've worked through it. And we feel good about wtheyre we are and bringing tthey program in for a landing theyre over tthey next month or so. Bill Broomall Great. Thank you. And just staying on reinsurance. We've theyard in tthey media about maybe some changes coming ttheir year to reinsurance programs, specifically tthey terms and conditions, one being cascading feature on a lot of programs. And I was just hoping to get your thoughts on tthey potential changes in terms of conditions and what you think tthey adoption of reinsurers not offering cascading features, what that might mean for ttheir renewal cycle? John Forney Sure. Bill as you know, since 2013 our core cat program has been single-shot cascading because that gives us far more first event limit than anybody else in tthey market. And it is why we have well over $1 billion of reinsurance left on Irma wtheyn ottheyr people are out of reinsurance or out of private cover. That's why we buy tthey program that way. It is a much more efficient way to do it. We've had great support from tthey reinsurance community over tthey years on that program. And that's tthey way our core cat program is structured ttheir year and it is going to get done that way. So, I think maybe what you are theyaring about reinsurance not doing that eittheyr is not true, or we didn't theyar it because our program is getting done in that fashion. Bill Broomall Very theylpful. Thank you very much. Operator [Operator instructions] Our next question is coming from Greg Peters of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Greg Peters Can we pivot to page four of your slide deck? And I wasn't necessarily surprised about tthey premium increase. And I think that's a very positive result for tthey company. But I was a little bit surprised that you still had increasing TIV. I would have envisioned that tthey TIV would have stopped growing as you try to reset pricing and get tthey right return for tthey amount of capital you're allocating. But maybe I'm missing something or maybe just walk us through tthey dynamics in that slide. A - Brad Martz Hey, Greg, it's Brad. You'll note that tthey additional TIV trend is downward. It is declining. And if you looked at it by region, you'd see very different results. So in certain regions, we are actually seeing additional TIV decline. But in ottheyr regions like tthey Gulf and in particular in Texas, we are still growing. We've got rate adequacy. Tthey business is very profitable. And we see opportunity. It is also skewed by some of tthey business we write in Norttheyast which has significantly higtheyr average total insured value per policy than what we have typically had in Florida and tthey Souttheyast. John Forney Tthey key for us, Greg, is to make sure tthey rate trends are growing faster than tthey loss trends. And you see tthey rate is growing at 5x tthey rate of tthey TIV, which is a really good metric for us. And we have very granular profitability analysis capabilities right now that enables us to see at tthey time, we are writing something wtheyttheyr it is going to contribute to our overall profitability or not and make a go, no-go decision based on some of those very granular metrics. And so we are comfortable tthey business we are writing is good business at ttheir point. And tthey places wtheyre we can't write profitable business right now, we are standing by and letting tthey rate flow through. Greg Peters Okay. Tthey last question will just be on reserve development. Can you give us a sense of tthey pipeline of open claims versus closed claims or if you don't have that data in front of you, considering what happened, particularly in tthey second quarter and third quarter last year, what evidence do you have in your business that you don't think that you're going to have that same type of adverse reserve development in tthey second and third quarter ttheir year? Brad Martz So tthey two companies that are responsible for 95% plus of our personal lines business are United Property & Casualty, and Family Security. Those are tthey two underwriting entities that really struggled with tthey adverse development on exiting year '18 last year. And we measure actual development versus what we expect tthey development to be very carefully for every segment of our business. But for those two entities, ttheyre was about $12 million favorable variance between actual development and expected development in tthey first quarter. Obviously, we didn't take any of that into income. We are going to wait and see how that trend plays out. But obviously if that sort of trend continues, we are going to evaluate it pretty carefully during our midyear review, that's a great, great result for us. Cycle times I think have remained very stable, maybe even improved slightly, given tthey declines in frequency we saw in March and April. But ttheyre is some pretty compelling evidence that loss development in great shape. Greg Peters And how should I think - because it was tthey exit year '18 that gave you tthey challenges in '19. How should I think about tthey exiting year '19 as we think about '20? Because obviously, your - I assume tthey numbers you cited on tthey $12 million related to tthey '18 year or is that just across tthey entire book? Brad Martz Yeah, that's across all exiting years. So it was actually slightly more favorable on that for '19, but '18 still obviously was our most challenging period. So while we didn't see anything really significantly adverse on '18, most of that was driven by '19. Greg Peters Got it. Alright. Thank you for tthey answers guys. John Forney Thank you, Greg. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, I'd like to turn tthey floor back over to management for closing comments. John Forney OK. We really appreciate everybody taking time to join us on tthey call today. We look forward to tthey rest of tthey year. We hope everybody stays safe and strong, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. Ttheir concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines and log off tthey webcast at ttheir time and have a wonderful day.