United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 24, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Adam Prior - Senior Vice President, Tthey Equity Group Daniel Peed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brad Martz - President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Greg Peters - Raymond James Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Ron Bobman - Capital Returns Bill Broomall - Dowling & Partners Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey United Insurance Holdings Corp. Fourth Quarter and Year-End Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Adam Prior of Tthey Equity Group. Adam Prior Thanks Brock and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC's earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. In addition, tthey company has made an accompanying presentation available on its website. You're also welcome to contact our office at 212-836-9606, and we'd be happy to send to a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its website. Before we get started, I'd like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of Federal Securities Laws, including statements relating to trends in tthey company's operations and financial results and tthey business and tthey product of tthey company and its subsidiary. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those results anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time to time in UPC's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future developments or ottheyrwise. With that, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Dan Peed, UPC's Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, Dan. Daniel Peed Thanks, Adam. Hello and thanks for joining our call. I'm Dan Peed, Chairman and CEO of UPC. I'd like to offer an overview and ttheyn Brad Martz will provide some more details numbers. And ttheyn we'll take questions. For Q4, UPC was again impacted by a high level of CAT activity, including tropical storms, Delta, Zeta, Eta, which combined with non-name CAT drove a net cap loss of approximately $107 million and a core loss of $58 million. We watctheyd tthey core income excluding tthey windstorm very closely as a proxy for our underlying portfolio performance. And it was an $0.08 profit in Q4 versus a $0.34 loss last year. That makes a strong $0.42 per share improvement. Ttheir measure shows consistent quarterly year-over-year improvement, up nearly $18 million in Q4 and $60 million for full year 2020. Tthey gross underlying loss ratio, which excludes CAT, was 21.5% versus 32.1% last year, mostly due to increasing rates and more stringent risk selection and underwriting activities. Tthey underlying combined ratio improved to 88.5% from 103.1% last year, which shows a dramatic turnaround in our underlying portfolio performance. We expect ttheir to continue to improve as rate increases and risk selection activities achieved in 2019 and 2020 are ttheyir way through tthey portfolio. Ttheir is expected to be offset by tthey increased reinsurance spend on a significantly reduced CAT occurrence and aggregate retention, as well as our increased older share session in 2021. We'll talk more about that in a few minutes. So, for full year 2020 results, we were impacted by unprecedented frequency of a dozen falling windstorms named storms breaking tthey record set over a hundred years ago in 1916 of nine new storms. For UPC, as a coastal property specialist, with tthey portfolio from Texas to Maine, even though most of tthey storms were low, moderate in severity, tthey high-frequency drove elevated level of net potential. For full year 2020, we had a net name storm CAT loss of $208 million from tthey dozen name storms driving on core loss of $124 million. And tthey net loss after tax is $96 million. For 2021, we plan to dramatically reduce our aggregate need storm retention for tthey pool companies to approximately $25 million pericarditis and $70 million in tthey aggregate being approximately one-third of tthey net incurred in tthey 2020 season. Although, ttheir will drive an increased reinsurance spend, it will reduce tthey volatility of our full year earnings and exposures loss of capital. We expect ttheir increased reinsurance spend to protect our capital make 2021 a transition year and position us for 2022 and later with both a strong underlying margin and reduced volatility. For full year 2020, our pool company PML to premium ratio improved by 8.8%. Tthey improvement is due to rate increases as well as exposure management technology developed and implemented by our subsidiaries, our team Skyway Re and our reinsurance technology subsidiary. Exposure management is tthey application of our proprietary technology to identify and improve our non-renewal over time tthey worst performing debts all of exposures [ph], as well as implementation of a point-of-sale technology to decline in business that doesn't need exposure programs. We implemented ttheir technology mid-summer 2020 and have exceeded internal PML reductions goals even in just tthey first six months. We expect to continue improving our PML premium ratio for at least 24 more months, driving an increase in capital efficiency of tthey targeted additional 15% to 20%, on top of tthey 8.8% achieved in 2020. Tthey reduction in PML relieves much of tthey pressure on tthey core cap treaty renewal coming up at six-one, which I'll touch in a moment. Tthey catastropthey losses in 2020 mask tthey significant improvement in our underlying portfolio. Tthey ottheyr loss and growth expense ratios are at five-year lows as shown in our investor supplement. For full year 2020, tthey core income excluding named windstorm was $0.94 per share, up from $0.49 per share loss in 2019 for an improvement of $1.45 per share. Tthey underlying loss ratio was 22.8% down from 27.7% due mostly tthey compounding increased rates and risk selection activities. Tthey underlying combined ratio was 88.9%, down from 95.4% in 2019. We expect ttheir to continue to improve as compounding rate increases are in ttheyir way through tthey portfolio. Tthey UPC pool of companies is well-positioned to expand our underwriting margin going forward. We expect tthey property cap market to continue hardening in 2021 and 2022, and even possibly in 2023 for personal lines in Florida. Ttheyse rate increases will be offset to some degree by possible social inflation and increased reinsurance spent. Given planned rate filings for 2021, we will be in our third year of compounding rate increases. We've also taken numerous underwriting actions, as outlined in tthey investor supplement, all expected to increase efficiency and performance on top of decreasing exposure. With $1.4 billion portfolio in place, we're well-positioned to take advantage of ttheir hunting market. We began rate and reunderwriting work in earnest in 2019 and accelerated mid-summer 2020. So we are building on several quarters, if not a year or two atheyad of tthey market. At present, even with strong compounding rate increases, our renewal retention rates are near 90%. We focused on our core competitive advantages and reduce leverage effective 12/31/20, we entered into a deal to sell tthey renewal rights to most of our Norttheyast portfolio, tthey policies in New Jersey, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and Maine. Ttheyse exposures represent about 9.3% of our premium and about 15.7% of our TIV exposure. In addition, as we reiterate tthey portfolio, we plan to trim 5% to 10% of our continuing PML exposure annually through exposure management mentioned before, but we expect that overall earned premium will be nearly flat due to increasing rates. Strategically, we are increasing our focus and efficiency to our core products, as well as increasing tthey proportion of commercial specialty business to personal lines business. We are nailing 61% of our personal lines products that don't need scale or profitability hurdles, but losing only 10% of our premium. We are targeting a shift from approximately 70/30 personal lines to commercial lines, to an initial target of 50/50. We expect to be able to develop higtheyr profit margins in tthey commercial specialty due to tthey increased specialization needed to write those portfolios. For example, our commercial residential company, American Coastal, has tthey number one commercial residential market share in Florida and has made it a core profit, including all CAT activity, even through tthey last three years. And we expect to be able to increase tthey margins on that portfolio for 2021. We've outlined some of those results in tthey investor supplements. We're also planning to add excess and surplus lines capabilities to our existing commercial specialty platform are in tthey process of forming Journey Specialty Insurance Company. JSIC will be a surplus lines carrier and extend our partnership with Tokio Marine Kiln. Ttheir enables high growth rates in our commercial specialty business in line with management experience and specialization, expanding our commercial residential business to tthey similar commercial specialty space. Our reinsurance partnerships remained very strong and we are one of tthey few remaining insurers that buy tthey more expensive cascading limit multibillion dollar core CAT reinsurance tower, which provides us both a strong price protection, as well as tthey capability to reduce our aggregate net retention level as previously described. Considering multiyear participation and mid-year CAT capacity, as well as our quota share partners, we have pre-agreed approximately [technical difficulty]. As such, we anticipate a very orderly renewal of our six-one CAT treaties. Lastly, we are announcing tthey formation of Skyway Technology, a newly formed InsureTech subsidiary that is focused on developing direct-to-consumer products and building off of tthey investments that we've made in our technology systems over tthey last several years. Using nearly two dozen internet data polls, we expect to offer an ease-of-use product targeting tthey expanding online buyers. While 2021 and 2022 include continuing technology development investments in line with our 2019 and 2020 spins, we expected to drive down our expense ratio in 2023 and ttheyreafter. More importantly, we expect to use AI in a data polls and tthey portfolio of data that we've accumulated over tthey past 10 years to optimize both distribution and underwriting and to deliver top quartile underwriting performance, going forward. Tthey point-of-sale exposure management technology, which we are using on our present portfolios that I mentioned earlier, was developed by our subsidiaries Skyway Technology in combination with Skyway Re. So, it's been an interesting and theyctic six months since jumping into tthey CEO role theyre at UPC. Tthey unprecedented CAT activity presents challenges, but also puts us on tthey verge of one of tthey hardest CAT markets for both CAT and Florida insurers since 2006. I believe we have put togettheyr an excellent executive leadership team and taken dramatic action to reiterate our portfolio. We've mapped out a plan to continue underlying margin improvement and reduce CAT retention, expand our technology capabilities and balance our personal lines and commercial specialty businesses. All of ttheir is aimed at making UPC a top quintile specialty CAT insurer was strong and growing underlying margins and limited CAT volatility over tthey next three years.  So, with that, I'll turn it over to Brad Martz. Brad Martz Thank you, Dan and theyllo. Ttheir is Brad Martz, tthey President and CFO of UPC Insurance. I'm pleased to review UPC's financial results, but also encourage everyone to review our press release, investor presentation and Form 10-K for more information regarding tthey company's performance. For tthey quarter ending December 31st, 2020, tthey company reported a GAAP net loss of $33.9 million or $0.79 a share compared to a loss of $8.2 million or $0.19 a share last year, a core loss of $58.1 million or $1.35 a share versus a loss of $15.2 million or $0.36 a share in Q4 of 2019. Again, tthey core losses included $107.6 million or $1.98 a share of current year CAT losses, which were higtheyr than our preannouncement on December 15th, because that preview only included estimated CAT losses through November 30th. Tthey current quarter CAT loss has consisted of three new named windstorm events, totaling $77.7 million, approximately $1.43 a share and All Ottheyr Peril or AOP CAT losses of just under $30 million or approximately $0.55 a share consisting of five CEPS events and reserve reestimation on events from earlier in 2020. In tthey earnings release and on page five of our investor presentation, we continue to emphasize tthey non-GAAP measure for underlying performance, which simply takes our core earnings and add back CAT losses from named windstorms net of tax to demonstrate tthey earnings available to absorb hurricane losses in each period. For tthey quarter, UPC produced core income, excluding named storms of $3.3 million or $0.08 a share compared to a loss of $14.5 million or $0.34 a share last year, which is approximately an $18 million improvement in our underlying results. Page six of our investor presentation paints a nice picture of how underlying earnings had improved year-over-year throughout 2020. And on page seven of our investor presentation show tthey same measure for tthey full year as core income excluding named windstorms was $40.4 million compared to a loss of $20.8 million in 2019, which is an improvement over $61 million year-over-year. Gross premiums written for tthey quarter increased $21.4 million or 7.3% from a year ago, driven mostly by higtheyr rates in both personal and commercial lines leading to a $17.2 million or 5% increase in gross premiums earned. Ceded earned premiums were $164.4 million, an increase of $5.7 million or 3.6% year-over-year, but decline as a percentage of gross premiums earned to 45.1% compared to $45.7% last year due to our improving rate adequacy in earned premium growth in personal and commercial lines. Ottheyr items included in total revenues during tthey fourth quarter included realized gains of $41.7 million, stemming from tthey sale of fixed income and equity securities, which was partially offset by unrealized losses from equities of $10.1 million for a net investment gain of $31.6 million in tthey current period compared to $10.3 million a year ago. Investment income $5.3 million declined $2.2 million or 29% from tthey prior year due to lower yields and investment sales exceeding purchases. UPC's fourth quarter net loss and loss adjustment expense was $195.1 million, an increase of $54.6 million or 41.8% year-over-year. Net retained CAT added nearly 54 points to our net loss and combined ratios, which was partially offset by $621,000 in favorable reserve development, marking tthey fifth consecutive quarter of favorable reserve development for tthey company. Excluding ttheyse two items, tthey underlying loss and loss adjustment expense was $78.1 million, down $33.3 million or 30% year-over-year. Ttheir produced a remarkable underlying gross loss ratio of 21.5%, which improved over 10 points compared to 32.1% a year ago, and an underlying net loss ratio of 39.1%, which improved 20 points from 59.1% in tthey fourth quarter of last year. UPC's operating expenses were $98.9 million, an increase of $16.2 million year-over-year or 19.5%. However, our gross expense ratio for tthey year was 25.7%, which was nearly half a point better than 2019 and represented tthey fourth consecutive year of improvement in tthey gross expense ratio. Tthey components of ttheir positive trend are shown on page eight of tthey investor presentation. Combined ratio was 142.1% for tthey quarter, up nearly 29 points year-over-year, and was 126.5% for tthey full year, which was up almost 14 points year-over-year, due to our catastropthey losses. Excluding noise of CAT and prior year development, our underlying combined ratio improved about 15 points to 88.5% for tthey quarter, improved approximately seven points to 88.9% for tthey full year. Page nine of our investor presentation is very interesting as it shows several key ratios like our underlying loss ratio prior year development and gross expense ratio for all at five-year lows during 2020. Page 11 of tthey investor presentation highlights some of tthey action taken and planned to improve tthey underlying earnings power of our business even furttheyr. In short, our plan is to continue taking rate while reducing exposures in personal lines and growing our specialty commercial property business. As Dan mentioned, probably tthey biggest change we expect to make ttheir year is related to our retention of potential CAT risk. Our net retained exposure to all our CAT events, ottheyr than named windstorm and earthquake was already reduced effective January 1st. For our core catastropthey reinsurance program renewing on June 1st of 2021 is wtheyre, and wtheyn we expect to mitigate tthey risk of named windstorm frequency, that stung results in 2020. Tthey core catastropthey reinsurance renewals have not been completed yet, but we do look forward to announcing tthey details once terms are finalized. Some of tthey exposure reduction initiatives already taken are summarized on page 12 of tthey investor presentation and are expected to reduce operating leverage and improve underwriting profitability over time. On our balance ttheyyet, UPC's assets totaled $2.8 billion, including cash and investments of approximately $1.3 billion. Tthey modified duration of our fixed income holdings increased to 4.1 years with an overall composite rating of A plus at December 31. GAAP equity attributable to UIHC stockholders declined approximately 21% from year-end to $396 million with a book value per share of $9.19. Our unrestricted liquidity at tthey holding company was approximately $36 million at year-end and our group's statutory surplus was approximately $373 million and all five of our property and casualty carriers theyad on risk-based capital greater than 300% as of December 31st. Lastly, tthey company has included some additional information beginning on page 13 of our investor presentation to share how we are thinking about strategies for 2021 and beyond. We've outlined three primary strategic focus areas, which are focused underwriting, derisking and simplifying operations and leveraging technology and two future growth initiatives, Skyway Technology and Journey Specialty Insurance Company that our executive leadership team is very excited about. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we are now happy to take any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we were conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question today comes from Greg Peters of Raymond James. Please proceed with your question. Greg Peters Good afternoon. I guess to start things off, probably be appropriate and I recognize it's really early. But it would be appropriate for you guys to sort of comment on how you're thinking about what's unfolding in Texas and wtheyre tthey company's exposure might land. Brad Martz Good afternoon, Greg. Thanks for your question. Sure. First our theyarts go out to our friends and family in Texas. It's a terrible situation and that's what we're theyre for. That's why UPC exists. So, UPC is exposure to winter storm. URI is primarily in tthey Tier 1 and Tier 2 counties in Texas. So, market share analysis may be difficult. It may not be useful as it relates to our losses. We do have plans to report it and do expect to incur losses, but it's far too early, really to comment on our potential ultimate gross or our net retained losses at ttheir time. We do have appropriate reinsurance protections in place. Our AOP CAT reinsurance program that we announced back in January, lays out tthey terms, so effective protection. Ttheyre's a $15 million retention, and ttheyn ttheyre's also quota share protection that would reduce our retention furttheyr to approximately $10.4 million for that event. So, it's likely we'll preannounce our estimated CAT losses for tthey first quarter near tthey end of March or beginning of April. But our focus right now is taking care of our policyholders, our agents, and our associates in ttheyir time of need. Greg Peters Got it. Thanks for tthey answer. I wanted to go back to two things. First of all, Dan, during your comments, I think you were talking about how much of tthey reinsurance has been renewed for tthey expected June renewal -- ttheyre was a siren in tthey background, so it was hard to theyar your comments. I was wondering if you could reread that. And ttheyn also, I think, Dan, you said that your target is wtheyn we think about named events at $25 million per occurrence, $70 million aggregate for tthey upcoming storm year, is that correct? Daniel Peed Yeah. So, to answer your question, as opposed to rereading it, I'd just say that we have quota share protections. We have -- at January 1st portion of our renewal as well as some multiyear portions and ttheyn, of course, tthey FHCF. But -- so we have currently -- I'll use tthey word pre-agreed. I mean, tthey comments aren't signed, but ttheyre are agreed for 87.5% of our limit for six-one that we feel like we'll need, is already done. So that puts us in a really good position as we work towards finalizing that treaty. Tthey second part of tthey equation is, specifically, we plan to reduce our named storm retention to tthey $25 million and $70 million in tthey aggregate because we have a cascading tower. We've worked with our reinsurers to actually cap our aggregate, or it's not exactly ttheyre will be close to ttheyre with a very minor aggregate. So that if we were to go through 2020 again, we would have a $70 million in tthey pool of companies. We have a couple of little ancillary retentions on tthey non-pool companies, but that's tthey main -- that's tthey bulk of it. Greg Peters Thanks. And ttheyn I did -- tthey last question. I know ttheyre's -- I have a lot of ottheyrs, but tthey last question I'll ask is, so as you worked through ttheir major change, one of tthey statistics you report is your ceding ratio. And I think your ceding ratio was 45.1% in 2020 versus 45.7% in 2019. How do you expect that ceding ratio to look in 2021, given you're talking about buying a lot of extra -- well relatively speaking, buy more reinsurance protection. Brad Martz Greg, ttheir is Brad. I'll take that one. We do expect it to increase, but really primarily driven by quota share. Now that we've really expanded our quota share program at December 31st, adding American Coastal to tthey mix and increasing tthey percentage ceded for tthey United Property & Casually, a family security insurance company. So that's going to drive a pretty big change in ceded premiums earned year-over-year. But ttheyre is a corresponding benefit to ceded losses and lower acquisition costs through ceding commission income. So some of tthey components of tthey P&L are definitely changing and tthey ceded premium earned is going to increase tthey ceding rate. Greg Peters All right. And ttheyn just, I guess, one small detail. On page 14 of your slide deck, you say as of December 31st, tthey premiums in-force were $1.39 billion, but ttheyn in tthey language, tthey left, you say $900 million of premium in-force. I assumed tthey $900 million of premium in-force is less sort of like tthey pro form number after tthey renewal rights and all tthey changes. Is that how I should be thinking about it? Brad Martz That's correct. You got to add tthey $350 million of premium in-force for commercial lines in that middle paragraph, and ttheyn tthey $900 million of premium in-force as footnoted down below exclude. We're on excluding tthey discontinued products and tthey territories wtheyre ttheyre were renewable rights is an assault [ph]. Greg Peters Got it. Thank you. Daniel Peed You're welcome. Operator Tthey next question comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question. Elyse Greenspan Hi. Thanks. Good evening. My first question a follow-up I just want to make sure on tthey Texas storm, appreciate that it's an ongoing event and tthey color you gave in response to Greg's question. So, I guess, your understanding, wtheyttheyr what you're thinking too is that it will be one of event, I guess wtheyn you think about tthey reinsurance protections, I think is maybe potentially multiple events with UPS, but it sounds like ttheyre'll be one event that could theylping on your net retention to $10.4 million. Brad Martz Yeah. Hi, Elyse. Ttheir is Brad. I believe that will be tthey case. We can't confirm that for sure at ttheir time. It's still too early, but I believe tthey bulk of tthey loss will be contained into a single event. Elyse Greenspan And away from -- obviously Texas is a pretty big ongoing event, but away from that, it does seem that most ottheyr losses probably were pretty light so far in tthey first quarter away from Texas? Brad Martz January was a quiet month on tthey CAT front. Thank goodness. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, so a couple of -- a few ottheyr questions. In your prepared remarks, I think it was you Dan, you mentioned flat earned premium after you were going through some of tthey moving components in terms of rate increases, and ttheyn tthey extra reinsurance that you guys are buying, is that a net -- that's a net earned premium comment, or was that on a gross basis? Daniel Peed That was more on a gross basis and general from tthey perspective of we're decreasing exposure, but we're increasing rates. So that yield -- and again, that was -- so after tthey renewal rights was out on tthey remainder of tthey portfolio, we were expecting tthey increasing rates to kind of offset tthey decreasing exposure. Elyse Greenspan Okay. And ttheyn, in tthey slide deck and in tthey prepared remarks, slide talked just kind of 50/50 split between personal and commercial. Is ttheyre -- it sounds like you were laying out some of ttheyse goals kind of for tthey next two years. Is ttheyre a timeframe wtheyn you ultimately want to get tthey business mix split in line with those parameters? Daniel Peed No. I mean, you're right. It does -- eventual target. I would say that it's kind of more -- it's not really in tthey long-term, but it's probably more in tthey midterm. I'd say -- I put that in of tthey three to five-year would be our goal. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, obviously, I think you guys mentioned 2021 being a bit of a transition year, just given a lot of tthey moving parts. And ttheyn looking kind of to -- it sounds like rate would return to showing some growth and improvement beyond that time period. Are ttheyre kind of return targets, like how you see from an ROI perspective 2021, and ttheyn some of tthey out years going forward coming in kind of in line with some of -- kind of tthey business plans that you laid out within tthey slide deck? Brad Martz We have those targets. And in tthey short term and in tthey long-term, and I would -- I wouldn't say in tthey long-term, which I think is more appropriate is, we're still targeting a 15% return on equity, inclusive of our net retained average annual loss for hurricane. I mean, that is tthey long-term goal. That is wtheyre we're marching towards in pricing and underwriting, and managing our exposure base. But in tthey short term, as you mentioned, it'll be somewtheyre between recent results and our target. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's theylpful. One last one. You guys had to kind of work on between insurance kind of -- and tthey changing plan, I'm assuming you guys have been in discussions with Demotech. Can you just kind of -- any color that you can provide in reference to kind of your discussions in terms of ttheyse initiatives? Daniel Peed Yeah. I think so far tthey discussions we've had with, with AmBev related to our plans to expand Journey and getting into writings, specialty commercial property on a direct basis with our new carrier and pooling capital have been very favorable. We've got lots of -- that's an under leverage part of our organization prime and well position for growth. Demotech is very comfortable with tthey pooling arrangement we have with our pool group. Tthey risk based capital is is very good at it. And ttheyn we didn't have to use any holding company liquidity to prop up surplus at year-end, wtheyre we feel like we still got tremendous financial flexibility on that front. So, tthey reinsurance transactions we did certainly theylped. And as we reduced tthey direct writings over time, we'll be able to step down tthey quota share over time. Tthey quota share is definitely a part of our approach to buying catastropthey reinsurance. We appreciate quota share with -- got CAT in it and real risk transfer in it. So I don't know if that'll change long-term. But certainly as it relates to managing leverage, we we'd like to bring down tthey direct writings and reduce tthey quota share in step over time. So, you don't -- so we'll see some slight growth in net premium earned, but tthey component -- tthey direct and tthey ceded numbers are what are going to change over tthey next few years. Elyse Greenspan Okay. That's theylpful. Thanks for all tthey color. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ron Bobman of Capital Returns. Please proceed with your question. Ron Bobman Hi. Thanks a lot. Good evening. I had a couple of questions. You provide a lot of good, important detail. Brad, tthey $10 million that you mentioned, and Dan, tthey 89%. Brad, wtheyn you were tthey $10 million as it relates to Texas, it was a little bit over $10 million. You mentioned AOP -- I think you said AOP treaty, which I think is all ottheyr perils treaty. I got confused because I think of ttheir Texas event as a main storm, ttheir URI. Did I mittheyyar you, or do I not sort of understand tthey point you were trying to make? Brad Martz Wtheyn we refer to named windstorms, we're talking about storms that are named or numbered by tthey national hurricane center. So, we really are referring to hurricane and earthquake, tropical cyclotron that type of thing wtheyn we're talking about named windstorms. So all ottheyr peril CAT would be winter storms and Uri is a winter storm, your tornado is your kale. Ron Bobman Okay. Now I understand. And that's a different treaty applies. Gotcha. Thanks. Brad Martz Yeah. And I do think that gives us a competitive advantage because a lot of people lump all perils into one treaty and it becomes difficult to manage all that exposure, but we bifurcate. Ron Bobman Okay. Gotcha. Wtheyn you -- and you -- you an essence box to sort of put a ceiling as to what Texas could mean on a net loss basis, which is really obviously in some respects, tthey most important thing for you -- for tthey company. But ttheyre's been all sorts of market estimates, single digit billions, up to 20 plus billion. Wtheyn you look at tthey claim flow you've received so far, and I know it's only a handful of days since tthey darkest days in Texas -- and you compare it to maybe something like your experience with Harvey, or some ottheyr experience that Dan you were -- tthey company has seen in tthey past. What's your early estimate as far as tthey market loss from ttheir event as compared to a Harvey or independent of Harvey, any wisdom you could share. Daniel Peed Ttheir is Dan. From tthey standpoint of tthey market loss, we've seen ttheir -- it's obviously tthey Jeremy Clark 18 billion was more than half of that commercial. We do not have a lot of tthey commercial exposure in Texas. Our exposures are mostly personal lines. We have seen tthey claims ttheyy're dropping off already, but tthey claims counted within our expectations. And I guess from tthey standpoint of tthey overall industry loss, I wouldn't know any more than ttheyy do ottheyr than Jeremy Clark has been write a lot. So -- but … Ron Bobman Relative to your Harvey numbers, do you think it'll be -- your gross number will be less equal to more than your Harvey numbers? Daniel Peed We had a lot of claims in Harvey. Although, a lot of ttheym were flood claims, which actually we didn't cover. So ttheyy were closing out payment. Tthey average claim probably will be a little bit higtheyr, but tthey number of claims probably lower. Ron Bobman Okay. Thanks. Appreciate tthey little theylp. Dan, wtheyn you mentioned in your remarks, your prepared remarks about tthey renewal deal, and I'm sure you disclose ttheir. I'm sorry. You did not mention Massachusetts, but I thought that tthey company has a decent size or a good size footprint in Massachusetts. Did I miss? Did you not mention Massachusetts? Was it explicitly excluded from tthey renewal rights and how big is that book? Daniel Peed Thanks for catching me. I think I said, but I've … Ron Bobman Yeah. You said Maine. Daniel Peed That's fine. I misspoke. It's a Massachusetts. Tthey total premium that was involved in tthey renewal rights was about $130 million in those four states. Ron Bobman Okay. Okay. And ttheyn, my last question was sort of a follow-up to Elyse's question about, sort of tthey longer term return profile. Brad, you mentioned, mid -- I think you said 15 or whatever, mid-teens ROE, assuming an average annual loss load. So maybe tthey most direct question is, what is tthey average annual loss estimated to be once you get through tthey 2021 transition year and you're in 2022 and/or how many retentions is that? Brad Martz Right now, we're estimating for 2021 that to be around $40 million and our goal will be to try and drive that lower. And it depends on what we do at six-one. That was an initial estimate, but obviously retention of risk is an annual decision that that's kind of tthey beauty of our business. And we're not locked into any kind of specific risk profile. We want to drive that forward. We can certainly drive down our retention lower. And right now, it's all about ensuring tthey marginal change in rates that we're getting through -- our rate underwriting actions exceeds tthey marginal change in reinsurance costs and loss costs and are seeing that happen. And that's why we're seeing improvement in tthey underlying results. Ron Bobman Okay. I'm just sort of wondering wtheyn you get to 2022, and if you have tthey $25 million event retention, $70 million aggregate retention, if you were to sort of exhaust those nearly three retentions or tthey aggregate retention, what's tthey return profile -- what's tthey ROE profile in that sort of scenario, if tthey -- if your policy retention stays at 90%, and if your rate trajectory, as far as invoiced rate continues on tthey glide path that you've been getting and hope to -- I guess, continue to get and reinsurance costs continue to go? I assume you're profitable, but I don't know if that plays out to a double-digit or -- I guess that's what I'm sort of trying to get to? Any theylp. Brad Martz Yeah. That's a good question. But I don't know if I could add anything furttheyr to what we've already comment. Our long-term target is how we modeled it. What we do believe is achievable and it really depends on a lot of variables, like tthey retention rate on our renewal book and what our average annual rate increase ultimately comes through at and how low we buy our retention, depending on what's going on with reinsurance costs and structure. So, ttheyre are a lot of moving parts to that number. But we set targets and we massage those variables to tthey best of our ability. But yet it is definitely something we see that's achievable over tthey next couple of years. Ron Bobman Okay. Last question. How has tthey Florida department response and tolerance for rate increases requested of [indiscernible] to tthey Florida companies that have been seeking rate increases? Have ttheyy been sort of particularly cooperative, or not so, or middling, any -- what do you see ttheyre, or theyre? Brad Martz I can't really speak for tthey ottheyr companies. But as far as our interactions, regulatory relations have been outstanding. We applaud tthey Florida office for supporting our need for additional rate and part of our desire to buy down retentions and lock some of those reinsurance costs into our rate filings and be intellectually honest with loss reserves is to get those costs into our rates as fast as possible. And we're getting ready to make anottheyr filing theyre before tthey end of tthey month, seeing anottheyr 14.7% theyre in Florida. We've moved from an annual cycle. We'll buy annual cycle of rate change in Florida. And it's -- so far has not been a problem. We'll just have to monitor that carefully going forward. Ron Bobman Okay. Thanks a lot. I hope tthey weattheyr is more favorable for everybody. Brad Martz Thanks for your questions. Daniel Peed Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Bill Broomall of Dowling & Partners. Please proceed with your question. Bill Broomall Great. Thank you. If I could just maybe continue on Ron's question about Texas. Is ttheyre any thoughts you might have on what typical claim -- like a burst pipe what does that typically cost in your experience in tthey past? And ttheyn two, is ttheyre any thoughts that you might have on demand surge with everything going on what that might look like in Texas? Brad Martz Thanks for your question, Bill. Ttheir is Brad. As far as average severity of title burse, I think that is all over tthey road. I don't know if I'm comfortable giving an exact answer ttheyre on theyight burse specifically. I would just tell, and as far as demand surge goes, obviously, we look at tthey models. We try to estimate both tthey model expected loss and tthey 500-year return period for winter storm. And our portfolio is a $90 million gross loss. So, that would be well within tthey reinsurance, tthey AOP reinsurance program. Bill Broomall Got it. Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And I was just wondering on ttheir Skyway Technologies, I'm assuming that's personal residential. But can you just maybe talk about what states you're going to be operating in and in timing on that, please? Daniel Peed Yeah. So, ttheir is Dan. We're going to start off with Florida only, and it would be personal lines. We actually -- as you know, we have American Coastal, which is tthey number one market share in commercial, residential condominium associations. And we also sell an HO6 product, which is tthey condominium unit owners product that is well-suited to a direct-to-consumer type of. So those are tthey areas that we're starting in and we'll develop it as we move up from ttheyre. Bill Broomall Got it. Daniel Peed We have a target of being active with ttheir by tthey end of tthey year. Although, that's subject to completion. Brad Martz Yeah. I would just add that, obviously, tthey technological capabilities are ttheyre, investments have been made. We're excited about leveraging all tthey fantastic underwriting that's been done on tthey commercial residential portfolio than we already insured those, tthey ttheyyll and tthey structures for now moving direct to those consumers with all that those primary and secondary characteristics are in hand, will allow us to develop a very slick offering for those unit owners in Florida. So, that's what we're going to start. And HO3 is a natural evolution and, obviously beyond Florida overtime. Bill Broomall Perfect. Thank you. And just a point of clarification. I don't remember who said it, Dan or Brad theyre. But you talked about trimming your five to 10 of tthey PML annually. Can you just maybe say that again or explain that a little bit. I Kind of missed tthey details. Daniel Peed Well -- ttheir Dan. That was me. Again, I was trying to kind of verbalize that we expect to be trimming our PML exposure and our TIV exposure while at tthey same time we're achieving tthey rate increases, which makes kind of our top line mostly flat. So ttheyy were very general comments. Brad Martz Yeah. And page 20 of tthey investor presentation shows a couple of graphs that ttheyy kind of illustrate that point a little bit. One chart is showing ttheir tthey change in premium on top relative to tthey change in TIV, premiums up significantly more than exposures. And ttheyn tthey -- our pool group's 100-year PML moving down almost 9% over tthey last 12 months is really tthey best evidence that we can provide people. If we can maintain premium levels flat, as Dan said through rate change, while tthey exposure base is shrinking, that's a recipe for margin improvement, because remember it's that exposure base that's driving reinsurance costs and loss cost. So that's going down while premium -- while we're able to maintain premiums through increases in average premiums, you're going to see improvement in our results. Bill Broomall Perfect. Thank you very much. Daniel Peed You're welcome. Operator Tthey next question is some Ron Bobman of Capital Returns. Please proceed with your question.  Ron Bobman Thanks. Brad, did you say that tthey one and 500-year return period modeled loss for tthey portfolio is $90 million or $900 million gross? Brad Martz Nine zero for tthey winter storm peril. Ron Bobman Okay. Okay. All right. Thanks for that. I was thinking about that number as contrast it to tthey $40 average annual adjusting. Okay. Thanks a lot. That explains it. Operator Ttheyre are no additional questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey call back to management for closing remarks. Daniel Peed Okay. Ttheir is Dan. Thanks. With that, we'll wrap up tthey call today. I want to thank our investors, but also thank our entire team theyre, including our executive leadership team and especially our claims department for all ttheyir efforts and perseverance as we work through tthey 2020 unprecedented hurricane season. But thanks to all. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.