United Insurance Holdings Corp. (UIHC) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 11, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Adam Prior - SVP, Tthey Equity Group, IR Dan Peed - CEO Brad Martz - President and CFO Conference Call Participants Greg Peters - Raymond James Bill Dezellem - Tieton Capital Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey United Insurance Holdings Corp. Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, that ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now turn tthey conference over to our host, Adam Prior of Tthey Equity Group. Thank you. You may begin. Adam Prior Thanks so much, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. You can find copies of UPC's earnings release today at www.upcinsurance.com in tthey Investor Relations section. In addition, tthey company has made an accompanying presentation available on its website. We also welcome to contact our office at (212) 836-9606, and we'd be happy to send you a copy. In addition, UPC Insurance has made ttheir broadcast available on its website as well. Before we get started, I'd like to read tthey following statement on behalf of tthey company. Except with respect to theirtorical information, statements made in ttheir conference call constitute forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements relating to trends and tthey company's operations and financial results and tthey business and tthey products of tthey company and its subsidiaries. Actual results from UPC may differ materially from those results anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements, as a result of risks and uncertainties, including those described from time to time in UPC's filings with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. UPC specifically disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future developments or ottheyrwise. With that, I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Dan Peed, UPC's Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, Dan. Dan Peed Thanks, Adam. Hello, and thanks for joining us on our third quarter earnings call. I'm Dan Peed, Chairman and CEO of UPC Insurance. I'm planning to offer an overview and discussion of some of our activities, and ttheyn Brad Martz will provide more specific numbers, and ttheyn we'll take questions. Tthey third quarter results are in line with expectations and reflect continued execution of our 2021 Transition Plan. Ttheir plan is to reduce our growth and net hurricane exposure through increased reinsurance, exposure management, and reduced catastropthey retention levels, knowing that ttheir is going to drive an increased reinsurance spend. In 3Q, we see tthey increase in net seated earned premium which impacts our core earnings as Hurricane down about $6 million year-over-year. But we also see significantly reduced hurricane retention with approximately $30 million ttheir year versus $125 million in 2020. As we go forward, we can capture tthey increased reinsurance spend in our rate filings, which will continue to earn through tthey portfolio in 2022 and 2023. On tthey gross exposure reduction, our TIV and continuing personal lines is down year-to-date by 13.4%. We expect about anottheyr 5% in Q4 for an annual reduction near 20%. We expect to continue exposure reduction through at least September 30 of next year 2022 and anticipate at least a 10% decline in TIV for personal lines next year. On tthey front-end, we continue to drive compounding rate increases in nearly all states, with a third quarter record average of 13.8% across tthey entire personal lines renewal business portfolio. Over tthey last four quarters, we have increased premiums on like for like renewal business of approximately $100 million with a record $31.7 million in 3Q. Rate increases are expected to continue compounding in tthey low to mid double digit range through at least tthey end of 2022. Despite ttheyse rate increases, our renewal retention excluding tthey non-renewed accounts remains over 89%. Commercial lines continued to perform well with premium year-to-date up nearly 19%, while P&L exposure is down. In American Coastal, we have a market leader in Florida commercial residential with a dozen years of expertise underwriting that portfolio. American Coastal is positioned extremely well to grow profitably in one of tthey hardest Florida markets since 2006. Our plan is to continue moving tthey book towards a 50-50 balance between commercial and personal lines over tthey next three years. And for 2022, we plan to maintain our exposure levels and commercial lines approximately flat, ttheyn we anticipate an average 15% to 20% rate increase and ttheyrefore a 15% to 20% premium increase. Profitable underwriting doesn't just include rate increases and exposure management. It also includes risk selection. We have implemented many underwriting changes including tthey development of Mosaic, a technologically advanced risk measurement algorithm that would be applied to new and renewal business to identify loss drivers. We are supplementing ttheyse types of underwriting tools with increasing physical inspections and underwriting actions for unacceptable or increased risk levels. Differentiating between risk levels can drive a significant decrease in combined ratio as a key component of our long-term formula for success, as we drive toward becoming a top quartile underwriting company. Brad is going to comment on Florida Senate Bill 76, which was effective July 1 of '21, but I'll offer that at least initially we've seen a drop from a peak in June at 840 lawsuits to approximately 400 per month in September and October. While it remains too early to quantify tthey impact on reserves and maintenance [ph] it does appear to have at least stopped tthey run-away escalation. Tthey pre-suite notification provisions enable a settlement in many cases and should be good for both insurers and insureds. Ttheyre is significant cost savings with reduction of litigated claims, as statistics suggest in Florida 91% of payments made in litigated claims were made to plaintiff and defense attorneys. Tthey current insurance market continues to be as firm as it has in years, and tthey Florida market is expected to remain hard for an extended period of time, especially for personal lines and commercial residential. For UPC, we continue working through our 2021 transition year, again with third quarter results in line with expectations. We expect to return to profitability in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year and continue to move toward a strong underwriting profit in 2022, and achieving targeted ROEs in 2023. With that, I'll turn it over to Brad Martz. Brad Martz Thank you, Dan. And theyllo, ttheir is Brad Martz, President and CFO of UPC Insurance. First, happy better and state all our American Heroes, we thank you for your service. I'm pleased to review UPC's financial results, but encourage everyone to review our press release, investor presentation and Form 10-Q for more information regarding tthey company's performance. For tthey quarter ended September 30, 2021 UIHC reported a GAAP net loss of $14.3 million or $0.33 a share compared to a loss of $74.1 million or $1.73 per share last year. On Page 5 of our investor presentation, you will see a reconciliation of our core loss of $15.5 million or $0.36 a share to our underlying core earnings, which excludes catastropthey losses and prior year reserve development, which declined roughly $6 million or $0.14 a share year-over-year. Tthey decline in core earnings as Dan mentioned was primarily driven by higtheyr reinsurance costs associated with our stated objective of reducing leverage and protecting capital. I'm proud of tthey hard work and good progress our team is making on taking care of policyholders in tthey wake of new catastropthey losses ttheir quarter. And I believe our third quarter showed several positive signs that UIHC is moving in tthey right direction. Gross premiums written for tthey quarter declined $43.3 million or approximately 12% due to continued intentional exposure reduction throughout our personal lines portfolio. We are reducing risk exposure at a faster pace than tthey reduction of our top-line, which is a good thing. And gross premiums earned were basically flat year-over-year at $353 million for tthey current quarter. Ceded earned premiums were $200 million, a decrease of $34.9 million or 21% year-over-year, due primarily to more business being ceded via quota share reinsurance programs, wtheyreby those sessions are partially offset by ceded losses and ceding commission income earned. Ottheyr items included in total revenue during tthey third quarter were $3.7 million of fee income, which declined slightly due to fewer personal lines policies in force, investment income of $3.5 million, which declined about $2.5 million due to lower yields and dividend income from a smaller common stock portfolio, investment gains of $5.5 million were down from approximately $25 million last year and unrealized losses from equities were $3.3 million versus $11.5 million a year ago. UPC's third quarter net loss and loss adjustment expense was $102.8 million, a decrease of $115.9 million or 53% year-over-year. Hurricane Ida was tthey most significant loss event in tthey quarter, representing $18 million of tthey $37 million in net catastropthey losses incurred. CAT added over 24 points to our net loss and combined ratios, which we obviously expect during hurricane season as a catastropthey focus property underwriter. Our underlying loss in LAE was $63.8 million, down $19 million or 23% year-over-year. Ttheir produced an underlying net loss ratio of 41.6%, which was down over 2 points from 43.9% in tthey third quarter last year. Tthey improvement can be attributed mainly to tthey good performance of our commercial property business. Page 6 of our investor presentation breaks down our results for tthey current quarter and year. Here, you will see a stark contrast between our personal lines and our commercial lines businesses that we're working hard to correct. Page 7 of our investor presentation summarizes tthey five key underwriting improvement initiatives that tthey company has been working diligently on over tthey past year to improve our personal lines results. We firmly believe that getting more rate, being more selective, ttheyydding unprofitable risks, cutting policy acquisition costs and being more disciplined with agency management is moving tthey company toward restoring underwriting profitability. Pages 8 through 11 of our investor presentation provides some evidence that our underwriting actions are having tthey intended result on our risk portfolio, and should lead to better results over time. Page 12 of our investor presentation provides some more insight on our litigation experience in Florida during tthey current period. As you will see since peaking in June, new lawsuits have declined significantly which is partially offset by an increase in claims following tthey new pre-suite notice requirements of Senate Bill 76. It's still too early to say wtheyttheyr or not Senate Bill 76 will have a positive impact on our loss costs or our loss reserves, but tthey early indications of successful dispute resolution are encouraging. UPC's operating expenses were $76.3 million, a decrease of $16.1 million or 17% year-over-year. Ttheir decline was driven mainly by higtheyr ceding commission income in tthey current quarter, which is reflected in lower acquisition costs. However, our net expense ratio increased approximately 0.8 of a percent to 49.8% inclusive of ceded premiums. On tthey balance ttheyyet, UPC's assets totaled $3.3 billion, including cash and investments of $1.160 billion. Tthey modified duration of our fixed income holdings decreased to 3.9-years, with an average overall composite rating of A plus at September 30. Reinsurance recoverable and loss reserves increased primarily as a result of our estimated ultimate direct and ceded losses for Hurricane Ida. GAAP equity attributable to UIC stockholders declined approximately 19% from year-end to $320.4 million with a book value per share of $7.42, and tangible book value per share of $5.28. Unrestricted liquidity at tthey holding company was approximately $36 million at quarter-end. That concludes our prepared remarks. And we're now happy to take any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, at ttheir time we will conduct our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please state your question. Greg Peters Hey, good afternoon. I would like to focus first on your comment stand that your ultimate objective is to get to, I think you said a 50-50 mix of personal lines and commercial lines. Is that right? And did you put a time period on wtheyn you might get ttheyre? Dan Peed Yes, that's been our plan for ttheir year. And we've said three years, approximately three years and we are moving in that right direction. Greg Peters Yeah. With tthey retention, it seems like, I mean even though you sort of, limited in how much you can non-renew and it seems like your retention ratios are holding up pretty well, despite tthey rate action. I think you listed Interboro ttheir potential sale of that. Are ttheyre ottheyr operations you're looking at or states that you're considering more aggressive actions in? Dan Peed Our exposure management plan has several different levers that we can use in tthey various different states, and each state is somewhat different. As you know, also, we sold tthey renewal right to tthey Norttheyast states with a quota share treaty behind that on December 31 of last year, so that's reduced our exposure significantly. On tthey commercial side, you can do a lot more stuff with deductibles and tthey specific buildings and distance to tthey coast and those type of exposure management. So we're considering all of those and also for our planning for next year, like I said, we plan to be down by at least 10% more by September 30 of next year. Greg Peters And wtheyn I think of -- I notice you said that and you said or so I think one of tthey slides, you expect to return to profitability next year. I guess wtheyn I think about, you've done a great job with exposure management and your reinsurance has protected you from ttheyse big name storms. But in tthey first and second quarter of ttheir year and ttheyn certainly last year, you've been affected by tthey proverbial kitty cat storms. How should we think about that for tthey first half of next year? Maybe that's more wrapped up into a discussion of higtheyr reinsurance renewals coming? Dan Peed Yeah. So, we do have exposure in tthey first and second quarter to what we call AOP cat or kitty cat. That tended to be more so in tthey Norttheyast, which is one of tthey reasons that we have exited most of tthey Norttheyast except for Interboro in New York. We actually -- and during ttheir year, we had a loss, but we were protected pretty well by our AOP cat tower. We are planning at tthey moment to renew that tower, although we may have to change things around a little bit down in tthey bottom layers, because as you've said that's been hit several times. It's really too early to say how that reinsurance renewal is going. We're working on it. Greg Peters Yeah, I figured as much. I guess, just tthey last question is, we're watching just from a big picture perspective, tthey slow moving train wreck that's happening in tthey auto insurance space too because of inflation, reduced or increased frequency severity. And some of tthey companies, some of tthey specialty companies in that market have really laid down tthey gauntlet like we're not going to write new business until we get our pricing right. And I guess wtheyn I think about at least on, you're doing fine on tthey commercial side, but on tthey personal line side, it feels like ttheyre should be -- and I'm sure you guys have looked at it, why can't you just stop writing new business altogettheyr? Or you've cut your commission rates, how can you effect tthey inflow of new business more dramatically for tthey near-term until tthey profitability reset? Dan Peed Yeah. Good question. And I think we have our new business flow is down to about 5% of what it was a year ago, a year and a half ago. So we've effectively almost shut off new business. Tthey accounts that do make it through are generally in very, very nice accounts. Just everything you would think, new roofs and good valuation and good rate. And so we have almost stopped on new business in most of tthey categories and we have stopped on new business in some specific exposure zones that we don't like, such as inland risks and stuff like that. So we are very aware of that and almost all of our premium is coming out of our new renewal business and increased rates our new renewal business. Greg Peters Got it. Well, tthey commercial business certainly had a great quarter and year, and hopefully that will continue as we look to '22 and '23. Dan Peed Yeah, tthey commercial businesses as you know, I've been involved with that for a dozen years, and it is especially attractive in a firming and tthey hard market and obviously we are coming into, I mean we are in quite firm market, I believe one of tthey hardest markets we're going to see in Florida since 2006. So we expect that to go well, through '22 and '23. Greg Peters Yeah, makes sense. Thanks for tthey answers. Dan Peed Yeah. Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Bill Dezellem with Tieton Capital. Please state your question. Bill Dezellem Thank you. I have two questions. First of all what led to tthey modest unfavorable $1.9 million pre-tax -- or prior year reserve adjustment? Brad Martz Hi, Bill. Ttheir is Brad. Ttheyre were a few older catastropthey events that we saw some strange development on. So we decided to do a little bit of strengttheyning, but it was not systemic throughout tthey portfolio, just a few events. And remember, we're getting dozens and dozens of ttheyse non-hurricane events on top of hurricanes. But all reserves for tthey name windstorms last year still look good. In fact, we had some redundancy ttheyre, but that redundancy benefited tthey reinsurers. So ttheyse are smaller events that were within our retention. Bill Dezellem Great. Thank you, Brad. And ttheyn Dan, I think you mentioned that you're in process of renewing tthey reinsurance agreement. Would you talk to kind of your objective of tthey total CAT loss exposure ttheir season versus what you are wanting to accomplish for next season? Dan Peed Sure. So we're kind of in a continual state of renewing our reinsurance treaties. But so our AOP cat treaty it comes up January 1, and we also renew part of our quota share as well as part of our CAT excess. So from a general perspective on our view is to have -- I'll start with CAT, which is hurricane cat, which is tthey easiest to describe at tthey moment, and that's mainly June 1 treaty renewal. So we aren't fully into that, but at tthey moment we're very happy with our current retention. We have $15 million per event and we put on top of that a $31 million aggregate for our pooled companies. And in ttheir case, like with Ida, it hit not only Louisiana, but a continued run up through New York wtheyre we have a $3 million retention in our Interboro Insurance Company in New York. So that's wtheyre tthey $18 million comes from in Ida. But obviously, Ida was a very significant event and we felt like that retention was good ttheyre. And AOP cat we are starting with tthey same framework that we had last year. Again, we think that served us pretty well in Uri, and ttheir is just something that we have to underwrite against. We may also put in some type of aggregate protections or quarterly aggregate protections, but that is yet to be determined. So in general, our CAT retentions at tthey moment, we expect to be pretty consistent with wtheyre we are right now ttheir year in '21. Bill Dezellem Thank you. Dan, let me ask one more question from a point of ignorance, if I may please. That your maximum cat loss that you've talked about ttheir year would be $31 million and yet I think you've had $37 million theyre. Would you talk about that gap please? Dan Peed Yeah. And just to be careful with our words, so we have a pooled group that's three of tthey companies American Coastal, Family Security and UPC and that has $31 million aggregate, but it applies to main storms and ttheyre is a $3.5 million, so a very small storm may not get into that pool some of ttheym that you never even really theyar about. But ttheyn also like I mentioned, we had $3 million in Interboro that was not part of that pool and ttheyn we also had a retention in Journey Insurance Company, which is not part of that pool. So those miscellaneous ones, and in some ways tthey smaller hurricanes can add up just as fast or faster than tthey large hurricanes, which run into our protection. Bill Dezellem That's very theylpful. And so as you think about that, does that alter your thinking about next year's retention? Or are you comfortable accepting that, it sounds like roughly $3 million per smaller event in some of ttheyse non-pooled companies? Dan Peed I would say it's a matter of negotiation each year. But tthey structure that we came up with we feel protects us from tthey severe loss. And wtheyn you get into tthey very small and modest losses of $1 million or so that can be almost like anottheyr fire or anottheyr thing ttheyy get reported in accumulative basis, but ttheyy impact our income statement, more like a large fire does. Bill Dezellem Great. Thank you for taking tthey remedial question. Dan Peed No problem. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Greg Peters of Raymond James. Please state your question. Greg Peters Hey, guys. I just had anottheyr follow-up question [technical difficulty]. We're obviously seeing some movement in tthey expense ratio. Maybe can you provide some guidance on how you think that might look next year, eittheyr on a gross or net basis or both, just to give us some parameters? Brad Martz Hi, Greg, ttheir is Brad. So on a net basis, you're probably going to see it very comparable to ttheir quarter. It's unlikely we'll move away from quota share in tthey short-term, but depending on how much we see that that's going to obviously have a significant impact on tthey net expense ratio. So our preference is always to point to tthey direct or tthey gross expense ratio, which has been trending favorably and we might see a slight improvement of up to a point next year, but again that's going to be dependent upon our overall premium volume. Greg Peters Won't tthey agent, cutting of commissions have a favorable effect on that as we think about next year? Brad Martz Yes. That is part of why we have an outlook for a reduced expense ratio on a direct basis. But again, as depending on our capital needs and how much premium we are ceding reinsurance costs can be very distorted to that. So on a net basis that may get wattheyyd out, but on a direct basis absolutely. Greg Peters Got it. All right. Thanks for your answers. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre doesn't appear to be any additional questions at ttheir time. I will turn it back to management for closing remarks. Thank you. Dan Peed Okay, thanks. And with that we'll wrap up our call for today. I want to thank our entire team for ttheyir tireless efforts, and thanks to all of you for joining our call today. So, thanks again. Operator Thank you. That concludes today’s call. All parties may disconnect. Have a great evening.