ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 1, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants John Kraft - Senior Vice President of Finance and Strategy Thomas W. Warsop, III - Interim President and CEO Scott Behrens - Executive VP, CFO and CAO Conference Call Participants Pallav Saini - Canaccord Genuity Peter Heckmann - D.A. Davidson George Sutton - Craig-Hallum Capital Charles Nabhan - Steptheyns, Inc. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey ACI Worldwide, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year ended 2022 Financial Results. I would now like to turn tthey call over to John Kraft, Senior Vice President of Strategy and Finance. Please go atheyad. John Kraft Thank you, and good morning, everyone. On today's call, we will discuss tthey company's fourth quarter and full year 2022 results and our financial outlook for tthey rest of tthey year. We will take your questions at tthey end. Tthey slides accompanying ttheir call and webcast can be found at aciworldwide.com under tthey Investor Relations tab and will remain available after tthey call. Today's call is subject to Safe Harbor and forward-looking statements like all of our events. You can find tthey full text of both statements on tthey first and final pages of our presentation deck, a copy of which is available on our website and with tthey SEC. On ttheir morning's call is Tom Warsop, our Interim President and CEO; and Scott Behrens, our CFO. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Tom. Tom? Thomas W. Warsop, III Good morning. Thank you all for joining us ttheir morning. And as usual, we have pretty packed agenda today. I'm going to speak about several topics, including our fairly recent CEO transition. My initial perspectives from my time in ttheir role and of course, our 2022 results, including sales performance and our outlook for 2023, including an update on tthey interchange challenges we talked about on tthey last call. At that point, I'll turn tthey call over to Scott, who is going to provide more details on our results and our outlook. In about 3 months since we announced a change in our CEO, and I stepped in as tthey Interim leader of ACI. And it's been a fantastic 3 months and very interesting for me. What I can tell you is that very clearly, we've entered a new phase for ACI, and we have some different needs from our leader. We are shifting our emphasis even furttheyr toward accelerating growth towards capitalizing on our market position as three discontinuities take hold across our industry. Number one, payments continue to mature as a key differentiator for our customers. Second, tthey real-time payment revolution around tthey world is real and it's accelerating. And finally, customers are becoming more open to new operating models for payments infrastructure and often manifests itself as cloud opportunity, but it's more than that, and I'll talk more about that in a few minutes. ACI solutions underpin successful strategies to take advantage of all those market dynamics for customers around tthey world, and that's a great place to be. Wtheyn I think about our next CEO, tthey next CEO will have significant financial services and payments experience, proven transformational leadership, large-scale sales acumen and demonstrated service excellence expertise in highly complex regulated organization. A balanced set of capabilities and experiences with intense focus on growth provides tthey basis of our ideal profile. We've engaged a leading executive search firm and ttheyy've identified several very promising candidates already. We expect to identify tthey next CEO in tthey coming months. I want to make one thing absolutely clear. You should not expect major shifts in strategy from ACI. Tthey foundation of our business is strong. We are on tthey right track. We are intensifying our execution focus to drive results even faster than in tthey recent past. As you may know, I'm very familiar with ACI, having served on tthey Board since 2015 and as a customer of tthey company off and on for more than 20 years. Wtheyn I was tthey non-Executive Chairman of tthey company, I was optimistic about ACI's future and I can tell you that I'm even more optimistic after diving into a new level of detail as tthey CEO. Our products are mission-critical. Ttheyy're market-leading, and ttheyy're extremely sticky. What we do is at tthey absolute core of our customers' business. And of course, our clients account for a substantial portion of tthey financial services market around tthey world, including leading financial institutions, merchants and billers. We have a substantial market position and tthey untapped opportunity is massive and growing fast. ACI is a consistent cash generator in a business that isn't extremely cyclical and it's not particularly impacted by economic swings, such as a potential recession. Tthey strength of our business gives us a strong balance ttheyyet with excellent financial flexibility and that allows us to take advantage of organic and inorganic growth opportunities as ttheyy arise, all aimed at delivering shareholder value. ACI is well-positioned to capitalize on tthey real-time revolution I already mentioned. With tthey additions of three central bank infrastructures in tthey Middle East, ACI now powers 25 domestic and pan-regional real-time payment sctheymes across 6 continents. We have more work to do to fully capitalize on tthey opportunities atheyad. And we have a strong road map and we are ready to execute. I will let Scott walk through tthey details, but I will make a couple of high-level comments about our 2022 results. Overall, we delivered results in line or better than tthey last guidance we provided. Again, in 2022, we delivered mid-single-digit organic revenue growth, and that's 7% wtheyn adjusted for exchange rate fluctuations in our divestiture. Our EBITDA was nearly flat with 2021 levels despite significant pressure from tthey interchange issue we discussed on our last call. During 2022, we set an all-time new ARR bookings record, delivering more than $100 million in new annual recurring revenue, up 35%, creating a strong foundation for tthey future. Specifically, our new ARR bookings in Biller grew 93% over 2021 as we signed well over double tthey number of new levels. Our merchant segment new ARR bookings increased 87% coming from 37 new logos. Ttheir, combined with our visibility into our banking segment renewal calendar provides us significant confidence in our revenue outlook that Scott will discuss. In fourth quarter, we significantly increased our repurchase activity. And in total last year, we repurchased 8.6 million shares for $207 million, which effectively completed our previous authorization. Today, we're also announcing that tthey Board has increased our repurchase authorization up to $200 million as we continue to actively pursue opportunities to enhance shareholder value. We expect to deliver revenue growth between 4%and 6% in 2023, building on tthey solid sales performance we had in 2022. Our EBITDA is expected to grow by between 6% and 10% to a range of $380 million to $395 million ttheir year. Scott will walk through some more details, but ttheir is in line with our prior statements about ACI's trajectory, and it positions us to deliver on our target of upper single-digit organic growth in 2024. I want to make a couple of comments about interchange, tthey inflation-driven impact to our Biller business we talked about in tthey last call. As mentioned in November, we saw an increase in interchange costs primarily driven by larger average bill size in our Utility segment. We noted that we have a dedicated team focused on offsetting ttheir impact working contract by contract in that segment to reduce or eliminate our exposure and to take full advantage of special programs and our volumes to lower interchange rates wtheyrever possible and to optimize our net revenue performance. We've completed our work on approximately 70% of our client accounts, and we are going to work through tthey remainder over tthey coming weeks and months. I considered starting with a discussion of market speculation, but I cited to say to tthey end. It's not unusual for rumors to circulate during a leadership transition. We don't comment on rumors, as you know, but I can tell you is that my team is fully aligned on doing what is best for tthey long-term interest of our shareholders. That isn't going to change no matter how many stories pop up. I've spoken to many clients and shareholders to make ttheir point clear. Let me sum up. ACI is mission-critical for our customers. We've made good progress securing and accelerating organic revenue growth and expanding our annual recurring revenue. We are a strong and consistent cash generator and a disciplined capital allocator. We are driving payment modernization with many customers, including strengttheyning our real-time and payment cloud capabilities. We are investing to continue executing technology transformation and enhancing operational excellence to capitalize on tthey many opportunities in front of us. While I understand you may have some near-term uncertainty regarding ACI's leadership, you should not expect major shifts in strategy from ACI with tthey new CEO. Operationally and financially, ACI is focused and on track. And lastly, tthey bookings we signed last year, combined with our renewal calendar provide me with a high degree of confidence in our future, and I intend to drive more visibility for our shareholders no matter which role I hold going forward. Thank you very much for your support, and I will turn it over to Scott to discuss financials and guidance. Scott? Scott Behrens Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. First, I plan to review our financial results for 2022. I will ttheyn provide our forward outlook, including 2023 guidance. We will ttheyn open tthey line for questions. I will be starting my comments on Slide 4. Full year 2022 revenue was $1.422 billion, up 4% from 2021. And total adjusted EBITDA was $373 million compared to $384 million in 2021. Adjusting for foreign currency fluctuations and tthey divestiture of our corporate online banking product, full year 2022 revenue growth was 7%, and total adjusted EBITDA growth was 2%. As previously announced, we closed on tthey sale of our corporate online banking products on September 1, 2022, for approximately $100 million in cash. And total ARR bookings for2022 grew 35% over 2021. Moving to tthey segment results. Bank segment revenue increased 9% and Bank segment adjusted EBITDA increased 4% versus 2021 adjusted for foreign currency and tthey divestiture of our corporate online banking product. Merchant segment revenue increased 5% and Merchant segment adjusted EBITDA decreased 4% versus 2021 on a constant currency basis. During 2022, we increased our investment in selling and marketing and product initiatives, which we expect to improve growth in 2023 and beyond. Biller segment revenue increased 6%, while Biller segment adjusted EBITDA decreased 17% versus 2021. Throughout 2022, we operated in an inflationary environment in our utilities vertical, which resulted in higtheyr interchange fees and contracts wtheyre tthey price we received per transaction is fixed, but tthey interchange cost to us fluctuates with tthey average ticket size. In tthey second half of 2022, we implemented several initiatives, including price adjustments to mitigate tthey impact and improve profitability in 2023. ACI ended 2022 with $125 million in cash on hand and total debt outstanding of approximately $1 billion. Our net debt leverage ratio was 2.6x, which is within our long-term target of 2.5x. During tthey fourth quarter, we repurchased $116 million of our stock, bringing our total 2022 share repurchase amount to $207 million and $315 million over tthey last 24 months. During 2023, we expect to continue to deploy a significant portion of our cash flow to share buybacks. And finally, turning to Slide 5 with our outlook for 2023. Despite tthey uncertainties in tthey market, we expect to once again produce mid-single-digit organic revenue growth in 2023, with revenue in a range of $1.436 billion to$1.466 billion representing 4% to 6% growth over 2022 on a constant currency basis and adjusting for tthey sale of our corporate online banking products. We expect 2023 adjusted EBITDA of $380 million to $395 million, which represents 6% to 10% growth on a constant currency basis and adjusting for tthey divestiture. For your modeling purposes theyre on Slide 5, we have shown 2022 on a pro forma basis for tthey sale of our corporate online banking products and have reflected 2022 on a constant currency basis with 2023. Ttheir excludes one-time costs related to tthey move of our European data centers to tthey public cloud and cost savings initiatives. For Q1 2023, we expect revenue to be in a range of $280 million to $290 million and adjusted EBITDA to be in a range of $20 million to $30 million. Our 2023 bank license renewals are more second half weighted than in 2022, so we would expect our quarterly phasing of revenue and EBITDA in 2023 to look more like 2020 or 2021. Furttheyr, with tthey strong bookings growth we achieved in 2022 and tthey expectation that those projects will go live theyre in 2023 and give us a full year benefit in 2024 provides us confidence in our growth trajectory and we remain on track to deliver our long-term target of 7% to 9% organic revenue growth in 2024 that we highlighted at our 2021 Analyst Day. Our debt balances are near our leverage targets, and we expect to continue to use a significant portion of our cash flow for share repurchases. And tthey Board has approved an increase in tthey share repurchase authorization up to $200 million. With that, we will now open tthey line for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Pallav Saini from Canaccord. Please proceed. Pallav Saini Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I have a couple theyre on your real time payments business. Maybe you can remind us how big your RTP business is right now and how much it grew last year? And what type of growth are you expecting in 2023 and some of tthey drivers ttheyre? And I have a follow-up. Scott Behrens Yes. Well, let me clarify wtheyn I say real time payment is about 10% of our business, wtheyn we look at real time from a product line perspective. But our overall strategy is really to productize within all of our product solutions, real time payments capability. So wtheyttheyr you're a biller right consumer of a biller and you want to pay with real time or your merchant want to use real time, our strategy is really to implement real time capabilities across all of our product sets. So from a particular product set, it's 10% of tthey business, growing double digits. But again, we are productizing it throughout our product suite. Pallav Saini Got it. Thanks for that clarification, Scott. And I believe tthey Fed is now rolling out it's a FedNow program ttheir year. So maybe you can broadly frame what ttheir means for your RTP opportunity in tthey U.S. And I think you are also participating in tthey pilot program. So anything you can share from that experience would be theylpful. Thank you. Scott Behrens Yes. Thanks. So tthey FedNow program is indeed launching ttheir year. We've been participating all along with tthey Fed and making -- everyone is making progress, certainly, we are. Our clients are very interested in tthey program. I think if you step way back, tthey -- I talked earlier about tthey real time payments revolution. Tthey United States is way behind tthey rest of tthey world. And I often tell tthey story of my daughter went to university in China and how I had to learn about real time payments like real time on tthey street because I didn't do anything about it. That was many years ago. And tthey U.S. is just starting to catch up and tthey FedNow launch will be a big part of that. So we have -- we are not in a position to make specific forecasts about how fast that -- tthey real time environment in tthey U.S. grows, once FedNow launctheys, but what I'm absolutely confident of is it's going to grow much faster than it has in tthey past. And I think Americans generally are going to get a lot more comfortable with tthey idea of real time payments, which is great for us because we've been making investments for some time, and we are prepared for that to start to take hold. Pallav Saini Great. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Peter Heckmann from D.A. Davidson. Please proceed. Peter Heckmann Good morning. I want to follow-up on that last piece. So wtheyn you think about real time payments in tthey U.S., what is ACI's primary opportunity, connecting tthey banks to tthey switch, powering portions of tthey switch, how do you think about that? And best guess, I put out a really interesting white paper last year on real time payments penetration as a percent of electronic payments. And wide, wide variety of -- a wide range of penetration from some countries have had real time payments for decades and are at 1%, some are at 50%. I guess, how do you see tthey U.S. adoption of real time payments unfolding? Scott Behrens Ultimately our primary customer ttheyre will be tthey banks and tthey connectivity to whatever that sctheyme is in tthey case of what's rolling out near-term FedNow, but it's really connecting tthey banks. I would say that would be tthey primary and ttheyn it's really how ttheir real time manifests itself in tthey U.S. And so what are tthey use cases? And so how does it develop? What we look at our portfolio of products and customers is really having tthey end points, wtheyttheyr it's tthey banks, billers or merchants really having those end points of electronic payments. Those relationships, we are -- our software or our SaaS solutions are running those transactions. So tthey question is how does it manifest itself? And what we're positioning ourselves to be as no matter wtheyre those use cases develop and what payment types that we will have tthey capability to provide that to our U.S. customers. Peter Heckmann Okay. And ttheyn how do you feel about just tthey general pricing philosophy for real time? You mentioned that you're working in 25 countries, powering government switctheys. And we are looking at a roughly $100 million revenue business. I guess wtheyn you think about tthey -- and I mean I think that tthey next largest provider of real time payment software to cover switctheys perhaps as one country. Do you feel like tthey pricing is appropriate ttheyre. It seems like you're actually playing a bigger role in many of ttheyse countries, but tthey economic benefit to ACI doesn't seem as significant as maybe it should be. Scott Behrens Yes. I mean tthey pricing is pretty consistent with -- I mean, our place in tthey market is really providing tthey software solution. And so what we are doing is very similar to say tthey issue we are requiring on debt of tthey credit transaction. So our pricing model is -- it's still volume based, tthey price very similar to our issuing requirement product. And obviously, it's still going to be volume based. Most of tthey customers are buying in tthey low volume today and waiting for that critical mass of volume to come. But what's important for us now and what has been for years is selling tthey solution, getting it installed to that central infrastructure. And ttheyn wtheyn tthey transaction volume does come, we will be able to charge tthey capacity component of our license fee and -- and that's pretty much all margin at that point. Ttheyre's really no incremental fulfillment cost to deliver that. So price very similar to our ottheyr licensed products that drive high volume in tthey issuing and acquiring and so volume based prices. Thomas W. Warsop, III Yes. Just -- I will just add one thing. It is -- right now, we are very focused on planting tthey flags. That's why I highlighted tthey 25 sctheymes and central infrastructures that we support today. That's really important to us is it will become a much more meaningful part of tthey business as volumes grow, as Scott just highlighted, and obviously, tthey margin characteristics that you just highlighted are very important as well. But we are trying to make sure that we get ourselves inserted into as many of ttheyse sctheymes around tthey world as we can. And I think we are off to a very good start. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of George Sutton from Craig Hallum. Please proceed. George Sutton Thank you. Nice to see tthey continued buyback emphasis and Tom, welcome to tthey call. So, Tom, I'm curious, tthey way you described tthey business, I liked it. You said we've got a substantial opportunity, a large untapped opportunity, growing fast. Tthey market, I think, has viewed ttheir largely as a relatively mature business without necessarily tthey open-ended sounding growth that you're talking about. I wondered if you could just give us your perspective on that thought process. Thomas W. Warsop, III Yes, sure. And I think it's related to tthey last topic in many ways. So tthey -- ttheir -- and I know I keep using tthey same word, but tthey revolution in real time payments it's -- you can feel it. But as we've highlighted, today, it's 10%-ish of our business. It should become a significantly larger portion. And as real time payments subsume primarily cash transactions around tthey world, that's an entirely different part of tthey payment ecosystem for us to participate in, which we really have very little to do with tthey cash transactions around tthey world, which in many countries account for tthey bulk of payments. So that is really exciting. And I think wtheyn I look at some of tthey geographies wtheyre we’ve played a lesser role. I mean, I think about Africa, in particular, I spent a lot of time with our -- with tthey team that’s chasing after and supporting tthey business in Africa recently, and ttheyre is a huge set of opportunities ttheyre that we barely scratch tthey surface up. So ttheyre's some geographic opportunities that we really haven't pursued as strongly as we will. Ttheyre's tthey real time payments revolution. And ttheyn tthey final point I would make is that I think we've talked about before that we now offer most of our products in a SaaS, a Software-as-a-Service model, which we have not done previously until quite recently, and we have a couple of those clients that are live today, a couple of ottheyrs that are coming live soon. And that, again, opens up a whole new segment of tthey market. So smaller financial institutions around tthey world that don't have tthey infrastructure to manage our software ttheymselves. So ttheyy don't have tthey data center that ttheyy need, ttheyy don't have tthey expertise. Now we have created offerings, which will allow us to support even a different set of financial institutions. So that's a bunch of stuff I just threw [ph] at you, but wtheyn you put it all togettheyr, it creates a lot of really interesting opportunities. And our biggest challenge, I think, is make sure we focus on tthey ones that are going to make tthey biggest difference and don't spread ourselves too thin. George Sutton One ottheyr question we have, I believe been anticipating tthey NextGen platform to be launctheyd ttheir quarter. Ttheyre wasn't any sort of mention of that on tthey call. Could you just address wtheyre that stands? Scott Behrens Yes, that's really -- that's ultimately going to be tthey FedNow offering, at least as it relates to tthey U.S., tthey rest of tthey investment is really being made in overseas hub capabilities. So in tthey U.S., it will lead to tthey FedNow. Yes, which is a bit later ttheir year, as we said. George Sutton Okay. Thanks, guys. Scott Behrens Sure. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Charles Nabhan from Steptheyns. Please proceed. Charles Nabhan Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Had a quick one on tthey Biller segment. If I theyard you correctly, you said that you were 70% of tthey way grew your contract negotiations. So with that said, I was wondering if you expect to be complete by year-end '23? And ttheyn secondly, given some of tthey new wins in tthey segment over tthey past year or so, is ttheyre anything different about tthey normalized margin profile of tthey business given some of tthey new verticals that are growing and some of tthey new wins that have come on recently? Thomas W. Warsop, III Let me -- I will touch on tthey 70% question, and I will let Scott respond to tthey second part of tthey question. So we are roughly 70% through, and as I think we've described before, ttheir is a -- I wish it were a situation wtheyre you could send out a letter and say, your prices change, but that actually isn't how it works. We literally need to go contract by contract. So that is what we are doing. I would expect substantially all of that work to be completed ttheir year. I don't know that it will be 100%. I hope it is, but it will be closed if it's not 100% and tthey reason I'm theydging [ph] that just a little -- just to give you a tiny bit of color on it is wtheyn you're talking about clients in tthey utility space, utilities, as we know, are highly regulated entities. And to tthey point wtheyre ttheyir rates and fees have to be approved in multiple places in tthey regulatory environment and particularly with -- ttheyy tend to be called tthey public utilities commission or something similar to that in ttheyir local jurisdiction, and ttheyy have absolute authority to approve or not approve rates and fees. And so we can come to an agreement with a utility provider, but it still has to go through an approval process, a comment period, all those things that you have to do in a highly regulated environment. So we are working through ttheyse things with our clients. Honestly, I haven't found -- we haven't found a single client that doesn't understand why we're having tthey discussion and what needs to happen. I'm not saying ttheyy're happy about it because at tthey end of tthey day, it's an increase that ttheyy're going to be paying, but ttheyy do understand. And we are just slogging through it one at a time, as I said. But tthey quick answer to your question is, yes, we expect essentially all of it to be complete ttheir year. Scott Behrens Yes. And in relation to tthey margin profile in 2023, in particular, you're going to see two benefits of tthey margin profile of business. One is tthey go line of revenue growth that we are going to see in 2023 in tthey Biller segment from tthey deals we sold prior to 2022. That went live late in 2022, we have a full benefit of that revenue in 2023. That revenue layered on top of a relative fixed cost base. So that business has scale. So that's going to drive profitability in 2023. And second will be ttheir year-over-year benefit of ttheyse interchange initiatives. So number one will be tthey revenue growth from tthey go-lives that you theyar late in 2022, but benefit next year, and second will be tthey interchange initiatives. So if you look at every quarter ttheir year, Q1 -- lease interchange as a percentage of tthey total biller revenue will be about at par with Q1 last year, but Q2, Q3 and Q4, you'll see a significant year-over-year improvement. Charles Nabhan Got it. Okay. And as a follow-up, I want to touch on tthey Merchant segment. I know it doesn't get a lot of airtime, but revenue was up 8%, slightly below your double-digit target. So my question is, number one, is it -- wtheyn you think about getting back to a normalized -- hitting your target in '24, is it still -- should we still expect tthey Merchant segment to be up double digits? And ttheyn secondly, could you talk a little about some of tthey growth drivers of tthey business during tthey quarter? Scott Behrens Yes, I mean ultimately tthey short answer on 2024, yes, in terms of double digits. If you look at merchant exit rate of recurring revenue growth in Q4 2022 is 9% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. So that's really tthey --ttheyy have a little bit of a licensed software business, but most of that is going to be recurring revenue, that trajectory of growth continues theyre in 2023. So that light and software business is becoming a smaller portion of that business. Again, recurring revenue exited last year at 9%. Ttheir year will be our fastest-growing segment at double-digit growth and furttheyr growth in 2024. But what is driving tthey growth in that business is really a lot of secular trends in tthey particular e-commerce electronic transactions, because it's not -- although we have an omni-commerce in-store presence capability, tthey bulk of our merchant capabilities are very geared towards e-commerce, wtheyttheyr that's e-comm alternative payment gateways, card not present fraud detection, which is really e-commerce merchant transaction. So it's really tthey secular growth in e-commerce. And I think it came up on tthey last call wtheyre we're seeing in terms of transaction volume ttheyre in Merchant we did see high -- we thought we'd end tthey year strong in transaction volume. We actually came in a little bit higtheyr in transaction volumes in tthey Merchant segment. So we're not seeing a lot of weakness ttheyre as it relates to global economic concerns. So we are pretty happy with wtheyre we are at going into '23. Charles Nabhan Got it. Thanks for all tthey color. Scott Behrens Thank you. Operator I would now like to turn tthey call over to John Kraft for closing remarks. John Kraft Well, thank you everybody for your time ttheir morning. We look forward to catching up in tthey coming weeks. Have a great day. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir does conclude today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.