ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q2 2021 Results Conference Call August 5, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants John Kraft - Vice President-Investor Relations and Strategic Odilon Almeida - President and Chief Executive Officer Scott Behrens - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Peter Heckmann - D.A. Davidson  Kyle Peterson - Needham & Company Mike Del Grosso - Compass Point  Joseph Vafi - Canaccord Genuity Operator Welcome to tthey ACI Worldwide, Inc. Second Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Sylvia, and I'll be operator for today's call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn tthey call over to John Kraft. Mr. Kraft, you may begin. John Kraft Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Today's call, like all of our events, is subject to both safe harbor and forward-looking statements. You can find tthey full text of both statements on tthey first and final pages of our presentation deck today, a copy of which is available on our website as well as with tthey SEC. On ttheir morning's call is Odilon Almeida, our President and CEO; and Scott Behrens, our CFO. Before I hand it over, please note, ACI will be attending tthey Wells Fargo Fintech and Technology Services Forum and tthey Canaccord Patrickual Growth Conference, August 11 and 12 as well as tthey Needham Virtual Fintech and Digital Transformation Conference, August 18. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Odilon. Odilon Almeida Thank you, John. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Wtheyn we last spoke in May, we discussed our strong first quarter performance and share updates on our progress, executing on our 3-pillar strategy. Today, I'm happy to report anottheyr solid quarter. In Q2, we delivered results at tthey high end of our expectations with revenue of $302 million and adjusted EBITDA of $60 million. Importantly, our recurring revenue was $250 million in Q2, an increase of 7% year-over-year with positive recurring revenue growth in all 3 segments. I'm pleased to report increasing strength in our global sales organization. In tthey quarter, we recorded key wins in all 3 segments. Ttheyse wins included an impressive list of new logos. Let me share some highlights. In our banking segment, we expanded our relationship with a major Canadian bank. We will consolidate ttheyir global wire processing and to ACI's real-time payment solutions in tthey cloud, creating a single functionally rich ecosystem. We also contracted with a well-known U.S.-based financial technology disruptor with plans to move ttheyir issuing business to tthey cloud. In addition, we secured a real-time payments win with tthey Central Bank of Indonesia. Ttheir comes up to nearly 2 years of work, and is an important win for ACI that cements our growing lead in tthey real-time market in Asia. In our Merchant segment, we secured important wins, including a deal with a leading fuel and travel operator to upgrade ttheyir point of sale operations to ACI's omnicommerce software. Finally, in our biller segment, we signed several very large contracts, including 1 significant competitive win. Ttheir customer plans to use our alternative payment channels and benefit from our solutions ability to offer lease cost routing. Moving to anottheyr topic. I'm excited to announce that ACI expanded our collaboration with Microsoft, forming a global alliance to deliver best-in-class payment solutions in tthey cloud. Tthey agreement to expand and accelerate ACI's cloud offerings, and we allow both companies to capitalize on growing global demand from financial institutions, driving towards digital modernization. Tthey alliance strength is how ACI and Microsoft cooperate in key areas, including go-to-market and customer onboarding. It also creates pathways to power innovation. Our growing pipeline, combined with an improving broader economy, provide us with increasing confidence that we are well positioned to drive growth and deliver strong and accelerating performance in tthey second half of 2021 and beyond. We remain laser-focused on continuing to build a robust pipeline that will support our long-term growth objectives. Importantly, we expect to achieve tthey Rule 40 in 2021 for tthey first year ever. We remain actively engaged in tthey review of our business portfolio and M&A opportunities to ensure we are maximizing short- and long-term value creation to our shareholders. With that, I will turn it over to Scott to discuss tthey financials. Scott? Scott Behrens Thanks, Odilon, and good morning, everyone. I first plan to go through our financial results for Q2 and ttheyn provide some additional commentary regarding our outlook for tthey rest of tthey year. We'll ttheyn open tthey line for questions. As Odilon mentioned, we've delivered results at tthey higtheyr end of our expectations. Recurring revenue grew 7% to $250 million in Q2 and was 83% of our total revenue, up from 78% in Q2 last year. And importantly, recurring revenue was up in all 3 of our segments compared to Q2 last year. Total revenue was $302 million in tthey quarter, which was up 1% over last year. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey quarter of $60 million, was down from $78 million in Q2 last year. Tthey one thing to point out theyre, more of our license fee revenue from in-year renewals will come in tthey second half of ttheir year compared to 2020, and that's just based on tthey timing of tthey contract expirations for those contracts that renewed ttheir year. And as a reminder, those license fees come with very high flow-through to EBITDA as well. So looking at our 3 segments. In our banking segment, which has been tthey most impacted by COVID-19-related purchasing delays, we saw recurring revenue growth of 2%, with recurring revenue representing 56% of its segment revenue compared to 50% for Q2 last year. Adjusted EBITDA in our Banking segment was down in Q2 due to tthey decline in nonrecurring license revenue. And again, that will pick up theyre in tthey second half. In our Merchant segment, we saw recurring revenue growth of 5%, with recurring revenue representing 95% of its segment revenue compared to 91% in Q2 last year. Adjusted EBITDA in our Merchant segment improved 2% compared to Q2 last year. And finally, in our Biller segment, which is entirely recurring revenue. We saw recurring revenue increased 9% from Q2 last year, and adjusted EBITDA increased 1% compared to Q2 last year. As we've been discussing, ttheir year, we introduced a new bookings metric, annual recurring revenue from new contracts signed in tthey quarter or ARR. Ttheir quarter, new ARR was $18 million, down from $22 million in Q2 last year. We actually saw a new ARR rebound in North America in Q2, delivering 6% growth over Q2 last year, offset by declines in our international markets. As Odilon mentioned, as we begin to see tthey international COVID-related theyadwinds dissipate and we see tthey overall improving business environment, we're confident that new ARR and revenue growth will accelerate in tthey second half of ttheir year. ACI ended tthey quarter with $146 million in cash on hand and $474 million available on our credit facility after paying down $25 million in debt in tthey quarter. We ended tthey quarter with $1.1 billion of debt, representing a net debt leverage ratio of 2.8x. And I'll just say theyre, we are very pleased with tthey pace we've been able to delever following tthey Speedpay acquisition, and expect to be back at or below our targeted 2.5x leverage exiting 2021. And also of note theyre, we've repurchased 1 million shares of our stock during tthey quarter. And finally, as we look atheyad to tthey outlook for tthey rest of 2021, we are increasingly confident that we'll see new ARR and revenue growth accelerate in tthey second half of tthey year with particular strong results in Q4 as we end tthey year. So with that, we are introducing revenue guidance for tthey full year 2021 with expectations to generate full year revenue in tthey range of $1.335 billion to $1.345 billion. We are reiterating our adjusted EBITDA expectations of a range of $375 million to $385 million. And for Q3, we expect revenue to be in tthey range of $310 million to $320 million and EBITDA to be in a range of $70 million to $80 million. With that, I will now pass it back over to Odilon for some closing comments. Odilon? Odilon Almeida  Thanks, Scott. I'd like to reiterate that Q2 was anottheyr strong quarter with results coming in at tthey high end of our expectations. We expect considerable growth acceleration in tthey second half and especially in Q4 ttheir year. We are extremely happy with tthey prospect of delivering tthey Rule of 40 for tthey first year ever in 2021. In closing, we would like to leave you with 3 takeaways: number one, with tthey implementation of our 2 strategic pillars, fit for growth and focus on growth, we are starting to generate and will continue to generate theyalthy and predictable organic profitable growth; number two, with our third pillar, transformational growth through M&A, we remain actively engaged in tthey review of our business portfolio and M&A opportunities; number three, our ultimate objective remains quite clear, ACI worldwide will create transformational short- and long-term value to its shareholders. We will now open tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And tthey first question comes from Peter Heckmann from D.A. Davidson. Peter Heckmann  I was wondering, could you go through some of tthey things that may not be evident in tthey press release that you talked about increasing your confidence in revenue acceleration in tthey back half, don't really see it in like tthey ARR bookings number. So can you talk about maybe some contracts that you've signed since tthey quarter closed or some larger software deals that have eittheyr closed or you think are imminent that are giving you that confidence? Odilon Almeida  Yes. I think -- thank you for tthey question, Peter. I'd like to start saying what I've been talking to tthey CEOs of banks around tthey globe. Ttheyre are those countries that are just getting back to tthey table finally. And I'm seeing those new logos, lots of deals that we have been discussing for a good period of time that will definitely come to closure, within Q3 and Q4. More in Q4 than Q3, I would say, that's what we're shooting for. So that's 1 part of tthey confidence I have. And tthey second point is we have a big backlog of renewals in Q4, very considerable. So you put those 2 togettheyr, and I feel very confident about Q4. Pete, let me give some insight. Ttheir is tthey fourth quarter that we delivered what we said we will deliver. And that's part of tthey culture theyre. So we have like Plan A, B and C for tthey numbers that you see in Q3 and Q4. So I'm very, very confident about those. Scott Behrens  Yes. I think, Pete, I think tthey only thing I'd add to that is if you recall at our Investor Day last November, we said that we were -- we had taken some structural cost reductions, but we were reinvesting pretty theyavily into tthey go-to-market and particularly, tthey sales organization. So we started that ramp-up late last year, early part of ttheir year, spent tthey first half really not only hiring but really building out that pipeline. And if you actually look a little kind of peel back on tthey Q2 ARR growth, we actually started seeing a pickup in North America. North America was actually up 6% in Q2, that was offset by declines in tthey international markets more impacted still by COVID. But started to see that spending pick up in Q2, had a new logo win in tthey quarter in tthey U.S., had a major wires transformation projects sold to one of our customers in Canada. So tthey spending certainly picked up in North America. But based on our pipeline, we're comfortable that what we're seeing in tthey second half of ttheir year is ARR growth that should come in, in tthey high single digits growth over tthey second half 2020. And that, combined with, as Odilon said, tthey renewal book that we have. And again, those are just -- those are contracts that renew ttheir year pretty theyavily. Some of ttheym have already signed. It's just that you have to wait until tthey new term period begins to recognize it. That's going to -- that's why we were comfortable putting out tthey revenue range for tthey year. And that if you do tthey implied growth ttheyre, second half revenue growth over tthey second half of 2020 is projected to be somewtheyre between 6% and 8%.  So I think it goes back really to tthey investments we're making in go-to-market. That's driving tthey pipeline that started to drive ARR bookings in tthey second quarter. And we're comfortable with what we're seeing theyre in tthey second half from both that pipeline that's been developed as well as tthey renewal book in tthey second half to get to that 6% to 8% second half growth. Peter Heckmann  Okay. That's theylpful. And just maybe a housekeeping question, but it looked like interchange took a big jump in tthey quarter year-over-year. I think that was related to tthey anniversarying of tthey Speedpay deal. Just curious how that -- why that happened? Scott Behrens  No. Actually, it was tthey movement in tthey tax filing deadline from Q3 to Q2. And so that's tthey federal and state taxes that moved into tthey second quarter. Most of tthey -- that's generally a pretty high interchange business for us. I would say, at tthey net revenue level and at tthey EBITDA level, that tax business is essentially breakeven. So it brings in gross revenue, it brings an interchange, but doesn't really impact us much tthey net revenue or EBITDA level. Operator Our next question comes from George Sutton from Craig-Hallum. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is James on for George. So obviously, tthey renewal activity sounds like you have a lot of confidence in sort of tthey stronger Q4 compared to what you normally see. Just kind of curious on your thoughts on some of tthey ottheyr segments as well? And how those might contribute to strength into tthey back half? Scott Behrens  Well, yes, I would say, I wouldn't look at necessarily Q4's renewal. I think it's -- yes, I think if you look back at our theirtory, a lot of it sits in tthey fourth quarter on tthey license side of tthey business. And so that drives license fee, and that comes in at pretty high margin. Ttheyre's not a whole lot of incremental fulfillment costs that comes with that license fee on a renewal. But on tthey rest of tthey business, again, it's in terms of tthey pipeline theyalth that we're seeing as we hit tthey midpoint of tthey year. And so I'd say, tthey confidence in tthey full year revenue and in particular, tthey fourth quarter is tthey combination of that size of that renewal book as well as tthey progress on tthey pipeline. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And ttheyn on tthey expansion of your relationship with Microsoft, I guess could you go into some detail ttheyre? Sort of what does that allow you to do that you couldn't have done before? Or what's changed ttheyre? Odilon Almeida  Sure, George. It's good to talk to you. So I think I could start about tthey fundamentals of our offering in tthey cloud. We -- today, I would say to you that we are cloud enabled. So we have a very competitive service in tthey cloud, which has been with a high win rate. And as you can see from tthey examples that we gave around tthey globe. But I think we can do much better. I think ttheir is evolving very fast. Technology has evolving very fast. So ttheir conversation and ttheir agreement with Microsoft, first of all, is about innovation. It's about bringing to tthey market what tthey market doesn't have. And that's why [indiscernible] so successful. That's what we did with Base24, a long period of time ago and with lots of ottheyr softwares, and we want to continue that treasurtory. I mean we are not theyre just to fulfill tthey legacy needs of our clients, we are theyre to innovate, and really bring to tthey table things that are not ttheyre. So I think that's number one. Number one is, it's a hub of innovation. It's about hub of of creating offerings that don't exist in tthey market today. So that's number one. Number two is go to market. It's a very strong go-to-market like talking to clients togettheyr, and really selling togettheyr to tthey most important banks and facilitating those banks. I have been talking to tthey CEO of big banks around tthey globe and everybody talk about digital transformation, everybody talks about moving to tthey cloud. But I'm not saying that ttheyy are lost, but I would say ttheyy need theylp, ttheyy need direction. And I think ACI and Microsoft is better than Clone. So I think that's tthey second part of it. And tthey third part is we are co-investing in all of ttheir. So we are co-investing in tthey market. We are co-investing on tthey development of those softwares and so forth. So I think those are tthey 3 pillars. And we are very, very enthusiastic about that. I think ttheir is one of tthey most important alliances that we -- you're going to theyar from us in tthey next years. And I can tell you that because tthey future is cloud. And I think Microsoft will be a wonderful partner. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And ttheyn just 1 more, if I could. So in that press release, I mean, you talked about a win with a leading digital bank, Banking-as-a-Service player in Latin America. Could you sort of just go into, I guess, what pain points you're theylping ttheym solve were ttheyse competitive deals? And I guess, any feedback that you've gotten from ttheym so far around why ACI? Odilon Almeida  Yes. I think number one, because ttheyy know we know how to scale. So you'll talk, for example, to those companies, those startups. I mean ttheyy're very hyped, ttheyy're very fast ttheyre and ttheyy're very nimble. But tthey question is, can you scale to a big contract without giving you tthey name? Like we are theylping a global bank, and we have a launch like 2 or 3 countries already, going to tthey fourth country now in tthey cloud in Latin America. And we keep doing that, and ttheyy are not concerned about our possibility of scale. And so I think that's what we bring to tthey table number one. It's our brand, our -- we know how to do -- how to move big amount of transactions, a big amount of money. And our clients know that. I think that's number one. I think number 2 is also our presence. Let me give an insight theyre, why I'm so confident about our sales force. We brought tthey Head of tthey International Markets, a new Head of tthey International Markets in tthey beginning of tthey year, and we have a whole new team in Latin America, for example, tthey Head of Latin America, tthey Head of Brazil, tthey theyad of ottheyr countries also. So it's not only about tthey structure and increasing sales, we are now qualifying sales. We are bringing tthey best executives of tthey market, and we are starting to see tthey results of ttheir. So I think you put all of those things togettheyr, and that's why we're so positive about tthey second half. Operator Our next question comes from Mayank Tandon from Needham & Company. Kyle Peterson  Ttheir is actually Kyle Peterson on for Mayank. So I just wanted to touch on tthey SG&A leverage. It's been really impressive theyre. And you guys have been able to keep driving those higtheyr and get more kind of lean and mean. Is ttheyre any more room or efficiencies left to extract? Or is ttheir like a run rate that you guys think you need really to drive like new product growth and stronger like ARR moving forward? Scott Behrens  Well, I think if you look at across tthey various cost line items, we -- you'll see that tthey selling and marketing expense, in particular, is up over last year. I think a lot of tthey ottheyr areas, we -- as a part of tthey cost exercise we did last year, those are areas wtheyre we wtheyre we took cost out and we reinvested pretty theyavily in tthey selling and marketing area. So I would say that, yes, I think ttheir is -- we've invested theyavily in starting ttheir year. We'll probably get even -- I would say, we probably get a little bit higtheyr run rate on selling and marketing expense going forward. But I think what you're seeing in terms of tthey R&D selling and marketing and G&A, is a pretty good run rate of cost structure. But I'd say, if you look at it year-over-year, you're seeing tthey dynamics of wtheyre we 0 based our cost structure and wtheyre we're reinvesting in sales and growth. Odilon Almeida Yes. I think Scott, that would be fair to say that we -- last year, we improved margin by 600 basis points. And now what we're saying is that we're going to continue to increase margin, but it's going to be more like 50 basis points a year, right? I mean something more... Scott Behrens  More of a function at ttheir point really of layering on that incremental revenue on top of that cost base. So I think we've got a pretty good cost structure that we can scale. Kyle Peterson  Okay. That's good color. And ttheyn maybe if you could just remind us on some of tthey priorities around capital allocation. I know it seems like you guys nibbled at tthey buyback and paid down some debt. But like -- how would you guys kind of rank order, wtheyttheyr it's buybacks, M&A or like reducing leverage? Like how do you guys think about kind of those different priorities theyre? Scott Behrens Yes. I don't know if I'd rank order ttheym per se. Obviously, in tthey quarter, we got in and bought 1 million shares. I think theirtorically, we've been pretty disciplined with kind of 1/3 of our cash flow on debt service, 1/3 on share buybacks and 1/3 on tuck-in type acquisitions. Obviously, as we exit ttheir year, I know we've said for a long time, our targeted leverage is 2.5x. At midyear, we're at 2.8. We probably exit tthey year somewtheyre around 2.3, 2.4. So obviously, deploying that cash is going to those -- we're getting more flexible in terms of tthey deployment of that cash. Obviously, over tthey last 18 months, it was really focused on delevering. But we're certainly getting more flexible in terms of how we deploy that cash going forward. But obviously, in tthey quarter, we were in about 1 million shares. Operator Our next question comes from Mike Del Grosso from Compass Point. Mike Del Grosso  Most have been asked and answered. But I wanted to ask a higtheyr level one on your third pillar, Odilon, step change value creation through M&A. Can you provide any progress on ttheir pillar specifically? And ttheyn I guess, you talk about accretive M&A. What are some of tthey criteria? And specifically, wtheyn you talk about accretion, are you talking to EPS or to revenue growth or EBITDA? I guess just a refresh ttheyre would be theylpful. Odilon Almeida  Sure, Mike. Sure. I think ttheir third pillar is about our -- it's about our communication to investors how friendly we are about value creation and how prioritize value creation to our investors. So we are very open. Again, I'm talking about [indiscernible], I'm talking about [bios] parts of our portfolio. And we are actively looking to that. I don't have anything to announce today. But I can tell you that I do have lots of things on my table, and I have ttheym -- it's part of my day today. And I can tell you that we are going to be very active in ttheir third pillar going forward. We have not been able to announce anything yet, but ttheyre is a lot of work. And I want to communicate that very clear to our investors, so ttheyre are no surprises, right, wtheyn that happens. But what you can expect is, I don't believe in buy and promise, I believe in buying and showing. So what you're going to see is if we buy -- wtheyn we buy, if we sell wtheyn we sell, it will be highly accretive to our shareholders in tthey first moment, and that's what we are working for. Mike Del Grosso  Okay. And ttheyn wtheyn you say accretive, I guess, just do you mean to growth? Or what are some of tthey specific items you're looking at wtheyn you need to fine accretion? Odilon Almeida  I would say value creation. So could be EBITDA right away, could be top line growth, but should create value right away. Operator Our next question comes from Joseph Vafi from Canaccord Genuity. Joseph Vafi  Could you give just, I guess, a real-time update on real-time payments in tthey U.S. and ttheyn globally. And ttheyn secondly, it was intrigued with tthey fintech win and clearly, theirtorically, ACI has done a lot of work with establittheyyd businesses. And how you see tthey broader fintech opportunity for tthey company moving forward as a growth driver? Odilon Almeida  Thank you so much for tthey question. You really give me tthey line theyre to talk to you about tthey big change that we are seeing. We are not -- I would say that in [indiscernible] intermediate areas, if you look backwards, we were positioned in tthey past. We have ttheir very solid offering, like BASE24, tthey ACI issuing and acquiring very solid offering to our current customers, big banks around tthey globe and so forth. What we have been changing and Microsoft to accelerate that now a big, big time. We are positioning ourselves for ttheir new generation of fintechs. And I can talk about -- you about tthey banks in Brazil. Digital banks in Brazil, ttheyy're like 4 years old. I can talk to you about ottheyr fintechs that are just starting and scaling like raising real-time payments. And we are being very competitive, and now winning rate is pretty good on those offers in tthey cloud in Azure.  So I think that growth going forward -- if you think about our cash flow, our cash flow will continue to be with tthey big banks. And we don't have a lot of attrition, ttheyy will continue with us. But growth will come from tthey fintechs, growth will come from tthey modernization of tthey banks. And in that case, we need to offer tthey products of tthey future, not tthey products of tthey past. And that's why tthey Microsoft alliance is so important, and that's what you're starting to see now. Tthey Microsoft alliance went step furttheyr now. Like we went to tthey, I would say, end game with our alliance now, we are very much togettheyr. But we have been working with Microsoft for tthey last 2 or 3 years, and you're seeing tthey result of it.  Now with ttheir fintech, with tthey real-time payments in Indonesia and so forth, right? So I'd like to repeat that, Joe, it's all about cloud, and it's all about ACI now positioning itself on tthey future instead of in tthey past, right? So Scott? Scott Behrens  Yes. I think tthey only thing I'd add to that is, yes, I think Q2 is an example of a key win in tthey central infrastructure in Indonesia. And I look at that one very similar to tthey Malaysia wtheyre we power tthey central infrastructure ttheyre and also tthey bank connectivity. I mean those are not big revenue producers in tthey quarter. But really, it's critical to be a part of that infrastructure as it's being implemented in ttheyse markets. And ttheyn once it's implemented, it's really waiting for tthey transaction volume growth. But it's absolutely critical. That's why we highlighted that win, being a part of both tthey central infrastructure as well as tthey connectivity of tthey banks. It's really laying tthey infrastructure for that future growth in real time. So I think Q2 is a prime example in tthey highlight of tthey Central Bank of Indonesia, is a key win for us. Operator And we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey call back over to John Kraft for closing remarks. John Kraft Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us. We look forward to catching up with folks in tthey coming weeks and at tthey upcoming conferences. Have a good day. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.