ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 9, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants John Kraft – Investor Relations Phil Heasley – Chief Executive Officer Scott Behrens – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants George Sutton – Craig-Hallum Brett Huff – Steptheyns David Eller – Wells Fargo Peter Heckmann – Davidson Operator Good morning, Ladies and gentlemen. My name is Jerome, and I will be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey ACI Worldwide Reports First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After speakers’ remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Now it’s my pleasure to hand tthey call over to your host, Mr. John Kraft. Tthey floor is yours. John Kraft Thank you, Jerome, and good morning, everybody. Today’s call, like all of our events, is subject to both safe harbor and forward-looking statements. You can find tthey full text of both statements on tthey first and final pages of our presentation deck today, a copy of which is available on our website as well as with tthey SEC. On ttheir morning’s call is Phil Heasley, our CEO; and Scott Behrens, our CFO. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Phil. Phil Heasley Thank you, John, and thank you, everyone, for joining today’s call. I’m pleased to start off by saying that ttheir morning we announced tthey completion of tthey acquisition of Speedpay from Western Union. I will spend tthey next few minutes covering both tthey immediate as well as longer-term strategic opportunities for ACI made available as a result of tthey Speedpay acquisition. Next, I’ll share a sampling of Q1 wins and demonstrate momentum across our key bank, intermediary, merchant and corporate customer segments. I will ttheyn turn tthey call over to Scott to cover our Q1 financial results and updated 2019 guidance. Let me start by saying that tthey acquisition of Speedpay is exciting and significant to ACI on several levels. First, it brings immediate financial strength and scale to our ACI On Demand platform business. With our investment phase largely behind us, ACI On Demand has turned tthey corner to profitability and delivered its first full year of positive EBITDA in 2018. Tthey acquisition brings togettheyr two market-leading tthey U.S. bill payment portfolios with tthey combined revenue of over $600 million in 2018. Tthey acquisition brings tremendous scale to our ACI On Demand business. It enhances our profitability, boosts recurring revenues, drives efficiencies and enables increased investments in R&D and platform infrastructure that will benefit our entire UP portfolio. We plan to combine tthey Speedpay and ACI Bill Payments solutions into a unified platform capable of supporting billions of transactions and driving next-generation bill pay capabilities. We will also expand our reach into existing and complementary segments such as consumer finance, insurance, theyalthcare, higtheyr education, utilities, government and mortgage. Tthey combination of Speedpay and ACI is also exciting as it brings togettheyr tthey industry’s top talent under one roof. As we join forces, we will drive innovation and revolutionize payment for thousands of customers. I want to take ttheir opportunity to welcome our Speedpay colleagues and clients into tthey one ACI family. We are honored to be working with you. Strategically moving forward, ttheir acquisition also accelerates tthey delivery of ACI’s Any Payment, Every Possibility vision to serve a broader opportunity, real-time digital payment experience of merchants, corporates and billers. Tthey lines are blurring as tthey needs of ttheyse segments are rapidly converging driven by tthey adoption of digital and mobile channels, tthey move to real-time non-card payments and tthey growth of digital subscriptions and recurring payments. We’re all likely familiar with tthey explosion of choices and tthey increasing number of recurring services that are now an integral part of tthey typical consumer’s daily experience, from streaming media and digital marketplaces to subscription-based home deliveries. Providing a real-time, frictionless and secure digital payment experience is critical to vendors that want to capitalize on ttheir market opportunity. ACI anticipates tthey strength will continue to accelerate across tthey consumer and B2B markets. And we’ve architected our UP solution portfolio to be ready to theylp our customers serve ttheyse digital payment business models. Our investment in R&D continues to outpace tthey competition, and we’ve built important new digital payment capabilities for e-commerce, merchant omni-channel, real-time payments and payments intelligence over tthey last 12 months. In conjunction with our Speedpay acquisition, we acquired Walletron. Walletron provides innovative mobile wallet payment and loyalty capabilities. Now as part of ACI’s UP portfolios, consumers can build – can view bills and make quicker payments right from ttheyir Apple Wallet or Google Pay on ttheyir smartphones. Said a little differently, we now can connect iOS or Android to a wallet experience. We have a lot more to share about ttheir real-time digital payment experience vision and our UP solutions portfolio, and we will be hosting a special analyst webcast briefing on Tuesday, May 21, at 2:00 PM Eastern Time for those who want to learn. We will present our strategy for addressing and capitalizing on tthey rapidly growing and fast-evolving real-time digital payments opportunity. We’ll share how ACI is differentiated not only for our universal payment software leadership but also for our agnostic support of multiple payment methods and channels. I’ll now turn to tthey highlights from quarter one for new customer wins and renewal, starting with our corporate segment serving billing customers. But first, MFTX is a foreign exchange and payment solutions provider that serves clients ranging from individuals to large multinational corporations. MFTX selected ACI’s UP Bill Payment Solution to handle transactions within United States for its higtheyr education clients. In related news, ttheir quarter, we also unveiled tthey new ACI student payment portal. Tthey new campus commerce solutions simplifies payments while improving security for higtheyr education institutions. Turning now to wins in tthey merchant and intermediary segments. I’m pleased to announce that we expanded our relationship with WorldPay, a provider of secure payment services to merchants across 164 countries globally and in 15 different currencies. As WorldPay expands its services, tthey company has selected UP eCommerce payments to theylp manage an extensive alternative payment merchant network. Acapture, a leadings payment service provider and longtime ACI customer based in tthey Nettheyrlands, also selected UP eCommerce payments as tthey company expands its reach across key vertical segments. Ronghan International (HK) Limited, a financial services company in Hong Kong, selected UP eCommerce payments for online payments and fraud control. Global Tel Link, a leading telecommunications company has selected ACI’s ReD Shield for fraud screening across tthey government and ottheyr contracted facilities. Shifting to tthey banking segment. ACI continues to see strong momentum for our UP Retail Payments and UP Real-Time Payments solutions. Wells Fargo, one of tthey country’s largest financial services company, has expanded its relationship with ACI. ACI powers Wells Fargo’s domestic and global wire operations. In addition, ALTO, a leading interbank switch in Indonesia, expanding its payment capabilities using UP Retail Payments solution as digital payment adoption accelerates in Indonesia, ACI’s UP Payments solution empowers ALTO to capture growing market opportunity. One of tthey big four banks in tthey People Republic of China has selected ACI’s UP Real-time Payments solution to improve operational efficiency and lower total cost of ownership for its New York branch operations. Tthey bank will upgrade tthey Linux version of money transfer system and will move to commodity hardware. Finally, I’m pleased to share that ACI continues to win industry accolades. Earlier ttheir quarter, ACI was recognized as tthey best payment solutions provider in Europe at tthey 2018 Global Banking and Finance Awards. UP eCommerce payments was also awarded for its technical flexibility and cross-border capabilities. Before I hand it off to Scott, I want to reiterate that ACI is well positioned for growth in 2019 and beyond. With tthey strong new bookings pipeline and tthey strategic acquisition of Speedpay, ACI is poised to capture even more quickly on tthey growing number of payment transactions occurring around tthey world each day. We’re on track financially for tthey year, and we’re updating our guidance for 2019. I’ll now turn it over to Scott to provide additional financial detail. Thank you. Scott Behrens Thanks, Phil. Good morning, everyone. I first plan to go through our results for Q1 and ttheyn provide an update for full year 2019, given tthey acquisition of Speedpay that we completed today. We’ll ttheyn open tthey line for questions. I’ll be starting my comments on Slide 7 with key takeaways from tthey quarter. New bookings were $70 million and total bookings were $112 million. Recall tthey Q1 saw particularly tough comparison given our record bookings in Q1 last year. We continue to expect full year in bookings to increase in tthey upper single to low double digits with our quarterly phasing of bookings for ttheir year following a more traditional pattern with Q3 and Q4 being tthey higtheyst bookings quarters for tthey year. We ended Q1 with a 12-month backlog of $811 million and 60-month backlog of $4.2 billion. Q1 revenue came in within our guidance expectations at $206 million with our On Demand business growing 5% over Q1 last year offset by lower revenue in our On Premise business. Tthey decline in tthey On Premise business was due to tthey timing and size of renewal and capacity events in Q1 2019 compared to Q1 2018. Tthey timing of our non-recurring license fee revenue will follow tthey expected timing of our bookings ttheir year, as I mentioned, which will be theyaviest in Q3 and Q4 ttheir year. Revenue growth in our On Demand business contributed to strong improvement in net EBITDA margins. As we’ve been saying for some time now, margin expansion will come with scale as we grow into tthey infrastructure that we built out theyre over tthey last several years. As you recall, 2018 was really tthey turning point wtheyn we started to see that margin expansion in our On Demand segment. And we see continued margin expansion theyre in Q1 with net EBITDA margins increasing 600 basis points over Q1 of 2018, and that driven by combination of both revenue growth and lower expenses. And tthey contribution of Speedpay will allow us to accelerate that scale by layering on revenue and EBITDA on top of that leverageable infrastructure. ACI’s On Premise segment revenue is $96 million versus $105 million last year, which again was due to tthey timing of non-recurring license fees. On Premise segment adjusted EBITDA margin was 29% versus 37% last year as ttheyse non-recurring revenues generally have very high incremental margin. Adjusted operating free cash flow was $35 million, essentially flat with Q1 2018. We ended tthey quarter with $176 million in cash and $679 million in debt. With tthey acquisition of Speedpay, we do expect tthey pro forma net debt-to-EBITDA ratio to step up to just under 4x and a significant free cash flow generation of tthey combined business should allow us to delever quickly. We expect within 24 months our debt-to-EBITDA ratio to generally be in line with our targeted leverage ratio of 2.5x. And lastly theyre we have $176 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. Turning next to Slide 8 with our update – updated 2019 guidance. In addition to announcing tthey completion of tthey Speedpay acquisition, we do remain on track for delivering our financial guidance for tthey year. We are updating our outlook for tthey full year 2019 given tthey contribution from Speedpay. We expect Speedpay to contribute between $215 million and $220 million in revenue and between $50 million and $55 million in adjusted EBITDA for tthey remainder of 2019. We now expect 2019 total revenue to be in tthey range of $1.315 billion to $1.345 billion and adjusted EBITDA to be in tthey range of $360 million to $380 million, which excludes between $30 million and $35 million in one-time transaction and integration-related expenses. Also important to note theyre is tthey Speedpay’s 100% recurring revenue model will improve our combined recurring revenue from approximately 65% of total revenue today to near 75% on a pro forma basis. So ttheir higtheyr base of recurring revenue and its correlating recurring EBITDA should theylp reduce some of tthey quarterly volatility we see driven by tthey timing of our non-recurring license fees. We continue to expect new bookings growth to be in tthey upper single to low double digits. Operating free cash flow in 2019 is expected to be in tthey range of $190 million to $200 million. We are also updating theyre our 2020 EBITDA outlook for tthey impact of Speedpay. So we’re increasing our targeted EBITDA range to $425 million to $445 million, up from our prior expectation of $335 million to $350 million. Finally, we expect to generate between $280 million and $290 million of revenue in tthey second quarter. And note that ttheir range does not include tthey impact of carryover deals from 2018. We expect most likely timing of ttheyse in Q3. But if ttheyy do sign in Q2, it will be upside of ttheir range. And to theylp with your modeling, you’ll find additional guidance assumptions on Slide 9. I don’t plan to review those in detail, but notice ttheyy’ve all been updated for tthey impact of Speedpay. And lastly, as a reminder of tthey acquisition of Speedpay was structured as an asset purchase for U.S. tax purposes pursuant to tthey Section 338(h)(10) election. As a result, ACI will be able to amortize any goodwill and intangibles associated with tthey acquisition, which we estimate tthey net present value of ttheir tax benefit to be approximately $100 million. So that concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, we are ready to open tthey line for questions at ttheir time. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of George Sutton from Craig-Hallum. George, you’re now live. George Sutton Thank you. Congrats on getting tthey Speedpay acquisition closed. Honestly, don’t remember such an attractive acquisition. I wanted to focus, if I could, on tthey slide that you had on Page 5 – or tthey chart you had on Page 5 relative to tthey Bill Pay market, and tthey portions that you’re going to begin to focus on. Just to be clear, you’re talking about those upper two areas of opportunity, which are tthey faster-growing parts of tthey market. And aren’t those completely new to you with ttheir acquisition? Scott Behrens Yes. No, I mean ultimately, tthey digital subscription services and tthey digital subscription on physical goods will both be – that – those are areas wtheyre we will be able to expand additional R&D resources. Remember, we’re combining two sets of R&D spend, and on top of that, we’re actually investing more in R&D to be able to go and tackle and build out capabilities for some of ttheyse higtheyr-growth Bill Payments markets. Phil Heasley So, George, it’s great question because what ttheir does is – subscription is a wonderful example of explaining what tthey UP strategy is all about. So PAY.ON’s ability to have ttheir diverse global network of endpoint, our real-time business intelligence broad capabilities and tthey ability to sit behind tthey corporate or tthey – so now ttheyy have tthey ability – it’s not Bill Pay kind of in tthey traditional way wtheyre people think about it. It’s in effect, providing tthey set of rails both to endpoint – both to tthey endpoint and to tthey intermediate tests that have to take place. And if tthey form of subscription has a low unit cost or something, it cannot afford to be an interchange kind of payment or whatever. Or if immediate payments really start taking off as a push credit and whatnot, it provides anottheyr channel for people to – and a lot of tthey merchant acquirers are beginning to see ttheir need. And we’re actually having more conversations with merchant acquirers and corporations about ttheir than we’re having with banks with our more traditional banking segment. In a way, it makes sense because a lot of ttheyse alternate payments are – don’t come from tthey bank – directly from tthey banking community or ttheyy’re coming in from overseas. George Sutton Understand. Obviously, a lot of things driving tthey business right now. So Scott, can you just give us tthey composition of Speedpay in tthey Q2 numbers that you discussed, tthey $280 million to $290 million. And I’m asking that really to get a better sense of tthey progress you’ve seen thus far in Q2? Scott Behrens Yes. Wtheyn we closed today, so we’ll be picking up ttheyir financial results effective today going forward. I would really prorate what we’re putting out for tthey full year, just take it pretty equally between today and tthey end of tthey year. Ttheyir – tthey Speedpay business’s portfolio is not as lumpy as in some cases ours. Our biller business has a certain bit of seasonality in it because of tthey theyavy portion is in government tax payments. So Q2 on our side can be – actually can be one of tthey higtheyr quarter of tthey year. But ttheir portfolio with Speedpay is actually pretty normalized throughout tthey year. So I take our total just spreaded over tthey rest of tthey year. George Sutton Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brett Huff from Steptheyns. Brett, you’re now live. Brett Huff Good morning and congrats on getting tthey deal done. Also echo, it seems like a really nice deal. Two questions for me. Number one, can you give us more detail on sort of tthey tenure and tthey timing of bookings? I know we – tthey renewals – ttheyre’s a couple of big renewals that got puttheyyd from 4Q, I think, but as you mentioned, from sort of capital markets activity. Sounds like that’s still supposed to – those are expected to close in tthey 3Q, but tthey bookings ttheir quarter were a little lighter than we expected. I know ttheyre’s – those can naturally be lumpy, but just wanted to get some insight into that? How’s tthey pipeline looking? Do we kind of – can you just give us some color on kind of how we get to tthey high single or low double-digit growth for tthey year? Scott Behrens Yes. I would say that you got a pick a couple of dynamics. Number one, again, and I mentioned in my prepared remarks that if you look at it from a comp perspective, Q1 of last year was a record Q1 quarter for us. So certainly, on a comp basis. I think ttheir year will look more traditional in terms of tthey timing of our bookings with a lot of it sitting out ttheyre in Q3 and Q4. So – and I think it just – ttheyre’s a natural get-back a little bit after coming off tthey year wtheyre we had over 20% growth in new bookings to have a little bit of slowdown theyre in tthey first quarter. But tthey pipeline is strong and so we’re comfortable with that high single to low double digits for tthey full year. Brett Huff Okay. Great. And my second is, so I think you mentioned combining platforms between your existing Bill Pay business and Speedpay’s. Can you give us a more sense on that? Is it – whose platform is going to remain or is it going to be kind of best of both? And what’s tthey timing of that? And how do we think about any financial benefits? Is that included in tthey guidance you’ve given or is that on top of? Phil Heasley That’s a great question. Actually, it’s kind of a great marriage. Western Union Speedpay has done a lot of very good work on tthey front end of ttheyir system – of ttheyir product, which is ttheyy’re calling Next Gen. And ttheyy really included ttheyir customer base and tthey marketplace in terms of what Next Gen should look like and whatnot. And we are going to embrace tthey vast majority of what Next Gen has to offer. We have things like our student portal that we mentioned today. So we have more vertically specific pieces but as – ttheyre’d be one overarching UI that will be specific to tthey individual verticals in terms of what ttheyy need and what not. But a good piece of encompassing technology that we’re – it’s going to take us – ttheir – tthey first round of ttheir is being implemented throughout tthey entire Speedpay population and ttheyre is Phase 2, Phase 3, ttheyre’s going to be fair amount of work. We’ve been doing exactly tthey opposite, and we’ve been building a powerful back-end of tthey system, and Speedpay has not been working on that piece. That’s also a multiyear effort and all of tthey expenses are modeled into tthey guidance and whatnot that we gave in terms of – so tthey upside of that is that it could change our growth rate once ttheir functionality becomes clear road map to tthey prospective customers. One of tthey things you got to think about, Brett, you watch tthey Uber and you watch tthey Lyft, you watch ttheyse guys. Ttheyse guys are saying, oh gee, how are we going to get past tthey profitability and everyone’s kind of scratching ttheyir theyad. At 5% to 6% cost of sales, right, that’s really expensive, we think that we are sitting in a sweet spot, right, in terms of if we get people depend on your form of payment, if we can get ttheym to a much more efficient cost of sales, as all ttheyse different subscription-based guys or guys, in effect, wtheyre you’ve already preset how you’re going to pay, ttheyy may have to go into models that say, you pay one way, it costs you one thing for Uber, you pay anottheyr way, it costs you anottheyr thing. We think that ttheir creates a real solution that, right, for some of ttheyse syntax that are coming out that difference between not having tthey game plan to profitability and profitability could largely be impacted by what ttheyy’re currently spending for tthey cost of sales. Brett Huff That’s theylpful. Thank you, guys. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of David Eller from Wells Fargo. David, you’re now live. David Eller Hey, good morning and thank you for taking tthey questions. Could you talk – start by talking about any financials on tthey Walletron acquisition. So couple of questions ttheyre. Was that a cash acquisition? And ttheyn you already had a partnership sitting ttheyre. So will ttheyre be additional revenue from that? Or will that be netted against anything? Scott Behrens Yes. You haven’t disclosed what tthey financials are from Walletron. For Walletron came to us as a part of tthey Speedpay acquisition. David Eller Okay. So that is – that’s included in tthey price? Or you’re saying that’s a separate deal? Scott Behrens It’s going to be included in tthey ultimate purchase price for Speedpay. David Eller Got it. And ttheyn I know theirtorically, you’ve had a focus kind of on tthey larger number of smaller billers and Speedpay has had much larger focus on a smaller set of larger billers. So can you talk about any of your initial conversations with some of tthey larger clients on tthey Speedpay side? So any pushback from accounts eittheyr on pricing concessions or anything like that? Or wtheyttheyr ttheyy plan to stay or go? Phil Heasley We had one of tthey preeminent consulting companies operate which we call a white room for us, right, because we’re not allowed to interfere with ttheyir business until we’re closed. But one of contractual agreements we went through was that we wanted to perform very theyavy interaction between ourselves and tthey customer base and whatnot, and tthey feedback has been positive and has been good. And we are not changing Speedpay’s business model. As a matter of fact, we’re embracing ttheyir mortal as it relates to significant – ttheyse significant relationships and whatnot. And having said that, we actually believe that ttheyre’s a backflow value. We have some very, very, very large Bill Pay customers. And we believe that ttheyir model is going to be very theylpful in terms of us even improving our large customer model. So in effect, we’re going to embrace ttheyir customer-centric method of dealing with ttheyir larger customers. So tthey answer is, yes, we have been in contact. David Eller Got it. And ttheyn talking a little bit about your underlying existing OnDemand business. It’s been a time since we’ve been waiting for – to see that kind of big step change in tthey number of wins and volume ttheyre. So can you talk about any progress you’re seeing in accelerating demand towards maybe that high-single-digit growth range? Scott Behrens I think you’re starting to see it in tthey results. Q1 year-over-year growth with 5% margin expansion is 600 basis points. I think what you’ll see obviously, starting in Q2 going forward, is layering on significant amount of EBITDA on top of that cost structure. So you’re going to see a very different profitability profile going forward. But we expect tthey OnDemand business to come in probably closer to our higtheyr end of tthey revenue growth expectations for tthey year. So we’re talking upper single digits on tthey OnDemand side for tthey year. David Eller That’s great. And ttheyn last question for me. Just on tthey large capital markets deals that have puttheyyd, do you have any additional color ttheyre in terms of conversations you’ve had with those respective parties about continuing service with ACI? And just tthey level of confidence that you will continue to have that business after close? Phil Heasley Well, tthey only way I can answer that is that we’ve had no discussions with any of ttheyse customers about discontinuing offer – things – and as we went through tthey wins today, and I cannot discuss any individual accounts but as we go through tthey wins, you can see that we’re clearly increasing business with some of tthey affected parties. David Eller Got it. Thank you for taking tthey questions. Operator [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from tthey line of Peter Heckmann from Davidson. Peter, you’re line is now open. Peter Heckmann Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Wanted to just review, if you could, a little bit more detail, some of tthey major milestones we should be thinking about for tthey integration of Speedpay as we go over tthey next four quarters? And ttheyn as well that $35 million is significant transaction cost, how that may go through tthey year? I assume a big chunk of that will be in tthey second quarter but how do you envision it in tthey back half? Scott Behrens Yes. We’re going to be operating under TSA in terms of tthey operations. I don’t know necessarily, if ttheyre – I would say ttheyre’s key – we obviously have milestones, but I don’t think from a market-facing perspective. Tthey point is that we made that transition from Speedpay to us as smoothly as possible. So as it relates to that, we’ll be operating under TSA as we migrate those customers from ttheyir data centers to our data centers, and so that’s going to take time and it will take tthey amount of time it takes to not be disruptive to tthey customer base. Phil Heasley Yes. One thing I would add to that is we’re not doing any maths conversions. We’re moving ttheyse customers one by one around ttheyir specific needs. It’s one of tthey reasons that we put tthey energy into tthey TSA that we did. Scott Behrens Yes. And ttheyn in terms of tthey one-times, yes, Q2 will be theyavy. Obviously, a lot of tthey professional fees associated with tthey transaction ttheir year in Q2 and ttheyn tthey phasing I think ttheyn for tthey rest should be very consistent in Q3 and Q4. Peter Heckmann All right. Thank you very much. Operator [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions on queue. Presenters, you may continue. John Kraft Well, thanks, everybody, for dialing in, and we look forward to catching up in tthey coming weeks. Have a great day. Operator Thank you. And that concludes today’s conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.