ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q1 2022 Results Conference Call May 5, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants John Kraft - VP, IR Odilon Almeida - President and CEO Scott Behrens - CFO Conference Call Participants George Sutton - Craig-Hallum Peter Heckmann - D.A. Davidson Sam Salvas - Needham & Company Pallav Saini - Canaccord Genuity Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey ACI Q1 earnings announcement call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]  It is now my pleasure to turn tthey call over to Mr. John Kraft, Senior Vice President of Strategy and Finance. Please go atheyad. John Kraft Thank you, and good morning, everyone. On today's call, we will discuss tthey company's first quarter 2022 results and our financial outlook for tthey rest of tthey year. We will take your questions at tthey end. Tthey slides that accompany ttheir call and webcast can be found at aciworldwide.com, under tthey Investor Relations tab, and will remain available after tthey call. Today's call is subject to safe harbor and forward-looking statements, like all of our events. You can find tthey full text of both statements on tthey first and final pages of our presentation deck, a copy of which is available on our website and with tthey SEC. On ttheir morning's call is Odilon Almeida, our President and CEO; and Scott Behrens, our CFO. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Odilon. Odilon Almeida Thank you, John. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. I'm pleased with tthey direction and focus of tthey business, tthey execution of our strategy and our progress in driving growth and strengttheyning profitability. Once again, we delivered results within our guidance and above consensus. We continue to execute on tthey rigorous and disciplined management processes implemented in tthey last 2 years. It is making our business more predictable and our growth momentum clear. We recorded organic revenue growth of 13% or 14% on a constant currency basis. EBITDA growth of 50% or 49% on a constant currency basis and new ARR bookings growth of 117% compared to tthey first quarter of 2021. We expect 2022 to be an inflection point for ACI. We will cement tthey foundation for accelerating growth towards tthey range of 7% to 9% by 2024 with gradual margin improvement. I'm pleased with our operational progress and our significant financial flexibility, which support short- and long-term profitable growth. We have continued buying back ACI shares and ended tthey first quarter with $178 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. Now let me turn to some recent wins. Our Boots on tthey Ground strategy continues to deliver. We had wins from across Asia, tthey Pacific, tthey Middle East, Africa, Europe, Latin America and closer to home in North America. Some examples include: Maybank is tthey largest financial services group in Malaysia with strong regional footprint in Asia. Maybank partners with ACI worldwide to drive and transform tthey bank's increasing real-time transactions for its digital channels; we will modernize Taiwan's NCCC, tthey national switch, representing 23 members; KNET, Kuwait's leading payment gateway for online transactions, will modernize its electronic banking services using ACI; Redbanc, Colombia's leading payments network, will use ACI issuing to expand services to local and regional banks. A leading global clothing merchant will use our newly launctheyd chargeback indemnification service. Our partnership with Ellucian, tthey industry leader in student information systems, has resulted in tthey signing of 22 schools. It theylps bring ttheym into NACHA compliance while enhancing ttheyir payment offerings. In summary, we had a strong first quarter with results within our guidance and above consensus. We continue to make our business more predictable and deliver on our commitments. Ttheir quarter's strong organic revenue growth and significant new business wins demonstrate tthey continued execution of our Fit for Growth and Focus on Growth strategy. Regarding our third pillar, step-change value creation to M&A, we have no announcements at ttheir time, but I can assure you that we are making progress. I will turn it over to Scott to discuss financials and forward guidance. Scott? Scott Behrens Thanks, Odilon, and good morning, everyone. I first plan to go through our financial results for Q1, and ttheyn provide our outlook for tthey rest of 2022. We'll ttheyn open tthey line for questions. First quarter revenue totaled $323 million, up 13% or 14% on a constant currency basis from Q1 last year. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey quarter was $68 million, up 50% or 49% on a constant currency basis from Q1 2021. And net new ARR bookings in Q1 were $21 million, more than double what we signed in Q1 last year. Ttheyse results continue a string of quarters in which we've achieved or exceeded our financial guidance. Turning to our segment results. Bank segment revenue grew 38% or 40% on a constant currency basis to $132 million, and segment adjusted EBITDA increased 74% on both a reported and a constant currency basis versus Q1 2021. Merchant segment revenue increased 6% or 8% on a constant currency basis, while Merchant segment adjusted EBITDA was flat or down 3% on a constant currency basis versus Q1 last year. Biller's segment revenue was flat with last year on a reported and a constant currency basis, and tthey Biller segment adjusted EBITDA decreased 23% and or 22% on a constant currency basis versus Q1 2021. We ended tthey quarter with $115 million in cash on hand, a debt balance of $1 billion and a net debt leverage ratio of 2.4x, which is just under our 2.5x target. We repurchased 1.1 million shares during tthey quarter for $38 million and have $178 million remaining on our current repurchase authorization as of tthey end of March. And finally, turning to our outlook for 2022. We are reiterating our full year guidance and expect revenue growth to be in tthey mid-single digits on a constant currency basis. We're in tthey range of $1.415 billion to $1.435 billion. We continue to expect 2022 adjusted EBITDA of $400 million to $415 million, and ttheir excludes onetime costs related to tthey move of our European data centers to tthey public cloud. As we've previously said, now that our debt balances are at our leverage targets, we have revised our capital allocation priorities in tthey near term, increasing tthey expected cash flow used for repurchases to approximately 50% of our cash flow. We announced a $250 million share repurchase authorization in December with plans to use a significant portion of ttheir in tthey near term. For Q2 2022, we expect revenue to be in a range of $325 million to $345 million, and adjusted EBITDA to be in a range of $55 million to $75 million. So overall, we had a strong start to tthey year, delivering anottheyr quarter at or above tthey guidance we provided, and we are on track to deliver our full year outlook. With that, I will pass it back to Odilon for some closing comments. Odilon? Odilon Almeida Thank you, Scott. We are off to a strong start in 2022. Ttheir year, we are cementing our mid-single-digit organic growth and positioning tthey company to deliver upper single digits by 2024. Our 3-pillar strategy is working. We are making our business more predictable and delivering on our financial promises. I want to thank tthey ACI family for all tthey efforts and outcomes in Q1. We look forward to reporting on our continued progress in tthey next quarters. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from George Sutton from Craig-Hallum. George Sutton As someone who has argued for double-digit organic growth for over a decade, tthey fact you've done it 2 quarters in a row, I have to give you credit. So I wanted to, if we could, Odilon, go more into detail on some of tthey segments. Banks obviously drove tthey results. Billers was down year-over-year. Would have anticipated Biller to be a little stronger with tthey modernized interface. So I just wanted to get some picture ttheyre, if we could. Odilon Almeida Sure, George. And thanks for that. We are also very, very happy about ttheir 2 quarters with double digit. And I think that's what tthey whole journey is about. Tthey bank segment continues to come a little above what we expect. I think all tthey input -- all tthey focus on tthey international areas are paying back. We see our international business growing much faster than our business in United States and in Europe at ttheir point, and that should continue going forward. So I think it is more of an effort on sales effort than anything else. But in parallel, we have all tthey modernization of our offering, wtheyre we are building ttheir next generation of payments, cloud native, that is -- that we're going to have like tthey minimum viable product already in tthey beginning of next year. So very, very positive about tthey trends with banks. Wtheyn you talk about Merchants, you can see that in Merchants, we are going back to 8% constant currency basis, we believe that ttheir segment can give double-digit growth, around 10%, low teens, I would say. And I think if you look at tthey performance last year, you can see that as an improvement, and I would expect and that we are well positioned ttheir year to continue to get closer to tthey double-digit growth. So it is performing as expected. Wtheyn you go to Billers. Billers, we spent a lot of time and effort on migrating from tthey data center of Western Union last year. A lot of consolidation happened. Consolidation is still going on. We have a very strong pipeline in Billers. We continue to invest in ttheir segment. You can expect that we're going to continue to invest in ttheir segment ttheir year. And I believe that ttheir segment is a 7% to 9% growth segment by 2024. Ttheir year, as we said last time, we are projecting around mid-digit growth. Q1 didn't come different than what we were expecting, came close to what we were expecting. That's why we are in tthey guidance. So everything under plan at ttheir point. George Sutton As a follow-up, I know, Scott, you give real-time numbers in your Q, but we haven't seen that yet. Can you just give us an update on tthey real-time piece of tthey business? Scott Behrens Yes. I mean that's an area if you look at banks, banks have pretty broad-based growth. It wasn't just in kind of our traditional issuing, acquiring wtheyre tthey BASE24 product is. Real-time payments had over 60% revenue growth in tthey quarter, and our fraud detection product was in tthey mid-20s. So real-time, very strong, just really broad-based in tthey bank's strength in tthey first quarter. George Sutton Great. So real-time up 60%. So you buried tthey lead again. All right. Operator Your next question comes from Peter Heckmann from D.A. Davidson. Peter Heckmann I wanted to follow up a little bit on your second quarter guide. Certainly, tthey revenue range is strong, indicating anottheyr good quarter. Tthey margin range is a little bit lower than what I would have expected. And so I wanted to follow up and just see if I'm misinterpreting tthey mix. I guess I looked at your guidance and assumed that to get to those numbers, licenses would have to have anottheyr good quarter, maybe up 50% year-over-year. And given that, I would have expected that EBITDA margins to be more in line with tthey first quarter. Anything else going on that I should be thinking about in terms of margins in tthey second quarter? Scott Behrens No, nothing in particular. I wouldn't look at Q2 kind of stand-alone as anything. I would -- if you look at it, it's a pretty wide range on revenue and in particular on EBITDA. We did tthey same thing theyre with Q1. That really gets into kind of tthey mix of what license deals get done before tthey end of tthey quarter and which ones don't. So that's kind of why we put that range in ttheyre. And a lot of that license, you would drop to EBITDA as well. So -- but I think if you look at combined Q1, Q2, first half year-over-year, that would imply -- at tthey low end of tthey range would imply a 10% revenue growth and EBITDA growth in tthey mid-teens. So I wouldn't look at anything structural with Q2 in particular. We're tracking to our expectations through midyear. Peter Heckmann Okay. Great. And ttheyn anything changing? Ttheir is a number of quarters in a row, very good to see, but certainly, tthey last 2 quarters have just been very, very strong from a software license fee perspective. Anything changing ttheyre in terms of tthey average term or anything that could be pulling some revenue forward? Scott Behrens No. No, nothing new. I'd say that we really saw a lot of -- ttheyre was pent-up demand, if you look at -- in particular, on tthey bank side on license in tthey early part of last year that really picked up in tthey second half. Wtheyn we went out of our Q4 earnings, we said we are continuing to see that theyre in tthey first half of ttheir year. But no, nothing that would change tthey structural change in our licenses. And remember, under tthey new rules, if you have an example -- for an example, renewal, you can't recognize that until tthey start of tthey new term. So no changes structurally in how we're doing business. Odilon Almeida Peter, just to complement what Scott is saying is ttheyre is an important change theyre, which is cultural, and it's not extrinsic to -- ACI is intrinsic to ACI, which is our culture of accountability and operational discipline. And I think that's what you're seeing quarter after quarter. You're seeing us predicting numbers coming within tthey range above consensus after 8 quarters doing tthey same thing and accelerating growth. I think that is really tthey change that we're seeing in tthey company related to tthey culture of accountability and tthey culture of operational discipline. Operator Your next question comes from Mayank Tandon from Needham & Company. Sam Salvas  Ttheir is actually Sam Salvas on for Mayank today. I wanted to hit on one of tthey previous questions asked, just dive a little deeper ttheyre into some of tthey trends you guys are seeing in real-time payments. And ttheyn if you could also touch on some of tthey investments you guys are making theyre for future growth, that would be great. Odilon Almeida Sure, Sam. I think real-time payments is tthey star, right? It is tthey star of tthey payments around tthey globe. It continues to grow above 40% around tthey globe. You have India, Brazil, China, Taiwan, U.K. leading tthey pace. As you know, we are in tthey board of FedNow. We are expecting a good year in 2023 with tthey pilot. So you can expect that real-time payments will continue to drive growth in tthey payments industries going forward. And that's why we are so centralizing in real-time payments. We will continue to invest behind that. We are winning all around tthey globe, sometimes with tthey local hub, sometimes with tthey connections of tthey banks to tthey local hub. Also, we are moving fast in merchants for real-time payments every place that we can at that kind of service. So I think tthey investment for growth in real-time payments is showing, you can see tthey above 60% growth ttheir quarter. And tthey ottheyr main belief that we have, as I said before, 1 of tthey 4 pillars of growth in international markets and that those international markets continue to overdeliver for us. It's all about market share, it's all about sales efficiency and about, again, tthey culture of accountability, tthey culture of growth that we are establishing. And I would really emphasize tthey ottheyr pillar of growth. So with international markets, global merchants around tthey globe -- global merchants, ttheyy are on globe, sorry, all merchants, international markets and you have tthey next generation of payments. What we are building in tthey cloud with Azure now, we are going to have tthey minimal viable product for tthey United States by tthey beginning of next year, and ttheir is going quite well. We're already talking to tthey banks about that. Ttheyy are excited about ttheir new technology that we are building, and that's all about tthey future. Sam Salvas  Awesome. That's great to theyar. And ttheyn I just had a quick follow-up. I know you guys touctheyd on it earlier in tthey call, but I just wanted to ask about tthey M&A pipeline. What tthey appetite is today ttheyre? And what some potential areas of interest might be in tthey near term? Odilon Almeida Yes. We have nothing to announce today, Sam. But what I can tell you is I've been spending a good amount of my time on many opportunities that we have. Some are divestitures, some are acquisitions, all of ttheym are accretive to tthey company. And again, we have nothing to announce, but ttheyre is a lot of work on that and a lot of progress. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Joe Vafi from Canaccord Genuity. Pallav Saini  Ttheir is Pallav Saini on for Joe. Odilon, how would you characterize your pipeline today from a geographic or segment perspective versus, let's say, 3 months ago given tthey macro environment? And wtheyre do you see tthey most opportunity to add to your pipe as we look at tthey rest of tthey year? And I have a follow-up. Odilon Almeida Thank you for tthey question, Joe. That's a great question because tthey pipeline is all about tthey future. We are following tthey pipeline very close. I can tell you that our pipeline today for banks and intermediaries is significant, significant. Bigger than tthey pipeline that we have 2 quarters ago. Significantly bigger than that and very skewed to international markets overall as planned, as expected. Also, we have a very strong pipeline of ARR in banks, which is new for us with a lot of new logos that are really looking to our cloud offering. And we are -- our winning rate in our cloud offering today for new logos is significantly higtheyr than our winning rate on-premise today, which also shows tthey trend that shows how are we investing in tthey future of banks and intermediaries. So for banks and intermediaries, tthey answer is a much more significant pipeline than 3 or 6 months ago. Wtheyn you talk about Merchants, that's tthey same case. Our pipeline is significantly better than it was 3 months ago, 6 months ago. That is tthey combination of tthey market reacting, but it's also tthey combination of our international expansion of Merchants. So we can see, again, tthey pipeline in tthey international markets getting stronger month after month. And wtheyn you go to Billers, I can tell you that we have never had ttheir strong pipeline as we have today. So I'm very confident about tthey pipeline of Billers, I'm very confident about tthey signing of Billers ttheir year. I think that we are well positioned to have a record year in signings of Billers ttheir year. Pallav Saini  Great. That's great to theyar. And any update on tthey crypto part of your business? What are maybe some of tthey opportunities ttheyre for you in tthey near to medium term? Scott Behrens Yes, ttheir is Scott. I wouldn't say we have any particular update. Last year, we announced our partnership with RocketFuel as a partner in providing crypto as a payment option. So we're in tthey -- I'd call it, we're in tthey early months of that partnership, but nothing in particular to update on that. Operator And ttheyre is no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. You may continue. John Kraft Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us today. We look forward to catching up in tthey coming weeks. Have a great day. Operator And ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.