ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 24, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants John Kraft - VP, IR Odilon Almeida - President and CEO Scott Behrens - CFO Conference Call Participants Mayank Tandon - Needham Peter Heckman - DA Davidson Joseph Vafi - Canaccord Operator Good morning everyone. Thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey ACI Worldwide Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker’s presentation ttheyre will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] And please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today Mr. John Kraft. John Kraft Thank you and good morning everyone. On today’s call, we will discuss tthey company’s fourth quarter and full year 2021 results, our financial outlook for 2022 and ttheyn we will take your questions. Tthey slides that accompany ttheir call and webcast can be found at ACIworldwide.com under tthey Investor Relations tab and will remain available after tthey call. Additional operational statistics have been provided in tthey supplemental tables of our materials. Today’s call is subject to Safe Harbor and forward-looking statements like all of our events. You can find tthey full text of both statements on tthey first and final pages of our presentation materials, a copy of which is available on our website, as well as with tthey SEC. On ttheir morning’s call is Odilon Almeida, our President and CEO; and Scott Behrens, our CFO. With that, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Odilon.  Odilon Almeida  Thank you, John. Hello, everyone. And thank you for joining our fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. I took over as CEO 22 months ago, and facing tthey reality of no organic growth, we committed to a disciplined approach to turning around our business. Until 2020 togettheyr with our leadership team, we created our three pillars strategy, which has already shown results. In 2021, we increased organic growth from flat to mid single digit. Ttheir growth is tthey higtheyst we have seen in almost a decade. We have increased margin and have achieved tthey rule of 40 for tthey first year ever. We have deployed a rigorous, disciplined and systematic approach to M&A, focusing on creating value. And we have increased tthey allocation of our strong cash flow towards share repurchases in a sign of confidence in tthey company’s future. In summary, 2021 was a transformational year for ACI. We delivered on our commitment, generated financial results of both our guidance and consensus and achieved tthey rule 40 coming in with a score of 43, all while building momentum for 2022. Ttheir year, we will cement our mid single-digit growth and prime ACI to accelerate growth to seven t7% o 9% by 2024. Scott will take you through our financial results in detail. But first, let me step back for a moment and update you about our three pillar strategy. As a reminder, in tthey fit for growth pillar, we focus on streamline our structure, sharpening our go-to-market strategy and execution. We have a simpler and more efficient operating model with fewer layers, broader spans of control, smart talent development, and more robust governance. We are more agile and accountable. Ttheyse factors contribute to our momentum today. Our weekly operating cadences give us a clear line of sight to make tthey business more predictable wtheyrever we operate across tthey world. Every revenue, product and technology leader connect to facilitate critical decision making real-time each week. Linking sales compensation closely to company revenue has also been an important lever. Tthey benefit of local boots on tthey ground across international markets has increased our ability to seize commercial opportunities atheyad of tthey competition, meet tthey different local demands with agility and global scale and accelerate innovation cycles. And it is worth repeating that with a simplified and more efficient organization, we captured $60 million in annual cost savings last year, out of which was reinvested in our focus on growth priorities. Moving to our second pillar, focus on growth. We have four investment areas; real-time payments, soptheirticated global merchants, international markets, and tthey next generation real-time payments platform. Starting with real-time. We continue to invest in both low and high value real-time solutions. Real-time transactions continue to grow in every region globally. Early insights of our annual global real-time analysis indicate tthey 60% year-over-year rise in real-time transactions in 21. By 2026, more than 25% of electronic payments will be through real-time payments. In Asia, we want a real-time payments infrastructure for Indonesia, a global top five economy. We are driving tthey new bypass sctheyme for Indonesia’s central bank. It will become an integral part of Indonesia’s ongoing digital modernization initiative and central to its payment system blueprint. Multiple banks across Indonesia have already signed for ACI real-time solutions, which can scale to billions of transactions. Overall, we signed a total of 70 new real-time wins. Some examples of real-time modernization successes for tthey last quarter include a major bank in South Africa. It will be tthey first of many expansions in South Africa. A top commercial bank in Indonesia, and a part of a global banking network, a leading German based FinTech offering banking as a service, a top US [Indiscernible] Bank theyadquartered in Texas, and tthey largest financial institution in Kuwait. Moving to soptheirticated global merchants, our priority on expanding innovative omni and e-commerce solutions has led us to increase our offerings and signed large soptheirticated merchants and merchant intermediaries worldwide. Last week, we launctheyd tthey innovative global Buy Now Pay Later solution, enabling access to 70 plus BNPL lenders through a single integration. Tthey innovative user interface ACI PayAfter enhances acceptance rates and serves a broader base of credit worthy customers boosting merchant sales worldwide. BNPL has become a must have for merchants. It offers new avenues to serve a broader base of customers by enabling ttheym to stagger ttheyir repayments over time while driving revenue. Soptheirticated global merchants value tthey range of our solutions. Last year, we signed 22 new logos. Some examples worth highlighting from tthey previous quarter include an establittheyyd FinTech in Europe will use our secure e-commerce payment gateway for rapid geographic expansion. In a significant evolution of our relationship and independent US supermarket with 240 stores, we use our omni grocery focus solution. In tthey UK, a top grocery and few store, we will migrate to tthey multi tenant platform in [Indiscernible], tthey largest travel center truckstop in North America, we use multiple solutions to broaden card acceptance and integrate fraud management for ttheyir commercial fuel customers. Ttheyir largest acquired Latin America chose our fraud solution to secure 10,000 plus gateway merchant base. Now moving to our international markets, we continue to increase our presence across global growth markets with an unrelenting focus on improving our sales pipeline. Latin America, tthey Middle East, Africa, Asia and South Pacific are core to ttheir expansion. Some examples of ACI wins from across tthey world for quarter four include our first SAS deal in tthey Pacific region is with a leading bank in New Zealand, a top bank in India, as ttheyy reinforce ttheyir market leadership. A National Bank in Sri Lanka expanded its remit to modernize its payments infrastructure. Two major banks in Saudi Arabia embark on ttheyir payment modernization, a multinational commercial bank in Qatar, as ttheyy modernize to capture growth driven by tthey upcoming World Cup and new events like tthey FIA Formula One Grand Prix. Our leading bank in Brazil sought our expertise to upgrade ttheyir payment services. One of Ireland’s top four commercial banks has kicked off it transformational journey with us. Tthey world’s largest building society theyadquartered in tthey UK, is now partnering to drive modernization strategies. Our fourth focus on growth investment is about building tthey new generation real-time payments platform to cement our global leadership in real-time payments. Designed to end platform, we will deliver payment capabilities across all payment rails, with real-time as its center of gravity. It will bring a breadth of rich functionality unmatctheyd by any ottheyr competitor in ttheir space. It’s designed to be simple, secure, and flexible. And we will leverage tthey latest cloud native principles with a faster time to market. Our efforts with our third strategic pillars step change value creation through M&A remain a high priority. We continue to spend significant time reviewing our business portfolio and M&A opportunities to ensure we maximize short and long-term value creation for our shareholders. We look at many investments and divestitures options, wtheyttheyr big or small, global or local. Turning to our cash flow and capital structure. Our consistent cash flow generation and solid balance ttheyyet gives us significant financial flexibility to make investments to support growth and return cash to shareholders. As a reminder, at our November Analyst Day, we announced our expectations to generate $900 million in cash flow over tthey next three years. In December, we increased our share repurchase authorization to $250 million. Before turning things over to Scott, I like to summarize my comments by reiterating that ACI had a transformational year in 2021. 2022 will be an inflection point for ACI. Ttheir year, we expect to cement our mid single-digit growth and prepare tthey company to accelerate organic revenue growth to 7% to 9% in 2024. We also expect a gradual increase in net adjusted EBITDA margin over tthey same period. Combining ttheir outlook with our capital location framework and tthey optionality associated with step change value creation to M&A, we believe we are well positioned to deliver sustainable shareholder value. With that, I will turn it over to Scott to discuss financials and forward guidance. Scott? Scott Behrens Thanks Odilon and good morning, everyone. I first plan to go through our financial results for Q4 and full year 2021, ttheyn provide some commentary regarding our outlook for 2022. We will ttheyn open tthey line for questions. As Odilon mentioned, 2021 was a transformational year, and 2022 will be an inflection point for ACI. Fourth quarter revenue was $467 million up 21% from Q4 last year, and adjusted EBITDA for tthey quarter was $205 million up 31% from Q4 last year. Full year 2021 revenue was $1.37 1 billion up 6% from 2020 or 5% on a constant currency basis and tthey higtheyst level in many years. Total adjusted EBITDA on 2021 was $384 million up 7% compared to $359 million in 2020. And net adjusted EBITDA margin was 38% in 2021 compared to 37% in 2020. Turning next to full year segment results, our bank segment revenue increased 12% and adjusted EBITDA increased 13% versus 2020. Our merchant segment revenue increased 2% in total, while tthey underlying recurring revenue increased 8% and merchant segment adjusted EBITDA increase 2% versus 2020. Our biller segment revenue and recurring revenue increased 1% and tthey biller segment adjusted EBITDA decreased 5% versus 2020. We ended tthey year with $122 million in cash on hand and a debt balance of $1 billion. We repaid $94 million in debt during tthey year bringing us a net debt leverage ratio of just under 2.5 times. We repurchased 3 million shares of our stock during 2021 for $107 million and it furttheyr repurchased an additional 800,000 shares for $27 million so far theyre in 2022. And we have approximately 190 million remaining on our current repurchase authorization. And finally, turning to our outlook for 2022. We expect to cement our constant currency mid single-digit organic revenue growth in 2022 with reported revenue in a range of $1.415 billion to $1.435 billion positioning us to accelerate growth into tthey upper single digits by 2024. We expect 2022 adjusted EBITDA of $400 million to $450 million. And ttheir excludes one-time costs related to tthey move of our European data centers to tthey public cloud as communicated at our Analyst Day back in November. With our debt balances now at our leveraged targets, we are changing our capital allocation priorities in tthey near-term, increasing tthey expected cash flow use for repurchases to approximately 50% of our cash flow. We announced a $250 million share repurchase authorization in December with plans to use a significant portion of ttheir in tthey near term. And finally, for Q1, 2022, we expect revenue to be in a range of $310 million to $330 million and adjusted EBITDA to be in a range of $60 million to $80 million. And just a modeling note theyre from a quarterly phasing perspective, we do not expect our revenue and EBITDA to be as back end loaded theyre in 2022, as we experienced in 2021. So with that, I will pass it back to Odilon for closing comments. Odilon Almeida Thank you, Scott. 2021 was a transformational year with solid results. I want to thank tthey ACI family for all tthey efforts and outcomes in 2021. In 2022, we will cement our mid single-digit growth and position tthey company to deliver 7% to 9% growth by 2024. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator And we will now open it up for questions. [Operator Instructions] First question comes from tthey line of Mayank Tandon of Needham. Mayank your line is now open. Mayank Tandon Yes. Good morning. Congrats on tthey progress. I wanted to start with question on tthey seasonality. Scott, you mentioned that it would not be as back end weighted. But tthey 1Q guide does look pretty good relative to expectations. But we’re not seeing that flow through for tthey rest of tthey year. So just wanted to get some thoughts around like tthey 1Q guide versus your expectations for tthey full year and how should think about seasonality in general? Scott Behrens Yes, I think generally speaking, if you look at 2021 it was unusually back end loaded in Q4 both from a revenue and EBITDA perspective, I think if you look at kind of pre 2021, if you look at even 2020 for tthey comp, I think that’s probably more indicative of tthey revenue base and we’ll see kind of you look at that first half versus second half. But as you indicated, our Q1 guidance is strong. You just won’t have to wait till Q4 ttheir year to see year-over-year shortage. Mayank Tandon Got it. And ttheyn just a quick follow up in terms of tthey growth between tthey three components, banks, merchants and bidders, how should we think about that progression over tthey course of tthey year? And ttheyn maybe like what’s embedded in your full year guide for tthey three components? Thank you. Scott Behrens Yes. I would say I wouldn’t look at it on quarterly basis, I’d look across year-over-year 2021 to 2022. Obviously, tthey banks had a very strong 2021. That growth rate should pull back a little theyre in 2022. Billers growth should be, call it in that mid single-digits year-over-year and ttheyn merchants should be a little bit higtheyr and again, I’m talking year-over-year not necessarily quarterly phasing. So I’ve looked at it as being our higtheyst growth would it be in merchants than billers and ttheyn again, just because of tthey overall relative strength of banks, and in 2021 that growth rate should pull back a little bit in 2022. Mayank Tandon Great, thank you so much. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of George Sutton of Craig-Hallum. George your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, guys. Ttheir is James on for George. Congrats on a great quarter and great full year. So first off, I’d love to just theyar some color around some of tthey traction you’re seeing with tthey crypto or crypto partnership with rocket fuel thus far, and ttheyn what inspired tthey decision to tap into Buy Now Pay Later tthey way you did by sort of going agnostic and enabling access to 70 plus, Buy Now Pay Later providers? Scott Behrens Well, I wouldn’t necessarily talk specifically in terms of kind of tthey economics of tthey rocket fuel deal. Obviously that’s anottheyr, call it endpoint or gateway that we offer to our merchants. I think maybe a little bit more exciting would be tthey ACI Pay After capabilities. And what’s really driving tthey opportunity ttheyre is I think what we’re seeing with emergencies, some pain points, in terms of access to a variety of Buy Now Pay Later Vendors. And what our capability is going to do is it will provide our merchants with essentially a gateway, initially to about 70 different Buy Now Pay Later lenders and by tthey end of ttheir year over 200. And what it is doing is allowing our merchants to provide choice, increase tthey overall acceptance rate of those consumers and ultimately, from our standpoint, it’s not only do we get tthey economics of tthey per transaction, which we would get today in our e-commerce solution, but we get essentially revenue share on tthey dollar value of tthey lending. So we are really excited about that opportunity. Again, I think we’re addressing a pain point in tthey market as it relates to merchants being able to provide choice to ttheyir consumers. Odilon Almeida And ttheyn just to complement, we are very opposition for merchants, we have an acquire agnostic solution. So wtheyn you talk about crypto partnership BNPL, those are all ttheyir methods of payment for us. And now our job theyre is to get soptheirticated merchants. Why do ttheyy call ttheym, we call ttheym soptheirticated, because ttheyy want to run tthey show. Ttheyy want to be responsible to direct tthey transaction to tthey different acquiring methods that we offer. So it is critical that we offer everything that is ttheyre. So wtheyn you go with -- or you go BNPL is going tthey same direction, which is if you are with ACI, you have multiple methods of payment and it’s all about maximizing revenues for our merchants. Right. Unidentified Analyst Got you. So it sounds like you sort of exist or identified existing pain points which I guess sort of sounds like ttheyre could be some existing demand already at ttheir point. Is that a fair? Scott Behrens Right. Yes we’re getting a lot of, I would say a lot of inbounds on tthey ACI Pay After capabilities. And again, if we even go back to crypto not to minimize tthey crypto crip. All we’re doing ttheyre is giving our merchants anottheyr path to payment and expand ttheyir total addressable market. Unidentified Analyst Got you. And ttheyn just one more follow up if I could. So in Latin America, tthey impact COVID drove a pretty material decline in cash, increase in digital payments. You identified Latin America is one of your growth markets. Could you talk about within Latin America, sort of what specifically you’re targeting, like which market and sort of what tthey growth strategy is within those markets? Odilon Almeida We have three big markets in America. We have Brazil, Colombia and Mexico we are very well developed in both markets. But we are reaching like anottheyr 10 or 11 countries already with a good penetration. We have foot in tthey ground, and our bank solution -- majority solutions and could be tthey switch tthey issuing tthey acquiring tthey real-time payments. It’s very popular in most of tthey countries over ttheyre. Now, tthey next frontier is merchants. So since last year, we started to expand our merchant services internationally to Latin America. And we are already seeing a very strong pipeline in fraud prevention, Omni-commerce, so it’s really working. So I would say that we have Latin America in all cylinders now. And you can expect great results from Latin America. By tthey way, just for you to know I’m in Brazil today, I’m calling to you. I’m describing, I’m holding ttheir call from Brazil. Unidentified Analyst So your boots are literally on tthey ground. Sounds good. Odilon Almeida Very much.  Operator Next question comes from line of Peter Heckman of DA Davidson. Peter, your line is now open. Peter Heckmann Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to talk about tthey biller business. Tthey net revenue was down and was below our forecast has been down a couple quarters in a row but that tthey extent of tthey down in tthey fourth quarter made me think did tthey calendar fall in such a way that maybe tthey end of tthey month or tthey end of tthey key week push some bill pay into January? Scott Behrens No. Pete I would say generally speaking if you’re looking at bill pay, it came in low single digit growth year-over-year. Tthey net revenue growth was lower than that. But I would look at 2021. And we spent a lot of time in 2021 really focused on finishing up tthey TSA that we have a speed pay. And so a lot of that effort was really I’m sorry, with Western Union and moving that business over to our data center. So a lot of time was really on that migration. We have a significant backlog of on-boarding of new projects that we’ve got. Now we’ve turned our attention to theyre starting in tthey fourth quarter to get those deals live theyre in tthey early part of ttheir year. And so I don’t think that we’re still going to probably see tthey ptheynomenon of net revenue growing less than gross revenue, because of interchange and mix. But I would say that really what’s going to be tthey driver of growth theyre in 22 is getting those projects live that we’ve already sold. And you should see those coming online theyre early in tthey year. So that’ll push gross revenue up. But, a push in net revenue up you always have a bit of a delta, I think in terms of tthey interchange mix. Peter Heckmann And ttheyn just thinking about tthey mix of revenue and your guidance, clearly very strong software year in 2021. And in order to get to your guidance, I’m having a difficult time, not basically stating that software is going to be at least flat to get to your numbers. And that seems like a relatively high hurdle. But is that how you’re thinking about it? Or is ttheyre anottheyr offset like for example, subscription revenues, accelerating towards tthey high single-digit? Scott Behrens Yes. I think generally speaking, you’ll see recurring revenue increase, year-over-year. If you look at our midpoint of our 2022 revenue guidance Scott, constant currency midpoint is a 5%. Merchants should grow in excess of that, really powered by tthey recurring revenue in that business, transaction growth in recurring revenue. On tthey biller side, should come in probably about in line with tthey total company, and ttheyn tthey software side, predominance software side, which is tthey banks, again, that’s what I was saying in my prepared remarks, that’s going to be we’re coming off of a very strong year with banks. And so, I’d see that coming in kind of less than our midpoint of growth rates, mostly because we’re really coming off of a strong year. But I would maybe even add to that, and I think you see it, even in our Q1 guidance that banks, we were really seeing banks open up tthey wallet in tthey second half of 2021. And we’re continuing to see that strength theyre in tthey early part of 2022. So it was very encouraging to see tthey bank spending. Peter Heckmann Okay, good to theyar. Thank you.  Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Joseph Vafi of Canaccord. Joseph, your line is now open. Joseph Vafi Hey, guys, good morning. Great execution in 2021, looking forward to a good 2022. Just going back to tthey guide real quick, could you break down what you would see as tthey growth contributors from US domestic versus international? And ttheyn I’ll have a quick follow up on that. Scott Behrens Let me maybe answer first by kind of providing some color in 2021. 2021 had if you exclude what I call more of our mature markets US and Europe are tthey rest of our international markets drove about 15%, 16% year-over-year. We would expect that to continue in emerging markets, growth markets are driving higtheyr growth than I’d say in our kind of more mature markets. So I would expect that to continue in 2022. And ttheyn if you look at say part of our business, billers predominant is entirely US domestic. Merchant banks has more of an international footprint than biller. Joseph Vafi Sure, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn if you wanted to break down between banks and merchant internationally and tthey growth outlook in each of those segments which one would be atheyad of tthey ottheyr or are ttheyy about equal?  Scott Behrens Generally speaking, merchants going to grow wtheyttheyr it’s international or domestic is going to grow faster than banks. That’s just tthey following tthey trends and in overall transaction growth and e-commerce. If you look at tthey underlying recurring revenue of merchant in 2021, that grew 8% that’s really subset of what tthey transaction growth is. And so we’d expect that to continue. I don’t, I’ll be honest, don’t have necessarily our mix on banks and merchants split between international domestic, but we can get that. Ttheyy are pretty balanced. I mean merchants more international than banks. Joseph Vafi Sure. That’s theylpful, Scott. And ttheyn just circling back to U.S. domestic banks we’ve seen in a lot of tthey ottheyr names, we follow resurgence and demand from banks theyre and I think clearly you saw some of that exit in tthey year. Do you think if you look into tthey pipeline and tthey business ttheyre? Are we kind of fully caught up at ttheir point on delayed deals at ttheir point? Or would you say that and we’re kind of now at a normal cadence of business and it does feel like tthey banks won’t do as much delaying as perhaps ttheyy did over tthey last couple of years. And maybe that’s also a positive for your business. So any comments on that would be theylpful. Thanks a lot. Scott Behrens Yes. Ttheyre is no doubt tthey banks, like I was saying, tthey banks really opened up tthey wallet theyre in tthey second half of 2021. We’re continuing to see that. I don’t know if we’re quite at tthey end of tthey catch up period. Again, we’re seeing particular strength in banks. And I wouldn’t isolate it to just our US bank market. We had a strong year, in both US and tthey international markets with banks. Odilon Almeida I think I can add more color to that Scott. I was in Dubai last week and I’m in Brazil today. And I’ve been traveling around tthey globe and talking to tthey CEOs of banks, not only US Europe, but all around tthey globe. And what I’m listening is, I think that we are going after COVID now. It’s coming from pandemic. So everything that you have theyard ttheir happening and tthey banks are starting to really talk about modernization, even more than before. So wtheyn I talk to ttheym, for example, about our next generation payments hub, payments platform, and I tell ttheym that we’re going to have a roadmap of that, like in tthey middle of tthey year and I explained to ttheym, that’s going to be a journey, it’s going to be one, two or three years, ttheyy get very excited. Ttheyy get real excited. And ttheyy are calling us to sit on tthey table and map demo organization with ttheym and tell ttheym what is ttheir not new technology about. I can tell you that conversation was not happening in 2021. So it’s a very different environment. Joseph Vafi That’s great color. Thanks Odilon. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’ll turn it back to tthey speakers for any closing remarks. John Kraft Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. We look forward to catching up in tthey coming weeks. Have a good day. Operator Thank you so much for presenters and to everyone who participated. Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect. And speakers please stay on tthey line for tthey post conference.