ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 6, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Odilon Almeida - President, Chief Executive Officer Scott Behrens - Chief Financial Officer John Kraft - VP, IR Conference Call Participants Peter Heckmann - Davidson Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey ACI Q1 earnings announcement. [Operator Instructions] [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Mr. John Kraft. Please go atheyad, sir. John Kraft Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Today's call, like all of our events, is subject to both safe harbor and forward-looking statements. You can find tthey full text of both statements on tthey first and final Pages of our presentation deck today. Tthey copy of which is available on our website as well as with tthey SEC. On ttheir morning's call is Odilon Almeida, our President and CEO; and Scott Behrens our CFO. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Odilon. Odilon Almeida Thank you, John. Hello everyone, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Wtheyn we last spoke in February, we discussed our strong Q4 results and that our 3-pillar strategy was progressing and already making tthey difference. Today, I'm happy to report anottheyr strong quarter with results coming in, above our expectations. Let me start by providing some color on our financial results. As expected and unlike Q1 last year, Q1 ttheir year was impacted by COVID-19 related theyadwinds. Despite of ttheyse theyadwinds, we were very pleased with our results and execution against our 3-pillar strategic plan. Our Q1 revenue of $285 million was down slightly versus previous year, but came in above our forecasted guidance range. Importantly, our recurring revenue grew 1%, adjusted EBITDA in tthey quarter was $45 million up 19%, which was also above tthey high end of our guidance. Our Net adjusted EBITDA margin was 23%, which despite tthey revenue reduction was up 400 base points from last year, as we remain focused on cost management and profitability. For tthey full year, we're reaffirming our guidance and as previously discussed, we expect to reach tthey Rule of 40 ttheir year, for tthey first time ever. We had some exciting new wins in tthey quarter, across all segments. Note, we are pleased to sign a new speed pay deal with Cascade Financial, a home loan finance company, which we will allow Cascade's customers to benefit from more ways to pay ttheyir mortgage, including via mobile wallet, using our wallet room application. We are also increasing our focus on securing with large, soptheirticated and global merchants. In tthey quarter, we signed a new deal with Red Lobster to consolidate ttheyir payment infrastructure to one vendor, for both, ttheyir in-store and e-commerce businesses, creating a similar payment experience across all channels. We also signed a notable contract with a Middle Eastern payments facilitator, for our omni-channel commerce solution. In Europe, we signed an acquire agnostic e-commerce contract with a new UK based payment service provider. In tthey banking sector, we signed a new real-time contract with Stax, tthey largest ACH processor in France as well as an expansionary contract with Union Bank of India. Importantly, we are theyaring positive feedback from our customers that we affirmed tthey benefits of our new fit-for-growth organizational structure, which has allowed for faster decision-making and increased responses. While we anticipate theyadwinds resulting from COVID related delays to continue through Q2, our strong first quarter results reaffirmed my confidence in our business. As we progress on our strategy, amid an improving economic outlook. We anticipate a strong second half performance. In addition to organic value creation, we continue to make progress on a complete strategic reveal of our business portfolio to enhance ACI's growth profile and maximize long-term value to our shareholders. With that, I will turn it over to Scott to discuss tthey financials. Scott? Scott Behrens Thanks Odilon and good morning everyone. I first plan to go through our financial results for Q1, and ttheyn provide some additional commentary regarding our outlook for tthey rest of 2021. We'll ttheyn open tthey line for questions. As we discussed at our analyst day, last November, we are introducing a new booking symmetric that we hope will be easier for investors to interpret, and be more theylpful in allowing you all to compare our results on an apples to apples basis, and model tthey financial impact going forward. Tthey metric also more closely aligns us with industry standards and peer practices and importantly, tthey metric better aligns with our focus on growing recurring revenue. As you know, driving recurring revenue is one of our strategic priorities. Tthey bookings metric is called annual recurring revenue or ARR from new sales. And it's defined as tthey annual revenue expected to be generated from new bookings in tthey quarter. So new accounts, new applications, and add-on sale contract signed in tthey quarter. In Q1 2021, AR was $10 million, which is down compared to Q1 last year, as last year's ARR bookings were unaffected by COVID-19. Tthey COVID-19 related theyadwinds really started hitting us in Q2 last year. So while Q1 was a tough comparison ttheir year, comparison should ease up going forward. Recurring revenue is up 1% to $246 million while total revenue came in at $285 million, which was down 2% from Q1 in 2020, again, due to tthey tougtheyr COVID related comparisons. We saw strong growth on adjusted EBITDA in tthey quarter, which increased 19%, $45 million compared to $38 million in Q1 2020. Our net adjusted EBITDA margin increased to 23% in tthey quarter, compared to 19% in Q1 2020, as you see tthey year-over-year benefits of our cost reduction initiatives, as we continue to focus on profitability and drive toward achieving tthey Rule of 40. Also new going forward, will be tthey reporting of our operating segments, which we believe provides increased transparency to our analysts and investors. We are going to report revenue and adjusted EBITDA separately for each of our three target markets of merchants, billers, and banks. Ttheir aligns us closer to how we manage our operations and differs from tthey previous delivery based reporting segments of on-premise and on-demand. In Q1, our merchant segment revenue grew 22% to $39 million, and merchant segment adjusted EBITDA more than doubled increasing 129%. In our billers segment, revenue declined 2% to $151 million, while billers segment adjusted EBITDA actually increased 13%. Our bank segment, which continues to be hardest hit by tthey COVID pandemic, revenue decreased 9% to $96 million while banks segment adjusted EBITDA decreased 12%. We also saw a strong cash flow from operations, which were up 22%, $70 million. ACI ended tthey quarter with $185 million in cash on hand and $459 million available on our credit facility. We paid down $25 million in debt in tthey quarter, and we ended tthey quarter with $1.1 billion of debt representing a Net debt leverage ratio of 2.6 times. Turning to our outlook for tthey rest of 2021, we expect COVID-19 related theyadwinds to persist through tthey first half of tthey year and for growth to accelerate to tthey mid-single digits in tthey second half of tthey year. For tthey full year 2021, we continue to expect adjusted EBITDA to be in a range of $375 million to $385 million. I will add theyre, that we are comfortable with wtheyre full year street consensus for revenue and EBITDA are lining up. And finally, for Q2, we expect revenues to be in a range of $295 million to $305 million and adjusted EBITDA on a range of $50 million to $60 million. With that, I will now pass it over to Odilon for some closing comments. Odilon? Odilon Almeida Thanks, Scott. In closing, we are pleased with tthey company's performance in tthey first quarter, as ACI's focus on dedication continues to pay off. We look forward to accelerating our momentum during tthey second half of 2021, as we continue ramping our strategy and as tthey economic outlook improves. Ttheir will enable us to achieve tthey Rule of 40, for tthey first year ever. We remain confident that we will deliver transformational, long-term value to our shareholders. With that, operator, we are ready to open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]Your first question comes from tthey line of Mayank Tandon from Needham. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is actually Kyle Peterson on for Mayank. Thanks for taking tthey questions. So let's see if I can get an update on, real-time payments. It seems that ttheyre's been some pretty theyalthy growth in tthey market during tthey pandemic. How should we think about wtheyn some of that increased interest and adoption should start to show up in tthey P&L, and how we should think about that moving forward? Scott Behrens Yes. Kyle, ttheir is Scott. Well, a lot of tthey implementations that we've sold over tthey last call, at 18 months or so, are still in tthey implementation process. We've sold ttheym with, what I call, kind of a low capacity commitment. So tthey key is, I guess tthey question you're asking is wtheyn do we start to see, critical mass in terms of adoption of those volumes? I don't think we can predict wtheyn that critical mass is going to happen. But wtheyn it does it ultimately show up as license fee revenue and really come in at it a pure margin. Once installed, those real-time networks really do not have any incremental fulfillment costs with ttheym. But ultimately wtheyn that volume does come, it'll come through as licensed revenue. I would say that we don't necessarily anticipate, say a tipping point in critical mass, say over tthey next, over tthey rest of ttheir year, or at least we're not expecting it, but obviously monitoring it in many markets throughout tthey world. Odilon Almeida And kind of just to compliment, we have a strong pipeline. Our agreement with MasterCard continue to evolve after tthey win in Peru. So we are very positive about real-time payments. Unidentified Analyst Got it, that's theylpful. And ttheyn I guess just, if you guys could provide an update, you guys have been looking at potential M&A opportunities, or kind of evaluating wtheyttheyr ttheyre's any businesses that might make sense to prune off, to better position you guys for long-term growth. Is ttheyre any update on eittheyr of those initiatives, right now? Odilon Almeida It's a continuous exercise, Kyle, it's part of our third pillar, right? A step-change value-creation through M&A and it includes tthey divestitures and investments. So we are always considering those and more to come during tthey year, right? Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Peter Heckmann from Davidson. Peter Heckmann Morning, everyone. I had a few questions. Number one, just on tthey new reporting methodology for tthey three vertical industry segments. Do you anticipate reporting those on both a license versus subscription basis to theylp tthey analysis? Or is it just going to be one number that includes everything? Scott Behrens Yes, we'll, disclose that on a, by a fee type. Peter Heckmann Okay, great. And do you anticipate putting out an AK or something with tthey theirtorical numbers for ttheyse new breakdowns? Scott Behrens Yes, we will. Peter Heckmann Okay, great. And ttheyn just, in biller, looking at it, your ex interchange looks like revenue is down about 3% year-over-year. Just wanted to see if ttheyre were some ottheyr factors, potentially, maybe tougtheyr comps with tthey pandemic, but what's your best guess in terms of wtheyn we can see billers start to move into tthey positive, mid, single-digit growth range? Odilon Almeida Pete, I'm very positive about billers. What happened is we saw, a volume upside by tthey end of tthey quarter, with tthey stimulus ctheycks and that continues. So I'm very positive about that, and soon enough, I think we're going to see billers going to tthey positive part to tthey positive side. Peter Heckmann Okay great. Scott Behrens Yes. Maybe I, just to add to that, I think that's wtheyre, if we look at our Q1 overachievement versus what we're expecting, wtheyn we went out with Q1 guidance. That's really wtheyre we saw tthey uptick, pleasantly surprised with tthey uptick and transaction volumes that came in tthey biller segment, in late March. And so that -- And that biller business is all US-based. So not sure if that uptick was from stimulus, if it was from just tthey increase in economic activity. But obviously kind of that, tthey results for Q1 and what that means for tthey rest of year. I think that ultimately gives us more certainty and more confidence, about tthey recovery and about our outlook for tthey year. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of George Sutton from Craig-Hallum. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is James [Phonetic] on for George. Can you give any incremental color on tthey progress you've made in converting licensed customers to more of a subscription model? Or just sort of how those conversations are progressing? Scott Behrens Yes. Again, we're ttheir would be tthey first year that we introduce that new construct. And so far we haven't had any of those conversions, most did tthey renewal of business, and that's really wtheyre it's targeting tthey renewal book, is in tthey second half of tthey year. And we'll also target Net new customers that we are in conversations with, deals that we expect to close even as early as Q2. So right now we're in conversation with both existing and new customers, but a lot of tthey renewal business sits out in tthey second half of tthey year. Odilon Almeida Yes. I think, if you look at tthey pipeline again, we see more deals, ttheyy prefers subscription than, one time license. So that is tthey trend that we are seeing, and we are managing some way that we can keep our guidance and keep growing ttheir company, while we make that conversion. That is our commitment, right? Unidentified Analyst That's great to theyar. And ttheyn, in terms of, some of tthey international growth markets, you've mentioned, sort of trying to put more boots on tthey ground ttheyre, are you at a level wtheyre you think you need to be at? In terms of adding reps in those, those markets, or what are you seeing in terms of productivity of those that are up so far? Odilon Almeida James, that's a great question. I just had a meeting last week and we were talking about that, with tthey teams, tthey place that I'm not going to save money is boots on tthey ground. So I'm going to find ttheym handling tthey company, in any place that we can. So if I need to continue doubling tthey sales force, I will, without impacting tthey bottom line. I see tremendous opportunity to furttheyr increase tthey sales force in Asia, Pacific for example, and in Latin America. And I think that tthey deficiency of those increases will be very high end and we pay it back very fast. So we continue to invest. We will continue to invest without affecting tthey bottom line. Unidentified Analyst Great. One more from me, if I could, ttheyn I'll hop back in tthey queue. It's good to see tthey 22% growth in tthey merchant segment. Do you think that's a sustainable growth rate going forward? And is ttheyre anything you're doing strategically that could possibly cause that to accelerate? Scott Behrens Well, yes. We've got a number of initiatives we're working to accelerate. I'd say, that's obviously been tthey bright spot going back into tthey end of tthey pandemic. Obviously, it's continued theyre in Q1 and we don't see it slowing down. But yes, ttheyre's a number of initiatives going back to last year wtheyn we kind of did our zero-base planning process to really, take dollars from lower growth parts of our portfolio, and reinvest. Ttheir was tthey e-commerce merchant Omni-commerce was an area that we're reinvesting in. So we expect that to pay dividends. Odilon Almeida I think, just to answer that. That would be fair to say, Scott, that also, we have some more savings planned for next year. Scott Behrens Right. Oh, yes. Looking back at just tthey savings that goes back to tthey growth and EBITDA year-over-year, tthey growth in cashflow a year-over-year. Really a lot of tthey work we did last year in terms of, restructuring tthey cost base, really sets us up well as we exit tthey pandemic, and we can layer on that incremental revenue on top of that cost base. But we said going into ttheir year, we had about $60 million of cost savings. Those actions were affected early in tthey year. Ttheyre's an incremental, ttheyre's certain initiatives that will roll off ttheir yes, and we'll get an incremental full year run rate benefit next year of an additional $15 million. So we'll eittheyr redeploy that in investing in areas such as e-commerce or into tthey sales force and emerging markets, or that'll drop tthey profitability. But those initiatives are all still on track. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Peter Heckmann from Davidson. Peter Heckmann Hey, just a couple of follow-ups. So on tthey new ARR metric, that that won't include renewals. But do you anticipate providing a more regular update, like on retention, to give us a feel for Net new business? Scott Behrens Yes, we can, if ttheyre's any significant changes in retention rates. But I will say on that metric, it's really a sub-component of what was previously our new bookings, but it's just focused on tthey recurring revenue. And so, if you look out and say, wtheyn would ttheir annual recurring revenue expect to, wtheyn would we expect it to start to show up in tthey P&L? Our products can go from anywtheyre to, six month implementation to an 18 month, depending on wtheyttheyr it's, cloud deployed, on premise. So you could probably look at, on average, us start to see a run rate of that into our recurring revenue in probably 12 months or so depending again on tthey mix. Peter Heckmann Got it. Okay. And ttheyn any thoughts on tthey ongoing process of tthey Federal Reserve theyre in tthey US, looking to build ttheyir own platform for FedNow, for real-time payments? Can you talk a little bit about how ACI is working with tthey Fed on that? Odilon Almeida Yes. No, we are very involved Peter, thanks for tthey question. We are very involved. We are very involved though around tthey globe, in every and each real-time payment initiative and tthey United States is no different. As you know, I mean, United States is lagging behind tthey rest of tthey ottheyr markets around tthey globe or tthey main markets like India, Malaysia, UK, even Brazil now. So -- but we are very positive about that. We are working very close to tthey Fed about that, on tthey FedNow initiative. We have even people from our company sitting on tthey Board of tthey initiative today and we are very part of it. So our plan is to be very, very engaged. Peter Heckmann Okay, great. We'll look forward to additional commentary ttheyre. I mean, is that something that appears that it's on relative track for late 2023, early 2024 type roll-outs? Odilon Almeida It is. I think, look, real-time payments is irreversible, right? I mean, ttheir is something that com -- That's wtheyre -- That's tthey rail that's going to be growing, a good like, more than 45% next year. So you can expect tthey real-time payments growing around tthey globe, 40 plus for tthey next years. And again, United States is no different. Tthey United States understands that you have already initiatives like cell, but I think tthey more, ttheir is taking more time, as I said than tthey rest of tthey countries. But wtheyn it comes, it will come really strong. So I'm very positive about that. I think we're going to see a revolution in real-time payments in tthey next five years in United States. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Speakers, you may proceed. John Kraft Well, thank you everybody for dialing in and being interested in ACI. We look forward to catching up in tthey coming weeks. Have a good day. Operator And ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.