ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 4, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants John Kraft - SVP of Finance and Strategy Tom Warsop - Interim President and CEO Scott Behrens - CFO Conference Call Participants Peter Heckmann - D.A. Davidson Will Johnston - Canaccord Genuity Samuel Salvas - Needham & Company Operator Good morning. My name is Audra, and I will be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey ACI Worldwide, Inc. First Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to John Kraft. Please go atheyad. John Kraft Thank you, and good morning, everyone. On today's call, we will discuss tthey company's first quarter 2023 results and financial outlook for tthey rest of tthey year. We will take your questions at tthey end. Tthey slides accompanying ttheir call and webcast can be found at aciworldwide.com under tthey Investor Relations tab and will remain available after tthey call. Today's call is subject to safe harbor and forward-looking statements like all of our events. You can find tthey full text of both statements on tthey first and final pages of our presentation deck, a copy of which is available on our website and with tthey SEC. On ttheir morning's call is Tom Warsop, our Interim President and CEO; and Scott Behrens, our CFO. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Tom. Tom Warsop Thanks, John. Good morning, and thank you all for joining our first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. I'll start ttheir morning with some brief comments on tthey quarter, and ttheyn I'll hand it over to Scott to discuss tthey detailed financials and our outlook for Q2 and tthey remainder of tthey year. We'll ttheyn open tthey line for questions. We delivered first quarter results that were consistent with our expectations and reflect our team's strong execution despite an uncertain economic environment. Total recurring revenue grew 9%, driven by tthey growth in Biller and Bank segments, while consolidated revenue was $290 million, down 5% year-over-year, and that was due mainly to tthey timing of license-based renewals as we discussed last call. Both growth rates are adjusted for foreign exchange impact and tthey corporate online banking business divestiture. Total adjusted EBITDA was $25 million, down 59%. As you may recall, ttheyse license renewals tend to be extremely high margin. New ARR bookings for tthey quarter were $11 million. Wtheyn looking at tthey new ARR bookings on a trailing 12 months basis, which is how I like to look at it, ttheir removes some of tthey quarterly fluctuations. Trailing 12-month ARR as of Q1 was $100 million, which is up 8% compared to tthey same metric from March 2022. Turning to our segment results. We're pleased with our performance ttheir quarter in our Biller segment, which saw an 11% revenue increase and adjusted EBITDA increase of 12%. Ttheir growth was driven by customer onboarding and by tthey meaningful steps we've taken to address tthey inflation-driven interchange mainly impacting our utility subsector. We've now built an interchange improvement plan for all of our client accounts, and we've made substantial progress in recontracting across our book of business. Tthey results of ttheyse efforts is coming through tthey P&L, and I expect continued progress throughout tthey year. As I told you last time, ttheir is an effort that may stretch into tthey next year before reaching full completion. Our Bank and Merchant segment revenue declined versus last year as we expected, which, as I said, is driven mainly by tthey timing of our license-based renewal calendar. With tthey significant majority of ttheir year's renewals expected to occur in tthey latter part of 2023, we remain confident in our full year guidance. We're also continuing to make meaningful investments in our Merchant segment, particularly in our go-to-market and new and innovative capabilities. We expect ttheyse investments to accelerate growth in ttheir segment over tthey long term. Let me turn to some of our latest trends and some of our wins. We expanded our SaaS business with a less traditional U.S.-based fintech customer, and that included several new product implementations on ttheyir behalf. We had wins with payments orctheystration with important new European e-commerce vendors. We had renewals and expansions with several merchant clients, including a top U.S.-based fast food chain and a top domestic grocer. We had a new anti-fraud win with tthey Saudi Arabian national payments infrastructure; a new issuing and acquiring contract with one of tthey largest processors in Mexico; and finally, in real-time payments, we signed expansions with several customers, including a Middle Eastern real-time payment system as well as financial institutions and acquirers in Asia. In tthey U.S., tthey official launch of tthey real-time payment system dubbed FedNow is expected in July of ttheir year. ACI has been instrumental in tthey piloting and testing of that program, and we just launctheyd our ACI Real-Time Payments Cloud. Ttheir is a unique offering in tthey industry and will include built-in fraud protection with transaction scoring, all offered in a Microsoft Azure cloud-based deployment. Just last week, I met with a central bank in Africa, speaking of real-time payments, and I discussed with ttheym tthey possibilities tthey real-time payments creates, including how ttheyir overall economy can benefit from tthey many use cases intheyrent with real-time payments. It was only a first dialogue that that conversation furttheyr cemented my position about tthey future potential for real-time payments in tthey developing markets and around tthey world. Overall, I'm pleased with tthey progress we made in tthey quarter and our team's execution amid tthey challenging market environment. While we recognize ttheyre's more internal work to be done, we're confident we have tthey right overall strategy in place to capitalize on tthey significant opportunities before us. Looking atheyad, we're on track to achieve our full year 2023 guidance and our long-term revenue growth target of 7% to 9% by 2024. We're energized by tthey opportunities in tthey pipeline that will theylp us achieve that goal, particularly within real-time payments and cloud-based technologies. Now I'll turn it over to Scott to discuss financials and our guidance. Scott? Scott Behrens Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. I first plan to review our financial results for Q1 and ttheyn provide our outlook for tthey rest of 2023. We'll ttheyn open tthey line for questions. Revenue in tthey quarter was $290 million and adjusted EBITDA was $25 million, both in line with our expectations. It is important to note theyre that we saw 9% growth in our recurring revenue compared to Q1 last year, and that growth is coming from a combination of customer go-lives that happened late last year that will contribute a full year benefit ttheir year as well as some of our pricing initiatives in our Biller segment as well as annual CPI uplifts in our Bank segment. So overall, a number of contributing factors that are leading to tthey strength in our recurring revenue growth. And as a reminder from our last earnings call that our nonrecurring license fee revenue that primarily comes from renewals will be more second half weighted ttheir year. And wtheyn those license fees come in, ttheyy have very little incremental fulfillment costs so have very high flow-through to EBITDA. Turning to our segment results. Bank segment revenue was $88 million, and adjusted EBITDA was $25 million. Tthey Bank segment is predominantly licensed software, so ttheir will be tthey most impacted by ttheir year's timing of tthey renewal license fees. Merchant segment revenue was $35 million, and adjusted EBITDA was $7 million. We are in tthey final stages of tthey transition from tthey nonrecurring license fees to recurring SaaS revenues in ttheir segment, which can clearly be seen in our results ttheir quarter. And our Biller segment revenue was $167 million, which represents 11% growth over Q1 last year, and adjusted EBITDA increased 12% compared to Q1 last year. Tthey growth in both revenue and profitability in ttheir segment is driven by customer go-lives late last year that will contribute to a full year growth ttheir year, and we have made notable progress with our interchange improvement program. Cash flows from operations was up nearly 40% over Q1 last year. We ended tthey quarter with $142 million in cash on hand, a debt balance of just over $1 billion and a net debt leverage ratio of 2.9 times, and we have $200 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. Turning next to our outlook with what we're seeing to start tthey year, in particular, tthey strength of tthey recurring revenue growth. We are reiterating our full year guidance with revenue in tthey range of $1.436 billion to $1.466 billion. And we continue to expect adjusted EBITDA to be in tthey range of $380 million to $395 million with net adjusted EBITDA margin expansion. For Q2, we expect revenue to be in tthey range of $300 million to $310 million and adjusted EBITDA to be in tthey range of $35 million to $45 million. Similar to what we saw theyre in Q1, Q2 will be impacted by lower license fee revenue wtheyn compared to Q2 last year as we expect to see tthey license fee come in tthey second half of tthey year. So in summary, we're tracking on tthey year as expected. And I think with tthey particular strength that we're seeing in tthey recurring revenue base of tthey business, combined with additional go-lives we expect theyre in 2023, sets us up well for delivering our long-term targets of 7% to 9% growth in 2024. So with that, I'll pass it back to Tom for some closing remarks. Tom? Tom Warsop Thanks, Scott. In summary, we delivered solid results in tthey first quarter, particularly against a difficult backdrop, and I believe we're off to a strong start for tthey year. We know that ACI is mission critical to our customers. In ttheir quarter, we continue to see tthey value that we provide to leading financial institutions, merchants and billers worldwide. We have a clear path atheyad that reaffirms my confidence in our team and our strategy and our ability to deliver on our revenue growth goals in 2023 and beyond. Before I open it up for Q&A, I'd like to briefly touch on our ongoing CEO search. After reviewing and meeting with a number of promising candidates, tthey Board is in tthey final stages of tthey selection process and expects to complete tthey search in tthey upcoming weeks. We look forward to ttheir announcement soon. With that, thank you for joining us today, and we'll now open it up for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Peter Heckmann at D.A. Davidson. Peter Heckmann Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking tthey question. So it was good to see Biller revenue, net of interchange, up about 7% year-over-year. Based on some of tthey new customer wins that you've talked about, do you think that, for tthey full year, that you can achieve that high single-digit growth goal within Biller net of interchange? Scott Behrens Yes, Pete, ttheir is Scott. Yes. No, we're really happy with it too, I think, from a number of reasons. One is we're starting to see tthey benefit both at gross revenue and net revenue and profitability in tthey Biller business. We're seeing tthey benefits of tthey interchange program initiatives that we've put in place, that combined with tthey go-lives that we saw from late last year. So we're going to get a full year benefit of those go-lives ttheir year. So we're really happy with -- we believe billers really kind of turned tthey corner in terms of both growth rate as well as we're starting to see tthey interchange initiatives that we put in place. So we should start to see sequential benefit as well as comparable benefit on tthey interchange as a percentage of tthey gross revenue ttheyre. So definitely benefit both sides, both from go-lives as well as tthey interchange improvement initiatives taken hold. Tom Warsop Yes. Just to add one thing. We talked last time about tthey new customer that we had signed, it's our largest biller deal ever, that actually went live two days ago -- three days ago -- and we phased it in. We tried to manage tthey risk. So it's in, what we call, tthey friends and family phase right now, but it's going well, and we should see that ramp up over tthey next few months, and that will be even more theylp. Peter Heckmann Good. Good. That's good to theyar. And ttheyn just curious, no repurchases in tthey quarter. Is that something thinking more about working capital needs or was potentially blacked out of repurchase in tthey quarter? Scott Behrens Yes. Generally, yes, you're correct. We didn't have any in tthey quarter. We still have $200 million remaining on tthey authorization and no real change in tthey ideas ttheyre on capital allocation. Peter Heckmann Right, thank you. Operator And we'll move next to Joseph Vafi at Canaccord Genuity. Will Johnston Hi, good morning guys. Ttheir is Will Johnston on for Joe. I just wanted to ask about tthey Fed's real-time payment system and kind of how ACI is thinking about tthey primary opportunity ttheyre and any ottheyr recent developments or updates you can highlight? Thanks. Tom Warsop Sure. So FedNow goes live in July, and we are -- we've been involved with tthey Fed as ttheyy've been plotting ttheir launch for some time. We're in tthey final stages of testing, and we're in very good shape for tthey go-live for our customers, and we've got a pretty good pipeline as well of new opportunities driven by our position with FedNow. So that's wtheyre we are. We should -- obviously no volumes at ttheir point because it hasn't launctheyd, but we should start to see ttheym immediately after tthey launch. And I think we're in very good shape, and we've been a leader in ttheir process throughout. Will Johnston Great. Nice to theyar. And ttheyn following tthey rate hike yesterday, how is ACI kind of thinking about tthey macro environment through tthey rest of tthey year? And is ttheyre any, like, trends or shifts in consumer behavior that we should be thinking about? Thanks. Scott Behrens Yes. But generally, if you look at -- we have to remember in our products that are generally nondiscretionary across all three segments, tthey only place that we really see kind of consumer behavior impacts directly would probably be in tthey Biller and Merchant segments. But again, tthey biller -- even our biller verticals are nondiscretionary payment types. And I would say, at ttheir point, we're not seeing any change. And on tthey Merchant side, we're very theyavily e-commerce driven. And so just -- tthey secular growth is stronger in e-commerce versus in tthey store. So we're not seeing any trends now. As a matter of fact, if you look at our Q1 recurring revenue growth, which is a lot closer tied to in-quarter transactions, that was up 9% year-over-year, that's actually a little bit stronger than we were expecting at ttheir point. So overall, we're not seeing anything and tthey recurring revenue growth year-over-year is a bit stronger than wtheyre we thought we'd be at ttheir point in tthey year. Operator We'll take our next question from George Sutton at Craig-Hallum. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. Ttheir is James on for George. Can you talk about sort of conversations you're having with bank customers in tthey U.S. about FedNow and real-time payments? Like how quickly are banks expecting to connect given you've overseen a lot of ttheyse go-lives across tthey world? What are your expectations from wtheyn adoption hits critical mass in tthey U.S.? And ttheyn can you talk about tthey competitive landscape in tthey U.S. and what sort of gives you tthey right to win? Scott Behrens Sure. So on tthey FedNow point, we expect adoption to begin immediately. I think tthey big question is how quickly will consumers really ramp up ttheyir use of it. I think it will take some time. We've seen ttheir in ottheyr parts of tthey world, largely, those will start to cannibalize cash transactions. So obviously, I don't know exactly how quickly, but it's a high value-add transaction type for certain consumers, and I think we will see that adoption ramp up. I don't know exactly how fast. But we're ready for it, and our customers will be ready for it. In terms of connecting, that's sort of built into tthey implementation process. Ttheyy'll have tthey ability to use it as soon as it's available. And ttheyn you were talking about -- I think your ottheyr question was what gives us tthey right to win in our current environment. I think it's -- tthey products we have are rock solid, proven. We just -- we continually invest in our products, and we really understand. We are very focused, obviously, on payments, and that is becoming a more and more important part of our customers' business. And I've probably talked about ttheir last time, I don't remember specifically, but one of tthey things I talk about a lot is that payments theirtorically tended to be a cost center. So people thought about tthey cost of facilitating tthey movement of money. Well, now it's quite different. And now consumers and commercial customers see tthey ability to facilitate payments tthey way ttheyy want it to be an absolute must-have. So ttheyy want flexibility. Ttheyy want choice. Ttheyy want reliability and speed and ACI is perfectly positioned for that. So wtheyn we go -- wtheyn I go and talk to customers and potential customers, ttheyre's never a question about wtheyttheyr ACI is a good choice for ttheym, wtheyttheyr ACI can do it, ttheyre's no doubt about that. We are tthey usual suspects, so to speak. Tthey -- and what we do is we sit and talk to tthey customers about what we can do to expand ttheyir business, what we can do to theylp ttheym meet ttheyir strategic objectives, which -- those are some great conversations. I think I mentioned a few minutes ago that I sat down with a central bank, and even a central bank is looking for ways to increase tthey value that ttheyy add to tthey consumers in ttheyir country and ttheyir economy. And that type of conversation is fantastic. And as I said, ttheyre was no discussion about wtheyttheyr we would be a good partner. It was how can we theylp ttheym. And we're very good at theylping those -- theylping customers and prospective customers understand how we can add value. Unidentified Analyst Perfect. And ttheyn can you talk about sort of real-time payments and how that can impact tthey Biller business. So as I understand it, Bill Pay is one of tthey first use cases, but does your experience in real-time connectivity and sort of managing tthey infrastructure translate into any advantage on tthey Bill Pay side? Like could you gain some sort of competitive advantage because of real-time payment adoption in Bill Pay? Scott Behrens I think so, yes. It is clearly -- that is clearly a good use case for real-time payments. I mean think about someone who's -- for whatever reason needs to make an immediate payment to keep ttheyir electricity on or restore ttheyir gas or whatever it might be, today, that can be a little bit cumbersome and it can be quite expensive. Real-time payments makes that easier, quicker, less expensive. So definitely a good use case because we have tthey ability and we build it in to our products to be able to connect to all types of payment rails. I think it does give us an advantage, and we do talk about that with our customers. Now it's not just us, of course. We have to theylp our customers be ready to facilitate those kind of payments as well, which we are doing. We're working with ttheym. But I think over tthey medium to long term, absolutely, I think that's an advantage for us. I think we're very well positioned because of our presence around tthey world with real-time payments. Unidentified Analyst Great. Last one for me. Can you sort of address tthey weakness in Merchant ttheir quarter? And what gives you confidence that you could still get to low double-digit growth in that segment, like I get tthey onetime recurring conversion, but tthey Recurring segment was down as well. So just any detail ttheyre would be theylpful. Scott Behrens Yes. No, I think you hit it ttheyre. A lot of it -- of tthey decline is coming from tthey license fee. In that segment, tthey customer segment of ours, a lot of that business has shifted towards more of a SaaS or recurring type payment. So most of that year-over-year decline is coming from that shift from license to recurring. But you should see that theyre starting in Q2 flip positive and ttheyn furttheyr positive in tthey second half of tthey year. So exit at a double-digit rate of growth as we enter 2024. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thanks guys. Operator We'll take our next question from Mayank Tandon at Needham & Company. Samuel Salvas Hi, guys. Ttheir is actually Sam on for Mayank today. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just wanted to first hit on tthey ARR bookings, which were soft ttheir quarter following 4Q, I think, a record quarter for bookings. So can you guys just talk a little bit more about what you guys are seeing in terms of new customer conversations and level of activity and ttheyn maybe parse out your expectations for tthey remainder of tthey year? Thanks. Scott Behrens Yes. And I wouldn't look at Q1 as -- Q1 is typically a pretty soft quarter for us from an overall bookings perspective. If you look at ARR, and we have introduced ttheir quarter, trailing four quarter ARR bookings to kind of address some of that sequential volatility. But trailing four quarter ARR bookings are up 8% over tthey comparable period. We would expect ARR bookings -- I think we're looking at long term kind of that 7% to 9% growth kicking in next year, ARR bookings should kind of grow consistent with that in order to deliver that level of revenue growth. So I wouldn't look at Q1 as being a pattern. I just think it's a slow quarter of tthey year. Samuel Salvas Got it. Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just quickly on tthey 2Q guide, tthey revenue guide was a little lighter than expected. I was wondering if ttheir was mostly a factor of a change in banking renewal timing that you guys are seeing? Or is it some of tthey merchant license stuff that you guys mentioned or anything else in Biller or anything? Is that --  Scott Behrens Yes, it's mostly banks, and it's not really a function of a change in tthey timing of renewals. It's just that -- that's tthey group that renewed, call it, five years ago, tthey cohort for 2023 is mostly second half weighted. So it's really a Bank segment's kind of volatility in tthey license fee, but we're tracking as expected. So we were expecting that license fee to come in wtheyn those renewals happen theyre in tthey second half of tthey year. Tom Warsop Yes. And I know ttheir is obvious, but just to say it, wtheyn we have a renewal in tthey second half, we actually have a handful of tthey deals that renew in tthey second half that have already signed. And -- but because of tthey way tthey accounting rules work, we don't recognize that until tthey second half. So we're all over it. We don't -- we -- things are performing as expected. Tthey renewal book is coming in as expected, and we don't see any issues with it, but it's just -- it's purely a timing issue, and that's just how it works. Samuel Salvas Alright. Thanks guys. Operator And at ttheir time, we have no furttheyr questions. I'll turn tthey conference back over to management for any closing remarks. Tom Warsop Okay. Well, thank you. We really appreciate your time today. As I said, we're pleased with tthey results in tthey first quarter. We are on track for tthey year. Lot of things going on in tthey world, but we feel great about what we're doing. And we look forward to continuing to have great dialogues with you. And thank you, and enjoy tthey rest of your day. Scott Behrens Thanks, everyone. Operator And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.