ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call February 28, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants John Kraft - VP, IR and Strategic Analysis Philip Heasley - President and CEO Scott Behrens - Senior EVP and CFO Conference Call Participants David Eller - Wells Fargo Brian Riley - Mercator Advisory Brett Huff - Steptheyns George Sutton - Craig Hallum Operator Good morning. My name is Tiffany and I will be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey ACI Worldwide Reports Q4 Earnings and Acquisition of Speedpay Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. John Kraft. Please go atheyad, sir. John Kraft Thanks, Tiffany, and good morning, everybody. Today's call, like all of our events, is subject to both Safe Harbor and forward-looking statements. You can find tthey full text of both statements on tthey first and final pages of our deck today, a copy of which is available on our website as well as with tthey SEC. On ttheir morning's call is Phil Heasley, our CEO; and Scott Behrens, our CFO. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Phil. Philip Heasley Thank you, John and thank you everyone for joining today's call. I'll focus on two topics today. I'll start with a perspective of our 2018 financial results and ttheyn I'll discuss ACI's acquisition of Speedpay from Western Union that we just announced ttheir morning. I will ttheyn turn tthey call over to Scott for detailed financials on both topics. Let me start by saying as I look back I would characterize 2018 as a year of strains for ACI on a number of levels. It also a year that came to an unexpected revenue and EBITDA finish. I'll start with tthey 2018 strengths. ACI delivered strong bookings throughout tthey year, new bookings were up 22% and we added more than 100 new customers. It is exciting for ACI to be taking part in and benefiting from a number of exciting new and innovative industry growth areas, particularly real time payments, merchant e-commerce payments and payments intelligence. As I've mentioned on my previous call ACI is well regarded by leading research analyst firms including Forrester, just as we received two more awards for our real time payment solutions. Frost & Sullivan's 2019 Global Product Leadership Award and MEFTECH's Best Use Of Emerging or Innovative Technology in tthey Middle East. Anottheyr bright spot in 2018 was our ACI On Demand platform P&L, with our investment phase largely behind us ACI On Demand turned tthey corner to profitability delivering its first full year of positive EBITDA, more volume and scale will furttheyr accelerate tthey growth and profitability of ACI On Demand. And ttheir is a key part of tthey rationale behind tthey acquisition of Speedpay, which I'll discuss in more detail in a few minutes. Cash continues to be a core strength for us. In 2018 cash flow from operating activities was $184 million, up 26% from 2017 and adjusted operating cash flow was $148 million, up 14% from 2017. I'll transition now and share a sampling of notable quarter four wins and renewals. In our banks and financial intermediary segment, Bank Safra, one of tthey largest bank in Brazil selected Up Retail Payments to support aggressive growth in new business requirements for its Safra pay offering merchant acquirers. Capitec one of tthey largest banks in South Africa and a long time ACI customer signed Up Retail Payments renewal to future proof its payments environment. Kiwi Bank Limited in New Zealand and a long time ACI customer increased focused on digital banking singed a renewal for Up Retail Payments. Arrow Financial Services, tthey leading provider of electronic payments outsourced in tthey Middle East and North Africa also selected Up Retail Payments. Tthey company requires state-of-tthey-art open platform to theylp its clients differentiate ttheymselves in tthey marketplace. NETS which operates Singapore's national switching network and is responsible for providing critical infrastructure will leverage Up Retail Payments to address new market requirements, add new payment types and deliver payment innovation. Transbank, tthey largest acquirer in Chile and longtime ACI customer selected Up Retail Payments as part of its drive to become a more agile, innovative and secure payment services provider. Transbank also licensed our proactive risk manager and API manager. Now moving on to our Merchant and Corporate segments, Coca Cola bottlers, sales and service which is owned by more than 65 independent Coca Cola bottlers signed a renewal for Up Merchant Services. ACI powers ttheyir cash list enabled vending devices today and ttheyy plan to grow tthey number of cash less enabled devices in tthey coming years. Ttheyy also wish to expand tthey offering outside of North America. Albertsons one of tthey largest food and drug retailers in tthey United States and a long time ACI customers selected Up Merchant Services as ttheyir next generation payment platform. ACI was selected for its flexible architecture and industry leading security standards, tthey IRS and long-term customer signed renewal for our official payments, bill payment offering enabling consumers pay taxes using a credit or debit card or cash. Ttheyse customers are just a stapling of tthey renewals and wins we secured in quarter four. Despite ttheyse important bright spots 2018 did not end as expected for revenue and EBITDA. Late in December we encountered unforeseen events that impacted our Q4 results and ultimately caused us to miss our guidance. Ttheyse events included a major capital transaction in tthey financial service industry, which froze a significantly Up Retail Payments Solution contract that we expected to sign with one of tthey parties in December. Ttheir transaction took up and tthey industry by surprise and impacted tthey timing of our deal. However we expect ttheyse deals - ttheyse delayed contracts will come to provision in 2019 and we've increased our 2019 guidance as a result. Situation unfortunately dampened what was ottheyrwise tthey year of progress and strength our business is strong and theyalthy, our RPS program continues its near 100% renewal rate with 25% to 30% value uplift. Ttheir positions us for steady organic growth and profitability for ACI in 2019 and beyond. I'll now turn to tthey acquisition we just announced ttheir morning. With ACI On Demand ready to scale I'm pleased to share that we signed an agreement to acquire Speedpay Western Union's U.S. bill pay business. ACI is already positioned as a leader in bill pay a market that is still largely unconsolidated. With Speedpay ACI will deliver unified bill payment platform that will support billions of transactions. Togettheyr, tthey ACI and Speedpay bill pay solutions will serve more than 4,000 customers across tthey United States. We have combined vertical strength in tthey consumer finance, insurance, theyalthcare, higtheyr education, utilities, government and mortgage industries. Ttheir will enable tthey combine business to more effectively serve a rapidly evolving category, as well as pursue additional segments such as digital subscriptions. Tthey scale of ACI and Speedpay combined will transform both our bill pay business and tthey entire ACI On Demand P&L raising margins materially for both. Ttheir move to critical mass rates for phrase ACI's AOD will enable us to fuel more growth investments and innovation across tthey entire AOD portfolio, including tthey merchant real-time payments and payment intelligent solutions area that I mentioned earlier. We already invest more in R&D than most of tthey industry. Tthey addition of Speedpay increases tthey money we can commit to advancing our next generation capabilities. I look forward to a theyalthy year atheyad. I'm confident that ACI is well positioned to deliver our any payment every possibility strategy, tthey Speedpay acquisition accelerates our ability to capitalize on tthey growing global payment transaction opportunities over tthey next five years. As tthey market show some customers needing to execute millions of transactions to needing to execute billions of transactions per month, per week and even per day. ACI is uniquely positioned to scale to meet that demand. With that, I'll turn it over to Scott for their financial commentary. Scott Behrens Thanks, Phil, and good morning, everyone. I first plan to go through our results for 2018 ttheyn provide guidance for 2019, as well as financial details of tthey acquisition of Speedpay that we announced ttheir morning. We'll ttheyn open tthey line for questions. I'll be starting my comments on slide seven, with key takeaways from tthey year, just as a reminder effective January 1, 2018 we adopted tthey new revenue recognition standard ASC 606, which replaced ASC 605. For all of my prepared comments I'll be discussing our results on a constant GAAP basis. As Phil discussed, we saw strong bookings growth on tthey year with new bookings up 22% and total bookings up 15%. We ended tthey year with 60-months backlog of $4.2 billion and tthey 12-months backlog of $811 million. 2018 revenue was $1.012 billion, down slightly from 2017 and adjusted EBITDA was $261 million or essentially flat with 2017. As Phil mentioned, our final 2018 revenue and EBITDA was impacted by unforeseen events, which included recent capital markets transaction in tthey financial services sector that delayed certain revenue producing contracts in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheyse deals are now expected to close in 2019 and are reflected in our higtheyr outlook for EBITDA ttheir year, compared to our prior guidance. Turning next to our two P&L, our ACI On Premise segment, which was impacted by tthey timing of tthey deals that were delayed around year-end, so our revenues declined 3% in 2018. Ttheir segment continues to generate strong EBITDA margins delivering 56% in 2018, down slightly from last year's 58%. Our ACI On Demand segment are grew 2% in 2018 and now represents 43% of our total revenue. We've been saying for some time now that margin expansion will come with scale as we grow into tthey infrastructure that we've built out over tthey last several years. In 2018, we started to see that margin expansion with our On Demand segment delivering a 600 basis point improvement on net EBITDA margins. And now to jump atheyad, but tthey acquisition of Speedpay will allow us to accelerate that scale by layering on revenue and EBITDA on top of that scalable infrastructure. We saw strong cash flow growth in 2018 with operating free cash flow of $148 million, up 14% over tthey last year. We ended tthey year with $149 million in cash and a debt balance of $685 million. We close out tthey year with a net debt to EBITDA leverage ratio of roughly 2 times, which is below our targeted leverage 2.5 times. In 2018, we continued our trend of deploying about a third of our cash flow for share repurchases, for tthey year we repurchased 2.3 million shares for roughly $54 million, which equates to an average price of just over $23 a share. And we currently have $176 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. Turning next to slide eight, with our guidance. Just a note theyre tthey follow guidance does not reflect any contribution from tthey Speedpay transaction. We plan to update our 2019 guidance for tthey financial impact of tthey transaction upon closing. So for 2019, we expect revenue to be in a range of $1.1 billion to $1.125 billion, which represents 9% to 11% growth over 2018. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in a range of $310 million to $325 million, which is up from our prior range of $300 million to $315 million. As we now expect certain revenue and EBITDA producing contracts that were delayed around year-end to come in, in 2019. We expect tthey 2019 quarterly phasing of revenue and EBITDA to generally be consistent with 2018, new bookings are expected to be in tthey high single to low double-digits and operating free cash flow in 2019 is expected to be in a range of $165 million to $180 million. For tthey first quarter, we expect to generate between $205 million and $215 million of revenue. And note that ttheir range does not include tthey impact of carry over deals from 2018. We expect tthey most likely timing of ttheyse deals to be in Q2 or Q3 of ttheir year. And finally, our 2020 EBITDA target is unchanged at $335 million to $350 million. And to theylp with your modeling, you'll find additional guidance assumptions on slide nine. Interest expense to be $39 million and cash interest to be $36 million, capital expenditures are expected to approximate $50 million, G&A is expected to approximate $100 million, non-cash compensation expense should approximate $35 million. Pass through interchange revenues are expected to be in a range of $180 million to $185 million. Cash taxes are expected to approximate $40 million and our effective tax rate should be consistent with 2018, which was right around 25%. And lastly, our diluted share count should be around $117 million, which excludes future share buyback activities. Moving - finally slide 10, we're very excited to announce tthey acquisition of Speedpay, in 2018 Speedpay generated more than $350 million in revenue and over $90 million in EBITDA. Our purchase price of $750 million represents a multiple of approximately 2 times revenue and 8 times EBITDA and that is excluding tthey value of tthey tax benefits in any potential synergy. Tthey acquisition will be structured as an asset purchase for U.S. tax purposes pursuant to 338 H10 election. As a result of ttheir election we'll be able to amortize any goodwill and intangible associated with tthey acquisition. We estimate tthey net present value of ttheir tax benefit to approximate $100 million. And overall, we expect tthey transaction to be double-digit accretive in tthey first full year on an adjusted EPS basis. Speedpay is a 100% recurring revenue model will improve our overall recurring revenue from 65% of total revenue today to 74% on a pro forma basis. And as I mentioned previously, Speedpay will also allow us to accelerate tthey scale in our On Demand segment by layering on revenue and EBITDA on to our scalable infrastructure. We have 100% committed financing through an incremental term loan and a revolver draw. We expect pro forma net debt to EBITDA ratio to be under 4 times at closing and a significant free cash flow generation from tthey combined business should allow us to delever quickly. We expect within 24 months of closing that our debt-to-EBITDA ratio to generally be in line with our targeted leverage ratio of 2.5 times. We expect tthey transaction to close by tthey end of Q2 against subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. And finally, as I mentioned already, we plan to provide updated 2019 guidance and 2020 outlook upon closing tthey transaction. So that concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, we're ready to open tthey line for questions at ttheir time. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of David Eller with Wells Fargo. David Eller Good morning, thank you for taking tthey questions. I wondered on tthey Speedpay acquisition, if you could just talk a little bit about tthey deal process. So, wtheyn did you start looking at ttheir, was it a competitive process? And ttheyn, also if you could talk about tthey fundamentals of tthey business? So I think you mentioned it's a carve out transaction, so has revenue and EBITDA are those kind of both growing, flat, down just any kind of color ttheyre? Philip Heasley I'll start and Scott you should - we've been working on ttheir acquisition - well, it's been in our sights for a long time, right. We've been talking for eight, eight and a half months in terms of doing it. To tthey best of our knowledge, it was a - ttheyre was a competitive process, right. We spent a lot of time really understanding ttheir business as it relates to our business. In terms of tthey - we view tthey combinations of tthey verticals with our verticals, as very synergistic. We have been doing a lot of work on building tthey backend, of building a world class backend, ttheyy've put a lot of energy into building a world class frontend. So tthey combination of tthey two R&D efforts is very synergistic. We're going to actually invest more on top of that. We expect ttheir to be a growth business and not be negative to AOD's growth plans, and whatnot. Very importantly, is that, we're very theyavily into tthey e-commerce. We're very theyavily into tthey merchants business. Ttheyre is a tremendous crossover taking place from tthey e-commerce side of tthey business needing tthey ability to have biller capabilities. Ttheyy won't necessarily call it biller capabilities and whatnot, but ttheyy need an efficient non-card rail in order to get all ttheyse new non-card payments added on to tthey traditional ways of doing ttheyir payments. And ttheir very synergistically add to what we've been working on for a decade on to tthey biller businesses that we had already purchased with ttheir exact strategy in mind. And ttheir gives us tthey critical mass to do it in an effective manner. Scott did you… Scott Behrens No, I think tthey only thing I'd add to that is, I - we obviously have a large biller portfolio, I'd say tthey trends in that business are pretty consistent financial trends from what we're seeing. Really tthey compelling rationale theyre is tthey ability to combine tthey R&D spend from both businesses and really accelerate new feature functions in marketplace. David Eller Got it. And ttheyn, I guess, if you could also talk a little bit about tthey capital markets transaction in tthey financial services industry that you mentioned, what was that exactly? Was that domestic and why would that push into Q2, Q3 versus maybe Q1? Philip Heasley Well, we - of course we're not going to tell you, which one of our customers it is, it wouldn't be fair to our customers, or which customers it was. Wtheyn ttheyre's mergers and it's unannounced merger we can - we may think we have a piece of business that's 99%, it's virtually signed and ttheyn it lands up getting unsigned because of - or not signed delayed, because it has to be worked into tthey combination of tthey two businesses. In our theirtory on our 44-year theirtory as a company as tthey financial services industry is consolidated, we've unfortunately had to deal with ttheir lumpiness. Tthey good news is that it tends to create incremental opportunity, incremental value it doesn't tend to limit value, but it certainly doesn't fit well into 90-day reporting sctheymes. David Eller Got it. And ttheyn kind of last question for me going back to tthey acquisition. As I understand it On Demand segment as you've kind of built that out ttheyre has been a little bit of a - if you build it, ttheyy will come kind of mentality. And so it just seems like it's always - ttheyir goal has been to get more volume over that platform, wtheyttheyr through organic growth or through M&A. So, is that tthey right way to think about ttheir deal. As you're getting tthey volume, you need to scale that or are ttheyre ottheyr kind of more strategic factors as well? Philip Heasley Well, let me put it ttheir way. We spent - we've told you that we spent well over 100 - we spent a very large amount of money building out a forward looking AOD infrastructure, and we consolidated 28 data centers from different kinds of acquisitions. And it was quite honestly a painful, grueling task and we said that one of tthey things we were coming out of it with was that we could grow our business 10x easily and our infrastructure would be able to hold it. It would be incremental - tthey cost would be incremental. So ttheir is tthey first proof point, because we're buying a business, we're not taking data centers, we're not taking locations and all that kind of stuff. We're taking business and we're putting into our built out infrastructure and we're levering tthey technological and infrastructural investments that we made to - why it's such an accretive. It's a very, very accretive deal because yes, we spent a bunch of ttheir money coming into it, or investment coming into it. David Eller Great. And ttheyn, do you have any high level estimate of what your market share might be post tthey deal? Philip Heasley I think tthey top four guys probably still don't have a quarter of ttheir market. Ttheyre's everybody and ttheyir brottheyr is in ttheir market in a miscellaneous way and tthey top four players, maybe have a quarter of tthey market. David Eller Great, thank you so much for tthey answers. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Pete Heckmann with D.A. Davidson and Company. Unidentified Analyst Just on for Pete. Thanks for taking our questions. So I was hoping you could theylp us put a few ranges on tthey Speedpay deal. Firstly, tthey EPS accretion that we're expecting in tthey first year. And ttheyn, any cost synergies that we're expecting. And ttheyn, following up on one of tthey earlier questions, tthey growth rates that tthey asset has been seeing? Scott Behrens Yes, on tthey - we said in tthey materials that we expect in tthey first year double-digit EPS percent of accretion. So I'd stick it out what we think we're going to see in tthey first year. Sorry, what was tthey ottheyr question. Unidentified Analyst Cost synergies and ttheyn that growth rate? Scott Behrens Tthey cost synergy, we don't - because ttheir is a carve out we're not expecting, I would say significant cost synergies. In fact, we're actually likely to invest in tthey R&D in a bit in tthey kind of go to market areas. But what ttheir does have is a pretty sizable tax benefit, tthey way we're treating it under tthey tax clause, we're treating it as an asset purchase versus a share purchase. So that's going to deliver pretty substantial tax deduction and thus cash tax savings overtime. So, we've estimated that net present value to be around $100 million. And from a growth perspective, again, as I mentioned earlier I think if you look at ttheyir growth profile, very, I would say similar to our biller business growth profile. Over tthey last several years we've seen transaction growth, but some pricing pressure on renewals. And so you'll see that tthey top line growth is a little muted by that. But we think we've worked through that as a marketplace that we've worked through a lot of that repricing. Unidentified Analyst Okay, thanks. That's really theylpful. And ttheyn, so how are you expecting tthey Speedpay deal to position tthey company in terms of share in bill pay. So are we to look at ACI being a top three player in tthey nicthey or something around that? Scott Behrens No, I think I would just reiterate what Phil said, I think between tthey handful of top it's a very fragmented space. Tthey handful, tthey largest ones are probably still only make up a quarter of tthey market. So, plenty of room theyre for growth both organically as well as is consolidation in tthey space. Unidentified Analyst Okay, thanks. And ttheyn, just lastly a little bit of a more information on 2019. What type of growth and margin improvement should we be expecting for On Demand in 2019? Scott Behrens Well, we saw a pretty substantial margin improvement in 2018, 600 basis point improvement. I would think that tthey On Demand business will see tthey top line growth kind of tthey higtheyr end of our range. And it's going to continue to drive pretty theyalthy margin expansion. Again with tthey investment that we've put in, in ttheir infrastructure, what we're able to do is - and tthey scalability of that infrastructure is tthey incremental dollar of revenue is able to pull through at a pretty high rate of EBITDA. So, we expect to see pretty continued theyalthy margin expansion in that space. And I would say that even on a - call it on organic basis excluding tthey impact of Speedpay. Speedpay is just going to allow us to accelerate tthey margin expansion in ttheir business as we're able to layer on ttheyir revenue, ttheyir customers on top of tthey scalable infrastructure. Unidentified Analyst Got it. That's theylpful, thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Brian Riley with Mercator Advisory. Brian Riley Hi. I have two questions that I'd like to theyar about. And tthey first is, is it correct to assume that tthey Speedpay clients are moving over to tthey bill pay platform or is ttheyre going to be some kind of parallel run on tthey systems. Philip Heasley No, we've done extensive looking at tthey new front end of Speedpay and we intend to invest - continue to invest theyavily in it. But we're very comfortable with tthey front end of Speedpay. Overtime, we will be converting ttheyir backend to our more soptheirticated backend, as its finittheyyd. But with tthey front end being moved, tthey customers' real impact is already behind, as ttheyy move over to tthey next gen front end capabilities of Speedpay. Ttheyy have an excellent new front end. Brian Riley That make sense. Now, so if my accounts are right, since 2005 ttheir makes - ttheir is probably acquisition number 13. And of course it's been one sale off with Pfizer along tthey way. How is tthey whole play on tthey one ACI movement going? You're integrating a lot ttheyre, is everything going as well as it looks on tthey outside? Philip Heasley Yes, well our greatest asset it's not all ttheyse acquisitions, but it's tthey 4,000 people that we have all around tthey world that are very focused and very capable. And one ACI is about coming, we could spend hours talking about what means, but it's a culture that's focused on payments wtheyttheyr you're part of tthey pre-13 acquisitions or part of tthey 13 acquisitions and our management, as well as our people are - and that mixture of ttheym. It's actually going extremely - tthey courage that ttheyse guys have gone through to take a bunch of companies that really had long in tthey tooth technologies, but great underlying services and to think that we're coming into 2019 in a fully Linux-enabled, fully cloud-enabled kind of basis with innovations around database and infrastructure. It's really a tribute to tthey - I'd love to take credit for it myself, but it's really is tthey one ACI family that has delivered ttheir. And I think tthey Speedpay will fit, we were really, really impressed we did a lot of work in contacting tthey customers and understanding how tthey customers felt about how ttheyy were being managed and what ttheyir interactions were and whatnot. And we think that tthey 145, 150 people that are going to be joining us are going to add very strongly to that one ACI culture. Brian Riley Great. Thank you, Phil. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brett Huff with Steptheyns. Brett Huff Good morning, guys. Congrats on tthey deal. Philip Heasley Thanks, Brett. Brett Huff A couple quick questions, one follow-up to a question was asked before on tthey On Demand revenue growth, it was down a little bit ttheir quarter. And I think Scott you're - you said it was maybe going to be at tthey high-end of tthey 9% to 11% type growth ttheir year. Are ttheyre particular products that, that you expect to drive that on an organic basis that seem to be working well at ttheir point? Philip Heasley Well, wtheyn you think about AOD, you got to think about it in terms of its three core pieces, right? So we'll take you through it in three pieces. Because we have tthey biller I am going to keep biller separately, I might talk to two. But we have our platform business. We have our single instance SaaS business and we have tthey biller business. And I think we have PAY.ON and ReD and tthey merchants platform and whatnot. And we've had - wtheyn you look at 2018, we had growth - we had very, very strong growth in our new products. I mean, we had some growth that was - that in fourth quarter in certain product groups exceeded 50% year-to-year. On tthey ottheyr side, being a transformational business, we're in tthey process of getting out of tthey single instance SaaS business. So wtheyn you look at it from an AOD revenue stream, and you transfer from single instance SaaS platform, you have what looks like a lack of revenue growth, but you see EBITDA growth and it's kind of going from tthey more expensive, SaaS environment to tthey more efficient platform environment. So it's kind of hard to see under tthey covers that way. In terms of biller, we didn't see - we did not see deterioration in that category and we expect to see growth in 2019 and beyond. And yes, we were saying it was tthey higtheyr - that AOD itself would be at tthey higtheyr end of that range. So we've gone from being a drag to an accelerator. Brett Huff Great, that's theylpful. Thank you. Second question is on tthey capital markets contract delay, I know you can't say too much, but was that going to be a renewal, or was that going to be a new contract? Could you give us that inside? Philip Heasley Well, it's contracts and it's combination of both. Brett Huff Okay. Philip Heasley And like I said, we've been running up - we've been running just about 100% on tthey renewal side. Brett Huff And ttheyn last question for me, did you - you gave us some stats around what your pro forma bill pay business will look like. Did you - I don't think you mentioned ttheir, are you willing to share it. What will your pro forma revenue or percentage of revenue tthey - once you get ttheir new bill pay business integrated on an annual basis if you're willing to give us that inside? Scott Behrens Well, our bill pay business - I mean, I can just give you tthey numbers. Our bill pay business in 2018 was around $275 million of revenue wtheyre ttheyy're going to layer around $350 million and that's at a gross revenue level. Brett Huff And ttheyn, last question ttheir is all biller direct right ttheyy didn't have any consolidator business? Scott Behrens Correct. Philip Heasley 100%, correct. Brett Huff Great. Thank you guys. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of George Sutton with Craig Hallum. George Sutton Thank you. I am curious about tthey messaging or tthey logic behind tthey - you're going to market with a new debt deal or an increased debt deal as a result of ttheir acquisition. But you also meaningfully increased your share repurchase authorization, and you have been active ttheyre. So I'm just curious if you can give us tthey board driven logic ttheyre. Obviously, it suggests comfort with tthey business model. Scott Behrens Yeah, I would just say - I mean, 2018, we use about, what equates to about a third of our cash flow for share repurchases. So, that's pretty consistent with our theirtorical pattern. Yes, in tthey year we had an increase in tthey share authorization. So yes, I would just say that we continued that trend of deploying about a third of our free cash flow for share buyback. Philip Heasley A very - and everyone has ttheyir own models, but no one really follows us that much from a cash standpoint. Businesses ttheyre's SEC rules and everyone's got to report ttheyir businesses tthey way tthey government says to report it. We look at cash as tthey as earned way that you actually run tthey business and we are not happy that we had tthey deferred contract, but we still ended up about $30 million higtheyr than tthey street thought we were going to have in cash. And tthey cash is just an important component we guide to - we give you ranges every year and whatnot and it is something that we're extremely comfortable and it's extremely predictable we're as much more predictable than how you book revenue under 605 or 606 it's how your customers pay you for what you're doing. So, yes George, we're very comfortable with tthey model. George Sutton Great, no that was my sense. So I also was curious on real time payments you haven't addressed a lot on tthey call, but a lot of continued growth in Malaysia, Hungary, U.S., Canada broadly, can you just talk about how your opportunities sit in tthey real time payments landscape? Philip Heasley We're working on projects all over tthey world, I think our Canadian project is coming live, our Malaysian project I think in March is going to be tthey big ceremony for that coming live, Australia is in phases. Ttheyre's work going on, we have work in France, it was significant work being done in France right now, in terms of it. Immediate payments is tthey new payment type, but also a lot of people are trying to get to tthey not finish line, which is what I call tthey starting line, everyone's trying to get ready to actually do immediate payments. Once Zell opened up, I think it became really clear that tthey demand for immediate payments and that's a different flavor of it is a lot more real. India is probably tthey place in tthey world to watch because tthey entire country, its central banking infrastructure and whatnot is pretty much forcing an immediate payment model that I think will land up taking over a lot of tthey world. Difference being is that it's going to have to be a $0.03, $0.04, $0.05 transaction not a $0.10 for tthey card guys, $0.30 for tthey acquirers and interchange on tthey ottheyr side ttheyy're talking about Ralph rate kinds of payments and ttheyy're talking about $100 billion of ttheym that's going to change tthey world in terms of how payments take place. And I actually think it's how e-commerce takes place originates in one part of tthey world and gets satisfied tthey amount of FX costs in e-commerce right now is perhaps growth is more important than margin perhaps right now. But tthey day that margin becomes important that cost tthey cost of payments is going to be tthey first thing that's attract. George Sutton Perfect. Scott as I'm thinking about a one ottheyr thing, relativity to your 2019 guidance raise. Is that 100% related to ttheir specific deal that we're talking about or were ttheyre ottheyr puttheyys and pulls that are reflected? Scott Behrens Well I'd say it's generally related to tthey delayed deal. So that's why as we said we didn't necessarily update our 2020 outlook for EBITDA partly because ttheir is just dynamic between 2018 to 2019. George Sutton Understood. Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. Philip Heasley Thanks everybody. We look forward to catching up in tthey coming weeks. Operator Thank you for participating. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.