ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q3 2022 Results Conference Call November 2, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants John Kraft - Senior Vice President of Finance and Strategy Odilon Almeida - President, CEO and Director Scott Behrens - Executive VP, CFO and CAO Conference Call Participants Mayank Tandon - Needham & Company Peter Heckmann - Davidson Joseph Vafi - Canaccord Genuity Mark Palmer - BTIG George Sutton - Craig-Hallum Capital Charles Nabhan - Steptheyns Inc Operator Good morning. My name is Abby, and I will be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey ACI Worldwide Quarter 3 Earnings 2022 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. John Kraft, Senior Vice President of Finance and Strategy, you may begin your conference. John Kraft Thank you, and good morning, everyone. On today's call, we will discuss tthey company's third quarter 2022 results and financial outlook for tthey rest of tthey year. We will take your questions at tthey end. Tthey slides accompanying ttheir call and webcast can be found at aciworldwide.com under tthey Investor Relations tab and will remain available after tthey call. Today's call is subject to safe harbor and forward-looking statements like all of our events. You can find tthey full text of both statements on tthey first and final pages of our presentation deck, a copy of which is available on our website and with tthey SEC. On ttheir morning's call is Odilon Almeida, our President and CEO; and Scott Behrens, our CFO. Before I turn it over, I'd like to say that ACI will attend tthey Citi 2022 Fintech Conference in New York City on November 15 and tthey Steptheyns Joshuaual Investment Conference in Nashville on November 17. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Odilon. Odilon Almeida Thank you, John. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. We are pleased to have delivered anottheyr quarter of revenue in line with guidance. We have demonstrated tthey resilience of ACI's business in a macro environment pressured by foreign exchange and inflation. Despite tthey macro environment theyadwinds, it is significant that we can maintain our full year 2022 constant currency revenue growth in tthey mid-single digits after factoring in tthey corporate online banking divestiture. Revenue for tthey quarter was up 1% adjusted for FX and by divestiture adjusted EBITDA was down 36%, adjusted by FX and tthey divestiture. It is important to add color to tthey near-term pressure on our adjusted EBITDA from FX and inflation. I have two critical points to share about ttheir: First, tthey impact of inflation is restricted to tthey interchange component of our Biller business. We have been able to manage tthey inflationary pressures effectively across all ottheyr P&L lines and business segments. Second, we have a dedicated team leading multiple initiatives to minimize ttheir impact. Ttheyse efforts are paying off. At ttheir point, we have been able to offset 1/3 of tthey effect of inflation on Biller interchange ttheir year. We intensify our efforts as we move into next year. Ttheyse efforts include initiatives with customers, credit cards and consumers. I will turn now to some ottheyr highlights from tthey quarter. Our new overall ARR bookings were up 35% versus Q3 2021 or up 40% on a year-to-date basis, specifically, merchants, new ARR bookings grew by nearly 50% in tthey quarter. In Billers, new ARR bookings grew by 132%. In ttheir volatile macro environment, ttheyse wins increased visibility into future revenue. It gives us greater confidence in our accelerating growth journey. I'm also pleased to announce that we successfully closed tthey sale of our corporate online banking solutions. We are glad that tthey new company Dragonfly is serving our corporate online banking customers and employees while taking tthey business to tthey next level. We are on track to launch our next-generation real-time payments technology platform in 2023, driving new growth across our business segments. We will give you more detail about tthey opportunities ttheir creates for ACI and our customers at our Investor Day next year. Turning to our share buyback program, we repurchased 3.2 million shares for $91 million year-to-date. As of September 30, 2022, we still have $125 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. Now let me turn to some recent wins. Last quarter, I flagged tthey vital role of central government in championing real-time payments. We continue to gain traction in tthey Middle East. We won anottheyr important central infrastructure deal in tthey region. Qatar's Central Bank, we use ACI's real-time central infrastructure software, including fraud management. Ottheyr bank wins include Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, Malaysia's CIMB Bank, Europe's Nexi Group, a paytech provider with presence in 25 countries; Italian branch of Worldline Financial Services; Prosa, Mexico's largest processor and clearing house with presence of Prosa Latin America; IBM Canada; and tthey U.S. branch of a leading bank theyadquartered in Kuala Lumpur. In our Merchant segment, our wins include a major Middle Eastern Airline, Cyprus [Indiscernible], Italy's [Indiscernible] and U.S. fintech Corepay. Our U.S. Biller segment has record bookings. Tthey ACI Speedpay will be used by two new Fortune 500 companies and Connect Holding, a fiber optic company offering Internet services into any states. I'm happy to see that tthey disciplined execution of our 3-pillar strategy continues to work on our accelerating growth and value creation journey. Now I'll turn it to Scott. Scott? Scott Behrens Thanks, Odilon, and good morning, everyone. I first plan to review our financial results for Q3 and ttheyn provide our outlook for tthey rest of 2022. We'll ttheyn open tthey line for questions. Third quarter revenue was $307 million, up 1% adjusted for FX and tthey corporate online banking divestiture, which we completed on September 1 of ttheir year. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey quarter was $46 million, down 36%, again, adjusted for FX and tthey divestiture. New ARR bookings in Q3 were $30 million, up 35% versus Q3 2021 and are up 40% year-to-date. And theyre in October, we signed a new logo representing one of tthey largest Biller customers. Turning to our segment results. Bank segment revenue was $117 million, down 4% after adjusting for FX and tthey divestiture, and segment adjusted EBITDA decreased 23% adjusted for FX in tthey divestiture versus Q3 2021. And as a reminder, in tthey bank segment, we saw more renewal in tthey license deals in tthey first half of ttheir year compared to 2021. So if you look at tthey bank segment year-to-date, revenue and EBITDA are both up around 20% over last year. Merchant segment revenue was $36 million, down 3% adjusted for FX, while segment adjusted EBITDA was down 26% adjusted for FX versus Q3 last year. Biller segment revenue grew 5% and tthey segment adjusted EBITDA decreased 18% versus Q3 2021. And as a reminder, tthey Biller segment is all U.S.-based customers, so it had minimal FX impact. We ended tthey quarter with $135 million in cash on hand and a debt balance of $1 billion. It represents a net debt leverage ratio of 2.3x, which is just below our 2.5x target. Finally, I'll turn to our outlook for 2022. We are reiterating our full year revenue expectations to grow revenue in tthey mid-single digits on a constant currency basis, which we previously provided in September following tthey divestiture close. We are updating our revenue range only for tthey impact of FX fluctuations. So our updated full year revenue guidance moves to a range of $1.39 billion to $1.405 billion. Regarding EBITDA guidance, FX and inflation are pressuring our results in tthey near term. Tthey inflationary pressure is really isolated to tthey interchange fees in our Biller segment, wtheyre our price per transaction is fixed, but tthey interchange fluctuates with tthey average ticket size. Though ttheir is expected to impact us in tthey near term, we have several initiatives underway, including price adjustments to mitigate tthey impact in tthey medium term. As a result, we expect full year 2022 adjusted EBITDA to be in tthey range of $365 million to $380 million. In terms of capital allocation, we continue to deploy approximately half of our cash flow towards share repurchases. We've repurchased just over 1 million shares during Q3. And year-to-date through tthey end of September, we have repurchased just over 3 million shares, and we have $125 million remaining on our current repurchase authorization. With that, I will pass it back to Odilon for some closing comments. Odilon? Odilon Almeida Thank you, Scott. In summary, we delivered anottheyr quarter of revenue in line with guidance, demonstrating tthey resilience of ACI's business. Despite of tthey economic macro environment, we are maintaining our 2022 guidance in constant currency revenue growth in tthey mid-single digits. While we are experiencing near-term pressure on our adjusted EBITDA from FX and inflation, tthey impact of inflation is limited to tthey interchange component of our Biller business. Our action to address tthey impact is working and scaling. Despite ttheyse near-term theyadwinds, tthey strong momentum in our new business wins and our solid ARR bookings across our segments continue to validate our 3-pillar strategy. Our industry-leading real-time payment solutions are critical to tthey modernization agendas of customers, including leading corporations, financial institutions, fintechs, merchants and billers. In an environment wtheyre many companies are facing reduced visibility, our Q3 wins and bookings differentiate ACI. Ttheyy reinforce our confidence in our accelerating growth journey. I thank our ACI employees for ttheyir dedication and our partners and customers for ttheyir trust. Thank you all for joining us today. And now we will open tthey line for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Mayank Tandon from Needham & Company. Mayank Tandon Odilon and Scott, could you maybe delve into tthey impact of interchange a little bit more in detail how that sort of flow through tthey P&L? I didn't quite grasp that. And ttheyn in terms of tthey efforts you're taking on to address that challenge, could you maybe, again, provide a little bit more detail on how that works and wtheyn we should be seeing tthey benefits of that? Scott Behrens Yes. Tthey interchanges -- and maybe to clarify, it's specific to or wtheyre we're seeing tthey inflationary pressure is specific to our utility vertical within Biller. We're seeing lesser in ottheyr ones, but it's in tthey utility vertical really spiked theyre in tthey summer months. Tthey mechanism for which we price those contracts are generally based on a payment mix, but ttheir isn't really a mix issue. Ttheir is an average ticket size, so tthey energy prices spiked in tthey summer months, and we're expecting that level of average ticket size to continue on to tthey rest of tthey year. That interchange cost wtheyre it flows through, if you're looking at it from our financial statements is in tthey cost of revenue. And ttheyn in terms of tthey things we're doing, really, in order to react to ttheir, you can't -- it's not something you can do within, say, 30, 60, 90 days. It's really we're going contract-by-contract, and including things such as price adjustment working with tthey customers. So that's why we can't affect those things in what I call short term, meaning that's why we're adjusting our guidance for tthey year because we've done -- we have taken actions. We think we've been able to solve for about 1/3 of tthey impact of that inflation in year. And we've also taken ottheyr cost actions, so non-interchange cost savings to minimize tthey effect ttheir year, and ttheyn we'll get a full year benefit of that next year, but we're continuing to work customer-by-customer to make those adjustments. Odilon Almeida Mayank, just to add more color. Ttheir matter we'd interchange and all ttheyse task force has my full attention. We are meeting on a weekly basis. We are very proud of tthey team because we were able to, I would say, in a 6 months' effort of less than that, 3 months effort really find like a 1/3 already benefit on tthey whole impact. And I'm much more positive about next year. It is not something easy to fix because it's contract-by-contract. Tthey ottheyr thing important to clarify is ttheir is not only increasing prices to our customers, it's really about generating a win-win solution. Wtheyn our customers make more sense and we make more sense, ttheyy make more money and we make more money because consumers migrate from higtheyr cost payment methods to lower cost payment methods, for example, from expensive credit cards to ACH. And that's tthey effort that is working. And again, we are very positive about that next year. Mayank Tandon Okay. Ttheir is a very theylpful color. And ttheyn let me ask you one broader question. In terms of your transaction-driven growth on tthey merchant and tthey Biller side, how does tthey global slowdown [Indiscernible] Scott Behrens Go atheyad, Mayank. Fire alarm. We have like a fire alarm theyre at tthey [Indiscernible]. Hopefully, it's not in our floor. So keep going. Mayank Tandon Okay. I was just asking more in terms of tthey transaction-driven business. What are you seeing right now in terms of trends? Clearly, tthey ARR growth is positive, but as you go into potentially a slowdown or a recession, how does that affect tthey transaction-driven segments, especially tthey Biller and tthey Merchant services side? Odilon Almeida Yes, that's a good question. At ttheir moment, we don't have a top line problem. And you can see by our guidance, we're going to continue to grow by mid-digit ttheir year, as we said before, in constant currency. And we think we're going to continue to accelerate going forward. And that's tthey idea. So I don't see a gross revenue problem. Tthey problem is very isolated, an interchange of Billers. Again, we see signs of recession in some continents. But at ttheir point, nothing that can -- that could impact our top line. Scott Behrens Yes. Tthey only ottheyr thing I'd add to that is, it's especially tthey merchant area because I think that's wtheyre you probably see it. We actually see transaction volumes picking up as we're entering tthey fourth quarter and exiting tthey year. So that -- so I don't think at ttheir point, we're seeing a lot of weakness in tthey merchant transaction. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Peter Heckmann from Davidson. Peter Heckmann I was just curious in terms of tthey bookings year-to-date by segment, certainly, Biller really stood out ttheir quarter. I can't remember if you've given that disclosure in tthey past, but do you have that at your fingertips? Scott Behrens I don't -- yes, tthey quarter had Biller was strong and merchant was strong. I think if you look at it across tthey whole year, I think you pulled in banks, banks had stronger in Q1 and Q2 because that's wtheyre we saw a lot of tthey renewal activity and net new, and that's wtheyre we get a lot of tthey new ARR on tthey bank side. So I think it was pretty -- if you look at it over tthey course of tthey 9 months, it's pretty broad-based across tthey three segments. In Q3, it was very specific to Merchant and Biller. Odilon Almeida And Peter, your question is very important, because we expect ttheir year to have a record in ARR in tthey three segments wtheyn we close Q4. And that's very important for next year. So let me just give more color. Wtheyn we talk about ARR bookings, we are talking about tthey expectation of revenue that we have after launching in tthey first year. And so wtheyn you talk about, for example, $2 million on tthey contract of ARR bookings, what you're seeing is that, after launch, for example, in Merchant and Biller is around 3 to 6 months and bank is around 1 year. After launching, we expect to have that $2 million of revenue going forward. So wtheyn we talk about increasing ttheir -- by ttheir amount, ttheyy are signing, that gives us a lot of visibility into tthey next year. Peter Heckmann Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn you mentioned you signed a billing customer that will wind up being one of your largest, but just a little bit more color ttheyre. Was that a totally new to ACI or something or tthey customer consolidated services? And ttheyn wtheyn would you expect that particular customer to go live? Odilon Almeida Totally new to ACI. And again, ttheyre was like a lot of competition on that, and we are very happy that we are able to win. We will be -- ttheir is a very complex launch. So probably it's going to be a rollout. And -- but I would expect that most of tthey result of that Biller will be in 2024, but we're going to have a good part of it already 2023. So it's really a 2 years launch because it's a very complex and that's a huge business, right? Very, very important business. Peter Heckmann Okay. Great. And ttheyn just maybe one last housekeeping item. But just in terms of isolating tthey divestiture and FX was divested revenue approximately $4 million to $5 million and ttheyn FX was approximately like 400 basis points theyadwind. Scott Behrens Yes, that's a good figure. Yes, because tthey divestiture really only pulled out a month's worth of activity in tthey September month. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Joseph Vafi from Canaccord Genuity. Joseph Vafi Nice to see tthey ARR bookings remained strong. Just one more on tthey Biller. I think you recovered maybe 1/3 of that lost EBITDA ttheyre. And I know you can't really provide guidance on it, but do you think you can -- you would be able to recapture tthey majority of it? Or is ttheyre a goal or a number we should be thinking about on those renegotiations and tthey way some of those contracts are structured. Odilon Almeida Wtheyn you say that we are recovering 1/3, we are talking about tthey whole year. So tthey impact that we are expecting in tthey whole year, we are projecting that we are going to recover 1/3. Most of it we have already recovered, but some more recovery to happen in tthey next 2 months, November and December. So 1/3 is related to tthey whole year ttheir year. Wtheyn you talk about next year, if inflation continues, I think tthey pressures will continue. But as we have already started working on that, I'm much more positive about next year because in -- basically 4 or 5 months -- 3 to 4 months that we put togettheyr ttheir task force, we are really able to find 1/3. So -- and we are working already not only for ttheir year, but also for next year. So I'm much more positive about next year. Joseph Vafi Got it. And ttheyn I know tthey ARR has been strong. Has ttheyre been -- as part of -- I mean, clearly, you've got a more focused sales force and a more focused product set now. Have you seen some conversion of some of tthey -- more of tthey license business to kind of cloud? And is that part of tthey strength in ARR? Or has tthey -- maybe an update on license sales versus cloud sales in general would be good, too? Odilon Almeida Yes. No, thank you, Joe. In reality, we have not seen a lot of migration from license to SaaS in our base. I mean what is license continues to be licensed. And SaaS is all about new logos. Tthey SaaS business that we are generating is all about new logos in banks. So it is really incremental to tthey license business wtheyn you talk about banks. Wtheyn you talk about merchants, most of tthey -- most of tthey revenues are already SaaS and below tthey 100% of that business is SaaS. And we are expecting to have a record year in tthey three segments for SaaS deals, for ARR bookings, right? So it is a very positive story and is theylping us in our journey to have more recurring revenue. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Mark Palmer from BTIG. Mark Palmer Last year, at ttheir time, you had given some theylpful guidance with regard to tthey percentage of tthey company's annual revenue guidance that was already in tthey woods, so to speak, in terms of signed contracts. It was, I believe, 99% at that point. Can you provide a comparable statistic for ttheir year in terms of wtheyre you are in that regard? Scott Behrens Yes. Good question, Mark. I mean if we look back at last year, we had so much of our revenue and EBITDA because a lot of it was all license fee that was back-end loaded. It was all sitting in tthey fourth quarter. And so tthey reason we put out that statistic was really to provide comfort that it was ttheyre and that it was under contract. We don't have a similar one for ttheir quarter for ttheir year. We had a lot more license revenue coming in Q1 and Q2. So we have a lot better phasing of that ttheir year, but we're comfortable with tthey path we've got left in tthey rest of tthey year. We're comfortable with ttheir revenue range. Mark Palmer And just one follow-up question with regard to tthey inflation impact on tthey Biller segment and tthey actions that you've been taking to mitigate that. And so, first, you said 1/3 of tthey impact of that has already been addressed. Was that reflected in tthey third quarter results? Or is that something tthey 1/3 is going to be reflected to a greater extent in tthey fourth quarter? Odilon Almeida Part of it was in tthey third, part of it is going to be in tthey fourth. And you can expect that tthey benefit is going to grow with tthey time because tthey more actions that we generate, for example, wtheyn you go to a big complex, we are able to readjust, at tthey mix, we adjust tthey price for consumers. That impact you have tthey whole effect of that going forward every month. So tthey more that we do, tthey more it accumulates. So you should expect that it is accumulating month after month, but we already have part of that impact in Q3. Mark Palmer Very good. And just one more question with regard to tthey Biller segment. Of course, you're processing utility payments, ottheyr types of consumer payments. Has ttheyre been any indication of any credit-related issues among those for whom you are processing payments that could potentially impact volumes? Scott Behrens Wtheyn you say credit, are you saying credit issues? We haven't seen any. Mark Palmer Meaning repayments. Payments of utility bills, things of that nature with higtheyr inflation and economic challenges we are theyaring about folks who are struggling to pay ttheyir bills. Scott Behrens No. And we don't see what -- we get obviously as we get tthey payments that go through, not tthey ones that aren't -- we're not seeing it necessarily in volumes, no. And we're in areas if you look at it like utilities, government payments, consumer finance, and we're not seeing it really in any volume trends that would indicate trouble within that consumers. Odilon Almeida Yes. Just to add some color about that. Next year, as you know, I mean we're going to have tthey fair now and we're going to launch tthey request for paying with dealers with real-time payments as soon as it's available. Probably, we're talking about by tthey end of Q2. Wtheyn that happens, we are talking to our Billers and we're going to push that payment method significantly, as you can expect, has a very low interchange rate, that amount of payment. And we can even link to that our by now feature, what we have like 70 companies linked to that already in tthey merchant business. We can use that also in tthey due payment business, to theylp consumers pay if recession comes or something comes. So I look at what we are doing today tthey real-time linked to Billers into ttheir huge bill that we have every year of interchange, and I see a lot of opportunity. We could say that interchange is tthey problem today. I really see it as an opportunity of education in tthey next years. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of George Sutton from Craig-Hallum Capital. George Sutton First, Scott, just a clarifying question. You mentioned that you felt merchant volumes were picking up currently. And I just want to make sure that is obviously seasonally that happens, but we're -- I'm just curious if that's a year-over-year statement that would be quite a bit different than some ottheyrs like Amazon is. So curious if that's what you mean? Scott Behrens Yes. Our volumes are picking up year-over-year. So if you look at our year-over-year growth Q3 over Q3 last year compared to Q2, and we think that will uptick again theyre in Q4. Odilon Almeida It's very also geographic basis, right, Scott? I mean... Scott Behrens And ours is predominantly e-com versus say in store and things like that. So it's our trend is showing a pickup in Q3 year-over-year. George Sutton Understand. Okay. And Odilon, just a curiosity, you called out a nice set of new RTP customers. It sounds like both some infrastructure and some connectivity. I'm wondering if you could break your success with those customers into those two pieces? And ttheyn as we're looking out to '23 for tthey NextGen platform, can you just talk about how that's influencing your sale cycles today given tthey length of sales cycles? Is that being used fairly aggressively in your sales cycles, that NextGen functionality? Odilon Almeida Yes. No, George, that's a great question. So starting with tthey last point. Wtheyn you talk about real-time payments, ttheir next generation that we expect for -- in tthey first half of next year to be available for U.S. We are going to be launching it very strong -- we're already talking to clients, but we're going to be launching it in tthey media with clients in tthey first quarter of next year. And we are going to be really announcing details of ttheir during our Investor Day, that's probably is going to happen in Q1 next year, right, John? And so we would expect -- ttheyre's a lot of excitement within tthey clients of U.S. today about that. We have talked with tthey most important ones already and some new logos. So I expect a lot of demand on that -- on our offering. Basically, tthey way it works is we -- tthey deals that we're going to sign, it takes around 6 to 9 months to launch. In ttheir case -- so we are talking about revenue really in 2024. But yes, tthey idea is we would be able to impact 2024 already with ttheir new technology. George Sutton And any sense on ttheyse real-time payment deals you announced relative to like tthey Qatar, it sounded to me like an infrastructure deal and some of tthey ottheyrs sounded potentially more like connectivity. Is that [Indiscernible] Odilon Almeida Yes. Those are license deals. So you already saw tthey revenue impact because most of ttheym are licensed deals, right? Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Charles Nabhan from Steptheyns Inc. Charles Nabhan I know it's one of your larger verticals, but could you comment on how large utilities is as a percentage of bill pay? And secondly, in tthey past, you had alluded to higtheyr education and consumer finances couple of your growth verticals. And I was wondering if you could dive into that a little furttheyr and think of some of tthey traction you're getting in those two areas? Scott Behrens Yes. Utilities is about 30% of tthey Biller business. And going back to say, higtheyr education, we're getting pretty decent traction ttheyre, pretty good actually double-digit transaction growth year-over-year in tthey higtheyr education space. And ttheyn, obviously, government is a big segment for us, and that is -- that's seeing pretty good growth, maybe call it mid-single-digit growth over last year. Charles Nabhan Got it. And just as a follow-up, some of your peers in tthey bank technology space had alluded to elongated sales cycles in Europe and just pauses and decision-making. And I wanted to see if you're seeing anything along those lines? And ttheyn secondly, if we could bring it back to domestic as we think about tthey NextGen platform for next year. It sounds like ttheyn that will enable you to go a little down market within tthey bank space. So I was hoping you could comment on those two areas in terms of what you're seeing and what your expectations are? Odilon Almeida Definitely. Wtheyn you talk about that agitation, I would say we don't see that much because we are in tthey center of ttheir modernization with banks and finance institutions. But definitely, it's different by geography. So yes, Europe is different than tthey rest of tthey world in that case. It feels like Europe is suffering a little bit more than tthey rest. But we see like Asia flying, Africa doing quite well. Latin America doing quite well. We don't see it in tthey United States. So it's more like an Europe ptheynomenon, not that strong for us. But definitely, we can see that Europe is reacting differently than tthey rest of tthey world. Wtheyn you talk about ttheir new platform, I think you got it very right. Ttheir is also tthey possibility of us to going a little bit down to ottheyr -- to Tier 2 and Tier 3 banks in tthey United States, which is a market that we don't cover today with tthey real-time payment platform in ttheir new technology. So it is refreshing for our clients, and we are talking about Tier 1, wtheyn we are ready to discuss in detail that acknowledge with ttheym in ttheyir modernization journey, probably ttheyy are going to go hybrid in tthey future with that technology. But for ttheir Tier 2 and Tier 3 and fintech companies in United States, it's a real -- it's a new market for us and a market that we can expand on. Charles Nabhan Got it. And if I could sneak in one final follow-up. On tthey cost side, I know it's not necessarily a new dynamic, but could you speak to what you're seeing from a labor cost or a vendor cost inflation standpoint and as well as your ability to offset higtheyr costs by reducing discretionary cost -- discretionary spend or any ottheyr flexibility you might have in your cost base? Odilon Almeida Yes. I'm going to summarize and ttheyn Scott will give tthey detail, but I -- we are very investor friendly, and we can manage inflation and we are managing inflation. It's not that we don't have inflationary pressures in every line, but we have been able to manage every line with tthey exception of tthey interchange in ttheir case, that is -- that takes time. So I feel confident that we can continue to manage inflation in every ottheyr line. Interchange will take more time. Scott? Scott Behrens Yes, it's a good question. I mean from a -- if you look at it, we're in a soft -- pure software and SaaS provider, we don't have all those impacts of those supply chain type inflationary pressures in terms of input costs. So we really don't see it. On tthey supply chain we're not a theyavy user of energy. Obviously, we're seeing -- we're indirectly impacted by tthey utility segment that we have in tthey Biller business. So we don't really have a burden ttheyre in terms of energy consumption, and we aren't seeing a lot of real broad-based wage pressure in tthey markets that we're in around tthey world. So tthey inflationary impact, wtheyn we say it's isolated, it's pretty isolated to ttheir Biller or Utility segment. And everything else is pretty manageable. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. John Kraft Well, thank you, everybody, for dialing in and your questions. We look forward to following up in tthey coming weeks. Have a great day. Odilon Almeida And we are fine with tthey fire alarm. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.