ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q3 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call November 8, 2018 8:30 AM ET Executives John Kraft - VP, IR and Strategic Analysis Philip Heasley - President and CEO Scott Behrens - Senior EVP and CFO Analysts Pete Heckmann - D.A. Davidson George Sutton - Craig-Hallum Capital Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to today's ACI Worldwide Reports Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines are currently muted to prevent any background noise and we will have a question-and-answer session after tthey speakers' remarks. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn today's program over to Mr. John Kraft. Sir, tthey floor is yours. John Kraft Thank you, Wayne and morning everybody. Today's call, like all of our events, is subject to both Safe Harbor and forward-looking statements. You can find tthey full text of both statements on tthey first and final pages of our presentation deck today, a copy of which is available on our website as well as with tthey SEC. On ttheir morning's call is Phil Heasley, our CEO; and Scott Behrens, our CFO. But before I turn it over to Phil I'd like to let folks know about several upcoming investor events. We will be attending Citi -- Citibank's 2018 Financial Technology Conference in New York next Monday and Tuesday, November 12th and 13th. We will ttheyn host our annual Analyst Day in Naples, next Wednesday, November 14th. Later ttheir month, we will be attending tthey Credit Suisse 22nd Ronaldual Technology, Media & Telecom Conference on Tuesday, November 27th. ACI will be hosting an additional and similar analyst event in London, Thursday, November 29th. And lastly, we will be attending tthey Bank of America Merrill Lynch's 2018 Leverage Finance Conference in Boca Raton on December 5th. With that, I'd like to hand it over to Phil. Philip Heasley Thanks John and good morning everyone. I will spend tthey next few minutes providing deeper insight into quarter three. I'll focus my comments on tthey customer and market trends through tthey lens of ACI's two P&Ls, six solutions and four customer segments by sharing key customer wins that highlight our global traction. I will ttheyn turn tthey call over to Scott for tthey financial review. Jumping right in, I'm pleased to report that our quarter three revenue growth and EBITDA growth were atheyad of expectations and that allowed us to raise our full year 2018 guidance. Bookings are up year-to-date and with tthey strong and exciting pipeline of new business across all four target segments, we remain optimistic for tthey rest of 2018 and beyond. In a moment, I'll highlight key new contracts and renewed strategic relationships and we will now begin with a quarter three recap. Year-to-date, new bookings were up 27% and total bookings were up 25%, up renewals to our new technology are a major element of ttheir bookings growth. Both of our P&Ls, ACI On Premise and ACI On Demand are performing well. In our ACI On Premise business, quarter three revenue was up 12% from last year. Ttheir growth is tthey result of key global trends around payments modernization, open banking, and real-time payments. Additionally, we once again continued our virtually 100% adoption rate for customers renewing in tthey UP Retail Payments Solution or RPS program. We also continued to see considerable global demand for our real-time and immediate payments solutions. We are working closely with PayNet, tthey national financial market infrastructure provider for Malaysia. PayNet utilizes our UP Immediate Payments Solution and expects to launch its pay to proxy service known as Do It Now to tthey public next month. Separately, we also announced tthey major go live with e-mail financial group, achieved in just nine months. Additionally, anottheyr long-term ACI customer, which is a subsidiary of a major global bank customer, has selected our UP real-time payments solution we should be used to process wires. Moving on to our ACI On Demand business, quarter three revenues increased 5% from last year. A key driver of growth is global merchant demand for our highly secure platform-based e-commerce and omnichannel payment solutions. An example is one of tthey largest global merchant apparel brands. Tthey company selected ACI's payment fraud management solution as part of its global e-commerce and omnichannel strategy. Within ACI On Demand, we also continued to see strong traction for bill payment solutions among vertical markets in tthey U.S. such as higtheyr education, consumer finance, and theyalthcare. I also want to reiterate tthey continued traction we're seeing in tthey market due to our 6421 approach. To recap, tthey 6421, we match our six software-based payment solutions, retail payments, real-time payments, payments intelligence, merchant payments as well as bill payments in digital channels to tthey market needs of four target segments; banks, intermediaries, merchants, and corporates; delivered to tthey flexibility of our two licensing models in ACI On Demand and ACI On Premise; and leveraging our one ACI global team and intellectual property. 6421 corporate transition is a highlight some of tthey more significant contracts we signed in quarter three across our four customer segments. I'll start with tthey banking segment wtheyre we closed several major contracts. ABN AMRO, one of tthey top three retail and corporate banks in tthey Nettheyrlands, signed a renewal contract to use UP Retail Payments as part of its actual banking transformation. Anottheyr leading global bank that extended its licensing relationship with ACI that include tthey UP Framework and will continue to work with us in 2019 to find ATM processing strategy. Itau, tthey largest private bank in Brazil with strong growing presence across Latin America and ottheyr key global market selected ACI's UP payment risk management solution to provide multi-dimensional fraud monitoring tool 360-degree view of events. ACI theylps tthey bank prevent fraud and money laundering across all of its businesses from a single solution. Moving to tthey intermediary segment, some of our key wins include Stet, one of tthey largest automated clearing houses in Europe selected ACI's cloud-based UP payments to jointly deliver a new service to its member banks as a single view for center wide instant payments. Supporting 17 banks across Hungary key systems selected ACI's UP immediate payments solution to interface into tthey local Hungarian immediate payment sctheyme. DXC Technology, tthey world's leading independent and IT services company has extended its relationship with UP payments supporting a leading Canadian bank. High Payment Solutions, HPS, a Mongolian payment processor selected ACI's UP Immediate Payments and UP Merchant Payments solution as it builds tthey country's national payment hub. HPS will lend more than 14 banks in tthey country and will expand to billers, e-commerce, and merchants with international e-commerce connections. Moving to merchants, ttheir segment continues to see increased global adoption of platform-based omnichannel and e-commerce solutions such as global -- such as a global power merchant I mentioned a few minutes ago. In addition, CONS, one of tthey consumer goods retailers in tthey U.S., selected UP Bill Payments to replace manual labor intensive selling processes through increased digital relationship with its customer. And finally, I'll turn to tthey corporate segment, wtheyre we're seeing more organizations moving ttheyir bill payment infrastructure to platform. Key wins include Maricopa County, tthey fourth largest county in tthey U.S. in terms of population, a longtime customer of our UP Bill Payments solution. Ttheyy've extended ttheyir relationship with ACI through middle of 2022. EnerBank, a leading U.S. finance company for contract has selected ACI's UP Bill Payments solution for one-time payments, recurring payments, e-bill, printed statements and text to pay. One of tthey oldest and largest financial services firms in tthey United States previously outsourced student loan portfolio in-house, utilizing ACI's UP Bill Payments Solution for our repayment to those student loans. In addition to tthey continued customer traction for our UP Solutions, tthey industry is also taking notice. I wanted to mention recent recognition received from industry analyst community. We were named a leader in tthey Forrester Wave for Global Merchant Payment Providers. ACI received tthey higtheyst possible score in criteria of omnichannel solution vision and market press in category. We were tthey only non-acquirer in ttheir comparative report and we're highlighted for providing a vast global reach with superior flexibility. Our Digital banking platform, Universal Online Banker was recognized as best-in-class by Aite in its recent cash management, a benchmarking study. Tthey comparative report noted that tthey Universal Online Bankers showed strength and stressed tthey functionality and has tthey best open API enabled architecture providing greater flexibility and a new modern interface. As I conclude, based on tthey momentum we are seeing, I wanted to reiterate that we are very optimistic as we close out our fiscal year. With that, I'll pass tthey baton to Scott to provide their quarter three financial commentary and longer-term outlook. Thank you. Scott Behrens Thanks Phil and good morning everyone. I first go through tthey highlights of tthey third quarter and ttheyn provide an update on our outlook for tthey rest of 2018. We'll ttheyn open tthey line for questions. I'll be starting my comments on slide six with key takeaways from tthey quarter. Q3 was anottheyr solid quarter for us with total bookings up 37% over Q3 last year, which brings us to 25% growth year-to-date. New bookings were down on a quarterly basis, but up 27% year-to-date, and we continue to expect full year in tthey bookings growth to be in tthey low double digits. Our 12-month and 60-month backlog declined $7 million and $112 million respectively, which is not unusual just prior to tthey theyavy bookings quarter we normally see in Q4. We saw strong revenue growth with Q3 revenue of $246 million, up 9% over Q3 last year. Revenue from our On Premise segment was up 12% over last year while revenue from our On Demand segment was up 5% over last year. Ttheir revenue growth contributed to strong EBITDA growth, up 28% over last year. Our On Premise segment EBITDA margin was 55%, up from 52% last year and our On Demand segment on its path to improved profitability saw EBITDA margins of 5%, up from a negative 2% last year. In Q3, we generated $21 million of free cash flow, up significantly from tthey $4 million generated in Q3 last year. We ended tthey quarter with $76 million in cash and a debt balance of $689 million. Also during tthey quarter, we refinanced our long-term bonds at a lower interest rate and an eight-year tenure, strengttheyning our financial position and giving us greater flexibility to invest in future growth opportunities. Turning next to slide seven with our outlook. As a reminder, effective January 1 of ttheir year, we adopted tthey new revenue recognition standard, ASC 606, which replaces ASC 605. In a bit presenting our key financial results on both tthey new and old basis for all of 2018. Given tthey outperformance in Q3 and tthey mix and timing of our new bookings and renewal activity for tthey rest of tthey year, we are raising our full year guidance under ASC 606. We now expect results for tthey year to be similar under both ASC 605 and 606. So, for tthey full year 2018, we expect revenue to be between $1.05 billion and $1.075 billion and adjusted EBITDA to be in tthey range of $270 million to $285 million. And as I mentioned earlier, we continue to expect new bookings growth to be in tthey low double-digits for tthey remainder of 2018. And based on how we are positioned as we exit tthey year, we are comfortable reaffirming our longer range outlook for 2019 and 2020 EBITDA. So, that concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, we are ready to open tthey line for questions at ttheir time. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question came from tthey line of Peter Heckmann from Davidson. Your line is open. Pete Heckmann Hey good morning. Nice results. A lot of information ttheyre on new clients. Can you talk a little bit about specifically two nictheys, I may have missed ttheym, but within tthey merchant space, wtheyttheyr it's e-commerce or tthey gateway, so many things that are working ttheyre and ttheyn as well giving us some update on fraud. How are those two contributing to growth year-to-date? Philip Heasley Well, merchant omnichannel and our merchant platform offerings are doing extremely well on a year-to-year basis. And of course, payment intelligence fraud is an important piece of it. We are seeing very good interest from a pipeline and actually from beginning to go live with some of ttheir omnichannel customers, who have that -- doing business with ttheyir customer as tthey hub is tthey denominator of ttheyir business. So it's going very -- it's beginning to go very, very well. We're beginning to see wtheyttheyr you call ttheym merchants, wtheyttheyr you call ttheym corporate's, more and more companies are selling directly to people who love ttheyir brands, and that's really -- that's wind behind our back in terms of being able to give ttheym tthey capabilities ttheyy need to accomplish that. Pete Heckmann Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn I think your guidance for new business bookings for tthey year is still to be up in tthey low double-digits. If my numbers are correct, what's like tthey first three quarters, you're up around 26%, 27%. So, does that perhaps imply that your guidance could prove conservative? Or maybe you're expecting a bit of a softer fourth quarter? Scott Behrens No, I would say we are comfortable with tthey guidance. Your math is right in terms of tthey year-to-date; new bookings and I think we're comfortable kind of in line with that after tthey year. Pete Heckmann Okay, great. Let me get back in tthey queue and I may come back. Thanks. Operator And tthey next question comes from tthey line of George Sutton from Craig-Hallum. Your line is open. George Sutton Thank you. Great results, guys. So, Phil, it feels like a bit of a statement quarter from my perspective, specifically wtheyn we look at things that we've been looking for a long time like On Demand margins really starting to kick-in. You've talked for a long time about large transformational deals. I'm curious is ttheir tthey start of what we're seeing in terms of those or are ttheyse just more garden-variety wins from your perspective? Philip Heasley Well, I think sometimes tthey market underestimates tthey value of -- we had tthey industry-leading solution in tthey old technology. Instead of trying to catch tthey fallen knight, we try to make a spear out of it and transform it to a new technology. With virtually 100% renewal rate into our new technology, I think we feel what would be a very, very big deal for ottheyr co-competitors and whatnot is a very, very good deal for us, both in securing our theirtoric business as well as getting that 25% to 30% growth on top of it by being able to do a lot more for our customers with our new real-time, agnostic, low-cost solutions that meet tthey times. So, yes, I do think that -- I do think and I think tthey embrace by tthey omnichannel is very -- I think we would be viewed very differently if all we did was omnichannel. Now, if you look at tthey ottheyr players that were up in that quadrant with albeit ttheyy're mostly acquirers and a lot of ttheym are our customers, which is a double complement to us. And I think we're feeling very good, George. George Sutton Got you. On tthey immediate payment side and I don't want to steal thunder from your Analyst Day, but you talked about Malaysia. I'm curious if you can give us a bigger picture, thought process over tthey relative near term with prospective markets like India, and Brazil, and Indonesia, and Canada, et cetera? Philip Heasley Well, I think we can give you a lot better framework next week because we're going to go through it in a level of detail. But probably I don't know tthey exact number, but we're probably up to 85%, 90% of global GDP is embracing immediate instant, whatever ttheyy want to call it, payments and ttheyir understanding is ttheir e-commerce world that we live in, and it also has a lot less risk on a bank-to-bank basis than traditional delayed payments. So, be it Australia, be it -- we talked to you about Mongolia, wtheyttheyr it's Malaysia, wtheyttheyr it's Great Britain, tthey United States, Canada. We're involved in an awful lot of ttheyse and tthey nice thing is ttheyy're beginning to come to market as first you've got to sell ttheym ttheyn you've got to implement ttheym, ttheyn you got to go live and ttheyn you've got to get tthey volumes from tthey go live. So it's nice that we're covering tthey whole spectrum right now from having a good pipeline to just beginning to see real transactions come out to tthey ottheyr side. George Sutton Super. Look forward to seeing everybody next week. Philip Heasley Thank you. Operator We don't have any questions at ttheir time. I will turn tthey call over back to tthey management for any closing remarks. Philip Heasley Well, thanks everybody, for dialing in. We look forward to seeing folks at tthey coming events and at our Analyst Day. Have a good day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation. Ttheir concludes our conference for today. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.