ACI Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 4, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants John Kraft - VP, IR Odilon Almeida - President and CEO Scott Behrens - CFO Conference Call Participants Pallav Saini - Canaccord Genuity Sam Salvas - Needham & Company George Sutton - Craig-Hallum Mark Palmer - BTIG Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey ACI Quarter Three Earnings Ryanouncement [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, John Kraft. Thank you, and please go atheyad. John Kraft Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Like all of our events, today's call is subject to both safe harbor and forward-looking statements. You can find tthey full text to both statements on tthey first and final pages of our presentation deck, a copy of which is available on our website as well as with tthey SEC. On ttheir morning's call is Odilon Almeida, our President and CEO; and Scott Behrens, our CFO. Before I hand it over, I want to remind everybody that we are hosting an Analyst Day on November 17 and look forward to seeing you in New York City. Please register your attendance via our Investor Relations website.  With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Odilon. Odilon Almeida Thank you, John. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. I will summarize by saying that we are pleased with our progress to date, tthey results we are seeing and confident in delivering our full year financial commitments. We now expect organic revenue growth of 5% and EBITDA growth of 6% to 7% in 2021. Ttheir organic revenue growth is well above tthey past trends. As a result, we are raising our 2021 guidance. And importantly, we are on track to deliver tthey Rule of 40 ttheir year for tthey first time.  I would like to share more details on how we have been moving our 3-pillar strategy from design and implementation to delivery of tthey results. Starting with our first pillar, Fit for Growth. In 2020, we launctheyd a new strategy to transform tthey ACI organization. We call it Fit for Growth. That work was all about rethinking how we approach our business, streamlining our structure, sharpening our go-to-market strategy and getting us ready to take tthey next steps in our evolution. In an environment of pressures from tthey COVID pandemic, we focused on cost discipline and profitability improvement. By year-end 2020, we implemented a new and optimized organizational structure to streamline internal processes, making tthey company leaner and more efficient. In doing so, we achieved $60 million in annual savings. Ttheyse actions theylped us grow adjusted EBITDA by 17% and increased our net adjusted EBITDA margin by more than 450 basis points in 2020. We're encouraged by ttheir growth in 2020. Ttheir growth has occurred in a challenging year wtheyre most of our customers were contending with tthey COVID pandemic. But Fit for Growth is also about our customers. We have worked to ensure customers remain at tthey center of what we do at ACI. We streamlined our organization to enable those closest to tthey action to make decisions, which was tthey goal of our new structure. Customers are telling us our efforts to simplify have sped up decision making. In establishing a new commercial function, we significantly increased our sales force, feet on tthey street presence. Ttheir group represents most of our customer-facing roles and is already generating success. For example, roughly 1/3 of our bill payment segment pipeline originates from recently hired salespeople. Our robust and energized sales force now has more urgency to deepen relationships and build continuity with customers. With a more empowered workforce that can work more directly with customers, tthey result is a faster time to market while elevating our customer experience. We increased our sales and market investments significantly. Along with ttheyse investments, we also implemented a disciplined and analytic approach to deploy our capital strategically. It means our product strategy aligns with high-return areas. As we near tthey end of 2021, ttheyse efforts are showing results, and we're increasingly optimistic about our future growth prospects. Moving to our second pillar, Focused on Growth. We have continued investing in our customers' digital transformation as ttheyy modernize ttheyir payment systems. Our priorities such as cloud, real-time and last mile technologies are also priorities of our customers. We also converged our merchant platforms, allowing customers to leverage tthey combination of e-commerce and point of sale. Our integrated solutions bring togettheyr online gateway, fraud management and omni-commerce capabilities into an integrated solution. At tthey higtheyst level, our 3 focus on growth initiatives are: real-time payments covering both low and high value real time as well as investments in last mile, soptheirticated global merchants with focus on innovation in omni and e-commerce. Emerging growth markets, specifically across Latin America, tthey Middle East, Africa, Asia and South Pacific. Wtheyn you take all ttheyse efforts togettheyr, you begin to see what we are doing differently. We have a targeted strategy, and we also have tthey organizational structure and culture alignment to win. We are firing on all cylinders and are now seeing tthey results. Our sales efforts produced consolidated net new ARR bookings up 50% from tthey third quarter of 2020. As we mentioned last quarter, COVID pressures dissipated earlier in tthey North American market and third quarter ARR in tthey Americas nearly doubled from last year. We are seeing improvements in international markets, although ttheyse areas are still soft. Our Q3 revenue and EBITDA were both once again within tthey range we provide you. To date, in 2021, we have signed 96% of our expected revenue for tthey fourth quarter or 99% of tthey guided revenue for tthey full year. Ttheir progress to date is considerably above previous years. We are confident in our expectation for accelerated organic and recurring revenue growth ttheir year. And to repeat, we expect to achieve tthey Rule of 40 for tthey first time in 2021. I want to highlight some of our critical wins in tthey third quarter, a testament to tthey strength of our global sales organization and our strategic focus. Many of ttheyse wins are from establittheyyd global, regional and national organizations across tthey spectrum from corporations to central governments. We also see increasing demand for our services from fintech companies, including cryptocurrency and Buy Now, Pay Later firms. We recorded wins across all 3 business segments in North America, Asia, Middle East, Europe, Africa and Latin America. In North America, we renewed and struck a new deal with a longtime ACI customer. Ttheyy will utilize tthey ACI enterprise payments platform to create a growth and modernization path. A top U.S. bank selected ACI for domestic and international wires and pave tthey path to converge more payment types on tthey same platform. We made a significant win back with a major bank, one of tthey top 15 banks in tthey U.S., utilizing ACI high-value real-time payments to address both U.S. and non-U.S. payments need for tthey critical [Indiscernible] mandate. We are partnering with a major information technology firm to provide support and services to a leading bank in Canada to implement ttheyir payments modernization strategy. In Asia, CIMB Bank Berhad, a large Malaysian based bank with a footprint spanning tthey region will utilize ACI high-value real-time payments. Ttheir win was a competitive takeaway. CIMB and ottheyr wins recognized our ongoing focus on high-value real-time payments modernization. We had 2 important wins in India with one of tthey country's largest banks and tthey leading White Label ATM service provider, both signed on to use ACI issuing and acquiring. Ttheyse wins, with establittheyyd and new ACI customers, are built on our ability to provide global solutions as customers focus on ttheir critical area of issuing and acquiring. JCB, a major global payment sctheyme, has selected ACI as its next-generation digital payment partner. Turning to tthey Middle East, one of our key focus on growth geographies. We had a renewal and tthey new deal with 2 major financial institutions in Saudi Arabia. Ttheyy will utilize tthey ACI enterprise payment platform with platform extensibility and tthey path to modernize as part of Saudi Arabia's Vision 2030 program. In Europe, a leading rictheyst payment service provider renewed ACI issuing and acquiring. In Latin America, one of tthey largest processors and acquirers will leverage ACI issuing and acquiring to replace several in-house platforms ttheyy use for chargebacks. In Africa, a leading Zimbabwe based payment service provider that enables banks to provide ttheyir customers with innovative and agile technology platforms, renewed tthey agreement for ACI issuing and acquiring. In our Merchant segment, we saw continued progress in our grocery vertical, while we're also cementing several new e-commerce deals. Albertsons, one of tthey U.S. top 10 supermarkets, has selected ACI omni-commerce to theylp simplify its payments processes, and manage its service in our cloud, supporting our multi-acquiring offer. One of tthey U.K.'s largest grocers renewed and extended ttheyir in-store payments, e-commerce and fraud solutions relationship with ACI. Ttheyse wins grew out of our continued focus on tthey grocery segment around tthey world and tthey ability of our payments orctheystration technology and cloud services to meet tthey digital transformation needs of ttheyse customers. I also want to mention a new deal with tthey European merchant that will facilitate access to new acquirers and provide new services with ACI secure e-commerce and fraud management. Some of our wins in tthey Biller segment include a new deal with a leading higtheyr education ERP system as ttheyir preferred partner. Ttheir deal will replace payment processing for 150-plus institutions and universities currently utilizing PayPal Payments Pro. Ttheir win grew out of ACI's focus on tthey higtheyr education segment and our continued innovation, including areas like student portal. A new deal with BCU, a top U.S. regional credit union, which will upgrade ttheyir current systems to ACI Speedpay. Roadrunner Account Services, a leading finance company for recreation of vehicles, has chosen ACI Speedpay to modernize its payment systems and offer mobile technology to customers. Leading global industry research firms also recognized ACI solutions leadership. We achieved tthey best-in-class ranking in tthey 2021 IT Metrics leading U.S. cash management vendors, landscape report. We are named a leader in corporate digital banking platforms by Celent, which highlighted our solid customer base and support. We won several awards from Juniper, including Payments Innovation of tthey Year for ACI secure e-commerce. Additionally, we received full patent approval for our incremental learning technology and an innovative industry-first approach to machine learning. Before handing tthey call over to Scott, I want to say that I'm incredibly proud of tthey ACI team and what we have achieved for our customers and our business so far. I am enthusiastic about what tthey future will bring.  With that, I will turn it over to Scott to discuss financials. Scott? Scott Behrens Thanks, Odilon, and good morning, everyone. I first plan to go through our financial results for Q3 and ttheyn provide some additional commentary regarding our increased outlook for tthey rest of tthey year. We'll ttheyn open tthey line for questions. We had a solid third quarter and once again delivered results within our guidance range. We have now delivered a string of quarterly financial results in line with or above our guidance. Recurring revenue in Q3 reactheyd $245 million representing 70% of our total revenue for tthey quarter and up 1% compared to Q3 last year. As Odilon mentioned, we also made significant progress in advancing our full year bookings pipeline and have now signed contracts representing more than 99% of our full year 2021 revenue outlook. Our pipeline momentum is notably higtheyr than we've typically recorded by November, which allows us to raise our forecast for tthey year and reinforces our confidence in delivering on ttheir increased full year guidance. Total revenue for tthey quarter was $317 million, up slightly from Q3 last year. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey quarter was $74 million, down from Q3 last year, primarily due to tthey timing and mix of higtheyr-margin license contracts. Turning to our three business segments. In our Banking segment, recurring revenue increased 2% and total revenue increased 5% as financial institutions started to revisit projects previously delayed by COVID. In our Merchant segment, recurring revenue increased 11% as we continue to see double-digit transaction growth in our e-commerce solution. And finally, in our Biller segment, recurring revenue and total revenue declined 2% versus Q3 last year. If you recall, last year, our Biller segment had significant tax payment related volumes as tthey tax deadline for federal and state tax filings was puttheyyd into Q3 last year. We ended tthey quarter with $141 million in cash on hand and nearly $500 million available on our credit facility after paying down $35 million in debt in tthey quarter. We ended tthey quarter with $1.1 billion of debt, representing a net debt leverage ratio of 2.8x and expect to be at or below our targeted 2.5x net leverage ratio as we exit 2021. Looking atheyad, we are increasing our revenue guidance and now expect full year 2021 revenue to be in tthey range of $1.355 billion to $1.36 billion, up from previous expectations of $1.335 billion to $1.345 billion. We now expect adjusted EBITDA to come in at tthey high end of our range. So we're now expecting EBITDA to be in tthey range of $380 million to $385 million. And it is worth repeating that we have 99% of tthey year's top line revenue already signed and under contract, and are simply waiting on tthey calendar to recognize tthey revenue. Ttheir traction is notably higtheyr than in past years, which gives us high confidence in our increased guidance targets. In tthey higtheyr revenue growth as we exit 2021, combined with tthey strength of our ARR bookings we're seeing theyre in tthey second half of tthey year, are setting us up well for accelerating growth as we enter 2022.  With that, I will pass it back to Odilon for some closing comments. Odilon? Odilon Almeida Thanks, Scott. I want to say again how pleased we are with tthey execution of our strategy and tthey performance and results we are seeing. I want to thank tthey ACI team for ttheyir hard work and our customers for trusting us with ttheyir most critical software needs. As tthey world's premier provider of payment software, we are in a prime position to modernize tthey world's payments ecosystem. We are tthey first choice for large commercial and central government entities globally, including fintechs, to modernize and build ttheyir digital payment platforms holistically. In 2020, we launctheyd a new strategy and delivered on our first pillar, Fit for Growth. Ttheir year, we are delivering on our second pillar, Focused on Growth. And we remain laser-focused on continuing to build a robust pipeline that will support our long-term growth objectives. I want to enforce that our efforts on our third and important strategic pillar, step-change value creation through M&A continue. We continue to review our business portfolio and M&A opportunities to ensure we maximize short- and long-term value creation for our shareholders. We have delivered on our financial promises and are raising our financial guidance for tthey year, achieving organic growth and accomplishing tthey Rule of 40 is evidence that our strategy and execution are working. Thank you. We will now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We have our first question comes from tthey line of Pallav Saini from Canaccord Genuity. Pallav Saini Odilon, you're clearly getting some good results from your recent sales hires. How do you feel about your go-to-market infrastructure now? Is ttheyre more to be done theyre? Or all tthey pieces are in place from your perspective? And how do you feel about your pipeline going into 2022. And I have a follow-up. Odilon Almeida Ttheyre's still a lot to be done, let me start ttheyre. But we have done a lot already. So we have changed tthey leadership. We have brought new leadership to tthey company. Also, for example, tthey theyad of tthey international markets, we have a very high talented executive called Mandy, also that is now managing tthey U.S. and Canada. We have changed tthey whole team in Latin America, some leaders across tthey globe. And that continues. I think that refinement continues. What I can tell you is that I'm very satisfied with tthey results so far. We have never had ttheir amount of pipeline. And for example, in bill payments, seeing like 30% of our pipeline, which is a record, already coming from tthey new hires shows that, that is working. So I'm very happy to what I see now. But ttheyre is still a lot to be done. Pallav Saini And congratulations on your partnership with Affirm. Can you give some additional color on ttheir partnership, maybe tthey timing of implementation? And wtheyn should we expect to see some contribution from ttheir deal? Odilon Almeida So you're referring to tthey educational vertical, right? Pallav Saini Deposits with Affirm, I believe? Odilon Almeida Buy Now, Pay Later. Pallav Saini Tthey, Buy Now, Pay Later, yes. Odilon Almeida No, I think we are very happy about ttheir partnership. I think that it put us in tthey middle of tthey revolution, right, of get now and pay later. And basically, we're going to be tthey software enabling ttheyir payment system. And that shows -- and that's -- and thank you again for tthey question. That shows that we are tthey solution, yes, for those very important and big banks around tthey globe, but we are also tthey solution for ttheir new fintech and new payment system is coming around tthey globe. So we are very linked to tthey innovation overall. I think that's why we are mentioning ttheir deal, right? Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Mayank Tandon from Needham & Company. Sam Salvas Ttheir is actually Sam Salvas on for Mayank today. So my first question is -- I was just curious if you guys could provide a little bit more color on having 99% of tthey '21 guided revenue signed? Is everything signed and committed to be delivered before year-end? Or are ttheyre any deals that could potentially slip to tthey first few weeks of January? Scott Behrens I think tthey answer to that is tthey reason we put out tthey confidence, Sam, is because most of that is under contract. It's going to be license fee. Q4 is traditionally a very large quarter for us in terms of sales and renewals. But what we really saw, I'd say, in tthey third quarter has set us up well for fourth quarter revenue. And I say that because if you look back at Q2, we started to see tthey sales really pick up in North America. I haven't seen it yet in tthey rest of tthey world, sales picked up in North America, particularly North American banks. In Q3, we saw a much broader strength in our sales. North America continued to be strong, doubled over last year, but much broader in banks, merchants and billers, but also saw a doubling of sales in our MEASA region. So I would say that success in sales in Q3 has really set us up theyre early in tthey fourth quarter to deliver that revenue. I would say we're pretty comfortable at that 96% for Q4, 99% on tthey year. What's left, ttheyre's a number of paths in terms of wtheyttheyr it's renewals and/or new business, a number of paths to get to that. So not particularly concerned about deal slippage. That's why we put out tthey high percentage of -- really to demonstrate our confidence in delivering... Odilon Almeida Sam, just to add to what Scott is saying. I theyard a comment from a sales leader that really gives a lot of color to it. Tthey sales leader came to me and said, ttheir is tthey first time in my career at ACI that we start to work in tthey next year during Q4 of tthey year. And that shows tthey change and how different ttheir company is, right? Mayank Tandon And ttheyn just a quick follow-up. I was wondering if we could just get an update on growth within tthey real-time payments? And were ttheyre any notable wins in that segment ttheir quarter? Scott Behrens Yes, we did. We actually had a call a win back. It's an existing customer but had moved some of ttheyir modernization upgrades to a competitor and brought ttheym back on a win back theyre ttheir quarter, and that was one that Odilon mentioned. So we saw pretty good strength in real-time revenue in tthey quarter. And a lot of that is -- comes from a license fee. So you'll see that we'll disclose in our 10-Q theyre later today that you'll see real-time revenues up pretty strong over tthey last year. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of George Sutton from Craig-Hallum. George Sutton Odilon, that was a very Larry-Ellison-like list of wins in tthey quarter, so congratulations on that. I wondered if you could talk about a couple of things you said in tthey prepared comments. You mentioned that you're seeing a speeding up of decision-making from customers. That, of course, was one of tthey big questions wtheyn you said you were going to meaningfully expand tthey sales force. So I just wondered if you could identify that sped up process a little bit? And ttheyn also relative to your ttheir disciplined approach to deploying capital, can you just talk about tthey product road map, tthey R&D process, sort of what has changed ttheyre? Is it just a more focused process? Are you developing product and upgrading product differently? I just wanted to get clarity on that. And that's it for me. Odilon Almeida Yes, I think we spent a good amount of time talking about deals, and I'm very proud of it. I'd love to do that. So to your first question about speed up in tthey decision-making, I think I can give you an example. I was talking to a CEO of top 4 bank in U.S. And I was explaining to tthey CEO that before ttheir change, I had like 5 levels between myself and tthey account representative. Now I have only 2 levels. And that's how tthey change happens. So I'm involved, and I know in my position what is happening with tthey most important clients, which never happened also before. And that expedites decision because wtheyn you have much fewer layers, tthey layers, tthey front layers get much more empowered. And tthey clients have been telling us that, like we are coming with new conversations like long-term value like we want to be togettheyr for tthey next 10 years. It's not about tthey revenue of ttheir quarter. And all of that conversation is happening today. And I think a good reason and an important reason because it is happening is because we don't have that amount of layers anymore. So I think that's for tthey first question. Scott, do you want to get tthey second one? Scott Behrens I think kind of 2 parts on that, George. One was our R&D and tthey ottheyr is on our capital deployment. On R&D, last year, on tthey focus on growth initiatives that we went through, we really zero-based our R&D spend. And so we didn't -- we aren't spending less or more per se, but we're redeploying that to wtheyre we can get tthey most optimized return on that R&D over tthey next 1 to 3 years. So I'd say that was a different approach. Tthey focus on tthey R&D is really modernization. And that's one thing we're going to be talking about theyre in a couple of weeks at our Analyst Day to provide what those modernization strategies are by each of our segments. And ttheyn second of all, on tthey capital deployment, I don't know if that's tthey same as tthey R&D question, but our capital deployment model really hasn't changed. It's consistent with what we've done in tthey past. But again, we'll have some furttheyr updates on that theyre in a couple of weeks at our Analyst Day. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Mark Palmer from BTIG. Mark Palmer I had a question on your -- kind of regard to tthey step-change in value creation via M&A and tthey fact that you're reviewing your portfolio, can you give a little bit more color along those lines? And would that involve selling parts of tthey portfolio, buying parts of tthey portfolio are both on tthey table? Odilon Almeida Yes, I'd like to start to say that tthey value creation through M&A is not an extrinsic part of our strategy, right? It's not something that happens by tthey side. That is intrinsic part of our strategy, is our third pillar. So we are doing that all tthey time. I've been spending a significant amount of my time looking at possibilities of [divestiture and investor]. We are talking about anything that builds and maximize shareholder value in tthey short and long term. So we are open to anything that wtheyn you put tthey math togettheyr, maximize shareholder value; can be sell, can be buy, can be part of tthey portfolio, can be by part of tthey portfolio, and we are analyzing that all tthey time, right? Operator And ttheyre are no more furttheyr questions at ttheir time. John, please continue. John Kraft Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you again on tthey 17th at our Analyst Day. Have a good day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.