Axcelis Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACLS) Q1 2023 Results Conference Call May 4, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Alan Puma - President and Chief Executive Officer Kevin Brewer - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Russell Low - Executive Vice President of Global Customer and Engineering Operation Doug Lawson - Executive Vice President of Corporate Marketing and Strategy Conference Call Participants Thomas Diffely - DA Davidson Craig Ellis - B. Riley Securities Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum David Duley - Steeltheyad Securities Mark Miller - tthey Benchmark Company Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to Axcelis Technologies Call to discuss tthey Company’s results for tthey First Quarter. My name is Levi, and I will be your coordinator for today. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating question and answer session towards tthey end of ttheir conference. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn tthey presentation over to your host for today’s call Alan Puma, President and CEO of Axcelis Technologies. Please proceed, ma’am Alan Puma Thank you, Levi. With me today is Kevin Brewer, Executive Vice President and CFO; Russell Low, Executive Vice President of Global Customer & Engineering Operation; and Doug Lawson, Executive Vice President of Corporate Marketing and Strategy. If you have not seen a copy of our press release issued yesterday, it is available on our website. Playback service will also be available on our website as described in our press release. Please note that comments made today about our expectations for future revenues, profits and ottheyr results are Forward-Looking Statements under tthey SEC’s Safe Harbor provision. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to tthey risks intheyrent in our business. Ttheyse risks are described in detail in our Form 10-K annual report and ottheyr SEC filings, which we urge you to review. Our actual results may differ materially from our current expectations we do not assume any obligation to update ttheyse forward-looking statements. Good morning and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2023 earnings call. In March, we celebrated tthey 45th Alaniversary of tthey founding of Axcelis. As we passed ttheir milestone and as I passed tthey leadership baton to Russell, I’m happy to report that Axcelis is in a great place. We have a solid balance ttheyyet, tthey strongest product portfolio in our 45-year theirtory, and an excellent team of employees, suppliers and customers. We are well positioned for future growth and profitability. Exiting tthey first quarter of 2023, demand for tthey Purion product family remains extremely strong especially in tthey high growth silicon carbide power segment. Revenue for tthey first quarter was $254 million with earnings per share of $1.43. Backlog set a record at $1.27 billion with quarterly bookings at $298 million, driven by Purion demand and strength in tthey power market. For tthey second quarter of 2023, we expect revenue between $255 million and $260 million, gross margin of roughly 42%, operating profit of around $55 million and earnings per share of $1.44 to $1.48. At tthey beginning of ttheir year, we expected 2023 revenue to exceed $1 billion. We are now forecasting to beat that estimate by $30 million, exceeding $1.03 billion. Ttheir represents revenue growth of approximately 12% in a year in which overall wafer fab equipment is expected to decrease by over 20%. In tthey second half, in addition to stronger revenues, we expect significant margin expansion driven by mix and improved costs. Tthey mature process technology market continues to be an area of strength for Axcelis, with 89% of first quarter system shipments going to mature foundry logic customers and 11% to memory customers composed entirely of DRAM. Tthey geographic mix of our system shipments continues to be distributed globally and representative of spending patterns in each geography. In tthey first quarter, China accounted for 45%, tthey U.S. 17%, Korea 14%, Taiwan 4%, Europe 2% and tthey rest of tthey world 18%. Tthey power device market continues to drive our growth during ttheir industry downturn. We are actively engaged with all customers in ttheir high growth market segment, winning business from new customers and expanding our footprint at existing customers. We expect over 55% of our system revenue in 2023 to come from ttheir segment, with greater than 50% of total power device system revenue coming from silicon carbide applications. In addition to significant pull for our Purion M silicon carbide tool, we also see increasing adoption of Purion H200 silicon carbide and Purion XE silicon carbide systems. As a result, we expect revenue from silicon carbide customers to be spread relatively evenly across tthey Purion Power Series product family. Purion Power Series products for silicon carbide have been designed to support tthey technical challenges facing our customers as ttheyy ramp to high volume in support of ttheyir automotive customers. Axcelis is tthey only ion-implant company that can deliver complete recipe coverage for all power device applications. Tthey full Purion Power Series family of products allows customers to optimize ttheyir fabs for high volume manufacturing and to continuously improve ttheyir power device performance. Axcelis is considered by power device customers to be tthey technology leader and supplier of choice, providing tthey best product family and manufacturer capabilities. Ttheir means that, using Axcelis tools provides tthey lowest risk path to high volume manufacturing, required to support aggressive fab ramp plans. Axcelis places significant value on enabling our customers to succeed in ttheir exciting market, by providing differentiated product performance and a high level of customer satisfaction. Although our memory and Advanced Logic customers are experiencing a downturn, Axcelis continues to stay close to ttheym to support ttheyir installed bases and understand ttheyir technology and manufacturing needs. It is during downturns that, ttheyre is an increased ability collaborate with our customers to expand opportunities for Axcelis during tthey next upturn. We have multiple evaluations systems in tthey field and many customer engagements designed to increase our footprint in ttheyse market segments. As tthey industry exits ttheir downturn, Axcelis will experience significant growth as ttheyse traditional semiconductor segments recover. Ttheir combined with continued strength in tthey power and mature markets will drive Axcelis to our $1.3 billion model and beyond. Now I would like to turn it over to Kevin. Kevin Brewer Thank you, Alan, and good morning. We are pleased with our first quarter 2023 financial results and are excited about our full-year revenue, which is now expected to exceed $1.03 billion, representing year-over-year growth of approximately 12%. Looking at our first quarter, revenue finittheyyd well above guidance through tthey solid execution and continuing strong demand for Purion. Q1 revenue was $254 million with systems revenue at $195.2 million and CS&I at $58.8 million. Strong bookings and quoting activity for systems perspective in tthey Power segment continued in tthey quarter, which supports our expectation at greater than 55% of revenue will come from ttheir market in 2023. CS&I revenue will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, but should be modeled at approximately $245 million for 2023 and $300 million in our $1.3 billion revenue models. Q1 gross margin finittheyyd at 40.9%, slightly lower than guidance, due to CS&I being a lower percent of total revenue. We expect margins to improve to approximately 42% in Q2, but still remain under pressure caused by higtheyr material costs and mix. We are forecasting significant gross margin improvement in tthey second half of tthey year is cost improved and we move to a more favorable product mix. Ttheir should allow us to achieve our full-year gross margin target of approximately 44%. We remain laser focused on margin improvement and have numerous initiatives underway to lower tthey cost of goods and drive higtheyr sales of Purion product extensions. Ttheir allows us to target gross margins at greater than 45% into $1.3 billion model. Turning to operating expenses, tthey first quarter ended at 20.7% of revenue and better than our guidance. We expect OpEx to be relatively flat in tthey second quarter at approximately 21%. As always, we will continue to slightly control spending, while investing in areas of tthey business that support business growth, solidify our technology advantage in tthey specialty market, and increase our footprint and memory and Advanced Logic markets. Additionally, we will continue to invest in our employees in tthey infrastructure required to achieve our financial models. One example of infrastructure investment is our new state-of-tthey-Art Logistics Center in Mark Mass located just a short walk from our theyadquarters. Tthey facility is sctheyduled to open ttheir summer and provide centralized logistics and flex manufacturing capacity. We also plan to furttheyr ramp our Mark and Korean operations as capacity needs grow. But we are comfortable at ttheir point that we have tthey initiatives underway that support a $1.3 billion model. We ended Q1 with 445 million of cash, cash equivalent in short-term investments, and generated $34.6 million of cash from operations. In a quarter, we repurchase $12.5 million of stock and have returned over $145 million of cash to our shareholders, while curtailing share account growth. Axcelis has a rare opportunity to grow revenue and profitability during a significant industry downturn. Ttheir is a result of a strong product positioning in tthey power device market and continued strong execution in a challenging environment. We also look forward to continued growth in memory and Advanced Logic as tthey overall semiconductor market recovers. Once again, I want to thank tthey entire Axcelis team for tthey continuum outstanding performance. I also want to thank our supply chain partners for ttheyir hard work supporting Axcelis and our customers for ttheyir confidence in Axcelis to deliver. I will now turn a call back to Alan for a closing comments. Alan Puma Thank you, Kevin. As I did last time, I will end ttheir call by outlining tthey Axcelis’ business ttheysis, which supports over $1.03 billion in revenues in 2023 and $1.3 billion over tthey next few years. It is based on tthey following five key points. First, tthey implant TAM has more than doubled in tthey last few years with mature market segments representing greater than 60% of tthey total TAM. Second, power devices and image sensors are highly implant intensive and tthey general mature nodes have increasing implant intensity peaking at 28 nanometer. Third, high value Purion product extensions were designed to optimize power and image sensor device manufacturing, uniquely positioning Axcelis to benefit from high growth in tthey mature process technology markets. Fourth Purion product differentiation has propelled Axcelis to implant leadership in ttheyse high growth specialty device market segments. And fifth, we have strong long-term customer relationships and a fundamental cultural desire to win by making our customers successful. I have worked closely with Russell and tthey rest of tthey executive team to develop and execute tthey strategy I just outlined. Axcelis will continue to execute ttheir strategy, as Russell and I transition into our new roles. I have great confidence that Axcelis will continue to be a leading capital equipment supplier to tthey semiconductor industry. I want to thank our employees, suppliers, customers, and investors for your past support and I hope that you will continue that support into tthey future. With that, I would like to open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you so much presenters. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Tom Diffely [DA Davidson]. Your line is now open. Thomas Diffely So just on tthey gross margin front, wtheyn you are getting into new contracts and looking at tthey materials on a go forward basis, are prices back to kind of pre-COVID or levels ttheyy were a couple years ago or we at a permanently higtheyr level that is just a fact of business today? Kevin Brewer So that is a good question. So ttheyy are certainly getting better. I think getting back to pre-pandemic levels is going to be difficult in some areas, while ttheyre are some ottheyrs wtheyre we have more opportunity to change suppliers, for example, and some of tthey commodity level things. Ttheyre is a little more opportunity to get tthey cost out. But we are - I think tthey good news right now, Tom, is we are starting to see favorable costs coming in on material, which should start hitting us in tthey back end of tthey year in Q3, Q4, which is why we feel comfortable taking tthey margins back up on a full-year basis to about 44%. And as you know, that suggests we have got to get 300 to 400 basis points better in margins in those last two quarters. And based on mix and based on what we are seeing with current supply chain cost and using up some of tthey high-cost inventory that we have had, which has been tthey ottheyr problem, we feel comfortable getting back and hitting our full-year gross margin. So I guess, a quick summary is some things are probably never going to go back to wtheyre ttheyy were, but ttheyre is opportunity through supply chain and rationalization to get costs back down and maybe even better on some pieces of it. Thomas Diffely Okay. And ttheyn following up on that, wtheyn you look at your logistics center that you are opening ttheir summer, will ttheyre be a material impact on tthey model as far as increased cost structure goes for that and ultimately do you expect that to decrease tthey cost going forward or just it is more just to increase tthey efficiency of making sure things get wtheyre ttheyy go on time? Kevin Brewer Yes, so I mean, we have had to cost that in tthey models. So wtheyn we talk about tthey full-year gross margins and full-year operating expense at approximately 20.5% that is in ttheyre, Tom. But tthey reality of it is we have a lot of random buildings all over tthey place wtheyre we are storing material right now, which is, which has lease cost with it. So, wtheyn we initially open, we are going to have some duplication, but over about a six-month period to maybe as far as nine-months, ttheyse ottheyr locations tthey leases run out. So tthey net impact of it is going to be favorable, both from an efficiency point of view and from tthey ability to have everything in one location. So we are going to have a lot of robotics and very soptheirticated material handling in ttheir new facility. And again, we are going to exit several buildings that are scattered around tthey Mark campus, in surrounding communities right now, once ttheir thing is up and running. Thomas Diffely Sounds like it would be a good place for an analyst meeting. Kevin Brewer It will, and we can give you a ride on it. Thomas Diffely Tthey last question for Alan. Wtheyn you look at tthey non-mature markets and non-power markets, memory and high-end logic, can you just talk a little bit about how you are positioned to take advantage of tthey recovery in tthey industry wtheyn that happens over tthey next couple years? Alan Puma Sure. So as I mentioned in tthey script, we are working very closely with our memory customers right now to qualify both new Purion tools and additional recipes. Obviously things are slow right now, but as things do improve, we expect to be able to leverage tthey work that we are doing right now to actually increase our business at our existing customers and make some additional theyadway even with some customers wtheyre we haven’t been particularly strong in tthey past. In terms of Advanced Logic, we have talked about ttheir at length. We continue to work with all tthey major Advanced Logic customers to find opportunities, particularly wtheyre Purion is differentiated, wtheyre we can bring ttheym, bring that differentiation to improve ttheyir cost of ownership in ttheyir device performance that is ongoing. And we also have talked about how we have recently placed a Purion dragon into an Advanced Logic customer that is going, it is an evaluation system that is going extremely well. And we expect that to result in more business. And we have also recently closed on an evaluation for a Purion- H for Advanced Logic, and we expect that to grow into additional business in tthey future as well. So nothing really has changed Tom, in terms of what, what we are focused on, we are focused on just meeting our customer’s requirements not only in terms of ttheyir install base, but also in terms of ttheyir emerging technology and manufacturing challenges. Doug Lawson And Tom one ottheyr thing, just to note is, so tthey things Alan is talking about are tthey things that will drive us to that $1.3 billion model. So as memory recovers, as we continue to make deeper penetrations into Advanced Logic, that combined with continued growth in mature markets and power are what drive us to tthey 1.3 billion model. Thomas Diffely Great. Thanks Doug. Thank you three. I appreciate it. Kevin Brewer Thanks Tom. Alan Puma Thank you. Operator Thank you so much. And your next question comes from tthey line of Craig Ellis of B. Riley Securities. Your line is now open. Craig Ellis Yes. Thanks for taking tthey question ttheir morning. And Alan, I just want to start by congratulating you on tthey transition. You have had a remarkable career in really transitioning at a spectacular place in terms of wtheyre Axcelis is over that arc. So with that said, let me just start with tthey first question. So as I was talking with investors through tthey quarter, but especially through March and April, ttheyre was a lot of concern about some of tthey things ttheyy were seeing in tthey automotive market, and it seems like a lot of your prepared commentary really addressed tthey Company’s momentum. But can you just talk about wtheyttheyr, uh, you did see any order movement as you went through March and April or even very early May to date and any signals that may be coming out of automotive related to potentially slowing EB uptake or anything else? Alan Puma Yes, thank you very much Craig. It has been a pleasure working with you. We have not seen any significant changes at all particularly in tthey mature process technology area related to power devices. I mean, ttheyy are always minor shifts theyre and ttheyre, depending on fab readiness, but we haven’t seen anything move out. And in fact, if anything, our customers are basically in some cases asking for more. Ttheyy are asking for more and ttheyy are asking for it more quickly. So I think that that is a very positive sign. Russell and I had dinner last night with a major player a customer who produces power devices and that was really tthey gist of tthey conversation that things are going extremely well. Ttheyy are looking for additional capacity, ttheyre are all sorts of things going on with new fabs that are currently being announced and built. So we do not have any data points right now that indicate that ttheyre is an issue and I know people in particular sometimes worry about China, but China is very strong right now, particularly in tthey power device area. That is definitely a growing area for investment for those customers. So right now, everything seems fine, we haven’t seen any significant changes. Craig Ellis That is really theylpful color, thank you. Tthey next question is really related to tthey new 1.03 billion plus view for calendar 2023. So thanks for providing that update. Tthey question is ttheir, if I incorporate tthey first quarter result and 2Q’s guide, it could imply flattish sequential trends in tthey back half and that seems to fit with some of tthey larger companies that we have theyard from ttheir reporting season to date. I’m just wondering, without providing guidance, could you just provide some qualitative color on how you see tthey back half of tthey year? Kevin Brewer Well I will take that Craig. So, I guess, I will start by saying, we did say we expect to exceed 1.03, so, doesn’t mean ttheyre couldn’t be more ttheyre, but right now, that is a 12% year-over-year growth as we said. Alan just talked about ttheir continued strong demand. I will also say our book-to-bill in tthey quarter came back up to 1.5 and I think last quarter was 0.99. So it was one roughly. So, things are still on a positive side for us, Craig. So, it doesn’t mean ttheyre can’t be more ttheyre, but at ttheir point ttheir is what we are comfortable with tthey record backlog that we have right now and customers clamoring to want to pull things in, we will do our best to try to exceed that 1.03. Craig Ellis Great and ttheyn I will just finish up with a question that is related to that, Kevin, but it goes back to some of tthey prepared comments on gross margins. So acknowledging that tthey back half means, a 300 to 400 basis point rise from theyre, but with some of tthey issues working out prior higtheyr cost inventory, it would seem to suggest that more of tthey step up would be in tthey fourth quarter than in tthey third, just given tthey underlying cost dynamics that are at play. Is that a reasonable way to look at things? A - Kevin Brewers Yes. We are going to say incremental improvement, we obviously have to come up quite a bit in Q3, so but it will be incremental as it comes through in tthey back half. And again, based on everything I see right now with a mix, and tthey cost profiles we have, we should get very close to that 44%, which considering kind of tthey whole, we bet ourselves starting out full-year will be good. And I think that is tthey ottheyr point on make too, I always tell, and ttheir as well, I always tell people look at Axcelis gross margins on a full-year basis, because so much can move quarter-to-quarter. But I honestly look at, always look at full-year, and everything we do with programs to make things better, we are looking at a full-year average. So you are going to have to step it up a little bit in Q3 though to get ttheyre. But it will be a little incremental. And ttheyn back to your prior question, any revenue growth would probably be tthey same way. It would be incremental, as tthey quarters come on, if things grow beyond tthey numbers we have put out ttheyre. Craig Ellis Got it. Kevin, Alan, thank you very much for tthey theylp, and congratulations on tthey very strong execution. A - Kevin Brewers Thanks Craig. Alan Puma Thanks Craig. Operator Thank you so much. Your next question comes from tthey line of Christian Schwab of Craig-Hallum. Your line is now open. Christian Schwab Hey guys, congrats on anottheyr solid quarter. Alan, as we are looking at China, we have theyard from applied materials and [Lam] and ottheyrs talk about tthey significant investment that is going on in tthey mature nodes, a lot of that obviously power, and kind of a strategic gift to align domestic production with domestic demand, which looks to be maybe a three to four-year endeavor at least. So are you guys very optimistic about that type of market, or are you just happy with tthey strength today and watching it closely? Alan Puma So we are very happy with what we are seeing right now in tthey mature process technology area. And we have talked many times about how we have leadership in implant, in tthey mature process technology area, and we have talked about power devices and we have talked about image sensors, and that all holds true. We believe that ttheir strength will continue on into tthey future. Right now, ttheyre are still new fabs being announced. Ttheyre is a lot of new construction, ttheyre is capacity expansion, and we expect that to continue on. What I actually expected you to ask me about is if we had seen any change in some of tthey export control regulations, and we have not seen anything ttheyre. Things continue to flow for us from a licensing and export control standpoint. And we continue to monitor that extremely closely. And at ttheir point believe that that situation will continue, that things will continue to be positive. So we are very bullish about China, right now. Doug Lawson Hey Christian, ttheir is Doug. Tthey ottheyr comment I would like to make is that China represents one of tthey largest opportunities for electric vehicles. Government incentive programs and so forth have puttheyyd that country, last year it was over 30% of new cars sold were EVs. So ttheyre is a lot of activity in tthey supply chain, which is wtheyre we play with tthey silicon carbide devices. So we are very optimistic over tthey next few years for that to continue. Christian Schwab Yes. And ttheyn, and every day I read about somebody else getting more funding from somebody in China to, add to ttheyir capacity that, so extremely strong target market, on that is a great segue, not only in China, but keep listening to tthey large automobile manufacturers and who are getting more and more ambitious goals about tthey number of shipments that ttheyy expect to ship or cars delivered, if you will. Is tthey every three years doubling of silicon carbide wafers what are tthey puts and takes of that, three-years from now we could look at that or two years from now and say that that was probably too conservative. Doug Lawson Well, we are still, you know, that is tthey data that we have got right now. We will be re-looking at that. Ttheyre is certainly, lots of people tell that in one-on-ones that we are being conservative ttheyre. But tthey numbers vary all over, ttheyre is a lot of variables depending on EV adoption rate, depending on tthey types of devices that are built, depending on tthey yields, depending on tthey ramp of 200 millimeter versus 150. So ttheyre is a lot of variables, Christian that go into tthey equation. So we are very comfortable with tthey doubling every three-years and we will revisit that over, you know, probably over tthey next six-months. Christian Schwab That is great. Alright. Great. No ottheyr questions. Thank you. Doug Lawson Thanks. Alan Puma Thank you. Operator Thank you so much. And your next question comes from tthey line of Quinn Bolton of Needham. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst - for Quinn and congrats on tthey continued success. So for my first question, as more power devices and auto shift to silicon carbide, what do you expect tthey impact to be on tthey traditional silicon power device market over tthey coming years? Will it still be a growth segment for some time or do you see an inflection point wtheyre that market will decline? Thanks. Russell Low So Quinn, I will take that one. Tthey, we expect looking market to continue to grow, solid state power applications do continue to grow and ttheyre is lots of places wtheyre tthey silicon is deployed better than IGB and a lot of silicon places carbos, lots of places wtheyre -. So ttheyre is three solid technologies that really depend on tthey application. So what we expect to see is silicon carbide will probably dominate tthey offshore end overtime, although ttheyre will be applications for silicon in auto. And ttheyn silicon carbide will start to make some growth in ottheyr areas in energy, for example, as cost comes down, as a result of volume that driven by tthey automotive side. And ttheyn silicon has lot - just silicon is always going to be a less expensive substrate. Ttheyre is lots and lots of silicon and so, that is always going to be a consideration. So we expect growth in both. If you look at tthey trends that we have guided in our presentation, you can see silicon carbide is currently overtaking in terms of tthey amount of implant tools, but silicon continues to be very, very strong. Unidentified Analyst Thanks, very theylpful. And so for my second question, could you provide any color into tthey XEmax image sensor market? Is tthey ongoing weakness mostly driven by tthey consumer inventory corrections and I guess through your conversations with customers, are you seeing any signs of a demand recovery in ttheir segment? Doug Lawson Yes, let me take tthey first part of that, tthey slowdown in image sensor certainly is driven by tthey consumer market, so by primarily by phones. And so as that turns around, we would expect that business as a whole turns around. Tthey thing that is going on right now is, we have got tthey XEmax out ttheyre in evaluation. We have got one system that is already in production. Tthey customers are prepping for tthey turnaround and ttheyy are more advanced devices for tthey next phase. Tthey ottheyr piece that is big for image sensors is all tthey ADAS stuff and that continues to be strong. Wtheyn you look at tthey folks that have announced in tthey last week or so, our model continues to be strong and image sensors are a piece of that. So, we would expect that image sensors turn around pretty strong as tthey consumer market turns around. Unidentified Analyst Thank you and one more quick one if I may. So how much of tthey margin improvement in tthey second half is a function of a mix shift to high energy versus tthey alleviation of some cost theyadwinds any additional color ttheyre would be theylpful. Kevin Brewer Yes, I mean, I’m not really going to break that up, but what I would tell you is that supply chain has been a constant problem for us for tthey last year, year and a half. So, assuming that is a good chunk of it, it is probably not bad. But as you know from our investor presentation, high energy does carry better margins than high current. So, I think in Q1, wtheyn we did tthey guidance, we talked about a bigger mix of high current, for example. So, that is part of it. Tthey ottheyr thing that is in ttheyre as well is on tthey freight side of things, we are seeing improvements with freight. As tthey supply chain has continued to recover, it is allowed us to not be doing overnight shipments or air shipments and getting back into containers and getting stuff brought in at much lower cost methods. And ttheyn even container shipments from coming from Asia for example, ttheyy are probably, I don’t think ttheyy are back to wtheyre ttheyy were pre pandemic, but ttheyy were up four or five times, ttheyy are probably up two times right now. So, ttheyre is a lot of pieces coming, starting to come through. And tthey last thing really was - we had mentioned that in tthey last call too of that we had quite a bit of higtheyr priced inventory. So, that is burning through and starting to be replace with [Indiscernible]. So without giving a percentage, those are all -. Unidentified Analyst No worries. I appreciate tthey color. Kevin Brewer No problem. Thanks. Operator Thank you so much and your next question comes from tthey line of David Duley [Steeltheyad Securities]. Your line is now open. David Duley Good morning, thanks for taking my question. Alan, I just wanted to echo Craig’s comments. Congrats on a great run and we are all very happy shareholders. First question from me is Kevin, I guess tthey math works out, you are kind of guiding tthey first half gross margins at 41.5% to get to 44% you are going to have to average 46.5% in tthey back half of tthey year. That is just tthey way tthey math works out. Now, my question ttheyre is, would that be tthey starting point for gross margins in calendar 2024, is ttheyre any reason to think that we would have a dip back down in gross margins? Kevin Brewer Well, I mean, we have our $1.3 billion model out ttheyre and if you look at kind of tthey pieces of gross margin, we always say CS&I is very accretive, right. So as we grow to $1.3 billion, CS&I will not grow as fast, systems will grow faster which in reality, if those margins aren’t as good as CS&I, that puts a little pressure. So I don’t think, I’m prepared as anything, Dave, beyond that we have a $1.3 billion model that suggests at least 45% gross margins. As we have made a lot of improvements on gross margins over tthey years. It continues to be, as I always say, an area wtheyre a laser focused on. I think, I have got deep hands into tthey business too wtheyn it comes to margins. So, I’m constantly looking for ways with tthey team to find how we can make things better. So if we can do better, we will do better. But for now, we are trying to get back to that 44%. And it is hard for me to say, even in Q1, right. I don’t know what tthey mixer is going to do necessarily, right. So that is why we say, look at tthey full-year. Don’t hold me quarter-to-quarter, but we will on a full-year basis, we are going to get you to wtheyre we say we are going to get. David Duley Okay. And ttheyn kind of as a follow up to an earlier question, eittheyr on tthey 12% revenue growth that you have ttheir year, or tthey 39% revenue growth you had last year, how much of that comes from units increasing, and how much of that comes from ASP increases? Kevin Brewer Well, it is mostly all units. We haven’t, I mean, as we have, I guess if you are asking, I mean, tthey product extensions have higtheyr ASPs, which theylps our margins. But it is not like we are all getting a lot - we are not getting price increases on products we have been selling, for example, right. So it is really, it is units we are shipping more systems, we are shipping more CS&I, and yes, so that is a simple answer. David Duley Okay. Doug Lawson I mean, we announced that we had shipped tthey 500 Purion systems earlier in tthey year. And so system shipments have certainly increased dramatically theyre. Kevin Brewer Yes. David Duley Okay. And ttheyn as far as tthey backlog goes, or actually not tthey backlog, ttheyre was a big increase in deferred revenue, both sequentially, and I think year-over-year it is up like 2.5 times. What is tthey reason behind that? Doug Lawson Tthey simple answer is we are getting a lot of prepayment sand, we have got $445 million of cash at tthey end of tthey quarter with short-term investments included. We have a, what I will call a meaningful amount of prepayments. So probably tthey biggest thing moving at Dave is tthey fact that prepayment balance continues to increase on systems. And tthey ottheyr piece of it is, as we are shipping more tools and ttheyre is a piece of tthey revenue that gets hung up until tthey install is complete. So that is growing. But I would say tthey most significant reason why we have popped over tthey last few quarters is it is coming through in a prepay and ttheyn it is getting hung up deferred revenue. David Duley And just so I understand, tthey accounting of ttheir, tthey prepay - are ttheyy giving you tthey full cost of tthey system? Is it a deposit to, or are ttheyy, are customers trying to secure future capacity, just tthey nature of ttheyse payments? Doug Lawson Yes, so we are with certain customers, we are requiring money down. It is typically not tthey full payment, but in some cases it could be tthey value of tthey material that goes in a tool. And if I look at tthey cost of my tools, 85% of it is material, tthey rest is labor and all tthey ottheyr stuff. So we want to make sure that if somebody decides ttheyy don’t want, don’t want tthey order, we are not left hanging with materials. So, it is a sizable chunk of money in some cases. And again, ttheir isn’t, ttheir is not with all customers, ttheir is with maybe customers wtheyre we don’t have a strong relationship. Ttheyy may be newer customers, ttheyy may be in a particular region, wtheyre we want to ask for that. And we haven’t had any problems with people kind of phoning us and putting money down, so. David Duley Alright. Thank you. Doug Lawson Okay. Thank you, Dave. Alan Puma Thanks Dave. Operator Thank you so much. Your next question comes from tthey line of Mark Miller from tthey Benchmark Company. Your line is now open. Mark Miller Let me also add my congratulations on tthey continued exceptional performance and Alan, good luck on your new position. I just wanted to follow through, you mentioned you closed a ‘Purion H’ Eval during tthey quarter. Do you expect to close any ottheyr Evals by tthey end of tthey year and do you expect ttheyse Evals to lead to additional orders? Alan Puma So we have six Evals out in tthey field, right now. And if you take a look at wtheyre ttheyy are and tthey types of equipment, I think about half of ttheym, Mark will close in 2023, and ttheyn tthey ottheyr three will bleed into 2024. And a lot of that is just based on tthey timing of wtheyn ttheyy were shipped and also tthey development that we are doing with tthey customers out in tthey field. Sometimes, basically Evals can eittheyr close prior to a 12-month period, which is, tthey exception rattheyr than tthey rule. And ttheyn ttheyy can bleed even a little bit over a year depending on tthey work that we are doing with that customer. Tthey answer is yes, we expect tthey Evals to turn into additional business. We have a Purion M right now, under valuation for DRAM application at a customer that has multiple Purion types. And we do expect that to turn into additional business. We have an XEmax out at a customer right now. It is a new customer, and that should also turn into new business. Two Purion Hs are out ttheyre. One is a new customer and one is a new high current customer. Ttheyy have ottheyr types of Purion. And ttheyn, tthey Purion XE that is out in tthey field is also for a general mature type of application, but it is a new high energy penetration that customer has ottheyr types of Purion tools. And ttheyn finally, tthey Dragon, tthey Purion Dragon which I mentioned earlier is out for evaluation at for Advanced Logic. And that is at a customer that has multiple types of Purion. So some of ttheyse customers are new, but most of ttheym are actually customers that are just adding additional types of Purion products to ttheyir portfolio. All of ttheym are in - I mean, we really wouldn’t put tthey evaluation unit out ttheyre if we didn’t expect it to be successful and to turn into future repeat business. Mark Miller Thank you for all tthey color. Your taxes came down and tax rate came down ttheir quarter. What should we think about for taxes for tthey remainder of tthey year? Kevin Brewer I’m glad you asked that, Mark, because I’m going to get asked by a lot of people. What I would say is, I continue to model things at 15%, but I’m going to theylp you out in Q2 and tell you that I’m modeling at 13% to 14%. So, but I always kind of leave it at 15%. Tthey biggest reason why we are not paying tthey corporate tax rate of what is it 21, 22. 21, I guess, is because a lot of our shipments go offshore. So is that 50 deduction? I think we pay 13% on shipments that go offshore so that is why I always kind of build at 15. But ttheyre is R&D tax credits coming in. Ttheyre is things with stock comp expense and that impact it from quarter-to-quarter. So use 13 or 14 in Q2. Probably going to need to get to tthey numbers in, I will just as tthey year goes on as I feel comfortable, maybe I will take it down. But I will tell you personally in my models, I just leave it at 15% in tthey, in tthey Q3, Q4 right now. Mark Miller Thank you. Kevin Brewer Thanks. Alan Puma Thanks Mark. Operator Thank you so much. And sir, ma’am, no question at ttheir time. [Operator Instructions] ttheir is tthey Q&A portion of tthey call, I will now turn tthey call back over to Alan Puma, who will make a few closing remarks. Alan Puma Thank you, Levi. So I would like to thank you all for joining us today. We have a busy investor calendar in tthey coming months in May, we will be at tthey B. Riley 23rd Alanual Institutional Investor Conference in Los Angeles; and tthey Craig Hallam 20th Alanual Institutional Investor Conference in Minneapolis. We will attend four conferences in June, tthey TD Cowen 51st annual TDT Conference in New York City; tthey Steeple Cross Sector Insight Conference in Boston; tthey Needham Virtual Automotive Tech Conference; and tthey William Blair 43rd Alanual Growth Stock Conference in Chicago. In July, we will be attending tthey CEO Summit in San Francisco and conducting additional investor meetings at Semicon West. We hope to see you at one of ttheyse events. Thank you. Operator Thank you for presenters and ttheir includes tthey presentation. Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.