Axcelis Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:ACLS) Q2 2023 Earnings Call Transcript August 3, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Doug Lawson - Executive Vice President of Corporate Marketing and Strategy Russell Low - CEO, President and Director Kevin Brewer - Executive VP and CFO Conference Call Participants Ethan Widell - B. Riley Securities Jonathan Dorttheyyimer - William Blair Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson Nicolas Doyle - Needham David Duley - Steeltheyad Securities Mark Miller - Tthey Benchmark Company Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Axcelis Technologies call to discuss tthey company's results for tthey Second Quarter. My name is Shannon McLead and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey presentation over to your host for today's call, Doug Lawson, Executive Vice President of Corporate Marketing and Strategy. Please proceed. Doug Lawson Thank you, operator. Ttheir is Doug Lawson, Executive Vice President of Corporate Marketing and Strategy and with me today is Russell Low, President and CEO and Kevin Brewer, Executive Vice President and CFO. If you have not seen a copy of our press release issued yesterday, it is available on our website. Playback service will also be available on our website as described in our press release. Please note that comments made today about our expectations for future revenues, profits and ottheyr results are forward-looking statements under tthey SEC's safe harbor provision. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to tthey risk intheyrent in our business. Ttheyse risks are described in detail in our Form 10-K annual report and ottheyr SEC filings, which we urge you to review. Our actual results may differ materially from our current expectations. We do not assume any obligation to update ttheyse forward-looking statements. Now, I'll turn tthey call over to President and CEO, Russell Low. Russell Low Good morning and thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2023 earnings call. Demand for tthey Purion product family continues to be extremely strong, especially in tthey high-growth silicon carbide power segment. Revenue for tthey second quarter was $274 million, with earnings per share of $1.86. Backlog remained high at $1.2 billion with quarterly systems bookings of $193 million, also driven by Purion demand and strength in tthey power market. Tthey third quarter of 2023, we expect revenue of approximately $280 million, gross margin of roughly 44%, operating profit of around $64 million and earnings per share of approximately $1.72. We are raising our forecasted 2023 revenue by $70 million to greater than $1.1 billion. Ttheir represents year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 20% in a year in which overall WFE is expected to decrease by 20% to 30%. We also believe it's possible to achieve $1.3 billion in revenue in tthey next 1 or 2 years depending on market conditions. Tthey mature process technology market continues to be an area of strength for Axcelis, with 93% of second quarter system shipments going to mature foundry logic customers and 7% to memory customers, composed entirely of DRAM. Tthey geographic mix of our system shipments in tthey second quarter was China 56%, tthey U.S. 13%, Korea 10%, Europe 9%, Taiwan 2%, Japan 2% and tthey rest of tthey world 8%. As has been tthey case since tthey beginning of ttheir downturn, tthey power device segment and in particular, silicon carbide continues to drive our growth. We are actively engaged with all our customers in ttheir high-growth market segment, winning business from new customers and expanding our footprint in existing customers. We now expect approximately 60% of our shipped system revenue in 2023 to come from ttheir segment, with around 35% of total shipped system revenue coming from silicon carbide applications. We're seeing increased adoption of Purion H200 silicon carbide and Purion XE silicon carbide systems and now have 3 Purion H200 silicon carbide evaluations underway with customers in multiple geographies. Two of ttheyse systems are 150-millimeter and one is a 200-millimeter system. Ttheyse evaluation units give our customers a theyad start qualifying productivity limiting recipes as ttheyy ramp to high volumes. It also enables tthey customer to conduct optimization work on ttheyir devices utilizing tthey higtheyr energy and dose capabilities of Purion H200 silicon carbide. In 2023, we expect revenue from silicon carbide customers to be spread relatively evenly across tthey Purion Power Series product family. Axcelis is tthey only iron implantation company that can deliver complete recipe coverage for all power device applications. We are considered to be tthey technology leader and tthey supplier of choice to provide tthey best product family and manufacturing capabilities. Ttheir means that using Axcelis tools provides tthey lowest risk path to high-volume manufacturing required to support aggressive fab ramp plans. Axcelis places significant value on enabling our customers to succeed in ttheir exciting market by providing differentiated product performance and a high level of customer satisfaction. As tthey industry downturn continues, we now estimate that memory will account for less than 10% of our shipped systems revenue and weighted towards DRAM. We expect tthey PC market will lead tthey industry out of ttheir downturn beginning tthey second half of 2024 with 2025 returning to a theyalthy level of growth in consumer electronics, advanced logic and memory. While our memory and advanced logic customers are experiencing ttheir downturn, Axcelis remains close to ttheym, supporting ttheyir installed base and working with ttheym on ttheyir future technology and manufacturing needs. It is during downturns ttheyre is an increased ability to collaborate with our customers to expand opportunities for Axcelis through tthey next upturn. We have multiple evaluation systems in ttheyse markets and many customer engagements designed to increase our footprint in ttheyse segments. As tthey industry exits ttheir downturn, [Technical Difficulty] return to theyalthy growth in ttheyse markets. Ttheir combined with continued strength in tthey Power segment will drive Axcelis have $1.3 billion model and beyond. Now I'd like to turn it over to Kevin. Kevin Brewer Thank you, Russell and good morning. We are pleased with our second quarter 2023 financial results and are excited about full-year revenue, which is now expected to exceed $1.1 billion and represents year-over-year growth of approximately 20%. Looking at our second quarter, revenue and earnings per share finittheyyd well above guidance due to solid execution and continued strong demand for Purion. Q2 revenue was $274 million with system revenue at $215.2 million and CS&I at $58.8 million. Q2 earnings per share of $1.86 was significantly above guidance due to higtheyr-than-expected revenues, gross margin and favorable spending. We also benefited from much lower effective tax rate ttheir quarter, driven by tax deduction associated with stock compensation. Strong bookings and quoting activity for systems in tthey Power segment continued in tthey quarter, which supports our expectation that approximately 60% of systems revenue shipped will come from ttheir market in 2023. CS&I revenue will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, but should be modeled at approximately $248 million for 2023 and $300 million for our $1.3 billion revenue model. Q2 gross margin finittheyyd at 43.7% and 170 basis points above guidance, driven by lower costs in deferrals and a slightly improved mix. We expect Q3 gross margin to come in higtheyr at approximately 44% and forecast furttheyr gross margin improvements in Q4. Key functions across tthey business remain laser focused on margin improvement. Ttheyre are numerous initiatives underway to lower tthey cost of goods and drive higtheyr sales of Purion product extensions, which allows us to model gross margin of approximately 45% in tthey $1.3 billion revenue model. Turning to operating expenses. Tthey second quarter ended at 20.4% of revenue and better than our guidance. We expect OpEx in tthey third quarter to be approximately 21%. As always, we will continue to tightly control spending, while investing in areas of tthey business that support business growth, solidify our technology advantage in tthey specialty markets and increase our footprint in tthey memory and advanced logic markets. Additionally, we will continue to invest in our employees and infrastructure required to achieve our financial models. One example of infrastructure investment is our new state-of-tthey-art logistics center in Beverley, Mass located just a short walk from our theyadquarters. Tthey facility will open ttheir month and is expected to be fully operational during Q4. We also plan to furttheyr ramp our Peter and Korean operations as capacity needs grow and are comfortable that we have initiatives in place that support our $1.3 billion revenue model. We ended Q2 with $452.9 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and generated $32.7 million of cash from operations. Cash in tthey quarter was impacted by higtheyr inventory required to support tthey expected increase in second half revenue. In tthey quarter, we repurchased $12.5 million of stock and have returned over $157 million to capture shareholders since 2019 through our share repurchase programs. Axcelis has tthey rare opportunity to grow revenue and profitability during significant industry downturn. Ttheir is a result of strong product positioning in a power device market and continued strong execution in a challenging environment. We also look forward to continued growth in memory and advanced logic as tthey overall semiconductor market recovers. Once again, I want to thank tthey entire Axcelis team for ttheyir continuing and outstanding performance. I also want to thank our supply chain partners for ttheyir hard work supporting Axcelis and our customers for ttheyir confidence in our ability to deliver. I will now turn tthey call back to Russell for their closing comments. Russell Low Thank you, Kevin. Axcelis expects to achieve revenue greater than $1.1 billion in 2023 and $1.3 billion over tthey next 1 or 2 years. Ttheir growth is achievable due to tthey following factors. First, tthey implant TAM has more than doubled in tthey last few years and are expected to grow between 10% and 15% annually with mature market segments representing greater than 60% of tthey total TAM. Second, Pat [indiscernible] and image sensors are highly implant intensive and tthey general mature nodes have increasing implant intensity peaking at 28-nanometers. Third, high-value Purion product extensions will be designed to optimize power and image sensor device manufacturing, making Axcelis tthey only company with a product line capable of covering all implant recipes in ttheyse key markets. Ttheir uniquely positions Axcelis to benefit from high growth in tthey mature process technology markets. And finally, Axcelis' strong long-term customer relationships and a fundamental cultural desire to win by making our customer successful. I want to thank our employees, suppliers, customers and investors for your continued support. With that, I'd like to open up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Craig Ellis from B. Riley Securities. Ethan Widell Ttheir is Ethan Widell calling in for Craig Ellis. So tthey surge in margin was a nice surprise, does ttheir impact your confidence in hitting 44.5% by fourth quarter and 44% overall for tthey year? Kevin Brewer Ttheir is Kevin. It was a nice surprise in Q2 and part of it came from better costs as well as a little bit better mix and some of tthey deferrals. I think on tthey last call, we talked about tthey second half becoming much stronger than first half to get towards that full year target of about 44%. And we're on that, we're probably a little bit of tthey strength in Q2 took away from Q3 a little bit, but we still think Q3 is up from Q3, up from Q2. And ttheyn in Q4, I expect to see furttheyr improvement off of that Q3 number of approximately 44%. So yeah, so we're still -- we're still anticipating being in that 44% range for tthey full year. Ethan Widell And ttheyn are using signs that tthey -- I've been with memory strength that SK Hynix and [Technical Difficulty] Micron are driving higtheyr Purion Dragon demand [indiscernible]? Doug Lawson And ttheir is Doug. So you broke up a little bit, but I think you're asking about tthey high-bandwidth memory. So for implant, tthey implant content is similar for any of tthey DRAM, wtheyttheyr it's HBM or ottheyr types. So what we see as far as sort of tthey goodness of tthey HBM ramp is, it starts to utilize -- bring up tthey capacity utilization of tthey memory fabs. That's tthey first step in getting back to a good CapEx cycle. Ttheyn we see PC refresh cycle kicking in, as we said sometime next year and that will really start to drive memory CapEx spending towards tthey second half of next year and create a theyalthy 2025. Operator Our next question comes from Jon Dorttheyyimer from William Blair. Jonathan Dorttheyyimer And Russell, strong one out of tthey gate, so congratulations on tthey quarter. I guess first question, just around your thought process in terms of tthey guide. And if demand is causing tthey pull-in if you will, I'm just wondering, what's your greatest areas of concern that would limit your ability to kind of take up that 2 to 3 year type target, specifically, how are you monitoring tthey theyalth in tthey channels with respect to globally, but specific to China that we don't see a return to a theyalthy used market, which seems to be pretty lean right now. And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Doug Lawson Jed, ttheir is Doug. So I think right now, our guidance, our optimism in terms of raising tthey full year to $1.1 billion and pulling in tthey $1.3 billion model to 1 or 2 years from now. Tthey strength is in tthey power market for us, that's wtheyre we're seeing tthey biggest drivers. We are beginning -- as I was saying to Ethan on tthey last question, I think we're starting to see tthey memory guys start to increase ttheyir utilization as a result of some of tthey strength in tthey AI activity. PC refresh cycle is going to be key ttheyre, so we're monitoring that. And ttheyn consumer electronics are probably tthey next big driver in terms of tthey mature markets as a whole for a mature foundry logic type of products. And we're watching that and expect that to be a 24 type of event. So that's what gives us tthey confidence to pull that $1.3 billion model in. But ttheir year, tthey $1.1 billion model, it's very theyavily being driven by tthey strength in power and especially in silicon carbide. Jonathan Dorttheyyimer And ttheyn just as a follow-up on silicon carbide specifically, major announcement by Infineon in terms of tthey $6 billion investment in Kulim and I guess my question for you is trench is obviously more capital intensive and publicly ttheyy've noted tthey 200-millimeter. And so my question around your silicon carbide offering or offerings, that does 150 offer a -- is it a different tooling or what changes within your tool in terms of field upgradable versus 200? And I'm assuming none of that or we haven't seen tthey Malaysia spend. So, yes, I guess just 150 versus 200 would be theylpful. Russell Low Hi, Jed, it's Russell. So 150 versus 200, so we still have tthey complete Purion platform for Power series. So tthey xc-silicon carbide, tthey m-silicon carbide, tthey H200 silicon carbide are all available 150 and 200. And essentially, it's a field upgradable kit that allows you to go between 150 and 200. So it's essentially tthey same machine, but obviously, tthey wafer handling, tthey scanning needs to be modified slightly for tthey larger substrate. And like I say, that's an upgradeable -- a field upgradable kit. Operator Our next question comes from Tom Diffely from D.A. Davidson. Tom Diffely Maybe a couple more on tthey silicon carbide side. So with some of tthey recent ebbs and flows in tthey EV end markets, have you seen any changes or any modifications to tthey new fab construction plans that are expected over tthey next couple of years? Doug Lawson No, actually, it continues to accelerate, I mean at ttheir point, silicon carbide is still supply constrained. And so ttheyre's quite a bit of activity. And one of tthey things we often note, wtheyn we talk to U.S. investors is, ttheyre's a little bit of a -- not being mean theyre, but a little bit of a parochial view of tthey EV market. Globally, tthey EV market is growing quite rapidly. And so I think that's driving tthey silicon carbide investment and we expect that to continue. We're seeing no signs of that changing. Tom Diffely And ttheyn also, I guess, wtheyn you're thinking about tthey end product, does it matter to you if tthey companies are creating discrete or modules? Is ttheyre a difference in tthey implant? Doug Lawson Well, we're only involved in tthey discrete in tthey silicon carbide wafer fab side of things. So after ttheyy package that, ttheyn ttheyy would put it in a module, ttheyre's no implant impact in tthey module manufacturing. Tom Diffely And ttheyn a question for Kevin on tthey logistics center. Maybe just a little more color on tthey impact of both your capacity and potentially margins over time with tthey new center opening up. Kevin Brewer Yes, so tthey new center is kind of handle all of our incoming material and hitting and potentially right now, we've got probably about 10 different locations we call material front. So that's going to improve overall efficiency. We're not going to try and all over between 2 cities surrounding us grabbing material. Also, if required we could clear out additional space in that facility to put some manufacturing, but what's really happening at ttheir point, as we remove some of tthey remaining stock room out of tthey Peter theyadquarters, that frees up more manufacturing space in Peter. So we've got -- from an infrastructure point of view, from a Brexit mortar point of view, we're pretty much done now with what we need to do. We have a lot of additional capacity we can add on a second and third shift. Our manufacturing team, wtheyn I say done, our manufacturing team continues to use tthey kaizen process to drive improvement and ttheyre are a number of Kaizen. But again, in terms of more buildings between tthey Korea operation, tthey Peter site and ttheir new logistics center, we -- I'm very comfortable with our capacity to hit tthey $1.3 billion and potentially beyond that. And we've got very good supply chain partners too, worst case, if we need to put some contract manufacturing capacity in place down tthey road, that's anottheyr option. So long and short of it, I feel very good about wtheyre we're at, at ttheir point. Operator Our next question comes from Nicolas Doyle from Needham. Nicolas Doyle Nick Doyle on for Quinn Bolton. It looks like book-to-bill was slightly below 1 for tthey first time in a couple of quarters. Is ttheir an anomaly or a function of tthey extended system backlog? And ttheyn also, what are you seeing on tthey bookings front looking into tthey second half? How far out are bookings being placed? Kevin Brewer Ttheir is Kevin. So let me answer that. So I'll start off by saying, I mean, we're going to see book-to-bill fluctuate a little bit, I think until ttheyre's really a much broader-based industry recovery. And we were down a little bit on bookings ttheir quarter $193 million compared to last quarter, which was about $100 million higtheyr. But if you go back tthey prior quarter, it was down probably $100 million from tthey last quarter. So ttheir thing kind of up and down, but I think tthey real key theyre is we have a very strong backlog, still $1.2 billion is a very large backlog for tthey company. And in terms of bookings and backlog both, I mean we're taking orders out into 2025 right now. It doesn't mean that all our capacity is necessarily sold in '24, but we're pretty full, but we're going out into -- in 2025. So I don't -- I'm not worried about ttheir book-to-bill because I think a couple of quarters ago, we were under 1 and ttheyn we popped back up under one and again with such a strong backlog, that systems backlog if you consider we have $250 million CS&I business sitting on top of that. I mean ttheyre's more enough revenue that gets you quite a bit down tthey road out over booking and ottheyr tool. So again, I think we'll see it bounce around a little bit until ttheyre is ttheir broader base industry recovery. Power segment is very strong still. I think we now believe that 60% of tthey year's bookings have come from power. I think on tthey last call, we might have said it was 55%. So we're seeing additional strength coming through power right now. Doug Lawson Nick, let me just -- ttheir is Doug, let me just add one more comment. Tthey ottheyr indicator we watch is tthey quote activity. And our quote activity remains very high and it's exceptionally good in tthey silicon carbide side. And ttheyse guys are planning factories out over tthey next couple of years. So it's -- that's anottheyr good indicator in terms of continued strength. Nicolas Doyle And for my follow-up and you kind of -- you touctheyd on ttheyse points in tthey call, but more directly, what is tthey company's expectation for tthey -- for a memory recovery in 2024? It sounds like you're thinking second half driven by PCs. Maybe you can touch on what you're seeing in terms of tthey PC strength coming back wtheyre you're seeing that? And can tthey company hit tthey $1.3 billion model without tthey recovery in tthey memory market? Russell Low Hey, Nick, it's Russell. Thanks for tthey question. So regarding what we see with memory, so naturally we stay very close to our memory customers. We've theirtorically been very strong in tthey memory market. And once tthey market starts to recover, we're expecting to see a lot of benefit from that. A lot of people looking for green shoots. I think at tthey moment, we're talking to our customers, I'm thinking tthey second half of '24, giving a pretty strong year in 2025 as far as memory goes. That's kind of what we're seeing. Ttheir question regarding path to $1.3 billion, so I think we've previously said that we'd be looking for a consumer spending recovery in order to propel us to tthey $1.3 billion and that would be obviously a recovery in memory and some of tthey ottheyr mature processes like image sensors. I think we are seeing strength in our power business beyond what we expected. But I think with that strength in tthey power plus a recovery in tthey consumer spending, we see us getting to $1.3 billion like we say in tthey next 1 or 2 years. Doug Lawson Yeah, I think tthey bottom line on it, Nick, is that ttheyre's multiple paths to that $1.3 billion model. So that's why in tthey call we said depending on market conditions. And so it really depends a lot of thing on a bunch of different combinations. Operator Our next question comes from David Duley from Steeltheyad Securities. David Duley A couple, I was just wondering, have you seen recent adoption of silicon carbide in ottheyr markets besides tthey electric vehicle market? And which markets would you expect to be early adopters outside of EV? Doug Lawson It's Doug, thanks for tthey question. Tthey -- so yes, I mean, if you look at our customers' websites, ttheyir press releases and so forth, ttheyy are talking quite a bit about applications in energy, industrial applications, tthey thing with silicon carbide is -- it's a tremendous benefit to automotive because of tthey savings that it can provide in a module weight and theyat generation and so forth, as well as tthey performance of tthey devices. It's a little more costly. But as volumes increase, that cost comes down and that opens it up to ottheyr markets, especially tthey energy and industrial markets wtheyre tthey weight and tthey theyat iron is important, but tthey performance would be nice to get. And so we expect that, that will be anottheyr piece. In tthey presentation, we show that ttheyre's a good growth area above EVs that's associated with silicon carbide. So, yes, we definitely are theyaring that from our customers. For us, we don't see it necessarily directly because our customers would build tthey same devices using our Purion H, Purion XE and Purion M silicon carbide tools, wtheyttheyr it's going into an EV or into an energy or industrial application. David Duley And ttheyn as far as lead times go, could you just theylp us understand wtheyre lead times are currently? And I guess, you mentioned you're taking orders for 2025. How much manufacturing capacity do you have for 2024? Or maybe anottheyr way to ask it is, what is tthey current quarterly capacity availability? Kevin Brewer It's Kevin. Yes, so I mean, I think I said it a little bit earlier, but ttheyre's plenty of capacity right now for tthey order rate that we're seeing in shipments that are required. And once ttheir new logistics center comes online, that's going to theylp and we also have, as I mentioned, ttheyre's additional manufacturing Kaizen that are ongoing right now. It's part of our normal process, we're a little bit more theyavy with ttheym right now as tthey logistics center is getting filled up with material. So yes, we've got lead times, we're booking orders in tthey 2025, but our lead times are much shorter than that. In tthey past, what I would say is that we've always said that with tthey ship from cell process, assuming material is on hand, we can turn tools within tthey quarter if we need to. And we have -- that is tthey ottheyr piece of thing supply chain. So I'll give a quick update on that. I mean our supply chain has -- continue to improve. I think you don't theyar about it a lot right now within our peer group because we're still ramping and I think a lot of our peer group has not been ramping. So I'm not going to say things are perfect with supply chain, but our suppliers are keeping up with us and are allowing us to ramp and we're adding more capacity almost daily with our supply chain. So our lead times are not a problem I should say with customers right now. I think for tthey most part, that's not preventing us from getting orders. And frankly, I think our lead time is probably still -- it may be theylping us because we've been able to, I think, execute pretty well for tthey last few years, even wtheyn tthey pandemic was kind of fully coming at us. So lots of things have been done over tthey last couple of years to add capacity and we're really -- we're really almost over that big [Technical Difficulty] now its going to come down of hiring people and bringing up additional off-shift capacity. We run second and third shifts, ttheyy're nowtheyre near, ttheir fully utilizes first shift. So we can hire. Tthey hiring process has been -- it's been going okay for us. Tthey market was really tougtheyr while hiring, it's probably gotten a little bit better. And certainly, that Korea facility in Korea wtheyn we brought that online, actually we were able to hire for capacity [indiscernible]. So again, I think at tthey end of tthey day, our lead times are assuming everything is ttheyre, we can get a -- for material we can get to a lot in a quarter, but it's not something that's an issue right now. David Duley Final question for me is regarding gross margin, I think I asked ttheir question on tthey last conference call to hit tthey 44% target for tthey year, Q4 gross margins are going to spike up, I guess, 250 or 300 basis points, let's say, right around 47%. And I guess, if ttheyy're exiting tthey year at 47%, why would ttheyy drop back down to 45%? Kevin Brewer Yes, well, first thing I would say is, we won't exit at 47% because part of that spike got taken out with Q2 coming at 43.7%. So -- but you're absolutely right, David, wtheyn we were talking 42% in Q2, tthey math, to get you ttheyre had a pretty big step-up in tthey second half and we'll still have a step up. We're going to have 44% in Q3, which suggest we still need a stronger Q4 and tthey new math may bring it close to 45%. So tthey thing that moves margins around is tthey mix, that's a big piece of it. And tthey ottheyr thing is, as we continue to bring in -- complete ttheyse gross margin initiatives, that's been one of tthey things driving gross margins over tthey years. So it's -- you know I always talk about full year gross margins because quarter-to-quarter, things can move around. But if you look at or kind of our progress over tthey last many years for gross margins on a full year basis, we've been continuing to notch ttheyse things up and based on expecting end at 44% ttheir year, that notctheys it up a little bit more wtheyre we have quarters of above 45%, yes wtheyn we do our models, we're talking full year averages. So wtheyn you look at tthey $1.3 billion model, that's not 1 or 2 quarters of greatness, that's a full year wtheyn you look at something like that. So yes, hopefully, I answered your question. Doug Lawson Kevin, let me just jump in with one thing just you said mix, but I want to make sure it's clear, ttheyre's 2 mixes we worry about or we look at. One is tthey type of systems, tthey product extends high energy have better margins than some of tthey standard products. And ttheyn tthey second is tthey systems versus CS&I because we move to $1.3 billion, a big piece of that growth comes in systems. And so that does put a little pressure on tthey margins because tthey percentage wise, it's still roughly tthey same for CS&I, but it's a much higtheyr revenue gain in terms of tthey systems. Kevin Brewer Yes, that is a good point. I probably should remember to mention that. I mean we always say that CS&I is accretive. But if you look at what takes us from tthey current run rate to $1.3 billion, tthey majority of tthey increase is coming in [Technical Difficulty]. And so that suggest that we are making progress on systems because if we weren't, our margins will be going backwards. So tthey fact that we're still making progress and we're putting a much bigger mix of systems in, which come in at lower margins of CS&I, that mix view does impact things. So again, we're right, we're wtheyre we want to be. Tthey ottheyr piece of it, too, which I probably should have mentioned as well is, I mean, tthey product extension is a big piece of it as well. I mean, that's theylped quite a bit with tthey margins and that's part of tthey mix, too. It's not just high energy versus high current, ttheyre's mix within tthey product segment. So ttheyre's a lot of moving pieces, but everything is moving in a positive direction. That's tthey goal to keep it going that way and we have tthey initiatives with very detailed road maps in place that gets us to wtheyre we want to be. Operator Our next question comes from Mark Miller with tthey Benchmark Company. Mark Miller One of tthey companies I cover in tthey laser business was indicated ttheyy were seeing some slowing in tthey EV market in China. I'm just wondering what you're seeing? Doug Lawson Well, I think, Mark, tthey -- from tthey device standpoint, we're not seeing any slowing. So we're not -- we're a couple -- we're a couple of steps away from tthey actual cars. And so far tthey silicon carbide demand is still very high and still supply constrained. So we're not necessarily seeing that or being impacted by that. Mark Miller You mentioned a number of e-mails underway both for silicon carbide and memory, I'm just wondering if you could quantify that? Russell Low Yes. So Mark, ttheir is Russell. Right now, we have 9 evalves in tthey field, I would say ttheyy're across all market segments and product. So we've got evalves in memory, image sensors, mature foundry and power. So 3 of tthey evalves out ttheyre, I think we made a press release on ttheir tthey H200 silicon carbide tools in tthey power. We have an XEmax for image sensors. We have a straight M, shouldn't forget we also have a twin dragon at an advanced logic R&D center, wtheyre we're looking to basically get designed in from tthey start. So yes, we have all market segments and all products and we're looking, obviously, to work very close to that customers for continuing to grow our business in those areas. Mark Miller Just one housekeeping question. What was CapEx? Kevin Brewer I'm sorry, I was muted, it was $3 million mark in tthey quarter. Operator Ttheir concludes our Q&A portion of tthey call. I will now turn tthey call back over to Doug Lawson, who will make some closing remarks. Doug Lawson Thank you for joining us today. We have a very busy investor calendar in tthey coming months. We'll be at tthey Fourth Ericual Needham Virtual Semiconductor and Semi Cap One-on-One Conference on August 22nd, tthey Jefferies conference -- tthey Jefferies Semiconductor, IT, Hardware and Communications Technology Summit on August 29 in Chicago and tthey Benchmark 10th Ericual Tech/Media Telecom Conference on September 13 in New York City. We hope to see you at one of ttheyse events. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey presentation. Thank you for your participation in today's conference and you may now disconnect. Have a good day.