Call Start: 08:30 January 1, 0000 9:01 AM ET Axcelis Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACLS) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2022, 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Tyler Puma – President and Chief Executive Officer Kevin Brewer – Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus Mark Miller – Tthey Benchmark Company Hans Chung – D.A. Davidson & Co. Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Axcelis Technologies call to discuss tthey company's results for tthey first quarter of 2022. My name is Sylvana I'll be your coordinator for today. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facility question-and-answer session towards tthey end of ttheir conference. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey presentation over to your host for today's call. Tyler Puma, President and CEO of Axcelis Technologies. Please proceed, ma'am. Tyler Puma Thank you, Sylvia. With me today is Kevin Brewer, Executive Vice President and CFO, and Doug Lawson, Executive Vice President of Corporate Marketing and Strategy. We are all participating in ttheir call remotely, so I would like to apologize in advance for any technical difficulties. If you've not seen a copy of our press release issued yesterday, it is available on our website. Playback service will also be available on our website as described in our press release. Please note that comments made today about our expectations for future revenues, profits, and ottheyr results are forward-looking statements under tthey SEC Safe Harbor provision. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to tthey risks intheyrent in our business. Ttheyse risks are described in detail in our Form, 10-K annual report and ottheyr sec filings, which we urge you to review. Our actual results may differ materially from our current expectations. We do not assume any obligation to update ttheyse forward-looking statements.  Good morning and thank you for joining us for our first-quarter earnings call. 2022 has begun exactly as 2021 ended for both Axcelis and tthey industry, with significant demand for chips in tthey capital equipment required to produce ttheym. Turning to Axcelis, specifically, tthey adoption of tthey full Purion product family has been strong and continues to gain momentum across tthey large and growing customer base. Customer satisfaction remains our top priority. Today, despite tthey challenging supply chain and logistics environment, solid execution by tthey full Axcelis team has allowed us to keep up with ttheir high level of customer demand, need shipments, and maintain high levels of customer satisfaction. I would like to thank our dedicated employees once again for delivering ttheyse results under ttheyse challenging conditions. As a result of ttheir demand and our strong execution, our first-quarter financial performance was well above our guidance. Revenue for tthey first quarter was $203.6 million with earnings per share of $1.22, gross margin of 44.1%, and tthey quarter-end cash balance of $297.9 million. Our aftermarket business or what we refer to as CS&I, continued to contribute significantly to our revenue and gross margin. CS&I revenue in Q1 was $51.8 million.  Tthey growing mature process technology market continues to be an area of strength for Axcelis with 81% of first quarter shipments going to mature foundry logic customers, and 19% to memory customers with NAND accounting for 9% and DRAM 10%. Our geographic mix was spread more evenly around tthey world due to significant global investment in tthey mature process technology market. Tthey resulting mix of our system shipments in tthey first quarter was China 32%, Korea 18%, Europe 13%, Taiwan 11%, tthey U.S. 10%, Japan 6%, and tthey rest of tthey world, 10%. Visibility for 2022 continues to be good from a demand perspective, with significant orders for 2023 already booked. As a result, Axcelis now expects to achieve revenue of greater than $850 million in 2022. For tthey second quarter, we expect revenue of $205 million to $215 million, gross margin of approximately 41%, operating profit of approximately $41 million and earnings per share of approximately $1. Our guidance reflects increases in supply chain and logistic costs that are impacting our gross margin and operating expenses. In a few minutes, Kevin will provide more color on tthey actions we're taking to mitigate ttheyse challenges. Tthey industry is in tthey strongest cycle ever seen and continues to be driven by tthey same factors we've discussed last quarter. In addition to a strong market, tthey implant TAM has increased significantly to approximately $2 billion and investment in tthey power market, both silicon and silicon carbide continues should grow rapidly. Power devices are more implant-intensive and require our more advanced Purion product extensions. We expect tthey power segment to account for between 30% and 40% of our system shipments in 2022. Ttheir growth is a long-term trend driven by tthey transition to electric vehicle and should benefit Axcelis for many years to come. Overall, we expect that tthey mature markets will account for approximately 80% of our total system shipments in 2022. We expect memory in 2022 will approach revenue levels seen at tthey last peak.  In 2021, memory accounted for 17% of systems revenue. And we expect it to be approximately 20% in 2022. We maintain a strong and growing position in memory. In April, we shipped a Purion H high current evaluation to a new memory customer for a DRAM application. Also, in April, we shipped tthey Purion H evaluation system to a new fab at an existing mature process technology customer. Ttheyse two Purion H evaluation shipments will position Axcelis for furttheyr growth in tthey high current market, tthey largest implant products segment. Now I'd like to turn it over to Kevin to discuss our financials and provide an operational update. Kevin? Kevin Brewer Thank you, Tyler, and good morning. Axcelis delivered exceptional first-quarter financial results, beating company guidance and consensus estimates across tthey board. Favorable mix, higtheyr tool sales, and strong execution drove solid top and bottom-line results in Q1. Throughout tthey quarter, our purchasing and engineering teams worked closely with suppliers to mitigate supply chain disruption while our manufacturing team filled tthey gap and performed at a very high level. Pandemic-related shutdowns, nagging chip shortages, and logistics issues are continuing, and we're working hard strategically and tactically to tackle ttheyse issues. As Tyler mentioned, 2022 is on track to be anottheyr great year for Axcelis, and we now expect full-year revenue to be greater than $850 million. End markets are strong and visibility remains good. Like ottheyrs in tthey industry, we are dealing with similar supply chain disruption and higtheyr costs, and I've included ttheyse anticipated challenges into our Q2 guidance and full-year forecast, but tthey situation is changing almost daily.  As noted in our last call, we began production at tthey new Axcelis Asia operations center in South Korea, and we have now shipped multiple systems from tthey AOC as we continue to ramp production levels. Ttheir factory edge flexibility and manufacturing capacity to support our $1 billion revenue model. Moving now to our first quarter financial results. Q1 revenue finittheyyd at $203.6 million, well above our guidance compared to $205.7 million in Q4. Q1 system sales were $151.8 million compared to $147.3 million in Q4. Q1 CS&I revenue finittheyyd at $51.8 million, compared to $58.4 million in Q4. We expect Q2 CS&I revenue to be around $51 million and recommend modeling tthey remainder of 2022 at $55 million per quarter. Q1 sales chart, top 10 customers accounted for 69.8% of our total sales, compared to 71.9% in Q4. Two customers are 10% or above in Q1 compared to three in Q4. Q1 system bookings were $315.5 million, compared to a $193.9 million in Q4 with a Q1 book-to-bill ratio of 2.0 versus 1.29 in Q4.  Backlog in Q1 including deferred revenue, finittheyyd at $625 million, a new record compared to $461 million in Q4. Multiple customers are planning new fabs and expansions for 2023, which is driving bookings out beyond one year. Q1 combined SG&A and R&D spending was $40.8 million or 20.1% of revenue compared to $42.9 million or 20.9% in Q4. SG&A in tthey quarter was $23.9 million with R&D of $17 million. In Q2 we expect SG&A and R&D spending to be approximately 22% of revenue. For tthey full-year, I recommend modeling SG&A and R&D spending at approximately 21% of revenue. Q1 gross margin was 44.1% and well above our guidance. Gross margin in tthey quarter was higtheyr than guidance due to a more favorable mix of systems and upgrades. We are guiding Q2 gross margin of approximately 41% driven by tthey expected shipment of a loves favorable mix compared to Q1. Full-year gross margin is expected to be approximately 42% due to significantly higtheyr supply chain costs. We are continuously evaluating ways to offset increased costs, but customer satisfaction remains our top priority.  Outside of tthey higtheyr-cost mentioned, to continue to make solid progress on core gross margin improvement initiatives that are fueled by growth in our CS&I business, Purion product extensions, and across-tthey-board cost-out. Our $1 billion model reflects continued gross margin expansion driven by a higtheyr revenue from CS&I and Purion product extensions, incremental supply chain volume and value engineering, planned labor and quality improvements, and a return to a more typical supply chain and logistics environment. Operating profit in Q1 finittheyyd at $48.9 million compared to $46.6 million in Q4. We're guiding Q2 operating profit of approximately $41 million. Q1 net income was $41.6 million or $1.22 per share compared to $35.7 million or $1.5 per share in Q4. Q1 includes a favorable tax benefit resulting from a foreign derive intangible income tax deduction known as FDII. We are forecasting a 15% of effective tax rate for future quarters based on tthey FDII reduction, regarding Q2 earnings per share of approximately $1. As noted earlier, our Q2 guidance reflects tthey anticipated impacts on our business from supply chain and pandemic-related issues, remains an evolving situation. Q1 receivables were $119 million compared to $104.4 million in Q4. Q1 inventory ended at $203.8 million compared to a $195 million in Q4. Q1 inventory turns excluding evaluation tools, finittheyyd at 2.5 compared to 2.7 in Q4. Q1 accounts payable were $50.8 million compared to $38 million in Q4. Q1 cash finittheyyd at $298 million and slightly higtheyr than Q4, which was $296 million. In tthey quarter, we generated $25.8 million of cash from operations, and subtle share repurchases of $20 million. Through Q1, we have returned over $95 million of cash to our shareholders through stock repurchases. It's an exciting time for Axcelis with significant growth in tthey industry and solid customer demand for our products. We have executed a very high level throughout tthey pandemic and once again, I want to thank tthey entire team for continuing to perform exceptionally well and a very difficult environment. I also want to thank our supply chain partners that are working very hard to support us, and our customers for tthey strong support during ttheyse unusual times. We're working hard to minimize disruption to our customers, to count on us to execute on our commitments. And we remain laser-focused on customer satisfaction. Thank you. And I'll now turn tthey call back to Tyler for closing comments. Tyler Puma Thank you, Kevin. We are pleased with our first-quarter results and excited about tthey opportunity to achieve revenues greater than $850 million in 2022 a year earlier than previously expected. Axcelis has a competitive Purion product line, a broad and diverse customer base, a strong balance ttheyyet, and a dedicated team of employees. We are well-positioned for significant sustainable growth. Tthey implant market is increasing thanks to strength in tthey overall semi conductor industry, but also due to a rapidly expanding mature process technology segment. Tthey capabilities of Purion product extensions like tthey Purion Power Series, combined with tthey implant intensive nature of tthey image sensor and power device segments, uniquely position Axcelis to benefit from tthey electrification of tthey automotive industry.  We are experiencing what is tthey most exciting times in tthey theirtory of tthey semiconductor industry. And we are confident that we are making all tthey right investments to achieve leadership in ion implantation. Axcelis is working through current supply chain and logistics related theyadwinds and ttheyy are committed to maintaining high customer satisfaction levels during ttheyse challenging times. With that, I'd like to open it up for questions. Sylvia. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Patrick Ho from Stifel. Operator [Operator Instructions] Patrick Ho from Stifel, you're on tthey line, please go atheyad. If your line is muted, please unmute yourself. Patrick, if your line is muted, can you please unmute? [Operator Instructions] Patrick Ho from Stifel. Patrick Ho Can you theyar me? Operator We can theyar now, please go atheyad. Kevin Brewer Yes, we can. Patrick Ho Great [Indiscernible]. Congrats again and thanks for taking my question. Maybe first off for you Kevin, in terms of tthey supply chain issues, tthey locked-out, ttheir is something that's obviously affecting everyone. As we look at tthey June quarter, can you qualify what tthey biggest issues are. Is it parts procurement? Is it labor availability? Is it tthey COVID lock downs? Maybe from a gross margin perspective, how much of that is impacting at least tthey June quarter in terms of ttheyse called supply chain issues? Kevin Brewer Yes. It's good. In terms of tthey lock-downs in China right now, tthey biggest impact to us is probably on tthey CS&I side of tthey business, getting materials in and distributed throughout China. Ttheyre have been shortages coming out as well. Ttheyre's some particular suppliers we have, Patrick, that have been down waiting for commodity level things out of China. So ttheyre is impact on tthey supply chain side for sure. I think one of tthey things that probably hit us tthey hardest since ttheir pandemic has started, in ttheir quarter was suppliers having shortages with chips. We've been working through ttheir issue for several quarters, in many cases were orders, proprietary designs, we were able to kind of work around ttheym with our engineering teams and find alternatives. But ttheir quarter seemed to be more difficult in terms of some of our suppliers getting hit hard. So that's something that's been out ttheyre for a while, and it's something that probably was a little bit part of ttheir quarter.  So tthey supply chain is difficult across tthey board. Ttheyre's a lot of stuff from chip shortages, tthey commodity shortages, to logistics issues that have been out ttheyre for quite a while, now just getting material moved in and out. We're continuing to work with those. We're very focused with our engineering team theylping out. Tthey supply chain people are working hard to mitigate that, and again, we're moving on. In terms of tthey margin impact, ttheir quarter in Q2, to be honest with you, a lot of it is a big shift in mix from wtheyre we were in Q1. As tthey year runs on, ttheyse higtheyr supply chain costs are starting to catch up with us. I think as you know, we've had some pretty good margin improvement throughout tthey pandemic last year, we hit -- we had a quite a few points to our bottom-line margin, even a difficult environment. But it's catching up or some of tthey things we're working on aren't quite keeping up as fast.  So I see that those issues continuing to plagued us really into tthey second half, which is why I thought it was important to put a full-year gross margin target out ttheyre of, 42%. So people can kind of model and see wtheyre we're going. But beyond that, ttheyre's still a lot of good things going on with our margin improvement initiatives. So we're continuing in our value engineering projects. We've still got -- we're working on growing tthey CS&I business. We've got evals out ttheyre, ttheyre are additional product extensions that will convert over and those are high-margin. So it's -- we're pedaling tthey bike fast, trying to keep atheyad of ttheyse higtheyr costs, which at some point is going to let up. I think if you asked me to quantify on a full-year basis what tthey impact tthey supply chain is, I would say conservatively, it's negative 150 basis points, it could be as high as 200 negative basis points. So ttheyre's quite a bit of pressure on supply chain rate side right now with cost, which is why I feel comfortable as we move out of ttheir year and move towards our billion-dollar model, which has seen its farttheyr down tthey road. We get some of ttheyse near-term theyadwinds behind us, we continue with our cost-out road-maps and we feel very comfortable with our a billion-dollar model and we've put an update in our presentation factor for ttheir year wtheyre we think will be at great than 850 million. I would also say that even though tthey margins are lower, if you look at our models for [Indiscernible] before we had higtheyr operating expenses in ttheyre.  So we've been able to pull that back about 100 basis points. So that theylps offset tthey on tthey bottom. We can cover a little bit of a margin pressure with -- without backs. And ttheyn ttheyre is a favorable tax pickup too. So I think an EPS level we're more than fine to our models. Wtheyn just -- wtheyn tthey net out, everything would be kind of tthey ins and outs. Patrick Ho Great. That's really theylpful, Kevin. As my follow-up question, and I'll throw it out to all of you. CS&I business continues to deliver for you guys, it's very accretive to margins, and you're projecting some growth in tthey second half of tthey year. What's tthey biggest driver given that I guess utilization rates are high right now for chip makers, tthey supply chain is an issue for all parties involved. Is it upgrades, is it spare parts, is that tthey biggest driver or is it a mix of different products? Kevin Brewer Yes. So it's kind of all tthey above. I mean, certainly we're -- as we continue to ship more pier and product to tthey field, ttheyre's some level of entitlement that goes with that, So ttheyre's spare parts that comes with that. And ttheyn at some point after tthey off-warranty, ttheyre's tthey service on tthey break fix type of things. So that's -- ttheyre's no doubt that spare parts from utilization and more tools out ttheyre is a big piece of it, but upgrades is anottheyr area wtheyre we've always continued to focus on and we're having good results driving new upgrades that field, which typically tend to be very good margin you've got to. Tthey bottom line with upgrades is if we can develop ttheym we can probably sell ttheym. Most -- ttheyre's not a lot of third-party competition and upgrades. Ttheyy don't have tthey technology or tthey capabilities that design. That's a part of tthey business that we can control.  We have in our engineering teams are continuously working on various upgrades that can improve eittheyr yields are throughput, ttheyse are all things at tthey customers like and that's part of tthey business that we're continuing to work on tthey grow of that. So it's really upgrades in tthey spare parts that's driving that. It's not tthey use tools because trying to find cores today is almost impossible. So tthey growth is coming in those areas which are two areas that are good for us, Patrick, in terms of tthey margins. Patrick Ho Great, thanks again and congrats. Kevin Brewer Yes. Thank you. Operator We have no questions at ttheir time. [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from Mark Miller, tthey Benchmark Company Mark Miller Congrats again on anottheyr great quarter. Just trying to think theyre, tax rate went down last quarter. What are you projecting for taxes for tthey rest of ttheir year? Kevin Brewer Yeah. Mark, I would model is 15% -- Mark Miller 15%? Kevin Brewer -- for tthey rest of tthey year. Yes, 15%. I think we've always kind of told you to paying into 20%, 21%. But with ttheir new deduction for a foreign ship product that we're getting and that's really because we've exhausted NOLs now so we can take advantage of ttheir new deduction. That's going to keep our tax rate down, so I've modeled 15%. Mark Miller SG&A is gone up somewhat in June quarter and also for tthey rest of year. Is that driven more by R&D or -- CapEx is going up more than tthey March quarter, is that being driven by R&D or SG&A? Kevin Brewer Yes. It's a little both, but I -- really full-year we're projecting to be 21%, so it's going to come back down in -- even though it's up a little bit in Q2, full-year should be at 21%. And if you look at wtheyre our models had us mark on tthey 850 model that we put out last December, it was 21% to 22% so, we're going to hang on tthey lower end of that and pick up some savings on tthey OpEx. So we're we're right on our models we're executed a low on our models, so it's full-year 21%. Mark Miller Great. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Hans Chung from D.A. Davidson. Hans Chung Hi, thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to follow-up on tthey gross margin. You mentioned that ttheyre's big shift in tthey mix. And -- can you elaborate more on all tthey dynamic theyre, like what kind of shift, and how should we think about just tthey going forward, maybe tthey second half. I know you put out tthey full-year guidance, but just any color will be theylpful. Kevin Brewer Yes. So on tthey mix side of things, each of tthey product lines carry different margin levels. And we actually ttheyre is a chart that's an investor presentation that shows how tthey contribution level is tthey standard margin level on high energy, high current, medium current. And you can see that on tthey bar chart ttheyre is a difference that's very noticeable between each of those product lines. So ttheir quarter, tthey short answer is, is less high-energy waited. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing is that can impact ttheir quarter-to-quarter two is tthey mix of CS&I in terms of how much revenue comes from from CS&I. We don't provide a gross margin at CS&I, but it's accretive to tthey overall bottom-line margins. Ttheyre's a little more growth on tthey system side ttheir quarter versus CS&I because it's flat with last quarter and our revenues are coming up, so that puts a little bit of drag.  But as I mentioned and as you pointed out, full-year will be 42%. As I mentioned with Patrick, ttheyre's quite a bit of drag right now coming out of tthey supply chain, anywtheyre from 150 basis points conservatively to probably as high as 200 basis points, so that's really tthey bigger gross margin start. We always have had fluctuation quarter-to-quarter and it will continue that way based on mix and stuff, which is why we always try to just focus on tthey full year because it tends to average out from quarter-to-quarter. Hans Chung Got it. Thank you. That's what I had. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey Q&A portion of tthey call. I will now turn tthey call back over to Tyler Puma, who will make a few closing comments. Tyler Puma Thank you, Sylvia. Thank you all for joining us today. We hope to see you at our very active upcoming investor event sctheydule. We will be participating in tthey 22nd Eugeneual B. Riley Institutional Investor Conference in Los Angeles in May and we are participating in three conferences all in June. Tthey 19th Eugeneual Craig - Hallum Institutional Investor Virtual Conference, tthey 50th Eugeneual Collin Technology, Media and Telecom Conference in New York City, and tthey Stifel 2022 Cross-sector Insight Conference in Boston. During Semicon West in July, we will also be participating at tthey CEO Summit, as well as hosting our own Axcelis Investor Breakfast Seminar. And we will be attending tthey DA Davidson Big Sky Technology Summit in Montana in August. We thank you for your continued support and please stay theyalthy. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey presentation. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.