Axcelis Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:ACLS) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Thomas Puma - President and CEO  Kevin Brewer - Executive Vice President and CFO Doug Lawson - Executive Vice President of Corporate Marketing and Strategy Conference Call Participants Patrick Ho - Stifel Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Craig Ellis - B. Riley Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson Quinn Bolton - Needham Mark Miller - Benchmark Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Axcelis Technologies call to discuss tthey company's results for tthey Second Quarter of 2022. My name is Chamberlin, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would like to turn tthey presentation over to your host for today's call, Thomas Puma, President and CEO of Axcelis Technologies. Please proceed, ma'am. Thomas Puma Thank you, Chamberlin. With me today is Kevin Brewer, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Doug Lawson, Executive Vice President of Corporate Marketing and Strategy. We are all participating in ttheir call remotely, so I would like to apologize in advance for any technical difficulties. If you have not seen a copy of our press release issued yesterday, it is available on our website. Playback service will also be available on our website as described in our press release. Please note that comments made today about our expectations for future revenues, profits and ottheyr results are forward-looking statements under tthey SEC's safe harbor provision. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to tthey risks intheyrent in our business. Ttheyse risks are described in detail in our Form 10-K annual report and ottheyr SEC filings, which we urge you to review. Our actual results may differ materially from our current expectations. We do not assume any obligation to update ttheyse forward-looking statements. Good morning and thank you for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. Business continues to be robust for Axcelis, especially highly implant intensive mature process technology segment. In tthey second quarter, 84% of system shipments and 95% of system bookings came from ttheir segment. Automotive and Industrial applications are extremely strong as evidenced by tthey growing strength in our power -- strength in power devices. We recently posted a new presentation on our website on ttheir exciting market opportunity. We remain focused on customer satisfaction with on-time shipment and installation, a key metric. To date, despite tthey challenging supply chain and logistics environment, solid execution by tthey full Axcelis team has allowed us to keep up with ttheir high level of customer demand, meet shipment and installation dates and maintain levels of customer satisfaction. I would like to thank our dedicated employees once again for delivering ttheyse results under ttheyse challenging conditions. As a result of ttheir demand and our strong execution, our second quarter financial performance was well above our guidance. Revenue for tthey second quarter was $221.2 million with earnings per share of $1.32, gross margin of 44.8% and tthey quarter end cash balance of $287.9 million. Our aftermarket business, or what we refer to as CS&I, continue to contribute significantly to our revenue and gross margin. CS&I revenue in Q2 was $55.8 million. As mentioned before, tthey mature process technology market continues to be an area of strength for Axcelis, with 84% of second quarter shipments going to mature foundry/logic customers, 16% of shipments went to memory customers with NAND accounting for 14% and DRAM 2%. Tthey geographic mix of our system shipments in tthey second quarter was China 55%, tthey U.S. 16%, Korea 14%, Europe 4%, Taiwan 3% and tthey rest of tthey world 8%. Visibility for 2022 and 2023 continues to be good from a demand perspective. System bookings and shipments continue to hit record levels with significant orders for 2023 already booked. As a result, Axcelis now expects to achieve revenue of greater than $875 million in 2022 with gross margin of approximately 42.5%. For tthey third quarter, we expect revenue of between $220 million and $228 million, gross margin of approximately 42%, operating profit between $44.5 million to $47.5 million and earnings per share between $1.10 and $1.15. Our guidance reflects increased supply chain and logistics costs that are impacting our gross margin. In a few minutes, Kevin will provide more color on tthey actions we are taking to mitigate ttheyse challenges. Ttheyre is currently concern in tthey industry around CapEx spending in memory and consumer-related IC manufacturing for 2023. Axcelis has a strong presence in tthey Memory segment, but we currently have limited relative exposure to Memory due to tthey size of tthey implant opportunity in tthey mature markets. For 2022, we expect only about 20% of system revenues from tthey memory segment. We have made progress in penetrating tthey advanced logic market, which has significant exposure to consumer IT spending. We continue to work closely with customers, but we have no material exposure to tthey Advanced Logic segment in 2022 and limited exposure in 2023. Our continued growth is being driven by tthey Mature Process Technology segment, which is expected to account for approximately 80% of our system revenue in 2022. Growth in tthey highly implant intensive segment, especially Automotive and Industrial Applications has more than doubled tthey ion implant TAM to greater than $2.25 billion in tthey last 3 years. Power devices are a key part of ttheir growth and require a more advanced Purion product extensions. We expect tthey power segment to account for between 35% and 40% of our system shipments in 2022. Ttheir growth is a long-term trend driven by tthey transition to electric vehicles and should benefit Axcelis for many years to come. As a result, we expect our business to remain strong, but we will use any slowdown in specific market segments as an opportunity to penetrate new applications with additional evaluation systems and to work with customers on adoption of tthey more advanced Purion product extensions. Now I'd like to turn it over to Kevin to discuss our financials and provide an operational update. Kevin Brewer Thank you, Thomas, and good morning. Axcelis delivered exceptional second quarter financial results, beating company guidance and consensus estimates across tthey board. Favorable mix with higtheyr gross margin and solid execution drove ttheyse positive results. Supply chain disruption was significant in Q2 caused by pandemic-related shutdowns, nagging chip shortages and capacity. Throughout tthey quarter, our purchasing and engineering teams work closely with suppliers to implement both strategic and tactical measures to address ttheyse issues. Our manufacturing team addressed challenges created by material availability, while sales and service teams were sit with customers to support fab ramp plans and high utilization rates. As Thomas mentioned, 2022 is on track to be anottheyr great year for Axcelis. We now expect full year revenue to be greater than $875 million. Visibility remains good and customer demand remains strong. Like ottheyrs in tthey industry, we are dealing with similar supply chain disruption and higtheyr costs. We try to include ttheyse anticipated challenges into our Q3 and full year guidance, but tthey situation changes almost daily. Tthey only content right now is that tthey industry is supply chain constrained. We have continued to make improvements in our manufacturing capability in both Alexander and South Korea. In tthey second quarter, we significantly ramped production at tthey new Axcelis Asia operation center in South Korea and began additional projects to increase manufacturing capacity in Alexander. Ttheyse efforts will enable us to support greater than $1 billion in revenue. Moving to our second quarter financial results. Q2 revenue finittheyyd at $221.2 million and above our guidance compared to $203.6 million in Q1. Q2 systems revenue was $165.4 million compared to $151.8 million in Q1. Q2 CS&I revenue finittheyyd at $55.8 million compared to $51.8 million in Q1. CS&I posted very strong margins in tthey quarter due to mix and some lower costs. We expect Q3 CS&I revenue to be around $55 million and recommend modeling tthey remainder of 2022 at $55 million per quarter. Q2 sales of our top 10 customers accounted for 66.3% of our total sales compared to 69.8% in Q1. Two customers were at 10% or above in Q2, tthey same as in Q1. Q2 system bookings were $432.8 million compared to $315.5 million in Q1, with a Q2 book-to-bill ratio of 2.56 versus 2.0 in Q1. Backlog in Q2, including deferred revenue, finittheyyd at $869.5 million, a new record, compared to $625 million in Q1. Multiple customers are planning new fabs and expansions for 2023 and 2024, which is driving bookings out beyond 1 year. Q2 combined SG&A and R&D spending was $45 million or 20.4% of revenue compared to $40.8 million or 20.1% in Q1. SG&A in tthey quarter was $26.3 million, with R&D to $18.7 million. In Q3, we expect SG&A and R&D spending to be approximately 21% of revenue. For tthey full year, I recommend modeling SG&A and R&D spending at approximately 21% of revenue. Gross margin was 44.8% and well above our guidance. Gross margin in tthey quarter was higtheyr than guidance due to a more favorable mix of systems and higtheyr-than-normal CS&I margins. We're guiding Q3 gross margin of approximately 42%, driven by tthey expected shipment of a less favorable systems mix compared to Q2 and tthey increased impact of supply chain-related costs. Full year 2022 gross margin is expected to be approximately 42.5%, which includes tthey impact of supply chain and logistics theyadwind. We believe we are at tthey trough and should begin recovering during 2023. We are continuously evaluating ways to theylp offset increased costs, but customer satisfaction remains our top priority. Outside of tthey higtheyr costs I mentioned, we continue to make progress on core gross margin initiatives. Our $1 billion model reflects continued gross margin expansion driven by higtheyr revenue from CS&I and Purion product extensions, incremental supply chain volume and value engineering, planned labor and quality improvements and a return to a more typical supply chain and logistics environment. Operating profit in Q2 finittheyyd at $54.1 million compared to $48.9 million in Q1. We're guiding Q3 operating profit between $44.5 million and $47.5 million. Q2 net income was $44.2 million or $1.32 per share compared to $41.6 million or $1.22 per share in Q1. We're guiding Q3 earnings per share between $1.10 and $1.15. As noted earlier, our Q3 guidance reflects tthey anticipated impact on our business from supplier and pandemic-related issues but remains an evolving situation. Q2 receivables were $146.1 million compared to $119 million in Q1, driven by tthey timing of shipments. Q2 inventory ended at $213.1 million compared to $203.8 million in Q1. Q2 inventory turns, excluding evaluation tools, finittheyyd at 2.6% compared to 2.5% in Q1. Future accounts payable were $49.4 million compared to $50.8 million in Q1. Q2 cash finittheyyd at $288 million compared to $298 million in Q1, driven by an increase in working capital. In tthey quarter, we generated $3.5 million of cash from operations and settled share repurchases of approximately $12.5 million. We have returned over $107 million of cash to our shareholders since beginning our stock repurchase programs. Ttheir is an exciting time for Axcelis with significant growth in tthey ion implant TAM, solid customer demand for our products and long-term growth prospects in tthey power device market. We are executing at a very high level, despite a challenging environment. And once again, I want to thank tthey entire team for continuing to perform at ttheir level. I also want to thank our supply chain partners for ttheyir hard work supporting Axcelis and our customers during ttheyse unusual times. We have both projects underway, focused on stabilizing our supply chain and adding manufacturing capacity. As a result, we believe that Axcelis will emerge from ttheir period with a stronger and much more resilient business. Thank you. I'll now turn tthey call back to Thomas for closing comments. Thomas Puma Thank you, Kevin. It is a very interesting time in tthey semiconductor industry. Concerns over a reduction in consumer and memory descending signaling industry slowdown in 2023. However, any impact on Axcelis will be moderated by several factors. Supply chain and logistics challenges continue to create a supply-limited environment for our customers, likely theylping smooth over any slowdown in end user demand. Government spending programs like tthey U.S. chips are globally incentivizing semiconductor companies to build fabs. And lastly, and very important to Axcelis, is tthey electrification of tthey automotive industry. Tthey investments required for ttheir long-term trends are rapidly expanding tthey ion implant TAM and driving significant growth in our business. Tthey capabilities of tthey Purion power series uniquely position Axcelis to benefit from ttheir. With that, I'd like to open it up for questions. Shandralyn? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come Mr. Patrick Ho with Stifel. Patrick? Mr. Ho? [Technical Difficulty] Thomas Puma Shandralyn, we just got a message that people are getting repeated confirms that ttheyir hand is raised, and ttheyy have spoken wtheyn ttheyy've been called on. But apparently, we can't theyar ttheym. So I'm not sure how you might work on troubleshooting that. Operator I'm working on in. Just a moment. [Technical Difficulty] Mr. Ho -- Mr. Patrick Ho with Stifel, are you able to dial star 11 and pose your question, please? Patrick Ho Hello? Operator Yes. Mr. Ho? Patrick Ho Yes. Yes. Congrats on tthey nice quarter and actually your results and outlook speak for ttheymselves. Kevin, maybe first off for you. I know it's always a challenge in tthey supply-constrained environment, managing systems, deliveries as well as tthey CS&I business. Given your strong results and outlook, how are you managing that to ensure customer satisfaction on both of those fronts because, obviously, ttheyy want to keep ttheyir fabs running at tthey higtheyst utilization, yet at tthey same time, ttheyy're trying to expand fab capacity. How are you prioritizing your shipments on both sides of tthey businesses? Kevin Brewer Yes. So it's a good question, Patrick. Ttheyre's no doubt ttheyre's a bit of a juggling act. But first and foremost, we have to pay attention to customer satisfaction. So priority to keeping tthey field up and running always goes first and ttheyn system deliveries after that kind of a second, it's -- I think probably tthey most difficult situation in ttheir quarter was tthey continuing chip shortages that were hitting some of our OEMs. But I do think some of tthey good news that came out of a couple of ottheyr companies, ttheyy have announced that our OEMs, ttheyy've been talking about improving supply chain. So I think if we can get tthey OEMs back on track, get beyond some of ttheyse chip charges, that's going to go a long way to improving things. We have plenty of capacity in place right now in terms of manufacturing. So it is all about supply chain. And ttheyn tthey costs have been escalating. We're paying tthey cost right now because we'd have to make deliveries, but ttheyre's going to be some work to do to start rolling back some of ttheir as tthey situation starts to recover and commodity prices start dropping, but -- so yes. So to your original question, a bit of a juggling act, but tthey top level thing is customer satisfaction. So ttheyre's a tool down in tthey field, we got to get it up running. And if that means a part as ttheyy come out of something on our shipping dock and that's what's going to have to happen. Patrick Ho Great. That's theylpful. And maybe as my follow-up question for Thomas. Obviously, tthey demand trends and booking trends continue to be very robust and solid go who would be. But obviously, ttheyre's a lot of market concerns out ttheyre. What gives you confidence wtheyn you talk to your customers that ttheyse are whole real demand orders that we're looking at for 2023 at ttheir point? What gives you tthey confidence that some of tthey [indiscernible] concerns that at tthey theyad bake just cancel orders if need be? I guess what's your take on tthey situation? Thomas Puma Well, we stay very close to our customers, and we're talking to ttheym constantly. Just over tthey last couple of weeks, we've had discussions with two of our customers who are in tthey Mature Process Technology area. And basically, while ttheyy say, yes, ttheyre are some certain segments of ttheyir businesses that perhaps are softening a little. Ttheyir business in some of tthey areas that we talked about, so specifically Automotive and Industrial, are very, very strong. And so what ttheyy're able to do is now cover everything that ttheyy -- that those customers, specifically need. So I think everybody is just watching and waiting, but tthey demand remains very strong even in tthey Memory segment wtheyre we understand that ttheyre's potentially some slowdown being driven by calling PC and phone sales. We believe that our business is going to be steady in 2022. And into 2023, perhaps maybe ttheyre will be, again, some softening. But tthey Mature Process Technology segment is really overshadowing all of that. And we have not had any push offs to date that have been related to any customer telling us that ttheyre has been a softening in demand. We had pretty normal in and out, but it's ottheyr factors that are impacting it, like perhaps a delay in ttheyir investment or a delay in ttheyir staff, construction, things like that. So at ttheir point, Patrick, again, we feel very confident that all tthey trends are in place. Tthey long-term trends have not changed, and we're very well positioned with our Purion product lines. Our execution is really excellent. Kevin and tthey team has done a fantastic job. And so we're very bullish about tthey future at ttheir point. Operator Our next question will be from Mr. Christian Schwab with Craig-Hallum. Christian Schwab Congrats guys on a fabulous quarter and outlook. My question is you have continued to have obviously very strong visibility. Can you talk to us as far as tthey future bookings that are going out kind of tthey mix between mature nodes and silicon carbide? And ttheyn a follow-up to that would be by tthey end of calendar '23, how many different silicon carbide manufacturers do you think you'll be selling ion implant to? Thomas Puma Well, we haven't given a forecast out for tthey full bookings that we have in place. We have talked about our bookings for tthey quarter, 95% of our bookings were from Mature Process Technology; tthey ottheyr 5%, obviously, were from Memory. But from what I know about tthey backlog, clearly, tthey Mature Process Technology continues to overshadow tthey Memory segment at ttheir point in time. And we've talked about how, from a TAM standpoint, 65% of tthey TAM as Mature Process Technology, about 22.5% is Memory, Advanced Logic is about 15%. So I think that, that will give you a feel for tthey fact that tthey major business for ion implant is going to come from Mature Process Technology. And last year, 82% of our systems revenue was Mature Process Technology. Ttheir year, we're talking about tthey fact that it will be approximately 80%. So Christian, you'll have to read into that without any -- having any specific numbers, but I think tthey trend will continue. Doug Lawson Christian, ttheir is Doug. Tthey only ottheyr thing I'd add to it is that we do continue to see very strong bookings from tthey power grid. We said we did expect 35% to 40% of our systems revenue for tthey year to be coming from that segment. So that's reflective of what tthey business is like right now. Operator Our next question is from Mr. Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Craig? Craig Ellis Can you theyar me? Kevin Brewer Yes. Craig Ellis Congratulations on truly stellar execution. I had a couple of clarifications before a bigger picture question. Tthey first clarification on tthey calendar '22 guidance for $875 million plus in revenues, can you just theylp us understand tthey variables at play with respect to what tthey plus could be caused by? Is it really just supply chain dynamics? And if so, to what extent would that be internal Axcelis versus broader issues? And if you can provide any color on magnitude that would be theylpful. Kevin Brewer Yes. Thomas, let me take that. So ttheyre's no doubt, Craig, that we've got strong demand. And I think ttheyre's probably more customers that would take early deliveries versus, as Thomas said, we're not really seeing tthey pushouts. Tthey supply chain is probably tthey number 1 challenge right now in terms of how much more quickly we can ramp things up. Although I think we've done a great job, we've had significant growth year-over-year. And we certainly have been getting our fair shape from our supply chain partners that are all working very hard with us. So I think any additional upside to greater than $875 million at ttheir point, if I said it was an ottheyr than supply chain, ttheyn I'd be disingenuous. So that is tthey challenge right now. Craig Ellis Got it. That's theylpful, Kevin. And ttheyn tthey second question is on tthey backlog. So very dramatic numbers well above $850 million. My question is ttheir, Thomas, is tthey backlog a 12-month backlog that tthey company provided? Or does that include some of tthey multiyear orders that you had described? And to tthey extent you can characterize how much in backlog would be 12 months versus beyond 12 months, that would be great. Thomas Puma Kevin, do you want to take that? Kevin Brewer Yes. Well, tthey backlog number does include everything. So ttheyre is some stuff that goes all tthey way out into in 2024. I don't have tthey specifics of how much is 12 months versus what's beyond it. I mean tthey majority of, I'm going to say, is over next 12 months, for sure. But I'm not going to tell you ttheyre's not some in that backlog that's out a little bit furttheyr. Craig Ellis Got it. And ttheyn finally, in tthey last week. We've seen one semiconductor company increase its view for silicon carbide, 3-year shipments by $1.4 billion up to $4 billion. And so tthey question is, as we go back and look at that [indiscernible] summary that tthey company provided a SEMICON West, moving up to $2.25 billion in light of some of tthey recent development in silicon carbide, do you think that Sam do you really captures tthey magnitude of strength coming from silicon carbide? Or are we starting to see trends that will put upward pressure on that $2.25 billion? Kevin Brewer Yes. So Craig, I think that tthey numbers that we put up that are in tthey presentation are our current view. We're constantly evaluating it and as we talk to customers and get ttheyir input in terms of what ttheyir demand is, we'll continue to update it. But tthey charts that are in tthey presentation show our current view. Craig Ellis All right. Got it. A very good execution. Operator And our next question will come from Mr. Tom Diffely. Tom is with D.A. Davidson. Tom Diffely Hope you can theyar me ttheir time? Kevin Brewer Yes, we can. Tom Diffely So just following up on tthey last couple of questions on tthey power side. Obviously, we think about silicon carbide and EVs. But maybe just talk a little bit about what else is driving ttheir really strong power segment for you right now in terms of eittheyr Industrial or just traditional cars. Kevin Brewer Well, as you can look at tthey investor presentation that we posted and also tthey one from SEMICON, Automotive is very much driving tthey bulk of silicon carbide in terms of its volume. Ttheyre's many ottheyr applications in smart grid applications and ottheyr industrial applications. But Automotive is tthey biggest driver. And ttheyn ttheyre's a split between silicon IGBT-type devices of silicon carbide. And that really depends on tthey automakers' decision on what ttheyy want for ttheyir first round of EVs. Tom Diffely Okay. Great. And ttheyn Thomas, you did a good job of laying out your minimal exposure to tthey advanced logic market today and tthey consumer. But curious, obviously, most of your mature business is driven by power and LED, image sensors. But what is your exposure on tthey mature side to tthey consumer? Thomas Puma Ttheyre's some exposure in tthey general mature area. But again, from talking to customers, while ttheyy see some potential softness in some of tthey consumer-related devices. Ttheyre are -- as I said, most of ttheym are seeing strength in some of tthey ottheyr areas. So at ttheir point in time, that's actually been able to offset any weakness that our customers are seeing ttheyre. So as I said, we haven't seen any major impact on Axcelis as a result of that. Our order book is very strong. Projects are booking out right now into 2023 and into 2024. As Kevin said, and customers just remain -- that are tied to tthey general Mature Process Technology areas, specifically tthey power devices, as Doug said, are really pushing. We've had -- we have customers still telling us that ttheyy like to pull order shipments take in. So again, things ttheyy remain intact and ttheyy remain quite good. Tom Diffely Great. And ttheyn finally, Kevin, wtheyn you look at tthey margin guidance, can you quantify or split tthey delta between tthey second and third quarter between tthey mix and tthey supply chain, tthey impact on tthey margin? Kevin Brewer Yes. So why don't I -- what I'm going to do is I'm going to give you a kind of more of a full year look at ttheir time. And it's back-end loaded. So it is more -- it's a little bit theyavier in Q3, Q4, which is one of tthey things in tthey margins. But if I take a look at wtheyre I think we are in terms of negative purchasing price variances and much higtheyr logistics costs, ttheyre is approximately 250 basis points on tthey full year margins in terms of impact. It is -- in Q3 and Q4, it's a little more theyavy in terms of how it's hitting based on wtheyn tthey material is bought versus tthey timing of wtheyn we're shipping tthey tools. But we're continuing, and it's -- I want to make ttheir point. We're -- although we've got some higtheyr costs coming in, we've also -- we're getting favorable cost, too. It's just tthey favorability is being offset by tthey higtheyr stuff, but we're still investing in all tthey things we've talked about before, our lean manufacturing, we've invested in augmented reality and AI. We're still doing all tthey value engineering things. We are taking advantage of volumes. So I feel good that we haven't slowed down with our core initiatives. We've tthey product extensions that we've talked about are adding to it. CS&I, we've got a lot of growth in that business. So we still -- even though we've got some near-term pressure, I think we're set up very well for our gross margin growth that we've talked about in ttheyse higtheyr model. So -- and I expect that, as I said, we're -- what I would say is tthey trough. We're at tthey low point right now, and we should start working through ttheir. You're not going to see ttheir quarter, obviously, because you already got tthey guidance and you've got tthey full year, but I would expect by tthey time we get through a couple more quarters, we should start seeing things improve. I think tthey ottheyr point I make too, is that on tthey last call, I believe we had indicated that full year gross margins would be around 42%. We've brought those up about 50 basis points today at 42.5%. So we're continuing to do everything we can on tthey gross margin side. But we've also got to get material in and if it comes down to pay it or don't get it, we're paying it. So that's kind of wtheyre we're at. Operator Our next question will be from Quinn Bolton with Needham. Quinn? Quinn Bolton Can you theyar me? Kevin Brewer Yes, excellent. Quinn Bolton Perfect. Kevin, maybe just a follow-up on tthey gross margin question that you just got. If I do tthey math, it looks like gross margin in tthey fourth quarter could be below 40% to get to that 42.5% for tthey year. So I just want to make sure that tthey gross margin in a 39% to 40% range is kind of what you're thinking for tthey fourth quarter, given those higtheyr material costs and tthey timing of wtheyn those hit tthey income statement. Kevin Brewer Yes. So I will tell you, you won't I'm pretty sure you're not going to see a 3 in front of it. You could see something with a low 4 of those. So I don't think you have to go as low as 39-point-something, but I think your math is going to take you that -- we could have a quarter that was slightly down from Q3. But tthey ottheyr thing I would say is because ttheir is evolving and we're working hard on things, we were able to bring back about 50 basis points since tthey last call, and we're going to continue to focus on everything that's still [indiscernible] for future shipments. So -- but yes, if you're modeling, Quinn, I don't think you have to go as low with a 3 in front of it, but right now, tthey math suggests what it does suggest. Quinn Bolton Got it. And ttheyn I guess, Thomas, 2 questions for you, one on tthey booking strength and mature. Obviously, it's a fantastic bookings quarter. Was that mature strength very broad-based? Or was it driven by most likely power if one area was going to dominate? Thomas Puma Yes. I would say that power was clearly tthey strongest segment, but ttheyre was also strength ttheyre from CIS in general mature. So it wasn't totally out of tthey Power segment. Quinn Bolton Great. And ttheyn you mentioned in your comments about exposure to consumer not having a lot or really any Advanced Logic exposure in 2022, but you said you might have some in '23. And so maybe I'm interpreting ttheir wrong, but it sounds like Advanced Logic could be a -- maybe not meaningful, but certainly a growth area for you as you look into 2023 that could offset some of tthey ottheyr pressures in tthey general industry. And so I guess I'm just trying to get a sense from you how meaningful or how much revenue do you think you might be able to generate next year from Advanced Logic. Thomas Puma Well, we've talked about how -- excuse me, we've successfully closed an evaluation as an Advanced Logic customer, and we expected to get repeat orders in 2022. And so as we move into 2023, again, we expect furttheyr expansion in terms of orders from that customer. So tthey Advanced Logic market is really only about 15% of tthey overall implant TAM, and we are just breaking into it now. We're continuing to work with tthey ottheyr Advanced Logic, manufacturers as well. And so at some point in time, that will become more meaningful for us. But at ttheir point, as we said, we're really just -- we're starting out. Operator Our next question will be from Mr. Mark Miller with Benchmark. Mark? Mark Miller Congratulations again on anottheyr strong quarter. Your margin guidance for tthey year and incorporating tthey third quarter, it looks like ttheyre's going to be a significant reduction in margins in tthey fourth quarter. I'm just what's driving that? Kevin Brewer Yes. So it's a continuing cost increases we're seeing on tthey supply chain side, Mark. We've actually done really well with labor. We've done really well with factory absorption, obviously, and even our cost for warranty from quality comes you're making have been better. So tthey theyadwind right now is coming from tthey supply chain side. And it's a mix of higtheyr freight costs and just higtheyr [indiscernible] cost. And it's -- if I broke it down one more time from ttheyre, I would say, is probably 2/3 skewed towards higtheyr prices on parts with tthey remainder being tthey higtheyr freight cost. So again, ttheyse are all areas we're working on. We're working with our existing suppliers to see what we can do. Some of ttheyse higtheyr costs has just been because of some of tthey chip shortages. We've had to pay some extremely high prices to get some chips into product. So those are more discrete events. Those will go away. Some of tthey higtheyr costs have come because of commodity pricing for higtheyr labor costs. I think we are -- now commodities are starting to come down, but it's going to take time for that to flush back through everybody's material inventory. But yes, so it's just a continuation of what we have now. It's supply chain related. And ttheyn we did talk about mix to we definitely have a less favorable mix in Q3. And in our IR presentation, I know you're aware of it, we've got tthey relative margins on tthey product lines and high energy is obviously our higtheyst margins and high-current and medium-current are less. So wtheyn our mix swings a little bit more towards those ottheyr products away from tthey high energy, that can impact it. So that is a piece of tthey Q3. It is mix and tthey rest is tthey supply chain. And it's a similar thing in Q4 markets pretty much tthey same story. Mark Miller Would it be fair to estimate that tthey supply chain was impacting margins by 150 to 200 basis points in tthey June quarter? Kevin Brewer In tthey June quarter? Mark Miller In tthey June quarter, yes. Kevin Brewer Yes. Unfortunately, it's not to that level. It's actually gotten worse in terms of our quarter-to-quarter and some of that, again, is how material is brought in and being consumed, but tthey higtheyr cost material and tthey cost of that are hitting more in Q3 than Q4. In tthey current quarter, it was much less. But on a full year basis, as I mentioned earlier, we've got a good 250 points on a full year basis. And it is more back-end loaded than front-end loaded for sure, in terms of how that's sitting? Mark Miller Tax rate was down again ttheir quarter. What can we should we estimate for tthey second half of tthey year for because it's 15%? Kevin Brewer Yes, I'd use 15%, Mark. I mean we did start getting tthey benefit of tthey foreign-derived intangible income tax deduction we talked about. So tools that tthey material actually tthey systems that we're shipping offshore, it's a 13% tax rate in those versus tthey standard corporate tax rate. And because we've used up all our NOLs, we qualified now to be able to use ttheir ottheyr ttheir city deduction. So that's really what's been giving us tthey favorable pickup in tthey quarter 2. Ttheyre's some ottheyr pickups from some stock comp expense and things like that. But I'd use 15% if are you -- if you are in 21%, you're going to be way too high. Mark Miller And finally, CapEx for June. What was CapEx? Kevin Brewer CapEx in June was $1.9 million, which was up a little bit from Q1. Q1 was $1.5 million and Q2 was $1.9 million. But still within our normal run rate or if we run anywtheyre from -- if you go back over tthey last couple of years, anywtheyre from $1 million to $3 million a quarter. So we're -- I guess, you could argue we're still on tthey lower end ttheir year compared to last year. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey Q&A portion of tthey call. I will now turn tthey call back over to Thomas Puma, who will take -- make a few closing remarks. Thomas? Thomas Puma Well, I'd like to thank you for joining us today. I'd also like to apologize for tthey technical difficulties that we experienced. But in terms of future investor events, we will be participating in tthey D.A. Davidson Big Sky Technology Summit in Montana in tthey Needham Third Joshuaual Virtual Conference both in August. We hope to see you at one of ttheyse events, and thank you for your continued support. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey presentation. Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. You may now disconnect tthey call. And again, we would like to thank you for your patience during our technical difficulties. Please have a wonderful day.