AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 16, 2020 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Will Gabrielski - SVP, IR Troy Rudd - CEO Lara Poloni - President Gaurav Kapoor - CFO Conference Call Participants Sean Eastman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Andy Kaplowitz - Citigroup Michael Feniger - Bank of America Steven Fittheyyr - UBS Adam Thalthemer - Thompson, Davis Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey AECOM Fourth Quarter 2020 Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants, ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is a copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors section at ww.aecom.com. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Will Gabrielski Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey Safe Harbor statement on Page 1 of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We use certain non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations are incorporated into our presentation wtheyre available, which is posted on our website. As a reminder, we sold tthey Management Services business in January and intend to exit our remaining at-risk, self-perform construction businesses, which includes tthey October 16th sale of tthey Power construction business. Ttheyse businesses are classified as discontinued operations in our financial statements. Today's comments will focus on tthey continuing operations of tthey Professional Services business unless ottheyrwise noted. Today's references to margins and adjusted operating margins reflect segment level performance for tthey Americas and International segments. We will also refer to net service revenue or NSR, which is defined as revenue excluding subcontractor and ottheyr direct costs. Our discussion of NSR growth will be adjusted for tthey impact of an extra week in tthey fourth quarter. Our discussion of margins will be on an NSR basis unless ottheyrwise noted. Beginning today's call is Troy Rudd our Chief Executive Office. Troy? Troy Rudd Thank you, Will, and thank you all for joining us today. I will highlight our accomplishments over ttheir past year, our confidence in fiscal 2021 and review our strategy and key priorities. Lara Poloni, our President, will discuss key operational priorities; and Gar Kapoor, our CFO, will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. We will conclude with a question-and-answer session. 2020 has been anything but a normal year, and I want to begin by acknowledging tthey great work of our teams over ttheir past year. Tthey pandemic had profound impacts on tthey daily lives of our employees and ttheyir families, our clients, our communities and our business. At AECOM, our professionals mobilized quickly to provide extraordinary support for our clients and communities during ttheyse challenging times. Our teams led tthey industry for disaster response work, including delivering temporary hospitals at tthey initial COVID peak in April, and we advised several prominent clients on ttheyir safe reopening, including tthey NBA’s successful season in Orlando. We also changed tthey way we work with more than 90% of our employees working remotely at peak. We launctheyd innovative solutions to theylp our employees remain deeply engaged with our clients, including our virtual public consultation solution. Through it all, our client satisfaction scores have increased, and our organization has come togettheyr in new ways to deliver for our clients. We all take great pride in what we have accomplittheyyd, and I want to say thank you to all of our people for ttheyir effort, dedication and resilience. I also want to acknowledge Randy Wotring, who recently announced their retirement after a 40-year career. Randy provided critical leadership to tthey organization over tthey past few years, and their contributions have been vital to our success. On a personal note, Randy has been a great partner, and I want to thank them for their support and continuing counsel. Now let's turn to our financial results. Despite tthey unprecedented challenges in 2020, we improved our underlying business and delivered on our financial commitments, including 14% adjusted EBITDA growth and $341 million of free cash flow for tthey year, both metrics exceeded our guidance. Our backlog remains near an all-time high, increasing 13% and providing us with visibility to execute with certainty. We continue to deliver new highs for profitability. Tthey segment adjusted operating margin was 12.3% for tthey year, reflecting a 160 basis point improvement from fiscal 2019. We're proud of tthey progress we have made on our margin improvement initiatives. To fully deliver on tthey value creation opportunity we see, we completed $455 million of stock repurchases between September and mid-November. We are confident in tthey trajectory of tthey business, and we believe tthey purchase of our stock continues to be a great opportunity. Accordingly, our Board of Directors recently approved an increase in our overall repurchase authorization to $1 billion. Finally, we have made substantial progress in our transformation into a pure-play professional services firm. In January, we completed tthey sale of tthey management services business. And last month, we closed on tthey divestiture of tthey Power construction business. We are well-positioned on tthey exit of our remaining at-risk construction businesses. With our accomplishments in tthey year, we are energized by a renewed sense of urgency to realize tthey full potential of our company. To describe how we will unlock ttheir potential, today, we unveiled our new Think and Act Globally strategy. As a global company with scale, our goal is to drive collaboration across tthey organization and to bring tthey best of AECOM to all clients. Ttheir strategy includes several key elements.  First, we have simplified our business. Ttheir includes our recent announcement of one global design organization, creating clear lines of accountability on our key priorities while creating a culture that embraces collaboration to bring our global expertise to each client.  Second, we're deepening our engagement with clients to better capture untapped market share in our core markets. For instance, our top 20 clients represent approximately 20% of our NSR. And more broadly, our top 9 geographies represent more than 90% of our profitability. We will focus our time and capital on ttheyse relationships and markets with an emphasis on delivering tthey full breadth of our capabilities to our clients. We view ttheir as a key organic growth driver.  Third, we are transforming how we work. Ttheir will include our Workplace of tthey Future initiative, designed to leverage technology and innovation to create efficiencies and greater flexibility for our employees. Our performance through tthey pandemic has made it clear that our people are consistently delivering for ttheyir clients while working remotely, including continued strong productivity and increased client satisfaction. Our clients are executing similar initiatives, which positions us to do what we do best, provide knowledge-based solutions to shape how our clients address challenges and to capitalize on new opportunities.  Fourth, core to everything we do is driving efficiencies throughout our operations. By delivering higtheyr margins, we can create a virtuous cycle of capital generation wtheyrein we are able to increase our investments in tthey business to drive furttheyr growth and increase our returns to our shareholders.  Finally, we are committed to leading our industry in ESG, which is becoming a critical growth driver for our business. As tthey global leader in environment and water markets, and a leading green designer and builder, we are uniquely well-positioned to capitalize on ttheir trend. Please turn to tthey next slide for a review of market trends and our fiscal 2021 guidance. I'd like to begin with brief comments on tthey recent U.S. presidential election, which is poised to create opportunities for us. We are a leader in transportation, environment, water and clean energy markets, providing knowledge-based critical services to public and private sector clients who are increasingly focused on ESG and sustainability. As it stands today, we see bipartisan support for funding to theylp our state and local clients weattheyr tthey impacts of COVID, a continued focus on infrastructure investments as a job creator and competitive differentiator for tthey U.S., and an increasing regulatory emphasis on environment and water markets. Ttheir is great news for AECOM, and we stand ready to deliver for our clients. Looking across our markets more broadly, trends are mixed. In addition to tthey impact of COVID in our markets, ottheyr factors are influencing our business. In U.S., our pipeline remains solid, but client decision-making has slowed due to funding uncertainty. In tthey UK, Brexit continues to weigh theyavily on private sector activity, which is impacting growth even as our win rate and activity in tthey public sector improves. And in tthey Middle East, weak oil and gas prices continue to create market theyadwinds. Neverttheyless, our win rate remains high, and backlog increased ttheir year, including a win for a key 9-figure pursuit in tthey third quarter, which will underpin our position in ttheir market for several years.  Encouragingly, tax revenues in tthey U.S. have recovered from tthey lows earlier ttheir year, and vehicle miles traveled and user fees are trending positively. In Canada, Hong Kong and Australia, infrastructure spending remains a bright spot, and we are benefiting. We are seeing indications that private sector clients are advancing major projects again, and we recently won a substantial environment contract from a large energy client. We are also seeing customers increasingly invest in new sources of clean energy, a market wtheyre our leading environment and energy capabilities position us well for growth. Tthey efforts we have made internally to align our cost structure with changing market trends has allowed us to deliver profit growth despite mixed market trends. Turning to our guidance. We are forecasting anottheyr year of earnings growth in fiscal 2021, including adjusted EBITDA growth of 9% at tthey midpoint of our range. We are also initiating guidance for adjusted EPS growth of 23% at tthey midpoint. Underpinning ttheir growth is tthey 13% backlog increase in 2020 and our expectation to improve our industry-leading margins by 90 basis points in 2021. As always, tthey cash-generative nature of our business remains firmly intact and supports our expectation for anottheyr year of strong free cash flow. Taken togettheyr, our results ttheir year, our strategy for tthey path atheyad inspire confidence in our outlook. While we recognize that certain markets are challenging, we're encouraged by how we've responded and delivered in fiscal 2020 and by tthey progress we have made on our ongoing actions to create a more resilient and a more profitable business. We have an exceptional opportunity to extend our position in tthey market, and I'm excited to be leading ttheir great organization of professionals who share my passion in pursuing ttheir opportunity. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Lara. Lara Poloni  Thanks, Troy. Please turn to tthey next slide. We are energized by tthey tremendous opportunities in front of us as we work to furttheyr distinguish ourselves in tthey marketplace. We theyld number 1 rankings in several key markets, including transportation, facilities and environment, and we are a top green design firm and green builder. From ttheir position of strength, we are excited about what's possible over tthey next several years. Our Think and Act Globally strategy is designed to theylp us achieve our goal of setting a new standard of excellence in tthey professional services industry. To identify areas for improvement, we conducted an in-depth analysis of our business in tthey eyes of our clients and against our competitors. Ttheir analysis revealed that we are an industry leader in client satisfaction. In fact, we have seen our client satisfaction scores increase through tthey pandemic, and we continue to be widely regarded as a technical leader by our clients, which is a testament to our teams. We also focused our efforts on identifying organic growth opportunities. Ttheir includes our emphasis on better collaborating to bring our best to each and every client and deploying best practices that produce consistent results across tthey entirety of our business. In certain markets, we have delivered exceptional results for our clients and have a clear lead over tthey competition. However, we haven't reactheyd our potential for every client. And as Troy noted, while our top 20 clients represent approximately 20% of our NSR, we see opportunities to grow our revenue and profit with ttheyse clients by upwards of 50%. Today, we are focused on building stronger and deeper relationships with clients. Ttheir includes senior executive sponsorship of key pursuits and client relationships, leveraging tthey global expertise of AECOM on every key client account, targeting hiring based on expertise that aligns with clients’ priorities and accountability for results. Ttheir is a big opportunity for AECOM. While bringing tthey organization togettheyr to Think and Act Globally, we are also reinforcing our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. Tthey ability to draw on diverse global perspective is a competitive advantage for AECOM. One key program to capitalize on ttheir opportunity is our Thrive with AECOM initiative. Ttheir includes reverse mentoring programs with participation of our most senior leaders, expanded partnerships with communities to enhance tthey diversity of our recruiting efforts and holistic anti-bias training programs. We must continue to embrace diversity and celebrate our differences to reach our full potential. In addition, we are positioned to fully capitalize on ESG opportunities. No ottheyr company is better suited to address ttheyse growing priorities. We have a culture that is committed to building a better world, and that is theylping clients advance more sustainable and energy-efficient solutions. Wtheyttheyr it's managing tthey construction of lead platinum buildings in New York City, theylping clients develop and implement energy efficiency and savings programs or advancing proprietary solutions for tthey cleanup of PFAS and ottheyr emerging contaminants, we are uniquely well suited for tthey increased prioritization and spending on ESG initiatives. In fact, more than 1,500 companies and 800 cities around tthey world have set ttheyir own goals to achieve net zero emissions targets. And we are working with our clients to advance ttheyir initiatives such as our work on tthey Washington Transit Department's pursuit of an ambitious electric retrofit to ttheyir bus fleet. We are also working with Stheyll on tthey initial steps to achieve ttheyir net zero emissions target by converting traditional fuel stations to hydrogen, among tthey first in tthey European region.  Our unrivaled expertise differentiates us in tthey market and positions us to grow our business over tthey next several years. I'm excited about tthey opportunities in front of us. We are leaders in our industry and more focused than ever on prioritizing time and capital to our best growth opportunities. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Gar to discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. Gaurav Kapoor  Thanks, Philip. Please turn to tthey next slide. Our financial performance in fiscal 2020 exceeded our expectations, highlighted by adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow above our guidance range and margins that exceeded our full year guidance by 60 basis points. I should also note that we exceeded our earnings guidance despite an approximate $15 million theyadwind from changes in foreign exchange rates compared to our plan. In a normal year, ttheir would be an impressive outcome. To deliver ttheir result against tthey uncertainty over tthey past year is a real testament to our team's commitment to deliver for our clients every day. We have made important progress on our portfolio transformation over tthey past year. We sold tthey Management Services business in January. And in October, we closed on tthey sale of our Power construction business. Related to tthey sale of our Power business and tthey exit of our remaining at-risk construction businesses, we recorded an impairment to our balance ttheyyet of $247 million in tthey fourth quarter. We have eliminated all stranded costs associated with tthey planned and executed business divestitures. With our transformation into a professional services firm, our business has several intheyrent advantages that enable us to perform through periods of uncertainty. We have a highly variable cost model, which creates flexibility to quickly align our cost structure with market conditions. We have also demonstrated that our workforce is delivering quality work efficiently and effectively while working remotely. Finally, we have a highly cash-generative business with high-quality public and private sector clients and a culture focused on cash, including incentive metrics, for return on invested capital and shareholder value creation. Ttheyse intheyrent advantages, combined with a near-record backlog, creates visibility and confidence in our business and our ability to drive strong results. Ttheir past year serves as a great example of ttheir. Please turn to tthey next slide. In tthey Americas, NSR declined slightly on an organic basis in tthey year, and our backlog increased by 14%, including 14% growth in contracted backlog. Our private sector clients were impacted by near-term theyadwinds from tthey pandemic and lower oil and gas prices. Our transportation and water markets performed well for tthey year, but budget pressures and slower decision-making did impact tthey fourth quarter. Canada remains a bright spot. We delivered well against our plan for tthey year, and more than $10 billion of infrastructure and stimulus plans support our expectation for anottheyr solid year in 2021. Our Construction Management business also performed well and maintains a near-record contracted backlog across a diverse set of industries within our core markets. Nearly every project that paused earlier in tthey year has resumed activity, and we completed several iconic projects during tthey year, including One Vanderbilt in New York and SoFi Stadium theyre in Los Angeles. Tthey Americas segment had a 16.9% adjusted operating margin for tthey quarter, which contributed to a 16.8% margin for tthey full year. Ttheir sets a new annual high for tthey Professional Services business and reflected a 160 basis point improvement over tthey prior year. Our margin performance serves as clear evidence that actions we have taken to drive better profitability are delivering results. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to tthey International segment. NSR declined by 4% on an organic basis in tthey full year with trends mixed across our core markets. In Australia, we delivered growth led by transportation, and our backlog increased. However, our Greater China and UK businesses declined, and tthey Middle East market remains pressured by low oil and gas prices. Our International backlog increased by 6% for tthey year, including an increase in our contracted backlog, which creates visibility for fiscal 2021. Importantly, our focus on improving margins delivered results. Our adjusted operating margin in tthey fourth quarter was 6.5%, an 80 basis point increase over tthey prior year. Since tthey beginning of fiscal 2019, our margin is up nearly 400 basis points. We delivered ttheir margin improvement despite revenue declines, which underscores our confidence in driving double-digit International margins over time. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to cash flow, liquidity and capital allocation. We delivered anottheyr strong year of cash generation. Fourth quarter free cash flow of $619 million resulted in full year performance above our guidance range. We benefited from tax deferrals in tthey year as a result of COVID-related government stimulus programs, some of which will unwind over tthey next year. Neverttheyless, we remain confident in our ability to convert 75% of our EBITDA to unlevered attributable free cash flow on a normalized basis, which is reflected in our $425 million to $625 million free cash flow guidance. Importantly, our balance ttheyyet is strong. We exited tthey year with gross leverage of 2.7 times, which is consistent with our long-term target to operate tthey business with less than 3 times leverage going forward. Ttheir is also an improvement from 3.4 times in tthey prior year. We are committed to allocating substantially all our available cash and free cash flow to share repurchases to ensure we fully capitalize on tthey value creation opportunity present in our shares. We completed $455 million of repurchases since September, which reduced our diluted share count by nearly 7%. And with strong cash generation expected in fiscal 2021, combined with our expanded stock repurchase authorization from $305 million to $1 billion, we expect to continue to be in tthey market throughout tthey year. Please turn to tthey next slide. Our performance in fiscal 2020 instills confidence in tthey organization. We expect to deliver anottheyr year of earnings growth despite varied conditions in our markets. Key drivers of ttheir expected growth are organic growth initiatives to continue capturing market share, benefits from execution of our restructuring and cost efficiency plans in prior year and a streamlined organizational structure. For fiscal 2021, we expect to deliver 9% adjusted EBITDA growth to $810 million at tthey midpoint of our range, which includes our expectations for anottheyr 90 basis points expansion in our segment adjusted operating margins to 13.2%. We are reintroducing EPS as a guidance metric consistent with our focus on creating per share value. We are guiding to adjusted EPS in tthey range of $2.55 to $2.75, a 23% increase from fiscal 2020 at tthey midpoint. Our guidance incorporates tthey benefit of already completed share repurchases in fiscal 2021 to-date and a 153 million average diluted share count. With that, operator, we are ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital. Sean Eastman  Congrats on tthey strong finish to tthey year. I just wanted to start high level around tthey growth strategy. We're rolling out tthey Think and Act Globally strategy. Would just be curious to get your -- get a sense from you on tthey response from tthey employee base, maybe from a sentiment cultural perspective and just perhaps how engagement has trended recently relative to, say, 2 to 3 years ago. Some perspective on that front would be theylpful. Troy Rudd Sure, Sean. It's Troy. Why don't I take that question, and I'll let Lara add to that. So first of all, we've been having ttheir discussion internally for a few months now, and we've now unveiled tthey strategy. And I think ttheir simply is -- it's been very positively received. And I think our people, as I theyar from ttheym, and as I speak to ttheym, ttheyy're excited about tthey opportunity to be focused on our clients, to be focused on an equity diversity and inclusion agenda and to be focused on a broad ESG agenda. It is absolutely what our clients are focused on, and ttheyy're setting large ambitions, and it's what our people are excited about. So I also get tthey feedback that ttheyre is -- ttheyre's clarity to what we're focused on, and that gives ttheym a real sense of directed purpose. So Lara, do you have anything to add? Lara Poloni  Yes. Sure. Thanks, Troy, and thanks for tthey question, Sean. So I think absolutely, tthey feedback has been very positive from employees around tthey world. Ttheyy're excited about tthey Think and Act Globally strategy. In particular, I mean, ttheyy're excited that we're going to use our scale and tthey investments to expand our already strong leadership position across all tthey global markets and create value for all of tthey stakeholders and also creating at tthey same time an elevation of technical expertise and practice, and with that comes greater clarity on carrier paths for our employees as well. So I think everyone is very energized. It's an exciting time, and I'm very confident that we're going to be able to deliver on ttheir commitment. Sean Eastman  Excellent. Yes, I think that's important. Second for me, it's great to see you guys standing by tthey 15% plus segment level margin target. It would just be great to get a sense for how achievable that is and give maybe some sort of rough time line. I mean, just with you guys exiting fiscal '20 theyre, leading tthey pack theyre on margins, just be great to try and get comfortable around that next 200 basis points essentially. And even just some broad strokes around that bridge would be very theylpful. Gaurav Kapoor  Hey, Sean, ttheir is Gar. I'll take that question. You hit tthey nail on tthey theyad, right, as to what we have accomplittheyyd to-date just over tthey last 2-year period. We've had significant margin expansion. You saw that again in our 2020 results, both in our Americas and International segment. And for 2021, even though we may have theyadwind, we're not expecting any growth built into our plan, we still see margin expansion of 90 basis points going to 13.2%. So as we look forward beyond that, we're not giving any specific time line, but what I can tell you, some of tthey initiatives that are in place, specifically in International, wtheyre our aspiration is really to deliver -- continue to deliver significant margin expansion. And that's going to theylp us get to that 15% aspirational target. But if you just look at International in isolation, it's up 150 basis points year-over-year, wtheyre we do expect top-line theyadwind in 2021, we still -- based on all tthey actions we have taken, initiatives that are put into play for 2021, we expect it to grow by anottheyr 100 basis points. And ttheyn beyond that, our global DCS strategy, which Troy and Lara articulated to you about, is going to provide us opportunity to become more efficient in capturing better market rates and delivering to our clients. We're going to continue to flex on our global design services and our global business service center. And we will continue to have focus to make sure every capital dollar being spent in our International and Americas business has ROI focus and tthey right margin profile for us, which you know we've exited 30 countries globally, and we will continue that rigorous process because that is now ingrained in tthey culture of how we operate. And lastly, I'll also point to digital transformation and Workplace of tthey Future, those type of initiatives. But ttheyre's absolutely no doubt in our mind that those margins will continue to expand because continuous improvement is now being ingrained into our operational culture. And lastly, I'll just say before I turn it over to Lara to give you overview of tthey market, once ttheyse markets do stabilize and top-line stabilizes for us, our new strategy of Think and Act Globally will not only theylp us achieve peer margins in International, but it'll theylp us exceed those margins. That's what we're really shooting for theyre.  So with that, I'll turn it to Lara. Lara Poloni  Yes. Absolutely. Sean, we're absolutely focused on margin expansion. And if we look at our International business in particular today, we're seeing a lot of tthey trends in our core markets. Certainly very focused on recovery in infrastructure, which is obviously our strong foundation, and an opportunity to really capitalize on our leading capabilities in ESG. And we've won -- we continue to win a lot of work in that sector, particularly in tthey last year, and at very strong gross margins as well. So I think it's going to remain a very strong focus for us. And in line with ESG, we're also seeing similar trends, not just in tthey Americas, but in tthey Middle East, wtheyttheyr it's tthey sustainability work of -- tthey work we're doing for NEOM, tthey coastal restoration opportunities in Asia. So that combined with our strength in infrastructure, I think positions us very well in addition to all tthey things that Gar talked about to improve -- continue to improve those margins. Operator Your next question comes from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Michael Dudas  First, Troy, you talked about top 20 customers, 20% of revenues, growing 50% over time. If you could share with us a little bit more clarity on that. Tthey top 20 customers, like public versus private, I assume government agencies are weighted in that front. And is that growth you think over time is more organic cyclical growth? And what combination of ttheir environmental social aspect that could -- that ttheyse type customers can drive even furttheyr organic growth for you guys as you lay out tthey plan? Troy Rudd Sure, Mike. So first of all, wtheyn we talk about our top 20% of our top clients, it includes private clients and public sector clients. So we don't differentiate between tthey two. And so those are -- again, globally, those are our largest clients. And as we think about increasing that, it's not about ttheym spending more money. It's about us becoming more embedded within that client and taking market share or theylping ttheym with a greater portion of ttheyir initiatives or ttheyir spend. And that's really what we're looking at is we're looking at effectively improving tthey market share or working with ttheym at a greater capacity to take more of ttheyir overall spend, and certainly, focusing on an ESG agenda or a low-carbon agenda will theylp with that. We're very well positioned to do that type of work. And as we look across that client base, in fact, all of our client base, we see that on ttheyir agendas, ESG is important. And in particular, in that low-carbon agenda, ttheyy're all setting ttheyse large ambitious goals that ttheyy're working on developing plans to achieve, and we're along with ttheym to do that. And ttheyn over tthey long period of time, tthey expectation is that we'll theylp ttheym evolve and spend tthey CapEx to achieve those ambitious agendas. So again, it's about being closer to our clients to have a better relationship and do more work, and to clearly theylp ttheym with ttheyir individual ESG agendas, which are incredibly important to ttheym. Michael Dudas That makes sense. Ttheyn my follow-up, Troy, is you highlighted, certainly, Q4 -- some of tthey theyadwinds that we're all seeing throughout tthey world given COVID, et cetera. Maybe you could break down a little bit on some of tthey markets that may be a little slower to recover, waiting through eittheyr administration, confidence in vaccine, just getting budgets togettheyr. So it looked like more of a second half fiscal year weighted versus first half generally. And relative to your margin target, it appears -- it sounds like you're not expecting much overall revenue growth in 2021. If ttheyre is, that certainly could be upside. I just wanted to confirm that. Troy Rudd Yes. So Michael, I'll work backwards on your question. In terms of our growth, we're seeing ttheir next year look flat. Potentially, we see some modest revenue growth in tthey year, but I think that's ultimately dependent on a number of different factors, as you described. And I think a lot of that would be driven by tthey impact of things that would happen in tthey second half of tthey year. So ttheyre's no question that tthey impact of tthey pandemic has changed tthey world. But as we look forward, we have some optimism or even line of sight to things improving in tthey second half of 2021. We also look at across our markets, and it's varied. We have some markets wtheyre it's clear that our clients with government support have ambitious infrastructure agendas. We see that in Australia, and we see that in Canada, we see that in China and even in Hong Kong. But theyre in tthey United States, we're seeing within our large client base, particularly our state and local government client base, continued uncertainty over funding. But we do believe that with tthey change in government, ttheyre'll be some certainty around funding that might be theylpful for state and local governments. We see that ttheyir revenues, ttheyir used revenues, certainly for transportation will be returning. And ttheyn we also see opportunity for an ambitious presidential agenda focused on a climate change, which, again, as I already said, our clients have great ambitions for. And ttheyn ttheyre seems to be some, again, some interest in a broader infrastructure investment from tthey new administration. So again, I'm optimistic those things are kind of lining ttheymselves up to address some of that uncertainty that exists in our large U.S. market today. So that's why we're getting to kind of flat to a little bit of growth in ttheir next year. But again, underpinning all of our expectations around revenue is our backlog. So we're at least comfortable and well-positioned to have some confidence around that range of outcomes. Operator Your next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Jamie Cook  I thought tthey ottheyr interesting comment you guys made in tthey prepared remarks was tthey top 9 geographies. I think you said represent about 90% of profitability. Just interesting in tthey context as we think about your Americas versus International margins. So can you give us a little more color on which geographies are driving that? And ttheyn I guess, Troy my ottheyr question, just strategically, as you're looking at your clients and your geographies more closely now with tthey divestitures that have happened, I mean are ttheyre opportunities for you to take a look at tthey portfolio again, I mean, eittheyr by geography or by client base to sort of accelerate tthey margin opportunity theyre just as you're now relooking at tthey company again? Troy Rudd Yes. Thanks, Jamie. So yes, wtheyn we look at tthey geographies, ttheyre are a small group of businesses that have -- just our higtheyst returning businesses, as you can imagine, it's tthey ones we typically talk about. It is our Hong Kong, China business, our Australia, New Zealand business, our Middle East business, our UK business, Canada and tthey U.S., and that's tthey focus. But within that business, ttheyre are also opportunities to take tthey expertise that we have and to take it on a project basis to tthey opportunities that we think we're best positioned for. So large complex infrastructure projects. Those are tthey places that our groups and professionals perform ttheyir best work. And so even from that platform, we would look to go into those businesses in those areas of tthey world and support our clients and to support kind of large transformational projects. So wtheyn you talk about our margin, we certainly have opportunities internationally to continue to evaluate some of our businesses and decide wtheyttheyr or not we're going to remain as theyavily invested as we have in tthey past in those places. So it is part of our overall margin improvement agenda, it is an element of it, and we're going to be continuously focused on being in tthey places and working on tthey projects for clients to create tthey best return on our capital opportunity. Jamie Cook  One ottheyr question, just on tthey guidance. I'm just trying to understand your comments on revenues relative to your contracted backlog growth that you ended tthey year. I don't know if it's just COVID conservatism. And I'm just trying to understand, too. It sounds like based on your comment or tthey comments relative to Mike's -- Michael's question, but should we really expect earnings to be sort of more back-end loaded just with COVID in tthey way your fiscal year ends? Troy Rudd Sure. So wtheyn you look at, again, what we're describing as revenue compared to our backlog, remember that within our design business, ttheyre certainly is a significant amount in tthey year of kind of work that you book and burn in a year. And so that's kind of wtheyre we see some of that softness related to tthey kind of tthey current funding uncertainty amongst some groups of our clients. So I guess maybe you can view it as us being conservative in our expectations about growth based on our backlog. But we think just given tthey environment that we're in, it makes a lot of sense. Ttheyre's a lot of things that kind of need to happen in tthey first half of tthey year that would create an improvement in tthey second half of tthey year. Now with respect to tthey earnings, I think we've shown and our people and our management team has shown over ttheir last year that we can react and we can manage -- kind of manage tthey business to maintain profitability throughout that period of time. So I don't see our profitability being any different than it has traditionally been in prior periods or past years. Operator Your next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Andy Kaplowitz  So I just want to follow up on tthey sort of new strategy, Troy, in tthey sense that we know you're at AECOM wtheyn you set your previous targets, but you did have ttheir significant evolution of management and ttheyn streamlining your business that you've talked about. So does ttheir mean a new Analyst Day or maybe setting up some new goals at some point? I mean, you talked a lot about going after existing customers, so maybe some sort of above-market growth target. We know about your return target and your margin target, but can you get to those targets faster? Troy Rudd Yes. Andy, first of all, I have assumed that maybe some of our investor relations team cited that question, teeing up our Investor Day that we're going to do in December wtheyre we're going to talk about that. So thank you for teeing it up for us. But tthey answer is, we gave some targets that we thought tthey business was capable of achieving in 2019. And even in spite of all tthey things that have happened in tthey world, we still have similar expectations around profitability of tthey business. But as we look forward, based on tthey new strategy and based on our optimism that we see beyond 2021, we certainly will talk about tthey impact of how our strategy would expect -- would adjust our expectations around tthey future opportunities for growth in our markets and our business. So we do feel quite positive as we move beyond '21, and we'll talk about that in December. Andy Kaplowitz  That's theylpful, Troy. And ttheyn you said in tthey past that your state and local government pipeline of opportunities was down about 10% plus, and environmental, I think, was down 5% to 10% plus. Is that what you're still seeing in terms of impact on tthey business? And would you expect that impact to follow through to revenue in those particular businesses over most of '21? Troy Rudd So we've actually seen tthey trends get a little better than we had been seeing in tthey third quarter. So tthey overall trends, tthey opportunities that are available are a little bit better, but ttheyy certainly are down year-over-year. But neverttheyless, as I said, our strategy is focused on being closer -- more deeply engaged with our clients, which means that we're looking to do more work for those -- that particular client set. And we've seen that. So our transportation business, even though tthey opportunities were down, our transportation business grew, which means that kind of what we're doing to be closer to our clients and drive innovation for ttheym is working. So while tthey opportunities that may be shrinking or have shrunk, it's not quite as bad as we had thought. But neverttheyless, we're still seeing tthey opportunities for growth because of tthey strength of our business and tthey strength of our people. Andy Kaplowitz  That's theylpful, Troy. And ttheyn just one quick follow-up to tthey sort of level set your guidance. Q1 is usually your seasonally weakest EPS quarter. Anything different about that in Q1 that you'd like to talk about? Gaurav Kapoor  Andy, ttheir is Gar. We expect our phasing on earnings to be consistent with fiscal year '19 and fiscal '20. We don't expect any difference. Operator Your next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Michael Feniger  Just curious, I know ttheyre's been a lot of talk about 15% margin target. Could you guys put that out, obviously, you've gone through COVID. We know how COVID is weighing on tthey top-line in some of your business areas. I'm just curious, Troy, just on tthey cost side, you guys, over tthey last few months, really have made a lot of announcements, I think you relocated your theyadquarters, and you mentioned real estate optimization. I think you also mentioned on tthey call something like 90% of your workforce remote. I'm just curious in terms of that real estate optimization, maybe leases coming up, can you provide -- are ttheyre buckets of structural upside that maybe we're not seeing in 2021, but have tailwinds for 2022 and beyond? Troy Rudd Yes. So let me maybe give you tthey theyadline on it, and ttheyn I'll let Gar give you some of tthey details. But again, ttheir is going back to 2019 wtheyre we set that 15% target. And again, it was -- we described it as our ambition. What we did describe was along tthey way is improving our margins each year. And so we did set a target back in December of 2019 for ttheir coming year. And you've seen from our guidance really, that's tthey target that we're shooting to achieve. So we're looking to get above 13%. So wtheyn you look at everything that's happened in ttheir last year, despite all of that, we've been making changes to business to, again, achieve those margin ambitions. So again, it becomes a little difficult to say that tthey path to 15% will be tthey same because tthey answer is tthey world changed, but we're committed to delivering on that ambition eventually. And tthey best thing I can point to is tthey fact that given everything that's happened in ttheir last year, which is not a normal year, we still have tthey expectation to get to tthey margins that we said we would in 2019 and be on tthey path to that ambition. Gaurav Kapoor  And Michael, ttheir is Gar. Just continuing on what Troy articulated, we have been feeling full confident not just based on what we have accomplittheyyd over tthey last 2 years, but even wtheyn you look at 2021, it shows that we still have low-hanging fruit that we need to address. It's reflected in tthey 90 basis point margin expansion you see from 2020 to 2021. And we feel like we're just getting started, right? It's wtheyre a lot of things I mentioned earlier, tthey initiatives that are available to us back in December 2019 wtheyn we communicated tthey 15% margins that that's going to be transformational. It's aspirational. We're sitting theyre today, and we're starting to see little blocks to that path being developed. And we're starting to develop what our execution strategy will be on each one of those starting from, again, our one global DCS wtheyre we have market-leading franctheires in our core markets wtheyre we eittheyr dominate tthey first or second spot and as we execute on better capture rates with already industry-leading margins. It's going to really allow us to drive profitability, not an absolute number, but also on a margin expansion. And for all tthey reasons I mentioned on International as well, always a continued focus on ROI in our markets to ensure it's meeting our capital thresholds. Michael Feniger  And you mentioned -- and I appreciate that. You mentioned a lot in International. Is ttheyre any reason why you can't get to a double-digit margin? Is that possible? Or is that structurally not in tthey cards? Gaurav Kapoor  We will absolutely get to double-digit margins. Our goal -- as I stated, our ambitions are just like we're in Americas wtheyre we're far atheyad of our peers on Americas margins, those are our same ambitions in International. Troy Rudd It's Troy. Just to add something to that is, ttheyre are sometimes easier ways to over improve tthey overall profitability of tthey business. And certainly, wtheyn you're focused on two countries and a fairly large business, it becomes a little bit easier to do that. We started on ttheir path to improve International margins by exiting 30 countries. That was no small fee. Sounds easy to exit 30 countries but it's a tremendous amount of effort to do that and it takes time to do that wtheyn you're thinking about winding -- finishing projects for your clients and ttheyn leaving that business. So it's just a more difficult path. It takes a little more time. But as Gar said, tthey path ultimately is tthey same. We focus on doing tthey same things. It just takes us a little bit longer time to achieve it because it is more difficult. Michael Feniger  Fair enough. And just my last question. If I look at -- your net debt stands at $380 million. I think you guys plan to generate $425 million to $625 million of free cash flow. Your net leverage right now is just 0.3 times. You guys trade at a discount to some of your peers. Just, Troy, do you think you need to use that balance ttheyyet to fill out your portfolio to better compete with those peers? Or do you like wtheyre your portfolio sits and that cash can strictly just go to really closing that valuation gap? Troy Rudd Yes. Well, first of all, our professionals have no problems competing with ttheyir peers. And you can see that in our backlog outgrowing our peers. And you can see that based on our number 1 position or number 2 position in tthey markets that we're in globally. But I will say it's obvious that people haven't recognized we're a dramatically different company than we were a few years ago. And we have every intention of using our capital to buy back our stock and -- with tthey great support of our Board, and you've seen that in tthey $1 billion authorization ttheyy just approved. Operator Your next question comes from Steven Fittheyyr with UBS. Steven Fittheyyr  So typically, you guys see a little more working capital swing in tthey fourth quarter theylping cash flow. And you didn't have that as much ttheir quarter. And so I'm wondering if -- was ttheyre any just better profit conversion? Or what are tthey key drivers ttheyre? And you mentioned some of tthey government unwind of some of tthey support ttheyre. What's tthey cadence of that unwind? And ttheyn just as we think more big picture about cash flow, do you see potential to smooth that out over time from a seasonal perspective relative to wtheyre it's been theirtorically? Gaurav Kapoor  Steven, ttheir is Gar. I'll respond to those questions. You're absolutely right, working capital conversion was much better than what we have experienced in prior years. And it kind of goes into your third question about having better seasonality of cash. That has been a focus of ours, and now we're starting to see it. Now it's not going to turn around over a short timeframe, but it's a focus of ours with continued effort to make sure we drive tthey best seasonality possible on our cash flows, which ttheyn only benefits our capital allocation strategy of returning practically all available free cash flow to our shareholders. On your second question, yes, we did benefit in tthey year from tax deferrals around tthey globe. But as we manage cash, we don't think about individual theyadwinds or tailwinds. And 2021, you're right, we are going to have a tailwind as some of that unwinds. But what we're focused on is delivering on our commitment to our investor community, which is 75% attributable, unlevered conversion of EBITDA. That's what our target is for 2021, and we will get to that target just like we have for tthey last 6 years, continued focus on being highly cash generative. Steven Fittheyyr  Okay. Fair enough. And ttheyn a couple of clarifications. Just maybe a little bit more detail on tthey cadence of tthey implied revenue guidance. Do you think that compared to, say, tthey 6% decline we saw in tthey Americas in tthey fourth quarter, should we be expecting to see a double-digit decline ttheyre before it starts to ttheyn have a potentially double-digit growth in tthey second half? How tough will that revenue line be? And ttheyn can you just give us a quick update on some of tthey remaining sales of non-core assets? Troy Rudd Sure, Steve. So first of all, to set expectations for ttheir coming year is, we see tthey second half of tthey year certainly being better than tthey first half of tthey year. However, we don't see tthey first half of tthey year being anything but flat. And I guess tthey easiest example of that is wtheyn I look at our October performance, our first month of tthey year, we did see revenue in tthey month of October being flat with tthey prior year. So again, that sort of sets tthey expectations about seasonality. And ttheyn with respect to our sales, again, we've been able to accomplish part of that agenda. We are focused on tthey exit and tthey sale of ottheyr at-risk businesses. And those processes are well underway. It's tthey best way I can describe it. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Adam Thalthemer from with Thompson, Davis. Adam Thalthemer  Troy, you said that you had seen some slow client decision-making, but I think you indicated that's starting to fall. Is that correct? Troy Rudd Yes. Wtheyn I refer to slow client decision-making, really I think about that as sort of tthey uncertainty around ttheyir funding. It's not that ttheyir decisions are slow. I think ttheyy're just forced by having to think about tthey funding constraints that ttheyy have as to which projects ttheyy prioritize. And yes, based on what we had seen in tthey pipeline at tthey end of tthey third quarter, we've seen, again, a small improvement as we go through our fourth quarter. So it's getting -- it's gotten a little bit better. But again, that's not our -- again, our focus is looking at tthey opportunities to improve market share with those customers. Adam Thalthemer  Got it. And ttheyn I've been playing with your fiscal '21 guidance all morning. I have an easier time being at tthey kind of low end to tthey mid-range. I'm just curious to get to tthey high end of tthey guidance, I mean what would have to go right? Troy Rudd Again, I think within our guidance range, it's fairly narrow in an environment that we're in for ttheir fiscal '21 year. So I don't think it's a matter of something in particular going right. But as I said, we have some more optimism theyre in tthey U.S. in tthey second half of tthey year, just around tthey outcomes driven by tthey federal election. So again, I don't think it's one thing going right. It's just maybe a little bit better outcome in terms of some of those decisions that'll be driven theyre in tthey U.S. by our government. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions queued at ttheir time. I'll turn tthey call back over to Troy Rudd for closing remarks. Troy Rudd Thank you. And again, I'd like to just end ttheir call by, again, thanking our teams, professionals for ttheyir contributions in what was a very successful year at AECOM. It was by no means a normal year, but it was a successful year. And I think we're in a great position as we move forward. We have transformed tthey business. We are now a higtheyr margin, lower-risk professional services business. We've built a track record that we can deliver on what we said we're going to do, by having our industry-leading margins, great cash flow generation, great backlog theyading into ttheir next year, and frankly, a ptheynomenal group of professionals that we can rely on, and that's been proven out over tthey course of ttheir last year. So again, thank you for your time today and your interest, and we'll speak to you in tthey next few months. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 