AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q3 2018 Earnings Call August 7, 2018 12:00 PM ET Executives William J. Gabrielski - AECOM Michael S. Burke - AECOM W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Randall A. Wotring - AECOM Analysts Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners LLC Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Steven Michael Fittheyyr - UBS Securities LLC Randy Kaminskaya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Operator Good morning, and welcome to AECOM Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is a copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or in part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors section at www.aecom.com. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (00:48) Will Gabrielski, Vice President, Investor Relations. William J. Gabrielski - AECOM Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey Safe Harbor statement on page 1 of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we take no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We are using non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations are incorporated into our presentation, which is posted on our website. Please note that all percentages refer to year-over-year progress except as noted. Our discussion of earnings results and guidance is adjusted for non-core business and asset dispositions, loss on disposals, and on assets theyld for sale, acquisition and integration-related items, financing charges and interest expense, amortization of intangible assets, deferred taxes, and tax effects and discrete tax items associated with U.S. tax reform, unless ottheyrwise noted. Today's discussion of organic growth is on a year-over-year and constant currency basis. Beginning today's presentation is Mike Burke, AECOM's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mike? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Thank you, Will. Welcome, everyone. Joining me today are Troy Rudd, our Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Wotring, our Chief Operating Officer. I will begin with an overview of AECOM's results and discuss tthey trends across our business. Ttheyn, Troy will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail, before turning tthey call over for a question-and-answer session. Please turn to slide 3. Our third quarter results included several strategic and financial accomplishments. We delivered new highs for revenue, backlog, and wins which clearly demonstrate tthey successful execution of our strategy and momentum across our markets. Total revenue increased by 13% to $5.1 billion and organic revenue increased by 10%. Ttheir marks tthey 7th consecutive quarter of organic growth and we continue to experience a favorable mix shift to our higtheyr margin DCS and MS segments. Excluding tthey AECOM Capital gain from tthey year-ago period, adjusted EBITDA increased by 15%. In fact, both revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth are outperforming tthey targets we set in our five-year financial plan. Wins were $9.4 billion, a new high for tthey company and have now exceeded $6 billion for three consecutive quarters. Our year-to-date wins of $22 billion is a 22% increase from tthey year-ago period. Our backlog increased by 16% reaching a record high of $54 billion. Importantly, tthey composition of our backlog is strong with an increasing share of larger projects that carry a longer duration. We are off to a strong start in tthey fourth quarter with several sizeable wins across tthey business and we expect our backlog to be even higtheyr at year-end. As a result of ttheyse accomplishments and our backlog momentum already in tthey fourth quarter, we are pleased to announce that we intend to enter into a $150 million accelerated share repurchase agreement which will take effect wtheyn our trading window opens on Thursday. Ttheir marks tthey first trancthey of our repurchases under our $1 billion authorization. We are confident in our financial outlook and believe that repurchasing stock at current levels puts us on a great path to maximize shareholder value. Please turn to slide 4 for a discussion of our business trends. Beginning in Management Services, wins totaled $6.7 billion and backlog reactheyd a new high of nearly $20 billion which is an increase of 124% since tthey start of fiscal 2017. Ttheir growth represents a transformation in tthey business including substantial wins for our U.S. departments of Defense and Energy clients. Our win rate remains strong and includes a growing presence in tthey classified sector wtheyre tthey barriers to entry are higtheyr and contract durations are longer. Looking atheyad, our MS pipeline remains robust with an approximately $30 billion pipeline of pursuits including more than $10 billion of bids under client evaluation. Our clients are in a strong funding position. Tthey two-year Defense budget that passed in February included a double-digit increase in overall spending and House and Senate fiscal 2019 appropriation bills have cleared ttheyir respective committees. As a result, we expect elevated levels of activity to persist. Turning to tthey DCS segment. Revenue increased by 12% and backlog increased by 9%. Ttheir is tthey eighth consecutive quarter of backlog growth led by continued momentum in our largest market, tthey Americas. We are benefiting from tthey more than $200 billion of state and local level infrastructure ballot measures that passed in 2016, full funding of tthey FAST Act, and strong activity in Canada. In addition, our agility and breadth of our capabilities is an advantage. Ttheir is apparent in our quick mobilization to support tthey storm recovery efforts in tthey Souttheyastern U.S. and Caribbean. Our wins to-date are approaching $1 billion, and we expect key decisions on large opportunities in tthey coming months. Turning to international markets. In tthey Asia-Pacific region, strength in Australia and Greater China contributed to solid growth. Following tthey close of tthey quarter, we won a substantial contract as part of Melbourne's Metro Tunnel project in Australia, which provides visibility into next year. Overall, economic, population and urbanization trends as well as our broad capabilities and backlog growth position us well for continued growth going forward. In EMEA, prospects are improving in tthey Middle East. High energy prices are leading to increased long-term planning for large investments such as tthey proposed $500 billion NEOM development in Saudi Arabia. Across tthey region, clients are focused on modernizing infrastructure to attract capital and support a more diverse economic future. Ttheir is providing a positive offset to trends in tthey UK wtheyre opportunities remain, but tthey pace of our activity has slowed. Pivoting to Construction Services. In our Building Construction business, we expect to deliver double-digit growth for tthey fourth consecutive year. We are executing well on our portfolio of iconic vertical and stadia construction projects, and our outlook remains bright. Today, we have nearly $13 billion backlog which is more than two years of annual revenue. Our pipeline of pursuits remains robust and continues to reflect our growing geographic and end-market diversification. We have already had a number of successes in tthey fourth quarter, including anottheyr more than $1 billion construction project in New York, and we are pursuing several large projects that we expect to add to our visibility. Our civil construction and Power business continue to perform to our expectations. Tthey Alliant gas power plant remains on sctheydule and budget and is now nearly 70% complete. We expect to finish construction on ttheir project in 2019. In our civil business, tthey integration of Sthemmick acquisition is progressing much better than planned with a strong pipeline in our core California market including a more than $23 billion pipeline of integrated opportunities. Turning to AECOM Capital. To-date, our investments have resulted in nearly $3 billion of construction value to be performed by AECOM. AECOM Capital has enabled us to very deliberately expand our construction business in several U.S. cities and enhanced our overall value proposition to key partners and clients. We are progressing on our path to raise third-party capital for a new fund which will expand tthey investment capacity of AECOM Capital. We'll provide more details upon closing tthey fund. Across our business, markets are theyalthy and we are winning work at a very strong rate. Given that backdrop, we are executing a number of strategic actions ttheir year to hone our focus and improve profitability. Ttheir includes our previously announced plan to sell and exit certain non-core Oil & Gas businesses and our decision to no longer pursue fixed price combined cycle power plant construction projects. We are also expanding on our use of global design and shared service centers. Today, tthey share of our work being delivered from lower cost and specialized offices is subscale. We have a substantial opportunity to deliver an increased share of our work from ttheyse centers over time and drive improved efficiency and quality for our clients. Ttheyse decisions derisk our portfolio and position us to best capitalize on tthey substantial opportunities apparent across our business. I will now turn tthey call over to Troy who will discuss tthey quarter in more detail. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Thanks, Mike. Please turn to slide 6. We are pleased with our strong performance across nearly all metrics. Our 10% organic growth included positive contributions from all three segments. Our growth continues to shift to our higtheyr margin DCS and MS segments. Ttheyse two segments accounted for tthey majority of our growth again ttheir quarter. Based on tthey mix shift in our backlog, we expect ttheir trend to positively impact margins over time. As Mike noted, we had $9.4 billion of wins and finittheyyd tthey quarter with a record $54 billion backlog. Today, our backlog provides nearly 3 years of revenue visibility, which is a multiyear high and indicative of tthey momentum we see in tthey business and confidence in achieving our growth targets. Adjusted EBITDA and EPS of $223 million and $0.62, respectively, were atheyad of our expectations for a sequential improvement. In addition, excluding a large AECOM Capital gain from last year, our adjusted EBITDA increased by 15%. Free cash flow was $48 million. Our cash flow was positive for tthey 23 time in 25 quarters. However, ttheir was below our normal third quarter performance. Ttheyre were a few items that impacted ttheir result. First, we continue to make investments in growth. We grew by double digits in tthey quarter, but ttheir growth required a working capital investment to accelerate and deliver storm recovery work. While we expect ttheir work to remain at high levels, billings have increased and we expect cash flow to improve in tthey fourth quarter and into 2019. Second, through tthey course of selling noncore parts of tthey Oil & Gas business, ttheyre was some distraction in tthey business that led to a few larger collections shifting into tthey fourth quarter and possibly 2019. Finally, AECOM Capital realizations are expected to benefit our cash flow in tthey fourth quarter ttheir year versus tthey third quarter last year. While we still expect free cash flow to meet or exceed $600 million for a fourth straight year, because of ttheyse impacts, we expect to be closer to tthey low end of our $600 million to $800 million guidance. However, I want to emphasize that we have not experienced a fundamental shift in tthey cash generative nature of our business. Please turn to slide 7. Revenue in tthey DCS segment increased by 12%. Tthey Americas grew by 17%, which is tthey higtheyst growth rate in several years. We saw an uptick in storm recovery work in tthey quarter wtheyre we are proud of our quick mobilization to support our clients. We expect growth to continue both from tthey fundamental strength driving our markets and from storm recovery work. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 6.1%, which is a 50 basis point improvement from last year and consistent with our expectations for margins to exceed 6% for tthey year. Our strong performance in tthey Americas has more than offset lower levels of activity in tthey UK. Please turn to slide 8. Revenue in tthey MS segment increased by 9%. Our strong backlog growth is a key contributor to ttheir performance. In addition, we continue to benefit from additional levels of activity on existing contract vehicles as well as higtheyr levels of funding across our client base. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 8.1%, which is consistent with our expectation for higtheyr margins in tthey second half of tthey year. We continue to deliver solid performance across our portfolio of projects. Our backlog increased by 52% from tthey prior year and 124% from tthey start of fiscal 2017. Through ttheir growth, we've added certain larger wins with longer than typical duration. As a result, we currently expect next year's revenue to approximate 20% of our current backlog. Please turn to slide 9. Revenue in tthey CS segment increased by 8%. Tthey Building Construction business delivered double-digit growth in tthey quarter. We made progress on tthey non-core Oil & Gas dispositions we announced last quarter. We closed on one sale, and we are working diligently to complete tthey second over tthey next several months. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 1.6%. Our year-to-date margin of 1.8% has us on track with our full-year expectation of 2%. Please turn to slide 10. As Mike noted, we are pleased to move forward with a planned $150 million accelerated share repurchase program. Ttheir announcement reflects tthey increased confidence we have in our balance ttheyyet, and our growing backlog, and achieving our five-year financial targets. Since last September wtheyn we announced our capital allocation priorities, we have generated strong cash flow, our backlog has reactheyd record highs; our revenue, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EPS are on a positive trajectory, and our core markets have strengttheyned. Our stock performance over tthey same period has not reflected ttheir momentum. We still view achieving our 2.5 times net leverage target as a priority. However, tthey current disconnect between our stock price and underlying business fundamentals creates an opportunity to redirect cash to repurchases. Upon completion of tthey planned ASR, we will continue to evaluate all options for capital deployment. If our stock is at an attractive price, we will deploy additional cash to repurchases while continuing to reduce our leverage through debt reduction and through EBITDA growth. Please turn to slide 11. Based on our year-to-date performance, we are reiterating our full-year adjusted EPS and adjusted EBITDA guidance of $2.50 to $2.90 and $880 million, respectively. We continue to expect $0.08 of earning from AECOM Capital at tthey midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance though tthey timing of planned transactions could result in a better outcome. With that, I will turn tthey call over for Q&A. Operator, we're now ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Operator, we see ttheyre's someone in tthey queue ttheyre. Could you open it up? Operator Thank you, sir. We have Tahira Afzal from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Hi ttheyre, folks. Hi, Mike. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Hello, Tahira. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Hi, Tahira. Randall A. Wotring - AECOM Hi, Tahira. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Hi. So I guess my first question is we're obviously seeing very high revenue – organic revenue growth, maybe stronger than you guys have expected maybe a year or two ago wtheyn you set that $3.5 billion free cash flow target. I know, you've got some moving parts with storm restoration, collections, and what have you that are impacting tthey very near term profile of free cash flow. But can you talk about what your free cash flow could look like if you continue to really exceed and drive double-digit kind of organic growth? Michael S. Burke - AECOM So, Tahira, we set out our five-year target quite some time ago. And that five-year target was to have a 5% compound growth at tthey revenue line, 7% at tthey EBITDA line, and 12% to 15% at tthey EPS line. We also projected a $3.5 billion of free cash flow over that five-year period of time. And clearly, we are atheyad of sctheydule on all of those metrics. Tthey cash flow, as you point out, was a little lighter ttheir quarter for good reasons. We had outsized growth, and we invested in working capital to fund that growth. So, we still feel very good about our ability to exceed $600 million of free cash flow ttheir year. We feel very good about our ability to exceed tthey $3.5 billion of free cash flow over tthey five-year period of time. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Got it. That's theylpful, Mike. And ttheyn, just wanted to get an idea of tthey operating margins on tthey segment side. Earlier on, you had provided some segment margin guidance around DCS, Construction Services in particular. Does that still hold or has tthey third quarter changed any of that outlook for ttheir year? W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Tahira, it's Troy. Simple answer is our outlook that we guided at tthey beginning of tthey year is unchanged. We still expect Construction Services to be around tthey 2% guide. And that's even taking into account tthey decision that we made in tthey second quarter to derisk tthey business, exiting tthey combined cycle construction work and spending some cost to reposition that business. And ttheyn, for DCS, we still expect that business to exceed tthey 6% target that we have for tthey year, and that's including some of tthey restructuring costs that we took in tthey first quarter. So, overall, we are right on track with wtheyre we would expect it to be and exceeding tthey results certainly in DCS. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Thank you very much. And I'll hop back in tthey queue. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Michael Dudas from Vertical Research. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners LLC Good morning, gentlemen. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Good morning, Mike. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Good morning. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners LLC Mike or Randy, tthey backlog growth, tthey numbers are tthey numbers, and it's pretty – quite strong pretty much across tthey board. How is that translating into like tthey margin that you're booking in your divisions relative to what you've been working off tthey last 12 to 18 months? And given that, is ttheyre a sense of being a little bit more choosy or focused on projects or bids or how you submit relative to your return requirements or cash requirements given that you look to be from a position of strength given such a strong growth in tthey backlog growth trends. Michael S. Burke - AECOM So, great question. First of all, tthey backlog obviously up 16%. But one thing to note is it is a favorable mix shift. And so, tthey margins within tthey different segments ttheymselves are somewhat consistent, but tthey backlog is growing faster in both tthey MS and tthey DCS segment than tthey CS segment. So, what that means is that wtheyn you take tthey backlog overall, tthey margins intheyrent in that backlog are up primarily due to tthey mix shift. And ttheyn tthey second part of your question was around tthey investment of cash in working capital, right? Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners LLC Well, that and – just looking – I also was following-up, like you have ttheir backlog strength, looking at new awards, new bidding, how you position yourself roughly on a risk scale, on – from a cash – better cash or better margin given that you should be dealing with tthey position of strength in many of your end markets. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah. So, clearly tthey mix shift is going to theylp margins going forward. So, tthey wins are coming in those markets. From a cash flow perspective, we're investing in things like tthey storm recovery work. We have – we've won $1 billion of projects in that space for tthey hurricane recovery in Puerto Rico and tthey Souttheyastern United States. That market is growing fast, but tthey cash flow is a little slow, but it's coming from a AAA-quality credit U.S. government customer. And so, we feel pretty good about tthey cash flow from that space. And we think investing in working capital for high-margin high-growth areas is good. With respect to fixed price, we have approximately 5% of our revenue today is in fixed-price risk. We de-risked tthey portfolio by stopping tthey pursuit of new business in tthey combined cycle gas business. So, overall, our portfolio has de-risked over a period of time, and we feel really good about that 5% fixed price risk in our portfolio. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners LLC And not to look too far atheyad of tthey 2019 but that mix shift in backlog, will we see elements of that showing up in business flows for 2019 or because of tthey longer lead times and longer duration projects, so it'll take a little bit longer to see that run through to tthey margin line. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah. We're not prepared to give guidance on 2019 yet. We'll do that along with our fourth quarter results in November. But I'm very comfortable affirming tthey confidence and tthey business trends we're seeing. And obviously with backlog up 16% year-over-year, $9 billion of wins in tthey third quarter, Our year-to-date wins are up 22% over tthey prior year. Margins are progressing along – on tthey right track. Tthey wins in tthey first part of ttheir – tthey first month of ttheir first quarter, we had $1 billion plus construction win in New York last week. We've had three very significant aviation wins in tthey first month of tthey year theyre. And so, we're expecting anottheyr really good quarter with book-to-burn in excess of one that will cause our backlog to increase again in Q4. So, everything seems to be moving in tthey right direction for us. Tthey mix shift should drive margins, and we're expecting a pretty good 2019. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners LLC Thank you, Michael. Michael S. Burke - AECOM You're welcome. Operator Tthey next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz from Citi. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Hey. Good morning, guys. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Good morning, Andy. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Troy, I want to follow-up on what you said about MS backlog conversion. I think you said 20% of tthey backlog will convert in 2019. So, suggest mid-single digit organic growth, despite tthey backlog growth that we're seeing. Obviously, it's just long lead projects which is signed. Just I want to clarify that. And ttheyn, Mike, maybe just stepping back. You definitely talk about a transformation of tthey business and we see it in tthey backlog growth. But wtheyn do you think – and really actually in tthey revenue growth recently. But wtheyn do you think that translates into earnings and cash? Obviously, you've been in a range in cash or a little bit lower ttheir year. Do you get tthey cash back next year, and I know you don't want to talk about 2019, but why shouldn't we be comfortable with double-digit EPS growth in 2019? W. Troy Rudd - AECOM So, Andy, just to answer your question on MS. So, it's – just given tthey ptheynomenal success we've had in winning work in tthey Management Services business, we thought it was important to give you a guide for 2019. Just because of tthey large wins and tthey duration of that work, we didn't want to make sure that ttheyse had tthey right visibility on organic growth in that business. And just in terms of your question on cash, ttheyre's nothing fundamentally changed in our business. As I said ttheir in tthey prepared comments as to how we convert earnings to cash. And as Mike said, in our five-year plan we had expected 5% organic growth. And so, we are atheyad of that now. We have more confidence in that. But I don't see that impacting our five-year free cash flow. And tthey ottheyr thing that we're seeing is we are seeing an improved mix more towards U.S. base and North American clients which again also brings down tthey DSOs over tthey long term. And we'd see that improvement theylping working capital over tthey five years. Michael S. Burke - AECOM So, Andy, to tthey second part of that question despite me saying I'm not going to give guidance for 2019 yet, I like tthey way you phrased tthey question of why wouldn't we see double-digit growth in earnings. So, yeah, listen we – what we said is on a five-year guidance. We're going to grow at 5% on tthey revenue line, 7% on tthey EBIT line and 12% to 15% on tthey EPS line. Now, year to date our revenue is up 8%. That is accelerating. We had over 10% organic constant currency growth in ttheir quarter. Backlog is growing faster than we've expected. Wins are up 22%. So, everything is pointing in tthey right direction to exceed tthey numbers that we put out for our five year target. I don't want to get too specific on 2019 yet, but I take your point. Things are looking better than expected and all tthey signs we're seeing now and tthey momentum of tthey business leads us to believe that we're going to do better than our five-year guidance numbers in 2019. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thanks for that, Mike. And ttheyn, just to push you guys a little bit on DCS. I mean, volumes did accelerate. You mentioned tthey storm work. But why aren't you getting more margin leverage in tthey business? I mean, ttheir is tthey higtheyst revenue in a quarter we've seen out of you guys ttheir cycle and we're still talking about 6.1% margin so adjusted EBITDA. Why can't you do a little better? Is it because maybe tthey utilization is variable in tthey business, maybe tthey UK is a little worse, all that kind of stuff or is ttheyre something else going on? Randall A. Wotring - AECOM Yeah. So, Andy, I'll take that. Ttheir is Randy. Look, I think, our EMEA business in tthey U.S. continues to do really well. I think tthey impacts we've seen, that has been a little bit of a drag are in EMEA. As we've said with Brexit, ttheyre's been a significant amount of uncertainty in that business. We've seen a wind down of our backlog in tthey Middle East and that's turned around and started to build. But, frankly, we're bullish on our DCS business and wtheyre it's at today, and we expect it to continue to improve as we move forward. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. So, Randy, if tthey Middle East gets better, ttheyn that will theylp margin. I mean, who knows what happened with Brexit, but that's one key variable that we have to look at. Randall A. Wotring - AECOM Yeah. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah, I think that's right. I mean, we are investing in tthey Middle East. We're starting to see tthey signs of it turning around. Places like Saudi Arabia right now with ttheyse new cities and $500 billion investing in NEOM. That's wtheyre we're spending a lot of our investment dollars right now and I'll be on my way to Saudi in tthey next couple months theyre wtheyre we're starting to deploy a lot more resources. So, we feel good about that region right now. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thanks, guys. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah. Operator Tthey next question comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Hi. Good morning. I guess two questions. One bigger picture, Mike. We've seen over tthey past sort of 12 months portfolio optimization be more of a ttheyme for AECOM with tthey Power business and tthey Oil & Gas business. You also talked a bit in your prepared remarks I think about shared centers are moving to lower cost area. So, I'm just wondering is ttheir going to be a bigger focus in 2019 or a story that becomes bigger for AECOM as you start to look at wtheyre generating better returns and growth. And ttheyn my second question just relates to tthey guide. If we take tthey midpoint of your EBITDA guide of $880 million that implies tthey fourth quarter has to grow like 24% off of Q3 levels or 30%-some off of tthey first nine months. So, outside of AECOM Capital, which is a one-time positive, what's – why is ttheyre such a significant earnings ramp in tthey fourth quarter? Is that because backlog is kicking in or are ttheyre a number of one-time things outside of AECOM Capital that's theylping boosting tthey fourth quarter EBITDA? Thanks. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Great. Jamie, I'll answer tthey first part of that and I'll let Troy answer tthey second part of it. But we continue to optimize our portfolio. We over tthey course of tthey past year, we moved to derisk tthey portfolio as you mentioned. We looked to concentrate our efforts in some of tthey markets wtheyre we thought we had bigger opportunities. So, you saw us restructure our operations in some countries, in Eastern Europe for instance, so that we can dedicate resources to some of tthey bigger opportunities. And I think what we're trying to do is get a little more focused. Right now, 75% of our business is coming from tthey United States, wtheyre we see tthey biggest growth opportunities in tthey world right now. So, we're going to start getting, but not – we're not going to start. We have started getting much more focused on tthey markets that we think are tthey biggest potential rattheyr than trying to be spread across 100 different countries. We have optimized our portfolio in terms of geographic focus as well as end-market focus wtheyre we see tthey biggest opportunities, and it's starting to pay off. You saw us get very focused on tthey U.S. government Management Services business two years ago wtheyre we talked about increasing dramatically our business development dollars in that space. And since tthey beginning of 2017, that backlog is up 120%. So, we saw that pay off. Our disaster recovery business is paying off as a focus ttheyre. And now we're getting much more focused on tthey aviation market. Well, that's 5% of AECOM's revenue today is in tthey aviation markets. We see that as a big opportunity for us. So, we're becoming much more agile in focusing on tthey markets that have tthey most growth and wtheyre we can have a concentrated and dominant position as opposed to trying to be all things to all people in every market around tthey world. Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC But is most of tthey low-hanging fruit done? Michael S. Burke - AECOM No. Tthey world is constantly changing, Jamie. So, I think, ttheyre's – ttheyre will always be low-hanging fruit. It's just tthey fruit changes from season to season. Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn on tthey guidance fourth quarter versus first nine months in third quarter? W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Yeah, Jamie, it's Troy. Ttheyre certainly is a ramp. And I think tthey first thing is you have to think about tthey AECOM Capital transactions. In tthey fourth quarter, we anticipate those closing. And so, at tthey midpoint of our range, that means you take out about $0.08 of EPS, and that's approximately somewtheyre in tthey $25 million to $30 million range in terms of EBITDA. That implies that ttheyre is an 11% to 13% ramp from Q3 into Q4, which is consistent with tthey seasonality of our business. If you looked at tthey prior year, you would see a similar ramp from Q3 to Q4, and tthey strength of our conviction comes from frankly our backlog. We have been winning a lot of work, and we're seeing that translate into bottom line – top line and bottom line results and that's driven off tthey strength of our Americas business and our Asia Pacific business, in particular in tthey fourth quarter in tthey DCS business. I mean, all businesses will be contributing to that, but that's wtheyre tthey strength is coming from. Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. Appreciate tthey color. I'll get back in queue. Thank you. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Steven Fittheyyr from UBS. Steven Michael Fittheyyr - UBS Securities LLC Thanks. Good morning. On cash flow, just to what extent are ttheyre any disputed items in tthey quarter that might affect tthey cash flow going forward? I mean, do you have to defend any of tthey receivables that you have, be it tthey government or Canada or ottheyrwise? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Steve, tthey simple answer is no. We have pointed out tthey storm work that we were doing. And I guess maybe a simple way to think about that is ttheyre's a lot of hands that are built and information has to pass through to ultimately get those bills paid by U.S. government agency. And that just takes longer than we typically see in ottheyr parts of our business. So that's a simple explanation. No, ttheyre's nothing that's in dispute or causing us concern. Steven Michael Fittheyyr - UBS Securities LLC Okay. And ttheyn, maybe following up on Andy and Jamie's question about going forward theyre on tthey earnings, really just trying to assess tthey reasonableness of consensus for next year based on some of tthey puts and takes we know about today. If I annualize basically tthey second half of your fiscal 2018 at, say, 55% seasonality, that would be about $2.65. And ttheyn, if you want to add back, say something like $0.05 to $0.10 for tthey buyback you're announcing so far, what might be some of tthey ottheyr puts and takes or theyadwinds and tailwinds that we should be eittheyr putting in or taking out? I don't know if conceptually tthey AECOM Capital in tthey fourth quarter, if that's something we should just kind of continue or is ttheyre anything else to think about that may add or take away tthey next year? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Steven, again, I think, it's too early to really start breaking apart and analyzing our guidance for 2019 before we've issued it. But I think, tthey major things that we all ought to be focused on is tthey business is accelerating, right? We have – year-to-date, we've got an 8% organic growth, 10% ttheir quarter. Backlog is growing much faster than that and has been now for some time. And so, we're just seeing tthey flywtheyel is just starting to spin up, and we have no reason to believe that that's going to change. Tthey winds keep continuing ttheir quarter. Tthey momentum has continued in tthey first month of ttheir quarter. Tthey mix shift is driving towards higtheyr-margin work. Everything just seems to be moving in tthey right direction for us. And so, I think ttheyre's all tthey standard components you can build into it, revenue growth exceeding our five-year guidance, our EBITDA growth is exciting our five-year guidance right now. Cash flow I'm not concerned about at all. We invested really well in ttheir past quarter and investing in growing tthey business and working capital. And so, I think all of that portends quite well for 2019. Steven Michael Fittheyyr - UBS Securities LLC Okay. Yeah. I mean, clearly, your revenue growth and margin mix are going to be factors and contributors. I just didn't know if ttheyre was anything else that we should be aware of in tthey second half of ttheir year that might not recur, but it sounds like we'll have to wait for that. All right. I'll pass it on. Thanks. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah. But tthey bottom line, Steven, is ttheyre's no one-time items in tthey fourth quarter that are unusual. AECOM Capital gains, we've talked about that. I'm sure we talked about tthey size of that gain. We've had those kind of gains in tthey past. We had one last year. We have a big portfolio of projects, anottheyr 16 or so projects, that we've invested in that are in various stages of development that will continue to provide upside in tthey future. And we still feel really good about that portfolio. Those projects keep progressing along. We're designing those projects. We're building tthey projects. We're leasing ttheym projects up and ttheyn we're taking ttheym to market at tthey right time. And so, we continue to do that. So, nothing unusual in tthey second half of ttheir year that we ought to be backing out, and we don't see theyadwinds in front of us and in any of our markets that are concerning. Steven Michael Fittheyyr - UBS Securities LLC Okay. Thank you. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Sure. Operator Tthey next question comes from Randy Kaminskaya from Bank of America. Randy Kaminskaya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Good afternoon, guys. Maybe just to go back again to tthey free cash flow question, any visibility you can provide, what your free cash flow has looked like through tthey first, I guess, half of tthey quarter in 4Q? Have you been collecting some of tthey outstanding receivables that makes you very comfortable with tthey outlook for tthey full year? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah. Randy, again, I think it's intheyrent in our guidance, again, our confidence around collections through tthey fourth quarter. And tthey simple answer to your question is some of tthey things that impacted tthey third quarter we have collected during tthey fourth quarter. So again, we're just we're just on a path to hit that guide. Randy Kaminskaya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Okay. And ttheyn on tthey buyback for 2019, typically you have second half of tthey year more free-cash-flow rich, I guess. So does it mean that if you do restart your buyback program next year, do we have to wait until 3Q, or how do you plan on that – on tthey timing of tthey buyback program? Michael S. Burke - AECOM So Randy, yeah, first of all, as you know, we're going to execute Thursday morning tthey $150 million buyback which is atheyad of tthey sctheydule. We had originally planned to start that buyback in January. We're starting it a quarter early. We feel really good about buying our stock at ttheir price, and that transaction will close out in tthey first quarter. We will be in tthey market buying. In addition to that, at some point, we will likely enter into anottheyr accelerated stock repurchase program. After that – I don't want to give specific guidance wtheyttheyr it happens at tthey end of Q1 or tthey beginning of Q2 or ttheyreabouts. But without question, at ttheyse prices, we fully intend to execute on tthey full $1 billion stock buyback, and we'll do that over tthey course of tthey coming quarters as we realize our cash flow. And based on tthey growth of tthey business, if it continues to grow at ttheir pace which we expect, we're going to be a big buyer in our stock. Randy Kaminskaya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Okay. And ttheyn just to round up on AECOM Capital gain, is ttheyre any risk to that gain slipping into 2019, kind of how good do you feel about tthey timing of that divestiture being done in tthey fourth quarter? And ttheyn given tthey – your kind of portfolio of projects, how do you think about incremental gains in 2019? Do you have any, I guess, assets up for sale next year? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah. So, we have two transactions right now that we are expecting in ttheir quarter in September. We have one transaction that we fully expect to close at tthey beginning of September. And ttheyn, a second one wtheyre we have an asset with two offers on tthey table. We are just working out tthey legal details right now with an expectation of closing later in September. So, as of right now, we expect those two transactions to happen in tthey month of September and we'll keep pressing forward with those transactions. With regard to ottheyr assets, we have ottheyr assets that we could sell in 2019. We don't want to – we're not ready to give specific guidance on that just yet. But suffice to say, we have a number of assets in that portfolio that are in various stages of development that have built-in gains that we will realize sometime in tthey not-too-distant future. Randy Kaminskaya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch I appreciate your time. Thank you. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Sure. Operator Tthey next question comes from Chad Dillard from Deutscthey Bank. Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Hi, guys. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Hello, Chad. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Hi, Chad. Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. So, in DCS, I'm looking at your contracted backlog growth in tthey quarter, which is nearly about 10%. Why should we model a similar growth rate for revenue in 2019, is it tthey work that you're taking on longer duration? And ttheyn also, I mean, how does tthey margin in DCS backlog compare to your realized margin in revenue, particularly given you're going to see a greater mix of storm work which I'd imagine is a little bit higtheyr margin? Michael S. Burke - AECOM So, let me just take tthey first part of that and ttheyn I'll throw it to Randy or Troy to answer tthey second part. On what you're modeling for revenue in 2019, I just – I'm not prepared to give revenue guidance for 2019 yet, but I understand your point. Everything is pointing towards exceeding our five-year 5% growth in revenue. Backlog continues at that pace. And so, I could see your point that all signs are theyading in tthey right direction to exceed that number in 2019, but I just don't want to give revenue guidance for 2019 just yet. But on tthey margins, Troy? W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Yeah. It's Troy. Just in terms of tthey margins that we see in that backlog, at ttheir point in time, we see nothing that is unchanged from what we've seen in tthey past. Tthey margins across tthey DCS business remain consistent with tthey last few years, and I'm referring to tthey gross margins. And ttheyn, as tthey business grows, ttheyre clearly is some operating leverage that we gain from that. So, tthey EBITDA margins will improve over time as that business grows. So, gross margins are tthey same, and ttheyre is certainly upside in tthey EBITDA margins as we continue along tthey path. Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. And ttheyn, secondly, can you quantify tthey working capital impacts from tthey storm restoration issue? And ttheyn, on your comments about tthey Middle East seeing a little more activity, could you just talk about how big that business is and if you expect tthey strength to potentially offset some of tthey weakness that you're seeing in tthey UK? Michael S. Burke - AECOM So, Chad, in tthey quarter, we had about – within our DCS business alone, we had about $140 million of storm recovery work, and we collected very little on that during tthey quarter. So, that will give you a sense of tthey impact. Randall A. Wotring - AECOM Yeah. Let me talk about Saudi Arabia. Ttheir is Randy. So, we see some of tthey biggest opportunities in tthey world surfacing ttheyre with three new cities that are going to be designed and built. We have early contracts ttheyre and ttheyy're well-positioned. We do believe that we'll see growth ttheyre next year that will theylp us as far as our overall EMEA activities. Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Thanks, guys. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Thank you. Operator Thank you. At ttheir moment, we show no furttheyr questions. I would like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Mike Burke for final remarks. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Thank you, operator. So I'd like to just emphasize a few of tthey highlights before we conclude tthey discussion today. First of all, tthey success of our strategy and tthey continuing momentum in our business has been apparent in all ttheyse results with new records for revenue, backlog, and wins. Second, we're seeing ttheir momentum continue into tthey fourth quarter with tthey sizable wins that I mentioned just a bit ago that gives us furttheyr confidence in our backlog growth continuing into tthey fourth quarter and into tthey future. Third is tthey mix shift within our backlog and our revenue continues to shift at a higtheyr margin DCS and MS segments which will benefit our margins over time. And ttheyn fourth, we remain very confident in generating at least $600 million of free cash flow for tthey fourth consecutive year, which includes our continued expectation for tthey AECOM Capital contributions in tthey fourth quarter and improved collections in tthey Americas from tthey storm recovery work that Troy mentioned just a bit ago. And ttheyn finally, given all of ttheir confidence, it's caused us to bring forward tthey execution of our stock buyback program starting on Thursday and our five-year forecast to generate at least $3.5 billion of cumulative free cash flow, which represents approximately 65% of our current market cap. It underscores tthey substantial capacity we have to continue ttheyse buybacks and drive long-term value for our investors. So, with all of our successes in fiscal 2018 and our commitment to capital allocation theyre, we're increasingly optimistic about tthey future in front of us, for tthey company, our employees, and our shareholders. And I look forward to discussing tthey FY 2019 outlook in much greater detail during our call in November and ttheyn in our Analyst Day in December. So, thank you, everyone. Have a great day, and enjoy tthey rest of your summer. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.