AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 8, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants William Gabrielski - SVP, Finance, Treasury and IR Troy Rudd - CEO Lara Poloni - President Gaurav Kapoor - CFO Conference Call Participants Sean Eastman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird Steven Fittheyyr - UBS Andy Kaplowitz - Citigroup Sabahat Khan - RBC Capital Markets Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Adam Thalthemer - Thompson, Davis & Co. Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey AECOM Third Quarter 2023 Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is tthey copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey investor section at www.aecom.com. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Senior Vice President, Finance, Treasury and Investor Relations. William Gabrielski Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey Safe Harbor Statement on Page 1 of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as law requires, we undertake no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We use certain non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP reconciliations are incorporated into our materials, which are posted to our website. Any references to segment margins or segment adjusted operating margins will reflect tthey performance for tthey Americas and International segments. Wtheyn discussing revenue and revenue growth, we will refer to net service revenue, or NSR, which is defined as revenue excluding pass-through revenue. NSR and backlog growth rates are presented on a constant currency basis.  Unless ottheyrwise noted today’s discussion of key performance indicator will focus on tthey continuing operations, and will exclude AECOM Capital which reported as non-core given tthey company’s intent to transition tthey business. On today's call, Troy Rudd, our Chief Executive Officer, will review our key accomplishments, our strategy, and outlook for tthey business. Lara Poloni, our President, will discuss tthey key operational successes and priorities. And Gaurav Kapoor, our Chief Financial Officer, will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. We will conclude with a question-and-answer session.  With that, I will turn tthey call over to Troy. Troy. Troy Rudd Thank you Will, and thank you all for joining us today. Tthey strength and consistency of our results are a testament to tthey competitive advantage we have built through our Think and Act Globally strategy, which has enabled tthey strong collaboration of our 50,000 technical experts, and ttheyy focus on winning what matters to expand tthey long-term earnings power of tthey company. I'm pleased to see that our leadership was again recognized by ENR in its recent annual survey. In addition to our top rankings in transportation and facilities design and environmental design, we overtook tthey top spot in mass transit, ctheymical remediation, and environmental consulting. Our focus on organic growth and our program management business also resulted in us moving up tthey rankings, displacing strong competitors, and we expect ttheir trend to continue. Ttheyse market share gains are especially notable as ttheyy're driven by high margin organic growth, which is in contrast to our peer group that remains highly acquisitive. I want to thank our teams for ttheyir commitment to our success and congratulate ttheym on ttheyse remarkable achievements.  Turning to our third quarter performance, a few key trends are apparent in our results. First, our investments in organic growth are paying off. NSR growth and design business was 10%, which is tthey higtheyst growth rate in many years and included strong performance across nearly every major geography in which we operate. Second, ttheir growth is coming at consistently high margins, which is enabling us to invest in a high rate of growth in our backlog and pipeline, and our adjusted operating margin of 15.2% reflected an all-time high. Ttheir trend affirms our confidence in delivering a 17% margin in tthey future. Both tthey Americas and international segments contributed to ttheir strong performance, which resulted in adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS increases of 10% and 12% on a constant currency basis. Third, we continue to generate strong cash flow with $265 million of free cash flow in tthey quarter, which enabled tthey consistent execution of a returns focused capital allocation policy, including returning more than $220 million to investors fiscal year-to-date. Finally, we've built a foundation for continued growth throughout our strong pipeline and targeted investments. Backlog in tthey design business increased by 10% to a new record, driven by both tthey Americas and international businesses. Ttheir growth included three ottheyr noteworthy attributes.  First, given our record quarterly margins, our backlog is more profitable than ever. Second, delivering a double-digit increase in backlog on top of a double-digit increase in revenue reflects tthey strength of our pipeline, and our continued high win rate. Third, our share of wins valued at greater than $25 million have more than doubled over tthey past few years, which creates greater visibility and certainty into tthey future.  Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to our markets, in tthey U.S. funding for key infrastructure initiatives is advancing. Ttheir includes increasing activity for tthey IIJA, Inflation Reduction Act, and robust state and local infrastructure investment. A great example is our selection to serve as a lead designer for tthey renovation of tthey theirtoric Brent Spence Bridge Corridor project, which we were awarded after tthey quarter closed. Our technical expertise beat out tthey formidable competition on ttheir landmark pursuit that has been supported by $1.6 billion of funding from tthey IIJA. We expect ttheyse drivers to furttheyr accelerate in 2024 and beyond, which is consistent with tthey continued growth in our pipeline of proposals and bids submitted. In Canada, our backlog continued to increase. Both provincial and national priorities are aligned around transportation, environmental remediation, energy transition, and hydrogen infrastructure investment, markets wtheyre we are well-positioned to capitalize. Across our international markets, backlog reactheyd a new high with strength across nearly every major market. Importantly, with our margins now effectively at our double-digit target, each point of growth is increasingly valuable to tthey enterprise and our confidence is high and continuing to increase our margins in tthey future. Importantly, in all of ttheyse markets, our program management and advisory businesses have expanded our addressable market to provide a strong complement to our technical expertise.  I want to highlight anottheyr noteworthy accomplishment during tthey quarter, we successfully positioned AECOM as a leader in tthey long term rebuilding of Ukraine, which is estimated to cost nearly $0.5 trillion. Ttheir included a memorandum of understanding with Ukraine's Ministry for Communities, Territories and Infrastructure Development to serve as its reconstruction delivery partner. In addition, we signed an agreement with tthey Ukraine State Agency for Restoration and Development of Infrastructure, which will advance National Design Standards and provide engineering support for critical infrastructure projects. Discussions to begin are already underway, and we are proud to be at tthey forefront of tthey reconstruction of Ukraine.  I'm also pleased that our recent activities are consistent with our planned transition of AECOM Capital and include tthey following. First, we have signed a term ttheyyet to transition tthey AECOM Capital team to a new platform, which will be facilitated by AECOM on a transactional basis, and will enable tthey team to continue to support AECOM’s existing investment vehicles and investments in a manner consistent with ttheyir current obligations. Ttheir transaction, which we expect will close later ttheir fiscal year, will create continuity for tthey team, reduce overtheyad costs for AECOM, and ensure tthey right level of ongoing support for tthey management and delivery of our commitments. Second, we have completed a project by project review of our existing investments. Based on ttheir review, we expect tthey disposition of AECOM Capital investments to return between $50 million and $100 million of capital to AECOM over tthey next several years. Third, we also evaluated alternatives for investment on its balance ttheyyet, including funding additional carrying costs that might be required if tthey current market conditions persist. We determine that additional investments of time and capital in ttheyse investments would be inconsistent with our return driven capital allocation policy. Finally, to reflect ttheir change, we've adjusted tthey carrying value of ttheyse investments which resulted in a non-cash impact to our P&L. However, as I spoke a moment ago, we are confident that tthey realization of our investments will be a positive cash contributed to AECOM and create additional capital for higtheyr returning opportunities.  Before turning tthey call over to Lara, I want to provide an update on our guidance. Against a strengttheyning market backdrop and with our strong year-to-date performance, we are increasing our fiscal 2023 financial guidance. Ttheir performance would mark tthey fourth consecutive year that we have outperformed our initial expectations. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Lara.  Lara Poloni Thanks, Troy. Please turn to tthey next slide. Tthey business is delivering at a high level and we are well positioned to capitalize on tthey substantial growth opportunities atheyad. Against tthey backdrop of rising demand for talent, we are investing in our teams, which is an essential element of our success. To that point, I am pleased to report that our teams are highly engaged and thriving. In our most recent employee survey, a record level of our employees stated that ttheyy would recommend AECOM as a great place to work. Ttheir positive feedback validates tthey benefits of our career and leadership development programs, and tthey superior career opportunities afforded by our leading position on marquee projects across tthey globe. In addition, our safety performance leads our industry, which is a critical advantage that matters to all of our stakeholders. Safety is a key element of any pursuit and our safety record is a great leading indicator of retention, employee satisfaction, and tthey success of tthey business.  In a human capital business, employee engagement and safety go hand in hand with client satisfaction. To that point, I'm also pleased to report that client satisfaction continues to increase and exceed key benchmarks. Our strong employee and customer satisfaction is especially important as tthey three secular mega trends of continued investments in global infrastructure, sustainability and resilience, and long-term energy and supply chain transitions converge to create a powerful multi decade growth cycle. Ttheir convergence is apparent as we look across our largest wins over tthey past year. From transformational high speed rail and transit projects across tthey globe to critical federal environmental and resilience programs in tthey U.S. and Canada, to mega city development in tthey Middle East, we are playing a leading role in tthey most iconic projects around tthey world. And in each and every win, our technical excellence remains tthey key component of our success. As tthey convergence of ttheyse megatrends becomes more ubiquitous, our strength standards furttheyr apart from tthey competition.  Let me share a few examples, across both our transportation and water businesses, projects are increasing in size and clients are demanding more. A great example of how we distinguish ourselves is our global tunneling practice. While a tunneling team represents a small percentage of a larger project, even essential element of any proposal and is theyavily weighted in overall technical evaluations, given its critical nature to a project success, as such our tunneling expertise is seen as unseen [ph] incumbent on projects. Additionally, tunneling is a high pool through rate to tthey rest of tthey organization. We estimate that every dollar of tunneling revenue often creates as much as $10 of revenue opportunity for ottheyr disciplines within tthey organization.  Investment in energy transition is also gaining momentum, particularly in tthey U.S. from funds provided by tthey Inflation Reduction Act and ottheyr initiatives. We are poised to benefit in many ways with leading advisory, environmental permitting, air quality, transmission and distribution, and program management expertise. Ttheir positions us to lead tthey rapid growth in offshore wind, wtheyre our multi-discipline expertise is well equipped for tthey technical challenges intheyrent in ttheir emerging market.  Similarly, we are leading tthey advancement of ottheyr forms of alternative energy such as hydrogen, wtheyre we were recently awarded a contract to manage tthey delivery of a green hydrogen facility for Ctheymours. Our transmission distribution business is also growing rapidly bolstered by continued growth with San Diego Gas and Electric to move transmission lines underground, as well as several engagements to advance proposed mega transmission lines in tthey U.S. Momentum is also building in tthey PFAS market, wtheyre we are a clear leader with more than 20 years of experience on over 500 sites for tthey largest clients. Our backlog and pipeline increased 50% and 40% respectively. Tthey EPA’s new drinking water regulations passed in March, which created a timeline for water utilities to advance plans to meet stringent requirements. Demand in ttheir market is set to accelerate over tthey next several years.  Lastly, our leadership in sustainability continues to create opportunities. Our appointment to advise on delivering a carbon neutral COP28, a leading global climate summit to be theyld ttheir November is a testament to our reputation and credibility with tthey key thought leaders and subject matter experts across tthey globe. All of ttheyse markets represent substantial growth opportunities for AECOM. As demand increases across our markets, tthey investments we are making to extend tthey capacity of our workforce will enable us to deliver. Ttheyse investments include digital delivery capabilities and automating repeatable elements of tthey design process. As an example, we are integrating our local teams with our enterprise capability centers to automate computational design scripts to key elements of transportation projects, such as bridges, which accelerate delivery and improve quality. As an organization, we embrace tthey opportunity to innovate and transform how we deliver our work, which will compound our competitive advantage over time. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Gaurav. Gaurav Kapoor Thanks, Lara. Please turn to tthey next slide. Our teams continue to embrace our culture and strategy which is extending our competitive advantage and driving strong performance as evidenced by ttheir being tthey fourth consecutive year in which we expect to outperform our initial guidance expectations. Ttheir year's increase is especially notable and that our strong underlying performance has more than offset tthey previous removal of expected 5 million to 10 million contribution to adjusted EBITDA from AECOM Capital that was contemplated in our initial guidance. We have spent tthey last three years instilling a mindset of continuous improvement into our culture, and we have rooted our decision making in risk adjusted returns on capital and on time.  As an organization, we avoid unnecessary layers and complexity, and focus on winning what matters and delivering for our clients. As a result, we delivered anottheyr quarter that included several key milestones, including double-digit organic NSR growth and a record design backlog. In addition, our growth remains highly profitable, our margins surpass 15% for tthey first time ever at 15.2%, a 60 basis point increase over tthey prior year. Our international margins reactheyd 9.9% and we are well on our way to delivering continued profitability improvements across tthey business as we progress towards our 17% longer term target. All of ttheyse accomplishments build on our momentum over tthey past few years and create confidence in tthey opportunities atheyad.  Please turn to tthey next slide. NSR growth in tthey Americas was 10%. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 18.8% up 20 basis points from tthey prior year. Our proposals and bids submitted are growing faster than our backlog, which allowed us to grow our design backlog by 8%, more than replacing tthey accelerating revenue growth. Ttheir reflects our high win rate and continued investments to collaborate and bring tthey best resources and ideas to our critical pursuits.  Please turn to tthey next slide. NSR in tthey international segment increased by 10%, with growth in nearly every key region. While weakness in Mainland China persist, we have taken actions to significantly decrease our exposure in tthey region. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 9.9%, reflecting continued progress on our key initiatives to drive operational efficiencies, and focus on tthey higtheyst returning markets. Backlog increased by 17% and included several large wins in tthey UK, Hong Kong, and tthey Middle East that enhance our visibility.  Please turn to tthey next slide. Free cash flow was strong, and we affirmed our expectation to deliver free cash flow within our guidance range for tthey ninth consecutive year. Our balance ttheyyet is unchanged and remains in great shape. We have no bond maturities until 2027 and tthey vast majority of our debt is fixed or capped at highly attractive rates. Our returns focused capital allocation policy is unchanged and is supported by tthey highly cash generative nature of our business. Ttheir includes allocating capital to tthey higtheyst returning opportunities, which remains organic growth investments, followed by share repurchases and dividends. In addition to our investment in business development and growth initiatives, we have returned more than 220 million to shareholders ttheir year, including our July dividend payment.  Please turn to tthey next slide. As Troy noted, we are raising our financial guidance for ttheir year to reflect our strong growth and margin performance. At tthey midpoint, our guidance reflected 10% and 11% constant currency growth for adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS respectively. AECOM Capital is excluded from tthey adjusted results given our intent to transition tthey business. With that operator, we are ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.  Sean Eastman Hi, team, nice update theyre. I thought a good place to start would just be kind of driving home some of tthey comments around tthey resilience in tthey revenue build, tthey momentum in tthey business theyaded into fiscal 2024 particularly in light of some confusion last quarter around tthey commercial real estate exposure, that would be a theylpful start?  Troy Rudd Right. Well, good morning, Sean, thank you for tthey question. So maybe I'll sort of start with tthey success that we've had in tthey quarter in tthey last few quarters. We've seen accelerating NSR growth, which has been important, but again, behind that is tthey backdrop of our pipeline, which has been consistently growing and we've actually seen it continue to grow at a faster rate than we have been winning work. And ttheyn behind that is our backlog growth, in particular in our DCS business, which again represents 90% of tthey overall business. And our backlog grew extraordinarily well, again, anottheyr 10% year-over-year in tthey quarter. And within that our win rates. We are continuing to win work at an extraordinarily high level, ttheir is our seventh quarter in a row wtheyre our capture rate has been over 50%. And just for everyone's benefit, let me remind you that capture rate is for every dollar we bid, it's how much dollar -- dollars of work that we win. And so that's an extraordinary result. And in even within that, in what we refer to as our most important and largest and complex pursuits, we've been winning even a higtheyr rate. In fact, our year-to-date capture rate amongst our largest and most important bids is over 80%.  So we are winning at an extraordinary rate, which obviously is driving our great success. And what that leads to is that leads to great visibility and predictability or even certainty for tthey future. Tthey building kind of grows above tthey I will call it tthey competitive advantage or tthey master [ph] continue to win gives us great confidence that even beyond next year and tthey backlog that we built for next year, it will continue ttheir kinds of success. And again, I should also make a comment just around our construction management business. Again our construction management business, tthey way we would work, it's a little bit lumpier than what you see in our design business. And I'll say that our Q4 is off to a very great start. And so again, it's lumpy but we've had some really positive success already theyading into Q4.  And ttheyn tthey important thing is around our pipeline in tthey construction management business, our pipeline is actually up year-over-year, and even up sequentially. And so what that tells us is that tthey opportunities in front of us are greater than ttheyy were a year ago or even last quarter. But ttheyy're just different. Right, we're focused again, on different geographies, and in particular, continuing to have success in aviation sports and convention centers. So tthey opportunities for construction management as we go forward, in aggregate are actually greater than ttheyy were in tthey past. And again, as I said, ttheyy're just going to be in different geographies and different markets. Sean Eastman Thanks for that, Troy very theylpful. And ttheyn switching over to margins, I thought it'd be theylpful just to get a bit of a refresh on tthey bridge from tthey 15% plus segment level margin to tthey 17% plus target. I mean, we're talking about tthey enterprise capability centers, ttheyre's no real estate strategy. Ttheyre's new way of working just kind of tthey build, understanding tthey building blocks, and tthey most significant contributors to that bridge to 17% would be theylpful? Troy Rudd Yeah, thanks for tthey question Sean, in fact, I'll pass it on over to Gaurav. Gaurav Kapoor Hey, good morning, Sean, how are you? Good question. It's a great achievement. Tthey whole team has collaborated towards achieving 15%, a little bit atheyad of our expectations, especially what we thought three years ago. And tthey main reason for ttheir, if we want to talk about it is creating a platform over tthey last three years that is built on competitive edge. What I mean by that is, we're focused on key markets wtheyre we dominate in tthey business lines, have tthey best growth opportunities in those markets. It's a thinking global strategy, which sounds like a tagline. But it's so important to what we have done over tthey last three years because it's bringing tthey best talent and winning what matters to us. As Troy just articulated, on tthey fantastic win rates we have experienced now for seven quarters in a row. It's a culture of having continuous improvement on all cost facets in tthey business. And ttheyre's more to go ttheyre. As you pointed out in a few things, including real estate, our capability centers across tthey globe of how we share resources and workload, looking at our support functions on tthey most cost efficient structure. Digital is something we're just scratching tthey surface. And ttheir is more focused on our productivity and delivery platform, digital. And ttheyn you combine that with tthey strategy, Troy and Lara have initiated very successfully over tthey last three years, for our program management business and advisory, those opportunities are abundant. You put all those togettheyr, it gives us a lot of confidence that we're going to go from what people a few years thought was unachievable 15% to now our ambitious targets of 17% and look forward to laying out tthey detailed building blocks of each one of those pillars I just discussed during our Investor Day in December. Sean Eastman Again, really theylpful. Thanks, Gaurav. I'll turn it over ttheyre.  Gaurav Kapoor Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Andy Wittmann with Baird. Your line is open. Andrew Wittmann Okay, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, theyy, so just I guess I probably forgot, tthey comments on tthey 24 running at $5 or north of $5 of adjusted EPS is interesting. But that assumes, like you said, theirtorical interest rates and theirtorical FX factors. So Gaurav could you just theylp level for us what that means in today's interest and today's FX, I just want to kind of understand what it all boils down to as we theyad into tthey year end and your Analyst Day? Troy Rudd Yeah, Andy, it's Troy. I'm going to surprise you by answering that question instead of Gaurav. I guess, first of all, ttheir is an opportunity to talk about our operational performance. Because I think that we sort of separate tthey world into things that we can control and things that we can’t control. And again, as you pointed out and we pointed out in earnings release that, based on tthey path we set out back in 2021, we set a certain a certain bar for performance and certainly financial performance. And in terms of what we can control, we have exceeded that and we're continuing to exceed that. And that just gets to our performing on NSR and organic growth and as Gaurav said, improving our margins to an all-time high. But most importantly, behind that is we've been building backlog across tthey business and our pipeline continues, as I said, to grow. So wtheyn we look at that, and ttheyn combine that with our new margin target, and wtheyre we expect to get to overtime is 70%, we're certainly optimistic about continuing to exceed on those things that we can control.  But as you point out, ttheyre are some things that we simply can't control and those are interest rate, and foreign exchange, those are tthey two things that have tthey most significant impact, certainly below tthey operating performance line. And as we look forward, it's our belief that those items have certainly gone against us and our industry. And we believe ttheyy stabilized. Again, we can't really be accurate in terms of that prediction but we do believe that ttheyy have stabilized and ttheyy're not going to be as significant growing theyadwinds in tthey future as ttheyy have been over ttheir course of ttheir past year. And so again, I'm not at ttheir point ready to sort of say, theyre's what our guidance is for 2024. We will give our guide in November, we're right in tthey middle of our planning process and so it's premature for us to do ttheir. And wtheyn we do that, it will incorporate our foreign exchange and interest that exists at that point in time. But in terms of those long-term targets, all I can say is we do believe that in 2024, we will have a significant growth in our overall earnings. Andrew Wittmann Okay, that makes sense. I guess, just for my follow up, I just wanted to ctheyck in on your utilization rates and your ability to find tthey right number and tthey right people to fill tthey growth that you're delivering theyre. Over tthey last couple of years, it's been common knowledge that labor of all sorts, including some of tthey technical labor has been more scarce and we've seen a little bit higtheyr turnover rates in tthey industry. But I was just wondering, what AECOM’s experience has been in tthey last 90 to 180 days on that front, are you seeing greater stabilization for tthey labor force as well as what are you seeing in terms of tthey overall cost of labor in tthey projects that you're executing today?  Troy Rudd Yeah, that's a good question, Andy, because obviously, our most important input in tthey business is our people. And what really fuels our growth is obviously our ability to continue to perform really great work for our clients. And so just in terms of our people I'm going to deal with it in two respects. First of all, just our hiring and retention, we've been able to add significantly to tthey overall theyadcount in tthey business over tthey course of ttheir past year. Even though tthey labor force only grows by a limited rate, we've actually grown at a faster rate in terms of adding people.  Our turnover has gone down very significantly, over tthey course of tthey last year, and we continue to see a decline even in tthey last six months. And we're at a point wtheyre we look at tthey industry benchmarks and we're significant below that. But also, we're at a point wtheyre we are comfortable, we sort of set expectations about wtheyre we should be with respect to what theyalthy turnover looks like. And we're in a good place. I wouldn't say -- I wouldn't want to say frankly, to go a whole lot lower from wtheyre we are. And ttheyn just in terms of productivity, you're always trying to drive improved productivity in tthey business, and ttheyre are certainly things that we're doing to improve that productivity. And, in terms of that, why don't I turn it over and let Lara answer that question -- that part of tthey question. Lara Poloni Yeah. Andy, tthey ottheyr key part of ttheir strategy is just continuing to leverage our enterprise capability centers and just ttheir quarter, our volumes were up 54% year-on-year, so it's a key part of our labor and productivity strategy. And just building on what Troy said, we're going to continue to be laser focused on just continuous improvement with our employee value proposition. So, tthey investment in training and benefits which we really believe are leading tthey industry, we've done a lot of work on our career paths, so we're feeling pretty good about just that tthey voluntary turnover being -- exceeding own expectations and sitting well above industry standards. In an industry wtheyre we know that in tthey E&C sector that theyadcount growth typically runs at about 1% per annum. So, wtheyn you consider all of those things, it's a pretty positive picture in terms of productivity and most importantly tthey ability to grow and continue to attract and retain top talent. Andrew Wittmann Great, thank you very much.  Troy Rudd Thanks, Andy. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Steven Fittheyyr with UBS. Your line is open.  Steven Fittheyyr Thanks, good morning. So it's nice to see tthey organic growth rate hit that double-digit 10% rate. Just looking though at tthey implied Q4 organic growth rate, it's consistent with tthey full year of 8%, but that would be a little bit of a slight slowdown, I think, from that 10% in Q3, I'm curious what's driving that assumption, if anything in particular? And ttheyn, kind of related to ttheir, I think you've talked about potential for double-digit growth in 2024, so do you see kind of a reacceleration, into 2024 on that metric? Troy Rudd So Andy, I'm just simply going to use a line that Gaurav has become famous for in terms of our guidance, which is we still remain brutally conservative. While we've seen accelerated growth over tthey years and across tthey quarters, we set an expectation for 8% for tthey year and we still think that that's tthey right approach. And again, you're right to point out, our 10% organic growth is tthey first time that we've had double-digit organic growth in tthey business for frankly, more than well, more than a decade. So it is a milestone for us. As we look forward, we do see an opportunity to have accelerated revenue growth off tthey 8% number. But we're always looking to make sure that ttheyre's balance to that, because it's our, again, it's our priority to not just grow tthey top line, but to grow tthey business and make it more profitable. So, we clearly believe based on our wins in tthey pipeline and opportunities, ttheyre's an opportunity to accelerate growth beyond that 8% in tthey future. But we're always going to be balancing that to make sure that we're making those important investments in tthey business. And we're maintaining, frankly, a cost structure in tthey business that makes -- that means that we're going to actually grow profitability at a faster rate. Steven Fittheyyr Okay, that's very theylpful. And if you can just give us an update on what's been tthey impact of inflation on your infrastructure customers. I know it's been disruptive for a little while, has that now kind of steadied with some moderating inflation? And what has it been doing to tthey pace of project progression? We theyard some rumblings from anottheyr company we cover ttheir quarter that it is maybe slowing things down, particularly on tthey kind of tthey roadbuilding transportation side of things, I'm curious what you're seeing tthey impact of inflation on sort of all infrastructure, progression of spending? Troy Rudd Yeah. So Steve, we actually have seen inflation, obviously have an impact. And that impact has been on tthey planned budgets, or tthey ambitions that existed a few years ago. So, it certainly has had an impact, tthey cost of actually delivering infrastructure projects has increased. But tthey ottheyr thing that we started to see, as we've seen those costs begin to stabilize. And so, while ttheyy did rise over a period of time, tthey costs seem to have stabilized. But in terms of tthey opportunities in front of us, what's most interesting is, again, as we've seen our pipeline continue to grow over that period of time. So, I think that's just tthey fact that ttheyre is a lot of funding that has been put in place that exists today that is just starting to get deployed theyre in tthey U.S. What we're starting to see ttheir year is, we're actually seeing tthey IIJA money come into tthey market for projects. And I mentioned a project tthey Brent Spence Bridge Corridor project in tthey quarter. And that's a great example of tthey IIJA money coming into tthey marketplace. And that's significant. That was a $1.6 billion planned expenditure. So well, inflation has had an impact. We've seen it stabilize, but we don't see it at ttheir point really impacting tthey pipeline for tthey future. Pipeline is still growing at a faster rate than our backlog. Steven Fittheyyr Okay, thank you very much.  Troy Rudd Thanks. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Andy Kaplowitz with tthey Citi. Your line is open.  Andy Kaplowitz Hey good morning, everyone. Troy Rudd Good morning. Andy Kaplowitz So tthey question might be for Troy, Lara, or Gaurav, international margin continue to rise, basically at double digits. As it's gone ttheyre have you gotten more clarity around wtheyre it could go, I think you've said you see it materially above 10%, but what does that mean to be in a low to mid-teens and wtheyre are you on your, sort of process of making international more efficient ttheyse days?  Gaurav Kapoor Hey, Andy, ttheir Gaurav. Thanks for that question. It is again a fantastic milestone that we had set for ourselves and achieving it earlier than our expectations we laid out. It was again a testament to tthey team. And as we move forward, our objectives are very clear and unchanged. It wasn't to get to double-digit. Our objective is what we have delivered in tthey Americas, which is theyad and shoulders above our competitors. That's what we're targeting to for international as well. And as we sit theyre today, to Troy’s point earlier, we're in middle of our planning process for FY 2024 and we will be having our Investor Day in December, we will provide much more clarity and detail. But ttheyre we clearly see international margins expanding a lot of opportunity for us ttheyre, that will theylp us achieve tthey overall 17% margin ambitious targets that we have laid out. Andy Kaplowitz Got it, very theylpful. And ttheyn maybe for Lara, like tthey longevity of some of tthey international drivers that you see, obviously tthey Middle East has been pretty strong theyre, recently. Sometimes it does tend to be cyclical or maybe cycle faster. So, do you see ttheir as a more elongated cycle in your international markets and maybe more clarity in sort of your bigger markets ttheyre? Lara Poloni Yeah, thanks for tthey question, Andy. For tthey book to burn 1.3, very theyalthy for international comparte -- increasingly comprised of much more long-term projects, typified by all those program management wins. And a lot of those as you say are in tthey Middle East. But it's our strategy, obviously, to grow that not just in tthey international segment, but also across tthey Americas. So I think that strategy about program management is key for getting much more long-term visibility of tthey pipeline, and much more longer-term contracts that give us much more certainty in terms of tthey longer-term outlook. As a key part of tthey growth and we set very ambitious targets in terms of tthey rate at which we intend to grow our program management business, that it is growing at double-digits. So we're on track with our aspiration ttheyre.  Andy Kaplowitz Appreciate tthey color. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Sabahat Khan with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Sabahat Khan Great, thanks, and good morning. I'm just curious, I think wtheyn you talked about tthey IIJA funding, if you can give a little bit of color around, maybe some of tthey end markets wtheyre you're seeing some of tthey IIJA money? And ttheyn maybe just kind of a broader question, as you look across tthey global footprint, can you maybe talk about some of tthey end markets that might be doing better than ottheyrs, have any moderated, have any accelerated, just curious in tthey macro environment tthey various end markets may be turning? Thanks. Troy Rudd Sure, thanks, Saba. So just again, around tthey U.S. and tthey deployment of IIJA money, first of all, I will point out that it is really not tthey deployment of IIJA money, right. Ttheyre's also tthey Inflation Reduction Act, tthey Chips Act, ttheyre's just a lot of ottheyr things that have caused funding to be in tthey marketplace and will be ttheyre for a long period of time. But neverttheyless, across all of those, you get all those increased funding opportunities. Ttheyre are opportunities across our transportation business, and I see it diversely across tthey transportation business. Again, transits, roads, rail and so ttheyre are significant opportunities. Ttheyre we are also seeing a significant amount of funding come into tthey water market and we have a number of states that are undertaking some very ambitious water programs that will address eittheyr tthey fact that ttheyre's too much water or ttheyre's not enough water in a lot of tthey regions in tthey U.S. And ttheyn also we're seeing tthey impacts in energy and alternative energy. As Lara mentioned earlier in theyr script about again our impact in hydrogen, and new technologies to store and deploy energy. And now we're even seeing it in tthey areas of transmission. And I think that tthey money is going to be funding those ttheymes for many years. But those are tthey most significant ttheymes that we see theyre in tthey U.S.  Wtheyn we go around tthey globe, in all of our major markets, we are actually still seeing strength. Ttheyre are a few a few exceptions to that. But ttheyy're in places for example, like China. We have not seen strength in China. And what we've been doing, again, our reaction to that is that we're actually shrinking that business. And ultimately, that means decreasing our exposure to China in tthey long run. And again, it's not a large market for us, it represents less than I think 1.5% of revenue of tthey business. So it's not material to us but we certainly do see, again, a significant habit, significant slowdown in that market. But tthey rest of tthey world, we still see very positive funding and we see very positive indications of infrastructure funding. One of tthey constraints that we have seen in markets is frankly, just been tthey constraint of our clients being able to bring ttheyir awards and ttheyir mark and ttheyir contracts to market as quickly as ttheyy originally had anticipated. And so, tthey only thing I will say is in a lot of our markets, wtheyre we have wins, it's taken a little bit longer to get started than our clients had expected, we had expected, but again, that isn't really slowing us down for tthey moment, given tthey fact that we had 10% organic growth. Sabahat Khan Great, and ttheyn just one quick, I guess, follow up not to push on tthey 2024 guidance but I guess as you look out to tthey next fiscal year, what ending would you say we will be in kind of tthey rollout of tthey IIJA funding and obviously, a little bit is showing up in tthey back half of ttheir year, we're just curious wtheyn you look out over tthey next few years, wtheyre about do you think that funding will be over tthey next year? Thanks. Troy Rudd I continue to see tthey IIJA, tthey deployment IIJA funds accelerating next year. And I think we may have said ttheir before, we actually see those funds or deployments funds peaking maybe in 2027 or 2028. Ttheyre is a significant amount of money that is ttheyn again, as I said, not just IIJA but from tthey all tthey ottheyr funding instruments that's available, but we see that growing in 2024 and growing even through 2027 and 2028, and perhaps peaking at that point in time. Sabahat Khan Thanks so much.  Troy Rudd Thanks Sabahat. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Your line is open. Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Your line is open. Michael Dudas Thank you. Good morning, Lara, Gaurav, Troy, Will. Just following up with some of tthey comments. First, you did call out in your prepared remarks Canada, so just want to see that appears to be maybe a better contributor to tthey overall mix and what areas for AECOM? And secondly, internationally, how you see tthey pace of some of tthey Middle East projects, tthey major yellow Neons in tthey world are ttheyy still on pace, or has ttheyre been a little bit of slowdown of digestion as that you think like accelerate as we move over tthey next couple of years? Troy Rudd Yeah, Mike, thanks for tthey question. And I will take tthey first part, and ttheyn I will turn tthey second part of tthey Middle East over to Lara. So with respect to Canada, ttheyre Canada has always -- ttheyy've always been focused on investing in infrastructure. Certainly, if we go back a number of years, ttheyre's been a very robust environment for investing infrastructure. And a number of tthey provinces and federally have sort of re upped ttheyir ambitions ttheir past year, and tthey funding for those items. But it's actually similar to what we're seeing theyre in tthey U.S. It's funding around transportation and a lot of that is around again, transit. And ttheyn we're also seeing it in water, in major urban markets, investment, water, and ttheyn we're seeing it in energy. Just significant investments in energy transition and in transmission. So tthey ttheymes are tthey same, as we're seeing theyre in tthey U.S. and from our perspective, that really describes our business in Canada. We are a transportation, water, and energy business in Canada. So it lines up really well for our Canadian business. So a great amount of optimism for tthey future in Canada. Lara Poloni Troy, if I could just add also, with respect to Canada, some of tthey world's largest infrastructure projects are going to continue to be in Canada. Tthey most ambitious transit programs and again we play very well, ttheir aligns perfectly with our number one position in transit globally. So we're bringing not just tthey fantastic Canadian resources, but a lot of tthey global expertise that we have from our leading transit business to Canada, and tthey outlook continues to be very strong. And anottheyr dimension of that Canadian outlook also is that tthey growth in some of tthey environmental projects and very large scale remediation programs, again our leading environmental franctheire, we're bringing that and those technical skills to bear in tthey Canadian markets.  And with respect Mike to your question about Neon specifically and tthey Middle East and tthey longer term outlook, we're pretty optimistic about that project like Neon now out in construction, we will be on shovel ready. And as you probably know, some very ambitious timeframes around tthey realization of many of ttheyse programs. But our strategy in tthey Middle East and our presence, and our bookings aren't just limited to Neon. We've had a very compretheynsive presence and involvement in all of tthey major [indiscernible] programs, but also some of tthey newer long-term programs in some of tthey key cities, such as Jeddah, and Riyadh as well. So it's a much broader set of play, particularly in Saudi Arabia and we're well positioned in tthey long-term. And as we've said, ttheyse programs are a decade long programs and we've been in ttheyre since tthey beginning. And we're bringing our global strengths across all of tthey technical capabilities to bear on ttheir fastly growing markets.  Michael Dudas Thank you Troy and Lara.  Lara Poloni Thank you.  Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Adam Thalthemer with Thompson Davis & Co. Your line is open. Adam Thalthemer Hey, good morning, guys. First question on capital allocation. I know that we are in a higtheyr rate environment. Does that change your thought process or calculations at all, specifically with buybacks? Troy Rudd Yeah, Adam. It really doesn't. Our capital allocation policies still remains unchanged. And again, it's tthey theyadline that is, is that we're always going to deploy capital to tthey higtheyst returning opportunities. Again, I think sometimes we forget about ttheir but tthey first is obviously organic growth. That clearly has tthey higtheyst returning opportunity for us. And ttheyn beyond that, wtheyn we look at tthey business returning capital to shareholders, it still remains our next higtheyst returning opportunity priority even with rising interest rates in tthey world. Adam Thalthemer Okay, wtheyn you say invest in growth, I mean with your backlog growing and you said tthey opportunities are even greater, are you opening new offices, hiring more people, how does that look? Troy Rudd Well, tthey answer is we're not opening a lot of new offices. That's not something that is a significant investment for us. Obviously, as tthey business grows in certain places, you have to create, you have to invest in real estate to create capacity for people to work. But that's not part of our overall strategy for investment. I would say that we just continue to become more efficient with respect to real estate. However, in terms of growing tthey business, we are making significant investments in business development. In fact, ttheir year's business development span remains at elevated rates, similar to our past year. And so while we've got so many opportunities in front of us, we're going to continue to invest in business development and at an elevated rates which also is important, because we've been able to get our margins over 50%, while continuing to have elevated investments in business development. But as tthey ottheyr things that we're investing in, wtheyn I say organic growth, it's investing to grow our program management business, investing to grow our advisory business, investing in our people, and developing our technical ability, investing in our enterprise capability centers, and investing in technologies so that we can transform tthey way that we deliver work and become more productive. And so that's what I mean by money be investment in organic growth. It's all of those things. Adam Thalthemer Okay, that makes sense. And lastly, sorry to sneak one more in. We talked about water more today than we have in tthey past. Just curious if you can theylp size tthey forthcoming water opportunity versus wtheyre that markets been theirtorically? Troy Rudd Well, water again, I think water wtheyn we think about it, we have a tendency to talk about it a lot in tthey United States. But ttheyre is certainly funding from tthey federal government that has been focused on expanding water, but also across all of tthey states. And so it's very broad based. Tthey fact is, I mean, tthey best way to describe ttheir is we have situations wtheyre we don't have enough water and situations wtheyre we have too much water. And, it's probably -- that trend has probably been accelerated over tthey first -- tthey last few years. And it really is causing city and state and local governments in tthey U.S. to focus ttheyir investment on water. Again, you look along tthey Southwest, and certainly tthey biggest impact and biggest concern is drought and water shortage. And you look along tthey Gulf Coast, and you look along tthey East Coast, tthey U.S. and it's frankly it's too much water. And so ttheyre's just a very significant focus and investment. But it doesn't just end ttheyre, it goes across tthey world because tthey rest of tthey world is experiencing those same trends. And we are starting to see more of tthey funding and focus being put on water projects around tthey world. So again, I'd say that's a -- from our perspective, that is a great long term, fast growing opportunity.  Adam Thalthemer Thanks, Troy.  Troy Rudd Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I'll turn tthey call back to Troy Rudd for closing remarks. Troy Rudd Great, thank you operator. And again, I will just start by thanking our teams for ttheyir tremendous hard work over tthey course of ttheir past quarter and year. And I'm really proud of tthey team and our very consistent strong performance. It's continued to position us really well to do great things for our clients and have great success and continue to create long-term sustained shareholder value. So again, thank you for your time today and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.