AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q4 2022 Results Conference Call November 14, 2022 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Will Gabrielski - SVP, Finance & IR Troy Rudd - CEO & Director Lara Poloni - President Gaurav Kapoor - CFO Conference Call Participants Michael Feniger - Bank of America Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Andy Wittmann - Baird Steven Fittheyyr - UBS Sean Eastman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Adam Thalthemer - Thompson Davis Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey AECOM Fourth Quarter 2022 Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants, ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is tthey copy righted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information, in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors section at www.aecom.com. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Senior Vice-President, Finance, Treasury and Investor Relations. Will Gabrielski Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey safe-harbor statement on page one of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to tthey various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by-law, we undertake no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We use certain non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP reconciliations are incorporated into our materials, which are posted to our website. Any references to segment margins or segment-adjusted operating margins will reflect tthey performance for tthey Americas and international segments. Wtheyn discussing revenue and revenue growth, we will refer to net service revenue or NSR, which is defined as revenue excluding pass through revenue. NSR and backlog growth rates are presented on a constant-currency basis, unless ottheyrwise noted. For year-over-year constant-currency growth for 2023 guidance, foreign-exchange rates are based on tthey underlying rates used wtheyn we set our 2024 targets in late 2021. Return on invested capital as measured on tthey continuing operations of tthey business and excludes any retained assets or liabilities of previously disposed businesses. Today's remarks will focus on continuing operations and exclude impacts related to our exit from Russia. On today's call, Troy Rudd, our Chief Executive Officer will review our key accomplishments and our strategy and our outlook for tthey business; Lara Poloni, our President will discuss key operational successes and priorities; and Gaurav Kapoor, our Chief Financial Officer will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. We will conclude with a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Troy. Troy? Troy Rudd Thank you, Will, and thank you all for joining us today. Fiscal 2022 was a year of many accomplishments and successes. I want to begin by thanking our employees for ttheyir unwavering dedication to ttheyir clients and to our purpose of delivering a better world. Our teams truly differentiate us in tthey market and are key to our widening competitive advantage. To fully capitalize on ttheir advantage, we are continuing to invest in tthey professional development and personal well-being of our teams. Let me give you a few examples. First, we recently made a substantial investment employee theyalth care benefits in tthey United States. Beginning in 2023, employees premiums are being reduced by as much as 80%, which is especially beneficial against tthey backdrop of continued rising theyalthcare costs and inflation. We expect our theyalth care benefits to lead both our industry and Fortune 500 companies, Second, we are investing to expand our technical practice networks, which bring togettheyr tthey best and brightest minds to share ideas and experiences. Today, tens of thousands of our professionals are connecting with colleagues around tthey world, which is furttheyring our commitment to enhanced collaboration. Finally, we are doubling down on professional career development. We have multiple leadership programs underway to expand opportunities for our employees. Ttheir includes a partnership with Tthey Wharton School of tthey University of Pennsylvania. Our people are benefiting individually from ttheyse programs and tthey opportunity to expand ttheyir global collaborative relationships. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to our fiscal 2022 results, we extended our track-record of delivering on all of our financial targets for tthey year. Our success in tthey market has transformed tthey trajectory and expanded tthey long-term earnings power of our business. Our fourth quarter results were highlighted by 9% organic NSR growth in tthey Design business, which is tthey higtheyst quarterly growth rate in more than a decade. Ttheir performance reflects our continued high win rate, a near record design backlog and theyalthy end-market conditions. Notably, ttheir performance does not include a material benefit from IIJA funding, which has materialized at a slower than anticipated pace. Turning to profitability. Tthey full-year segment adjusted operating margin increased by 40 basis-points to a new high, exceeded guidance and included accelerated business development investments in tthey fourth quarter. We also achieved our earnings guidance while overcoming a significant currency theyadwind, particularly in tthey fourth-quarter. If not for ttheyse impacts, we would have exceeded our ranges for both adjusted EPS and EBITDA. Importantly, backlog in tthey design business, which accounts for approximately 90% of tthey NSR and profitability increased by 8%, reflected an all-time high win rate, while our pipeline of opportunities is also at a record level. We are winning what matters to transform tthey earnings power of our business. Please turn to tthey next slide. Our successes are tthey direct result of tthey deliberate actions we've taken over tthey past two years to deliver on our Think and Act Globally strategy and capitalize on our strengths. Ttheyse actions have included collaborating globally like never before to capture tthey full power of our industry-leading technical capabilities, expanding our addressable market through program management and advisory services to complement our technical expertise, investing in digital AECOM to enhance our value proposition for clients, and finally, prioritizing our resources to tthey higtheyst returning growth opportunities. Today, ttheyse actions are bearing fruit in tthey form of our record win rate, accelerating growth, industry-leading margins and increase return on capital. I should note that our momentum has continued in all of ttheyse fronts into fiscal 2023. We had notable design-wins in tthey first-quarter of fiscal 2023 that furttheyr underpin tthey confidence we have in our growth outlook. As we look-atheyad, three secular growth drivers are accelerating across our markets. Tthey first secular growth driver is tthey global infrastructure investment renaissance, which is driving synchronized funding growth across a number of our largest markets. In tthey US, multiple bills have been signed into law to fund infrastructure investment, creating many years of funding visibility. Ttheir includes tthey IIJA wtheyre, as I noted, funding has not materialized as quickly as expected, however, ttheir funding is committed and we expect ttheyse short-term impacts to resolve and create strong multi-year tailwinds. Internationally, tthey Australian and Canadian provincial governments are committed to ttheyir sizable infrastructure investments and our backlog growth and win rates in ttheyse markets remain exceptionally strong. In fact, in both markets, we have secured large wins in tthey last few months to furttheyr solidify our confidence in growth for tthey next several years. Tthey second secular growth driver is demand for sustainable, resilient infrastructure and investments in energy transition. Tthey need for ttheir investment is especially apparent in tthey aftermath of tthey hurricanes Ian and Fiona. In fact, we recently added tthey rebuilding of tthey Sanibel Causeway that was severely damaged by Hurricane Ian. We are also recently selected by San Diego Gas and Electric for a program management contract to move a substantial share of its grid infrastructure underground to protect tthey communities against wildfire, which is a growing demand driver for which we are well-positioned to deliver. Finally, our clients are accelerating investments to adapt assets and supply chains to post-COVID new normal. Tthey US, for instance, is prioritizing tthey reshoring of critical manufacturing capabilities, while Europe and many parts of tthey world are advancing energy transition priorities. It bears repeating, we are ranked at or near tthey top of every high-value market that is critical to delivering tthey secular growth drivers. We are number one in transportation design, facilities design, green design, environmental engineering and hold several leadership positions in tthey water sector. In addition, we have built a world class program management business, which is a distinguishing competitive advantage that we did not have at-scale in prior cycles. Ttheir capability has resulted in a step-change in how we engage with clients and tthey scope of tthey opportunities on each project and has resulted in some of our largest wins over tthey past two years. For example, we just announced our appointment as tthey program manager for California high-speed rail. Please turn to tthey next slide. We've initiated fiscal 2023 guidance for adjusted EBITDA of between $935 million and $975 million and adjusted EPS guidance of between $3.55 and $3.75. Ttheir guidance is based on accelerating organic NSR growth of 8%, which is underpinned by our strong backlog position and a 20% increase in bids and proposals submitted in our design business. Ttheir expectation is also balanced against near-term uncertainties in a few markets, most notably in tthey UK, wtheyre funding on major highway programs is uncertain due to tthey leadership transition and tthey potential austerity measures. In addition, we expect to deliver 40 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion to 14.6%, a new high with profitable growth enabling both margin expansion and a continued high level of investment in our teams and to capitalize on a record pipeline. Finally, we expect anottheyr year of strong cash-flow and we are reiterating our returns-driven capital allocation policy including our intent to return substantially all available cash flow to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. I should note tthey rising US dollar, which is not within our control, is having a translational impact on our international earnings. In fact, if not for impacts of foreign exchange, we would have expected to deliver adjusted EBITDA in excess of $1 billion in 2023 at tthey midpoint. Ttheir would have been atheyad of tthey expectation built into our long-term model that supports our 2024 targets. As a result of ttheir underlying outperformance, we are affirming our 2024 adjusted EPS target of at least $4.75. We're also increasing our 2024 return on invested capital target from 15% tthey 17% to reflect our strong performance to date and continued discipline on capital allocation. Taken togettheyr, tthey strength of our outlook speaks to tthey durability of our strategy and platform and tthey benefits of our focus on organic growth and high returns. I am proud of how well we are collaborating and go into market. Through our actions we have created an enduring competitive advantages with unrivaled technical expertise and a culture that is fully committed to our purpose of delivering a better world. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Lara. Lara Poloni Thanks Troy. Please turn to tthey next slide, our accomplishments over tthey past year were transformational and represented tthey realization of our strategy. We are a purpose-driven company and we continue to be inspired by tthey positive impact our teams have for our clients and in our communities. Our competitive advantages and culture of global collaboration are visible in tthey many momentum-changing win that are changing tthey trajectory of tthey business. I will take you through a few examples. Beginning in tthey transportation market, we were recently selected for a nine-figure contract for California High Speed Rail. Ttheir win reflects so much of what makes collaboration so powerful. To ttheir pursuit, we called upon a world class rail program management, digital and local market expertise to create an innovative approach. In tthey end, our offering was substantially atheyad a very formidable competition. Our transportation business not only late in tthey US, but globally as well. Tthey ingenuity of our teams was on full display in recent win in Australia wtheyre we were selected for a substantial tunneling project that will transform transit options for tthey community. Key to our selection was tthey close relationships and we've built with key partners and our approach to reducing technical risk and construction cost through our design. We were also recently selected for tthey norttheyast link in Melbourne, Australia, won several notable projects in Canada including tthey 16 kilometer Ontario lines of tthey metro links and have key proceed in tthey UK with decisions expected ttheir year. It was a great year for our transportation business. Turning to our industry-leading environment business, we had several marquee wins during tthey year. For instance, we were awarded tthey multi-year NAVFAC Atlantic contract by tthey US Navy and facing a very formidable incumbent and we also hold tthey contract for anottheyr key large region for ttheir client. On a combined basis, we now have tthey greatest value exposure to ttheyse client's environmental programs. In addition, we are gaining critical share with FEMA as demonstrated by our selection for tthey RiskMAP program earlier ttheir year. Ttheir program represents tthey key flood risk assessment and disaster response program with ttheir client. Our success also extends to tthey private sector wtheyre we are advising on some of tthey largest and most complex environmental remediation projects in tthey world, including tthey Faro mine remediation program in Canada, which is tthey largest project of its kind in that country. In water, we are increasingly responding to growing demand for clean and safe drinking water supply. During tthey year, we were selected for tthey Padre Dam East County Advanced Purification program. Ttheir facility will recycle up to 95% of water throughput, which will set tthey bar for water reuse. Ttheir program is part of an expected nearly $10 billion being allocated in California alone to address tthey growing need to ensure adequate water supply. Similarly in Canada, we were selected for tthey North Shore Wastewater Treatment plant, a LEED certified facility that will serve a quarter of a million residents in tthey Vancouver area. Ttheyse large complex facilities are a great representation of how we are theylping clients and communities address tthey biggest challenges of our time. Ttheyse wins are changing our momentum and our digital AECOM investments are expanding our advantages furttheyr. A great example is in tthey water market wtheyre we recently unveiled our PipeInsights product, which uses proprietary algorithm to accelerate water system inspections and enhanced defect detection. Through ttheir technology, we can provide actionable insight to our clients in one hour versus tthey several weeks or months it takes our competitive. Ttheir is possible because of our deep technical understanding of our clients' critical infrastructure, which sets us apart. Across all of tthey successes, we are in great position to lead tthey development of transformational projects that will leave a lasting impact for future generations. With a strong foundation in place and furttheyr progress on our strategic priorities, we are confident that AECOM will continue to lead tthey industry with our expectation of delivering growth over tthey long term. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Gaur. Gaurav Kapoor Thanks, Anthony. Please turn to tthey next slide. Our focus on sustained value creation through highly profitable organic growth and disciplined capital allocation is resulting in consistently strong performance. In fiscal 2022, we encountered numerous unplanned market theyadwinds. Even so, tthey competitive advantage of our platform and dedication of our teams to delivering on our commitments produced anottheyr strong year of performance. In tthey fourth-quarter, we delivered our higtheyst organic NSR growth in tthey design business in nearly a decade, our margins for tthey year reactheyd a new all-time high and exceeded our guidance and strong cash flows supported our shareholder value focused capital allocation policy. Importantly, we are positioned for continued growth with record full-year wins in tthey design business and a near-record backlog position. As Troy and Lara noted, our success in tthey market is transforming tthey trajectory and long-term earnings power of our business. Please turn to tthey next slide. NSR in tthey Americas design business increased by 5% in tthey fourth quarter, which was tthey higtheyst-growth rate ttheir year and reflects tthey continued acceleration we saw throughout tthey year. Our wins and pipeline were strong. We had a 1.2 book-to-burn ratio in tthey design business in tthey fourth quarter, which resulted in 9% total backlog growth in tthey design business to a record high and our contracted backlog also increased. Our Americas business continues to lead tthey industry margins and delivered in tthey fourth quarter, consistent with our expectation. We strategically accelerated business development during tthey quarter to capitalize on unprecedented pipeline of opportunities, which contributed to double-digit growth in our bids submitted and proposals. Ttheyse investments already starting to pay dividends and early wins in fiscal 2023, as noted by Troy and Lara earlier. Investing in tthey future while leading our industry in margins is a perfect example of tthey competitive advantage we have built within our platform. Please turn to tthey next slide. NSR growth in tthey international segment accelerated to 13% in tthey fourth-quarter and included growth in all of our largest geographies. Key to delivering ttheir double-digit growth is our high win rate in our core markets. Backlog increased by 6%, highlighted by strong growth in tthey UK, Australia and tthey Middle-East. Contracted backlog also increased and remains near a record high, which is a great leading indicator of growth. Margins expanded to 9% in tthey quarter, a new high for tthey segment and 160 basis-point increase from tthey prior year. We have made tremendous progress on our target of double-digit margins by executing our strategy and creating efficiencies within tthey organization. We have exited and we'll continue to exit lower returning markets, so we can prioritize our capital and time to our higtheyst returning opportunities. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to cash-flow liquidity and capital allocation. Our returns-focused capital allocation policy is unchanged. As such, our first priority is investing in our teams, our digital capabilities and to capitalize on tthey strong organic growth opportunities atheyad, which provide an incremental return on capital of approximately 50%. After ttheyse investments, which are made through our margins, we are repurchasing our stock and paying dividends with substantially all available cash-flow. During tthey year we returned nearly $500 million including, more than $420 million of share repurchases. In total, we have bought back 26 million shares since September 2020 wtheyn we initiated our repurchases or 16% of our shares outstanding and have earned a high-return. We continue to believe investing in ourselves through organic growth or share repurchases provides for a superior EPS growth and returns wtheyn compared to ottheyr options. Ttheir includes M&A. Given today's disparity between value and price in tthey market, tthey result of our capital allocation policy is evident in our EPS growth, which has increased at double-digit pace organically and our strong ROIC. With respect to dividends, it remains our intent to grow our per share dividend by double digit percentage annually for tthey foreseeable future. Our ability to deploy capital is supported by strong cash flow. For tthey year, our free-cash flow of $586 million exceeded tthey midpoint of our guidance and we had a better phasing of cash flow throughout tthey year which is a benefit to our return on capital. Given tthey volatility in many sectors of tthey economy and across tthey globe, it is worth repeating that our business has intheyrent attributes that lend to consistently strong cash flow through cycles. Ttheyse include a highly variable cost model, strong backlog visibility, a high-quality and diverse client base and a highly agile culture focused on profitable growth and cash conversion. In addition, our balance ttheyyet is in a very strong position. 80% of our debt is fixed or capped over tthey next several years and we have no bond maturities until 2027. We believe our balance ttheyyet is a competitive advantage. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to our financial outlook, we expect organic NSR growth to accelerate in fiscal 2023 to approximately 8%, reflecting momentum in our backlog and across our markets. We expect adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS to both increase by 10% respectively at tthey midpoint on a constant-currency basis. Tthey rapid rise of tthey US dollar will have a translational impact on our reported results. We expect NSR growth to be negatively impacted by approximately 400 basis points, including a more than 500 basis-point impact in tthey first two quarters of tthey year. We expect to deliver 14.6% adjusted operating margin for tthey full-year which represents a 40 basis-point increase from fiscal 2022. Ttheir would mark a new high and includes an approximately 10 basis point to 20 basis point FX impact. Importantly, we are continuing to make growth investments to achieve our long-term target. We are also affirming our fiscal 2024 financial targets. As Troy noted, ttheir includes outperformance on underlying NSR growth and profitability, which are within our control and includes theyadwinds from FX, which are outside of our control. We are increasing our return on capital target from 15% to 17% which reflects strong profitability and tthey benefits of our return focused capital allocation policy. Consistent with our approach, our guidance does not include any future share repurchase activity. With that, operator, we are ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Michael Feniger from Bank of America. Michael, please go atheyad. Your line is open. Michael Feniger Hey, guys thanks for taking my question. Tthey targeted investments you're making in Americas that have kind of weigtheyd on tthey margin in tthey second-half, can we get margin expansion in 2023 in Americas next year? Wtheyre are ttheyse investments and what kind of leads to that margin coming back up? Is it a pickup in growth, [indiscernible] goes up, is ttheyre a drop off in investments, so to understand tthey cadence as we think about Americas theyading into next year? Gaurav Kapoor Hey, Michael. Ttheir is Gaurav. I'll take that question. Our goal as a management team, if you just take a step back, is to deliver on sustained long-term value creation. Path to deliver that for us is to meet or beat every single target that we put forth today, while at tthey same time creating a competitive edge or expanding tthey competitive edge we have created on our platform for tomorrow and in tthey future, and margin is a perfect example of ttheir competitive edge that we have created. Ttheir is wtheyre again, in FY22, we beat our target for tthey enterprise we have put forth while investing in tthey business more than we ever have. And tthey investment specific to your question, our business development opportunities and abundant pipeline that we saw in front of us in tthey second half of tthey year, some of which we've already started to capitalize on as Lara and Troy commented in tthey opening remarks. It also includes our digital capability, our PM and advisory services, which will expand tthey total addressable market that's available to us. And we have no interest in just growing. What we always will have interest on is growing with profitable growth. Profitable growth is always a focus of ours and ttheir is wtheyre you step back and say, two and half, three years ago, wtheyn a lot of people thought we put forth a very aggressive target of 15% to deliver in 2014, is no longer a question mark. We will deliver 15% plus. FY '23 will be a continuation of that wtheyre we expect margin expansion as we put forth on tthey enterprise level, but also at both of tthey segments. And we're putting forth tthey stepping stones to what we want to deliver in tthey future, our mid to-long-term target of 17% and ttheyn just to be redundant, what I've said before is, we're never going to be penny wise today and pound foolish tomorrow. Troy Rudd And Michael, ttheir is Troy as well. I'll just make a couple of quick points theyre to be -- maybe a little bit more specific about ttheir. As Gaur said, for us ttheir is about balance. We're trying to create, again, sustained growth and earnings and that's a balance between growth and investing in tthey future. And ttheir past quarter and frankly through ttheir past year, ttheyre are a couple of things that give us that great opportunity. A few quarters ago, we talked about tthey increase in our pipeline and we said that it was in our pursuits, which is wtheyre clients are telling us about tthey things ttheyy are bringing to market. In ttheir last quarter, we actually saw that move through our funnel and ttheyre was a significant increase in tthey bids that we submitted and tthey proposals that we're investing today to bid on. And that increased by almost 20% ttheir last quarter. And so, again, that's an important investment in tthey future. And tthey ottheyr investor making is something like program management, wtheyre we said we would double tthey size of that business over three-year period and we expected to grow that business 25% ttheir year. Well, that business grew over 30% ttheir year and has us well on track to double it in that two-year period and that's a very specific investments that we're making to deliver today but also build into tthey future. So again, I just think about it ttheir way. Ttheyre's not one thing that we're going to be doing but we're focused on finding that balance, which is continuing to invest in a business, while continuing to expand tthey margins of that business in tthey future. Michael Feniger Thank you. And Troy, just on-balance, I mean, wtheyn we think of that 2024 targets you all laid out, what -- since you laid those targets out, what dynamics are coming in better than expected, what theyadwinds are coming in stronger-than-expected? It looks like FX would be one and just theylp ttheir get comfortable with how you build off of that 2023 and tthey building blocks to kind of accelerate us to that EPS target in 2024, how should we kind of think about that? Thanks everyone. Troy Rudd Okay. Yeah, good question. Wtheyn we laid that path a few years ago, we did anticipate that things are going to change and ttheyy certainly have. But ttheyre are lot of things, as you said, ttheyre's a lot of ottheyr things that gone in our favor, a lot of things that kind of have gone against us. But through all of that, we've been increasing tthey earnings capacity of tthey business. So, you mentioned foreign currency and that certainly is a theyadwind and it was a theyadwind in tthey second half of ttheir last year, and we predicted it will be a theyadwind into ttheir next year. And that's not really what our guidance is dependent upon. Tthey ottheyr thing that's happened in ttheir past year is a lot of -- over tthey last two years is, a lot of money has actually come into tthey market to support tthey long-term future of infrastructure. But through all that, we focused on delivering on increasing tthey earnings capacity of tthey business. And frankly wtheyn you take those factors out, we have actually built tthey earnings capacity business at a faster rate than we had anticipated. And so, that's given us, again -- I'd say, that's given us confidence in tthey long-term in achieving our targets and I'll give it – I’ll pass over to Gaur to give you a little bit more detail. Gaurav Kapoor Yeah, Troy, you said it best. Tthey targets we put forward in FY '24 is a dynamic model. Ttheyre is not a singular path that we will take to achieve it. And as you noted, Michael, tthey key metrics, let it be NSR, margins, or a stepping stone ROIC, we're atheyad on every single one of ttheym compared to what we've built into that model almost two years ago wtheyn we unveiled it. Everything that is in our control is atheyad and things that are not in our control like FX is a theyadwind. Wtheyre FX would be 20 to 24 months from now? Your guess will be as good as mine. But at tthey same time, just being cognizant wtheyn we built that model anottheyr dynamic piece to it is utilization of our very strong balance ttheyyet that we have created, which we will continue to utilize for capital allocation purposes. Operator Tthey next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citi. Andy, please go atheyad. Your line is open. Andrew Kaplowitz Good, morning, everyone. Troy Rudd Good morning. Gaurav Kapoor Good morning. Lara Poloni Good morning. Andrew Kaplowitz So, Troy, your total backlog is up but your contracted backlog is down year-over-year and sequentially, particularly in tthey Americas. Can you give us little more color on to what's going on and your expectation for contracted backlog theyading into 2023? Have you seen any signs of slower awards in design? It doesn't look like you have and should we generally see sequential and year-over-year growth in contracted backlog from theyre? Troy Rudd Yeah, Andy, Tthey answer is, yes. You will see a significant increase in contracted backlog from wtheyre we sat at tthey end of tthey year. And, I'll break tthey backlog down into tthey two components; our design business, which over tthey course of tthey year was up 8% and tthey fastest growing part of that was in tthey Americas, and as we mentioned in tthey call, transportation. And so, we've seen some slowness in conversion of that backlog and ttheyn just gets to tthey, again, situation at some of our clients, which frankly are overwtheylmed with tthey amount of opportunities that are out in tthey marketplace that ttheyy're managing. So that will just convert over time and that has been a little bit slower to convert than we had expected. With respect to our construction management business, remember, that business is a little larger and a little lumpy. And so, we have some awards that we received that had not converted by tthey end of tthey year, but I can say with a very-high degree of certainty that ttheyy will be converted to contracted backlog in tthey quarter and you will see our contracted backlog growth significantly. Andrew Kaplowitz Very theylpful, Troy. Maybe just following-up on that. Just a little more color regarding tthey balance between your 8% design backlog growth and tthey double-digit pipeline that you mentioned versus sort of watching some markets like tthey UK. Wtheyn you're doing -- wtheyn you made ttheir guide and you talked about 8% NSR growth, how much visibility do you have into generating that revenue growth? How dependent is it on IIJA funding ramping in tthey US? And is tthey growth back-end loaded at all? I know you mentioned currency is front-end loaded but what about organic as you go throughout tthey year? Troy Rudd Okay, Andy. That was a lot. I'm going to give you a little bit higtheyr level and ttheyn I'll let Lara give some more detail on ttheir, you asked about a few markets. So, first of all, I would expect our back -- our NSR to grow in tthey same way that it has over tthey past few years, which is -- it's a little lower in tthey first-half of tthey year and will grow in tthey second-half of tthey year. And again, that gets to tthey trajectory of tthey backlog, but that also gets to what I described is in our pipeline. Things move through our pipeline, we theyar from our clients what's going to come to market. It ttheyn comes to market. We submit tthey bids and proposals, which we've been doing ttheir last quarter and we will work through that in tthey first half of ttheir year. Ttheyre will ttheyn be tthey awards and will theyad to contracted backlog and will start to deliver it. So that will contribute to ttheir next year. But neverttheyless, we go into tthey year with 8% growth in our DCS backlog, which as we've always said is tthey best indicator of tthey future. And so, I will I'll pass it over to Lara for a little bit more detail, in particular about tthey UK. Lara Poloni Yeah, thank you, Troy. And Andy, with respect to our UK business, it's a key part of our business. It did grow at 7% over tthey last year so, despite tthey changes in prime minister and some of tthey ottheyr theyadwinds that we've navigated, let's not forget, it's -- we had a very deliberate strategy few years ago to secure key long-term positions on tthey UK framework. We have achieved that and that gives us confidence about tthey longer term and ttheyre are some very key prospects that we're awaiting decisions on. But despite that, we closed tthey year with a 1.1 book to burn ratio for tthey UK. So we have a lot of confidence in that business in tthey long term. Andrew Kaplowitz I appreciate all tthey color. Troy Rudd Thanks, Andy. Operator Tthey next question comes from Andy Wittmann from Baird. Andy, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Andy Wittmann Yeah, great. Thanks for taking my question. I guess wtheyn you guys set tthey original 2024 guidance, I guess, $430 million and ttheyn you raised it to $475 million, your stock was ctheyaper at tthey time and tthey free cash flow yield was probably in tthey high single digits and debt was ctheyaper than too. And so, your long-term targets were ttheyrefore benefiting much more substantially from tthey buybacks impact to EPS accretion than ttheyy can today with tthey stock being frankly just more expensive, as well as tthey debt being more expensive. So I was just wondering, if that changes your approach at all towards tthey veracity of your share repurchase plan or even your confidence in achieving tthey $475 million ‘24 guidance? Gaurav Kapoor Yeah, Andy. So, you're right to point out that as tthey stock price increases, you should at least be thoughtful about how you're buying back stock. But I'll start with tthey theyadline, we set that goal. As you said, we started at $430 million, moved it to $475 million based on our growing confidence in tthey business and we still maintain that confidence and that's why we've retained that target. As we said, we still believe tthey right way to allocate capital is to allocate tthey majority of that first of all to extent organic growth, ttheyn secondly through shareholders through repurchases and dividends, and we will remain true to that. Tthey ottheyr element of it is, we don't have any intention of using debt markets to go out into borrow -- to borrow over tthey long-term in terms of our capital allocation strategy. Again, but I'd say, we'll always be opportunistic. And ttheyn, wtheyn we look forward, we said we would match our cash flow, our buybacks with our cash flow and we intend on doing that although we will look for opportunities as we did ttheir past year to accelerate those opportunities. Andy Wittmann Okay. That makes sense. Yeah, if you're funding tthey buyback totally out of free cash flow [indiscernible] and tthey arbitrage works a little better. Okay. So, I guess, tthey ottheyr thing I just wanted to ask about theyre is, trying to understand tthey organic growth revenue guidance that you're delivering theyre today. Ttheyre's obviously some degree of inflation that's causing wage rates and ttheyrefore, tthey multipliers or whatever you're using to build your clients go up slightly too. So is ttheyre is ttheyre a way you can theylp us just think about how much is kind of pass-through pricing theyre versus actual volumes of man-hours or labor hours delivered, something to get an idea of price versus volume in ttheyse numbers. I know, it's tricky in a business like yours, but I think it's an idea that, I think, would resonate and be theylpful to understand how tthey business is progressing. Gaurav Kapoor Hey Andy, ttheir is Gaurav. In terms of your specific question as two hours versus rates, we don't provide guidance or breakout on each of those specific metrics. But overall, we are in a very strong position to manage our contracts, which in general, right, at any given point in time, we have 40,000, 50,000 contracts going on, average term is, call it, five to six months or less. So ttheyse are not long burning contracts that allows us to price ttheym appropriately and ttheyre is going to be some steel that we're going to leverage for or benefit in terms of increasing our hours by utilizing capability centers across tthey globe to deliver tthey work. Andy Wittmann Got it, thanks. Operator Tthey next question comes from Steven Fittheyyr from UBS. Steven, your line is open, please go atheyad. Steven Fittheyyr Hi, thanks. Good morning or afternoon. Nice to see tthey international margin is closing in on double-digits theyre. How much of that is driven by mix versus operational efforts or anything else? I know, you just mentioned centers of excellence. So I'm just curious kind of -- but now you also have some of ttheyse bigger programs in say tthey Middle-East. So what are tthey drivers of tthey margins in international and what do you see tthey runway from theyre? Gaurav Kapoor Yes, ttheir is Gaur. I'll take that question. International margins are clear example of us realizing tthey strategy we have put forth, focused on winning tthey big transitional jobs that Anthony pointed out to you early, while at tthey same time being very cognizant of running a very efficient and effective cost structure. So it's a combination of all those matters. And in terms of tthey market opportunity, I will turn it over to Lara to provide little bit more clarity on it. Lara Poloni Yeah, sure. Steven, we are continuing to see a very strong infrastructure outlook. A good example of that would be tthey Australian market wtheyre we secured some key wins that we've announced at tthey end of fiscal 2022. Ttheyre are anottheyr couple of big transformational transportation wins that we'll be able to announce in tthey not too distant future. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr anottheyr great example is our work in tthey Middle-East. Middle-East most notably, Saudi Arabia up 33% in terms of NSR growth year on year. So tthey long term long-term outlook ttheyre for our program management capability and infrastructure generally is very strong. So a strong outlook and that's really it's tthey realization of our strategy, Think and Act Globally strategy. Steven Fittheyyr Okay. And ttheyn, I wonder if you could just give us a little bit more specificity or breakdown of bridging from 5% NSR growth in 2022 to 8% in 2023. Any sense of what's tthey Americas design growth you expect for 2023, what's tthey construction management, international, any of those sort of bridge items to get that acceleration? Troy Rudd Yes, so Steve, maybe think about it ttheir way. We did have strong growth in tthey international business ttheir past year. And so, to actually have that expand at a significantly faster rate would be difficult. So, I think, that's wtheyre we will have very good growth but in terms of a significant improvement, that's more difficult. But turning to our Americas business, in particular our DCF business, that's wtheyre we see ttheyre is a larger opportunity to grow that business in tthey future. Steven Fittheyyr Can you quantify what tthey Americas design growth do you expect for 2023 ttheyn? Troy Rudd No. We're not going to refine that because wtheyn we look across tthey business, you make dynamic decisions all through tthey year about tthey things that we're going to take advantage of. So, again, I'll just describe it as a balance and we're not giving up a projection or prediction of what that would look like in each of tthey businesses. Steven Fittheyyr Okay, understood. Thank you. Troy Rudd Yeah, thanks. Operator Tthey next question comes from Sean Eastman of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Sean, please go atheyad. Your line is open. Sean Eastman Hi, team. Thanks for taking my questions. So just continuing on with that last discussion on tthey revenue ramp. So we're stepping up from 5% to 8% like Steve called out ttheyre. A lot of that ramp is being driven by DCS and you guys are also saying that ttheyre is -- it sounds like ttheyre's not much tailwind from tthey IIJA in ttheir fiscal year. So, I guess, what I'm driving at theyre is that, it sounds like we're still going to have some gas in tthey tank in terms of tthey Americas design business as we go into next year as well with that big funding tailwind still not really driving tthey model. Is that fair? Troy Rudd I think -- So, Sean, I think that's a fair characterization. But wtheyn we did -- we are -- again, we said, we saw an increase in what we thought was wtheyn our clients refinance was coming to market, we've seen an increase in terms of what we're bidding and a lot of that is in tthey Americas and that is in tthey US. So, I think we're starting to see tthey impact from IIJA. What I think we've been describing is, it's slower than we had been anticipating. But it is -- nonettheyless, we are starting to see that. It's impossible to breakdown and say, well ttheir percentage of that increase is related to IIJA and ttheir percentage isn't. In fact it’s influencing all of our clients and creating positive momentum. So I think, tthey way that you actually described it is -- it is a tailwind for tthey business and something that we will capitalize and we see ttheir as now entering into tthey market and we think we'll expect to see that in our results in 2023 and beyond. But, again, if something doesn't come to market as fast as you had thought, that means that it's probably going to stay ttheyre for longer than you had thought. So, I think you should think about ttheir as a long-term tailwind for our US business. Sean Eastman Okay, got it. That makes sense. And you guys highlighted reshoring of critical manufacturing as kind of a core mega trend and it would be theylpful just to get a little more color on how to think about AECOM's exposure around that trend in particular and what types of things are kind of entering tthey pipeline around that ttheyme? Troy Rudd Yeah. Well, again, I would describe it as -- I mean, tthey trends ttheymselves, I think, I'm not going to describe. I think, ttheyy've been -- ttheyy're well described by you, tthey analyst community and fairly well understood. But in terms of our exposure to ttheym, our exposures is fairly broad. Through our buildings and places business, we certainly have a lot of exposure to clients as ttheyy relocate and build new infrastructure to support supply chain changes. But our exposure is actually broader than that, because we're exposed well across our business because you sort of think about those trends, ttheyre has to be tthey planning you do upfront, which again our business is exposed to. Ttheyre's tthey program management work that you do along tthey way, which our business is serving now exposed to more than it ever has. And ttheyn ttheyre is all tthey supporting infrastructure. For example, a lot of ttheyse changes in facilities that are being built use a lot of water, and our water business has participated in that as well. You think about a semiconductor facility that's being built were built over a long period of time but you go through tthey permitting process, ttheyre's program management element to it, ttheyre's our buildings and places exposure to that, and our water business is exposed to that. Now, we certainly don't do any work inside that facility. But frankly, nobody really does because that is proprietary to that particular manufacturer. So we are fairly well exposed to all of those trends broadly across our business. Sean Eastman Thanks a lot, Troy. I'll turn it over. Troy Rudd Okay, thanks. Operator Tthey next question comes from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Jamie, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Jamie Cook Hi, good morning. Troy Rudd Good morning, Jamie. Jamie Cook A quick follow up question. I think in your prepared remarks, Troy, you talked about 20% increase in bid prospects. What I'm just sort of wondering wtheyre that's coming from. Is it increasing -- is it market share? Is it specific to your certain market? Are you looking at additional markets that you haven't looked at before? So any color on that front. And ttheyn, I guess, my second question like back to your 2024 targets, again, just comfort to get ttheyre given wtheyre you're guiding for 2023. Do we just assume sort of constant EBITDA growth that you guys had been targeting in tthey high-single-digit 10% range and ttheyn you get tthey rest of it through just as it hit to EPS targets you just -- you're going to just buying back tthey stock that's how you get ttheyre? Thanks. Troy Rudd Sure, thanks Jamie. So for question, tthey 20% is coming across our entire business. And we're seeing it -- we described in tthey opening comments. It certainly is theyre in North-America, in tthey US and in Canada and in Australia and in tthey Middle-East. So that is -- we're seeing that broadly across tthey business. We're also seeing that broadly across our business lines. Tthey one differences, now we have an exposure to program management that we didn't have two years ago. So if you want to look at something that has changed, we are exposed to more of those markets than we have been in tthey past. So certainly, some of that increase at 20% is coming through an increased exposure to program management. And those opportunities are fairly large opportunities. In terms of tthey guidance, I'm going to hand it over to Gaur. Gaurav Kapoor Hey, Jamie. So, FY '24, again, just a reminder, it's a dynamic model, right. Ttheyre's not one singular path and that's how you get ttheyre. But to give you some examples of ttheir dynamic model is, if we would achieve very low double-digit organic growth in FY '24, mind you, we're already doing -- we're projecting to do 8% in FY ‘23 without significant tailwind from IIJA and we achieve our 15% plus margins, which we have full confidence in. That will propel us consistent with our capital allocation strategy we have built into our model to get to tthey $475 million, while incurring significant theyadwinds from FX, which is not in our control. And tthey second thing as a reminder for our FY '23 EPS guidance we put forth, it does not incorporate any repurchases beyond what has already been executed in FY '22. Jamie Cook Thank you. Troy Rudd Thanks, Jamie. Operator Tthey next question comes from Michael Dudas from Vertical Research. Michael, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Michael Dudas Good afternoon, gentlemen and Lara. Lara Poloni Good afternoon. Troy Rudd Good afternoon. Michael Dudas Troy, could you maybe give us a little more thoughts on your federal business, which I've been tracking, it seems to be doing -- that has been growing quite well. Is tthey funding and access an issue ttheyre as opposed to like some of tthey complication you're seeing in getting it from federal states to ttheyse projects that you talked about in tthey pipeline? And ttheyn secondly, on construction management, tthey general tone you given tthey sharp backup at interest rates, what's tthey temperature of developers or folks? You said, you've got some contracts converting theyre in tthey next couple of quarters. Is that something that's kind of [indiscernible] getting a leg about itself or is ttheyre some concern about tthey opportunities maybe for '24 and '25 given some of tthey funding issues we've seen in tthey market? Troy Rudd Okay, yeah. So first with respect to federal -- again, our US federal business. I guess, tthey most important point ttheyre is just a starting point is, we've been seeded some incumbents on some rattheyr large programs or high-value programs. So that obviously gives us confidence as we move into tthey future. Tthey ottheyr thing is that, a lot of our activity in that market is determined by tthey contract vehicles or tthey IDIQs that you've won. And over ttheir past year, we've had a great amount of success ttheyre, increasing our IDIQ capacity. And as it stands today, we have -- again, ttheir isn't in our backlog, but we have over $100 billion of IDIQ capacity, which means that we have an ongoing dialog with those federal clients to do project work for ttheym under those contract vehicle. And ttheyy are experiencing tthey same thing that all of our clients are. Ttheyy have a lot of things that have to ttheyy are working to accomplish. But it's a lot for ttheym to handle and so it's a little slower I think than we would have anticipated, but neverttheyless, in terms of that long-term opportunity with tthey programs of IDIQs, it does create a great long-term tailwind into tthey future. And with respect to tthey construction management business, we certainly have seen in tthey quarter a couple of some non-traditional development investors, kind of not tthey large mainstream developers, wtheyre ttheyy decided to not proceed with projects and so we certainly didn't see that in tthey quarter. But I will say, ttheir again just about our construction management business. It is a much more diversified business than it has been in tthey past. We now have a fairly significant exposure to aviation, convention centers, government buildings and sports facilities. And so in terms of that portfolio, we are less dependent upon commercial office and mixed use development. And so, that's what we're seeing today. And I have two ottheyr important points to highlight, which we have 3.5 years of backlog in that business now. And it certainly had even ttheir past year, we came out of ttheir past year with one times book-to-burn in tthey business and it does represent somewtheyre between 8% and 9% of tthey overall business. And so, again, it's a contributor, it's not a significant contributor tthey way that our design businesses is. And it's even with some of tthey market turbulence, it's set up well for tthey future. Michael Dudas Thank you, Troy. Troy Rudd Yeah, thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Adam Thalthemer from Thompson Davis. Adam, please go atheyad. Your line is open. Adam Thalthemer Hey guys, congrats on a solid Q4. Troy Rudd Thank you, Adam. Adam Thalthemer One more if you will on tthey IIJA, in terms of not coming as fast as fast as expected, was that a transportation comment, because I feel like some of tthey water and wastewater opportunities are starting to flow through, curious on that? Troy Rudd Actually, I'm just -- I'll just say, Adam, it's fairly broad based. Again, ttheyre is some elements of tthey IIJA funding has come through a little bit faster than ottheyrs and water is certainly a place because is a little more direct path-to-market ttheyn ttheyre is in transportation. Transportation usually comes through anottheyr agency, so it has to be -- again, it has to be married up with eittheyr it's a local government agency or state agency. So, that is certainly true. But we have seen that broadly across all of our business lines. It's just been slower to market. But again, what we're seeing now and as I've said, it's difficult for us to differentiate and stay within our pipeline of what we're bidding and submitting today, is it purely IIJA or not. I think, it's a fair comment to say that, that entire increase in tthey pipeline certainly is contributed to by tthey IIJA, but it was slower than, I think, everyone had anticipated wtheyn tthey bill was passed. Adam Thalthemer Got it, okay. And ttheyn, lastly, wanted to ask on tthey $30 million to $40 million of restructuring expenses next year. Can you talk about what investments you're making ttheyre and what that benefit long-term is for a AECOM from those investments? Gaurav Kapoor Hey, Adam. Ttheir is Gaurav. I'll respond to that question. We are -- I think, I've mentioned ttheir before, right, we're always committed to driving profitable growth in our business while at tthey same time being very cognizant of markets that may not meet our hurdles; our hurdles on ROIC growth, margin profitability and cash conversion. If ttheyy don't meet those in tthey small mid to long-term in those markets, we will prune ttheym and we will always hold ourselves accountable to deliver as high a return on invested capital returns to our shareholders as we can and a great example of that is, we've already increased our ROIC target from 15% to 17% based on ttheyse small tweaks and pruning is what I would call, have led to better working capital conversion, better profitability, better growth and really focused on in geographies and markets that have been tthey long-term fundamentals to support tthey growth strategy we've employed. Adam Thalthemer Okay, good answer. Thank you. Troy Rudd Adam, thank you. Operator We have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. So, I'll hand it back to Troy Rudd for concluding remarks. Troy Rudd All right, thank you. And I will keep ttheir brief. Look, I said ttheir at tthey opening. We had a successful year and as we look forward, we certainly feel good about tthey business because we're exposed to what we think are some very long-term investment trends in infrastructure. We've built a business that has created some long-term competitive advantage and frankly, we have a lower -- a higtheyr-returning lower-risk business model and as Gaur made reference, we're always looking to fine tune and improve that. And ultimately in a difficult time, if ttheyre is one atheyad, 90% of our costs are variable and wtheyn you add all ttheir up, that means that we have a great platform for tthey future. And I have to-end tthey call most importantly by just thanking our teams again for ttheyir contributions ttheir past year. You aggregate tthey contributions of all of tthey people that work theyre and it aggregates to our strong results, so thank you all, and thank you everyone for joining today's call. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you very much for your attendance. You may now disconnect your lines.