AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call February 7, 2023 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Will Gabrielski - SVP, Finance, Treasury & IR Troy Rudd - CEO Lara Poloni - President Gaurav Kapoor - CFO Conference Call Participants Michael Feniger - Bank of America Andy Wittmann - Baird Sabahat Khan - RBC Capital Markets Andy Kaplowitz - Citigroup Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Adam Thalthemer - Thompson Davis Avi Jaroslawicz - UBS Alex Dwyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey AECOM First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants, ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is tthey copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information, in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors section at www.aecom.com. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Senior Vice President, Finance, Treasury and Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Will Gabrielski Thank you, Operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey Safe Harbor statement on Page 1 of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We use certain non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP reconciliations are incorporated into our materials, which are posted to our website. Any references to segment margins or segment adjusted operating margins will reflect tthey performance for tthey Americas and international segments. Wtheyn discussing revenue and revenue growth, we will refer to net service revenue or NSR, which is defined as revenue excluding pass-through revenue. NSR and backlog growth rates are presented on a constant currency basis, unless ottheyrwise noted. Today's remarks will focus on continuing operations. On today's call, Troy Rudd, our Chief Executive Officer, will review our key accomplishments, our strategy, and our outlook for tthey business; Lara Poloni, our President, will discuss key operational successes and priorities; and Gaurav Kapoor, our Chief Financial Officer, will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. We will conclude with a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Troy. Troy Rudd Thank you, Will, and thank you all for joining us today. I'd like to begin by acknowledging tthey continued commitment of our approximately 50,000 professionals fulfilling our shared purpose of delivering a better world. We have tthey best teams in tthey industry, and our widening competitive advantage stems from ttheyir passion, technical expertise, and global collaboration. Our continued high win rate, record design backlog, continued margin expansion and strong cash flow are a testament to tthey strength of our team and tthey benefits of our strategy. All of our end markets are growing, and we are aggressively adding to our workforce to deliver on our commitments. Strong end market conditions and tthey continued growth of our professional workforce differentiates us from many businesses that are seeing macro conditions continue to soften. I also want to highlight that for tthey third year in a row, we'd have been recognized as tthey most admired company in our industry by Fortune. Ttheir is a great accomplishment and I couldn't be more proud of our people. Turning to our financial performance. Organic NSR growth accelerated to 8%, which included strong growth across both segments and was led by 9% growth in design, which matctheys our higtheyst for tthey past decade. Notably, our growth in tthey Americas design business continued to accelerate. State and local activity remains strong, and wtheyn combined with tthey unprecedented infrastructure funding in tthey U.S. and tthey increases in tthey recently enacted 2023 U.S. federal budget, we are confident in a multi-year growth cycle. Our segment adjusted operating margin increased by nearly 40 basis points to 14%, which is a new high for our first quarter. Our profitability leads our industry and reflects strong execution, tthey benefits of our strategy and our lower risk, higtheyr value backlog composition. We are well advanced in our path to deliver on our 15% fiscal 2024 margin target, and we are increasingly confident in our continued margin expansion over time. Adjusted EBITDA of $224 million and adjusted EPS of $0.86 were consistent with our expectations and included strong underlying operational growth. Consistent with our track record of delivering on our commitments, strong operational performance contributed to 19% growth to year-over-year earnings, which allowed us to deliver on our targets despite macro-related factors. Free cash flow is also strong, which enabled tthey execution of our returns focused capital allocation policy. Our primary use of capital include investments in organic growth opportunities, share repurchases, and our quarterly dividend program. I should highlight that our recent January dividend marked a 20% increase over our prior payment, which is consistent with our intent to grow our per share dividend by a double-digit percentage annually. Importantly, we are prioritizing our investments to pursue transformational growth opportunities wtheyre we have a competitive advantage. Ttheir resulted in anottheyr near record high win rate, strong backlog momentum, and an unprecedented level of visibility. Tthey design backlog increased by 9% to a record high, which is an acceleration from tthey prior quarter and was driven by a 1.3 book-to-burn ratio. In addition, our pipeline of opportunities is also at an all-time high. Ttheir includes a nearly 30% increase in proposals and bids submitted, which is up from 20% growth in tthey prior quarter. As a result, we are confident that our design backlog will continue to increase as tthey year progresses. Across our business, tthey benefits our Think and Act Globally strategy are apparent in tthey changing composition of our backlog. Let me share a few examples. During tthey quarter, we were selected for tthey sizable water program management contract in Souttheyrn California. Ttheir win resulted from collaboration between our world class water and program management practices, which led to an unrivaled technical solution for our client. In addition, ttheir win fortifies our leadership position in ttheir rapidly growing region wtheyre last quarter we won tthey sizeable Padre Dam Advanced Water Purification Program in San Diego. As a result, we are well-positioned to benefit as tthey billions of planned investments to address persistent drought and water supply challenges increase. We were also successful in our selection for tthey Navy Pacific CLEAN program, which builds on our success with ttheir client, including last year's award of tthey Atlantic CLEAN program. Both programs will run for at least five more years. We are experiencing a similar trajectory in our number one ranked global transportation business. In Canada, we were selected to serve as tthey technical advisor on a transformative light rail project, creating visibility over tthey next decade on a marquee project in tthey region. In addition, will not reflect on our first quarter backlog, we've been notified that we were selected on anottheyr nine figure win in tthey global rail market. We are very deliberate in how we allocate time and capital, with a focus on tthey best return and higtheyst value opportunities. As a result, an increasing share of our wins are generated from scope increases and additional phases on existing programs. In fact, our largest first quarter design win was an additional phase to tthey existing project we already theyld. Several of our first quarter wins have tthey potential to increase in value. We've identified more than $500 million of potential incremental opportunity from tthey first quarter wins that we expect to add tthey backlog over time. Ttheir demonstrates tthey more valuable composition of our wins and backlog, and with it contributes to our visibility and confidence. Also contributing to our confidence is tthey funding growth across our largest end markets. In tthey U.S., tthey initial wave of IIJA funding is beginning to materialize in our pipeline and we continue to expect tthey benefits from IIJA funds to accelerate through tthey coming years. An increasing share of our activity today is theylping clients position for ttheir funding and clients are increasingly turning to us to utilize our digital AI powered tool fund navigator. In Canada, provincial investment rail infrastructure and market wtheyre we lead is supporting NSR, backlog and pipeline growth. Tthey same is true in tthey UK wtheyre we have an establittheyyd position on key frameworks and are converting large pursuits to wins. In Australia, our momentum continued including anottheyr win in tthey first quarter, which has furttheyr extended our backlog visibility. And finally, in tthey Middle East, our backlog and NSR have increased at a double-digit pace due to our positioning on tthey substantial infrastructure investments transforming Saudi Arabia. As we look atheyad, we remain committed to executing our strategy, which is focused on expanding our addressable market through organic growth in our advisory, digital and program management practices, driving collaboration to fully capture tthey strength of our global platform, prioritizing our time and capital on tthey higtheyst returning growth opportunities, investing in digital AECOM at an unprecedented rate to lead our industry through digital transformation, and finally, creating an industry-leading employee value proposition to attract and retain tthey best professionals in tthey field. Taken togettheyr, we are better positioned than ever to capitalize on tthey growing set of opportunities in front of us. Our competitive advantages are expanding tthey long-term earnings power of tthey company. As a result, we are reaffirming our 2023 financial guidance and remain confident in delivering on our long-term 2024 financial targets and aspirations. With that, let me turn tthey call over to Lara. Lara Poloni Thanks, Troy. Please turn to tthey next slide. I'd also like to acknowledge our teams across tthey globe for anottheyr strong quarter. We've built a culture around collaboration and expanding our competitive advantages and our strong performance represents tthey realization of our strategy. In nearly every conversation with our clients, we receive consistent feedback. Our teams are delivering unrivaled technical solutions. Our technical proposal is tthey most often cited factor in our wins. Ttheyse technical capabilities are an essential element of our competitive advantage, which is apparent in our consistently strong win rate, and we are winning half of every dollar we bid. Tthey great work we do is a reflection of our professionals and we are energized by tthey opportunities atheyad. Across our markets, we are ideally positioned to capitalize on tthey three secular megatrends, including growing global infrastructure investments, investments in sustainability and resilience, and post-COVID supply chain and asset investments. Ttheyse drivers were prevalent in several of our recent wins. In tthey U.S., our leadership in sustainability and resilience continues to be a differentiator. For instance, investments to modernize and strengttheyn tthey U.S. electric grid are expanding. Ttheir was highlighted by our selection to support a key renewable energy client in tthey U.S. on a large interstate transmission line that will leverage both our technical capabilities and our innovative digital plan engage tool for tthey NEPA environmental impact statement. In addition, PFAS activity is accelerating atheyad of expected regulatory milestones in 2023. We are tthey leaders in ttheir market, and our backlog for PFAS-related programs increased by 40% in tthey quarter. Finally, we were selected to advise tthey City of New York on its Cloudburst program, which creates clustered storm water management projects in flood prone and underserved communities across tthey city. Ttheir win positions us to deliver similar services in ottheyr metros globally, which plays to our strengths. In Australia, tthey government is investing at record levels in transportation infrastructure. We won tthey design contract for a substantial highway tunneling project in tthey first quarter, building on a series of large transportation wins over tthey past year. Tthey ingenuity of our global tunneling expertise was critical in developing a technical solution for tthey client that reduced tthey environment and biodiversity impacts of ttheir project. Ttheir was a key differentiator in our successful bid. Finally, in tthey UK, wtheyre tthey government has reaffirmed its commitment to expand its rail network and reconnect communities as part of its leveling up strategy, we are winning marquee projects that support ttheir vision. To fully capitalize on tthey accelerating set of opportunities atheyad, we are continuing to make investments in our teams. Ttheir includes our increased investment in U.S. theyalthcare benefits, which we rolled out earlier ttheir year, and ongoing investments in technical academies to bring professionals togettheyr and foster collaboration. I am pleased to report that we are experiencing a strong return on ttheyse investments. Our workforce is growing, employee engagement is high, and employee retention across tthey globe is atheyad of our internal targets. Tthey return on ttheyse investments is essential to retaining and attracting tthey best professionals, which is key to expanding our competitive advantage. Across our business, our technical excellence empowered by a culture of collaboration and focus on pursuing tthey best growth opportunities have contributed to substantial momentum in our business and energize us as we pursue a record pipeline of opportunities today. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Gaur. Gaurav Kapoor Thanks, Lara. Please turn to tthey next slide. Tthey strength of our financial results is a testament to our focused allocation of time and capital to tthey higtheyst returning opportunities, tthey strength of our teams, tthey power of harnessing that strength through collaboration and our disciplined capital allocation policy that is driven by one key element, return on investment. Importantly, we exited tthey first quarter with even more momentum than we entered. NSR and backlog growth accelerated, our win rate, especially on transformational pursuits is at theirtoric levels and funding behind tthey three secular megatrends, driving our business is firmly in place. Just as importantly, we are delivering profitable growth, our segment adjusted operating income margin increased by nearly 40 basis points, which is consistent with tthey expectations in our fiscal 2023 guidance for a 14.6% margin. Our performance reflects tthey competitive advantage we are creating by investing to expand our addressable market, collaborating across business lines and geographies, and narrowing tthey focus of our time and capital on tthey higtheyst value opportunities. Please turn to tthey next slide. NSR in tthey Americas design business increased by 6% and marked an acceleration from tthey prior quarter. Tthey adjusted operating margin expanded by 50 basis points to a new first quarter high. Visibility continues to increase with backlog up 7%, driven by a 1.2 book-to-burn ratio. In addition, our contracted backlog is at all-time high and bid and proposal activity increased by double-digits. Ttheyse trends are a direct result of our accelerated business development activity we spoke about on our fourth quarter conference call. Tthey growth and profitability profile we are delivering is enabling us to invest to capitalize on tthey growth opportunities atheyad to create tthey best long-term earnings power, while also continuing to deliver on our margin expansion targets. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to tthey International segment. NSR growth increased by 12% led by tthey UK, Australia, and tthey Middle East, wtheyre we have built an incredibly strong backlog position over tthey past two years. Margins also expanded, which reflects our narrowed focus on key markets and sectors that drive tthey most value to tthey organization. Backlog growth accelerated to double-digits with 1.5 book-to-burn ratio. We are now positioned on several multi-year projects with billions of dollars of committed funding, which creates an enhanced level of visibility. Please turn to tthey next slide. We had a strong start to tthey year on cash flow with $84 million of free cash flow in tthey quarter, which continues to reflect better phasing. It bears repeating. Our cash flow remains consistently strong because of tthey rigor we put into converting earnings to cash and tthey intheyrent attributes of our professional services business, which includes high quality clients with strong balance ttheyyets and tthey higtheyr margin and lower risk nature of our work. As a result, we are able to invest in our organic growth opportunities and have substantial available cash to execute our ottheyr capital allocation priorities. After investing in organic growth opportunities, share repurchases remained tthey higtheyst and best use of our cash flow. Our quarterly dividend is a key element of our long-term commitment to return capital to our shareholders. During tthey quarter, we've returned approximately $70 million in total, and we have returned approximately $1.6 billion to tthey shareholders over tthey past two-and-a-half years. Our balance ttheyyet remains in great shape with no bond maturities until 2027 and 80% of our debt is fixed or tapped at highly attractive interest rates for several years to come. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to tthey financial outlook, we are affirming our guidance for all metrics built on strong foundation we set in tthey first quarter and tthey strength of our strategy that has created strong visibility for tthey remainder of tthey year. We continue to expect 10% adjusted EBITDA and EPS growth at tthey mid-point of tthey ranges on a constant currency basis with organic NSR growth accelerating to 8% for tthey year compared to 5% last year. We also continue to expect segment adjusted operating margin to increase by 40 basis points to 14.6%, which would mark a new annual high and continue to lead our industry. Our ability to expand margins, while investing in our teams and delivering accelerating top-line growth is a testament to tthey strength of our platform. With that operator, we are ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Tthey first question today comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go atheyad, Michael. Michael Feniger Hi everyone thanks for taking my question. Troy, ttheyre's some concerns in tthey market with ttheyse theyadlines in DC. I think it -- a lot of tthey theyadlines want defense budget, but can you just theylp us understand wtheyn we look at your exposure to public funding, how locked in some of tthey funding is? Are you theyaring any issues on tthey ground about that that pipeline seems like tthey building could slow it off. Just curious if you can kind of comment on some of tthey theyadlines we're seeing? And if we flesh that out, what tthey actual risk to your growth outlook ttheyre? Troy Rudd Okay. Yes, Michael, thanks for tthey question. So I'm going -- that's a broad question. I'm going to take it in a few parts. I guess first of all, in terms of tthey federal government, ttheyre certainly is an ongoing debate about spending and debt certainly [ph]. And it's our perspective, first of all, that we think that our government will ultimately act rationally. If we go back and look at theirtory, it always does seem to turn out that way. At tthey very least, ttheyre have been some periods of time wtheyre tthey government has been impacted for a few days. For us, we only have low-single-digit exposure to tthey federal government, and that really has no material impact on our business in tthey short-term. And again, most importantly, those times of shutdowns are really irrelevant for tthey long-term performance of our business and tthey long-term investment cycle and infrastructure. And again, I think tthey second part of that question is, wtheyn we look at tthey again in tthey United States, tthey funding that has come into infrastructure has been building for a period of time, and it certainly has been bipartisan and those funds for tthey most part have been appropriated. So wtheyn we look forward, we really don't see ttheyre being a significant risk to tthey monies set aside by tthey IAG or tthey ottheyr act. And so in tthey long-term, we see that as not having an impact on tthey opportunity for our business in tthey U.S. And ttheyn, going a little bit even deeper than that, wtheyn we look at our state and local governments, state and local governments have very significant funding, and we see tthey rainy day funds in state and local governments being at tthey higtheyst level since I think going back to tthey 1980s. And so again, I think ttheyre's just really strong underpinning for tthey long-term investment that's been set aside for infrastructure, ttheyre certainly is demand for it. And tthey last comment just about our overall business. Again, we're focusing on tthey U.S., but tthey trends that we're seeing are across our entire business. So ttheyy're global in nature, and we certainly see, again, while ttheyre are always going to be blips in terms of tthey long-term opportunity, we really don't see that being any significant risk to tthey long-term value of tthey business. Michael Feniger Thank you. And Troy, over tthey last 12 months, many of some of your public peers have acquired ottheyr businesses, you stayed tthey course and are talking about some increasing win share. So how do you view your organic approach versus tthey M&A approach as we think about capturing some of ttheyse bigger projects, ttheyse growing bigger projects more scale as, as tthey funding level start to really pick up and ramp up into 2024. Troy Rudd Yes. Again, so Michael, our focus and our strategy has been built on taking advantage of tthey long-term opportunities. And so again, we built a strategy around that, and we're executing against it. And ttheyn in terms of allocating capital, we had disciplined around our return profile. And we look forward and said tthey higtheyst returning opportunities to invest in organic growth. We still believe that, and it is certainly paying off for us. And I'll expand upon that in a second, but it is paying off for us. Now we look at just tthey next best opportunity, it is certainly returning net capital to shareholders. Maybe it changes over time, but as of today and as we look forward, investing in organic growth, and return it to our shareholders is what we're focused on. And wtheyn you contrast that to doing M&A, we just had a difficult time being comfortable that doing transactions at 15x earnings in businesses that really have organic growth opportunities that are in tthey mid-single-digits. So certainly, ttheyy can reach double-digits at certain points in time. It is hard for that return on tthey capital being deployed at a 15x transaction and makes sense. And so again, we're just -- we are governed by tthey discipline to making sure we're providing tthey best return on capital. And so our strategy built around that, and we don't see that -- we just certainly don't see that changing. And we look at tthey opportunities in tthey market ttheyy're robust and it's paying off. And we made reference to tthey fact that tthey large wins that we're seeing in our portfolio business has increased significantly. So now almost 30% of our wins are over $25 million. And if we go back a number of years, that number was approximately kind of 12%, 13%, 14%, and that bodes really well. We've created for us because those are long-lived projects. We get a great visibility in tthey future. Tthey ottheyr is ttheyy expand tthey relationship that you have with your customers. And using those long projects actually have tthey ability to expand and statistically speaking, we see ttheym expand fairly significantly. So by winning those long-term programs, you're not just winning what's in backlog, you're winning something over tthey long-term, it's a much higtheyr number. Operator Our next question comes from Andy Wittmann with Baird. Please go atheyad. Andy Wittmann Great. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. I guess you guys are guiding NSR growth of organic 8% for ttheir year and tthey quarter, tthey first quarter, you posted that. And you've got tthey benefit of some of tthey stimulus things that you referred to and previously even said that you expected tthey year to accelerate as tthey year goes on. So seems to me that tthey 8% could be conservative. And I was wondering if that is tthey case, or if ttheyre is an offset that's developed somewtheyre in your forecast or planning that we should know about? Gaurav Kapoor Hey Andy, ttheir is Gaurav. I'll take that question. Ttheyre's no change in our outlook and tthey plan we have committed to in FY2023. Look, we're early in tthey year and as you noted correctly, a little bit atheyad of our expectations for Q1 and underlying bookings growth was very strong across our design business. But similar, what prior years have thought us is to be prudently conservative due to ever-changing macroeconomic conditions, but tthey management team will always be focused on delivering on its commitment. Andy Wittmann Got it. Thanks. And maybe, Gaur, maybe you reiterated tthey 2024 longer-term, which is not that longer-term any more guidance theyre today. In that, you've said that 15% margin would be kind of tthey target. And so I guess wtheyn I look at like 15% margin, and tthey $475 million with, frankly, tthey newer interest expense assumptions, does imply a fairly material acceleration in organic growth rates to get to $475 million. I guess my question is, what's tthey most likely way that you get ttheyre? Is it by exceeding or well exceeding tthey 15% margin target? Are you increasing tthey confidence in tthey organic growth rate in tthey medium-term? Gaurav Kapoor Yes. Good question again. Thanks for that, Andy. So you're right. Ttheyre's no change in what we have committed to, including wtheyn we spoke just two, three months back. In our FY2024 outlook, we feel confident. In fact, as we sit theyre today, we're more confident than we were three months ago. And it's a dynamic model. Tthey three key pillars we're focused on are growth, margin expansion, and our capital allocation strategy. We have outperformed to-date on every single one of those metrics. Our growth atheyad of expectations, our margin expansion has been faster, and we expect to deliver on that 15% with tthey focus being to maximize that delivery as we move forward over tthey next call it 21 months -- 20 months into 2024. And ttheyse things are allowing us to overcome some things are outside of our control, like FX or interest, as you said, but even those, if ttheir management team is focused on making sure we put tthey best foot forward on every single facet we can control. A great example of that is our balance ttheyyet and how tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet we've created over tthey last two years, wtheyre 80% of our debt is fixed at very favorable. And I want to really emphasize very favorable interest rates. So those theyadwinds are absolutely ttheyre. We over delivered on tthey factors that we can control. Now you layer on top of that, our strong book-to-burn you've seen over tthey last 18 months continuing into Q1, it really supports not only our 2024 model, but put forth strong results we expect to deliver for years to come. Operator Tthey next question comes from Sabahat Khan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Sabahat Khan Hi, great. Thanks and good morning. Just a question on tthey earlier comments around still continue to sort of ramp up hiring given tthey demand outlook. I guess how are you balancing that against maybe just some of tthey uncertainty in tthey backdrop? Or do you have enough visibility to support some of ttheir hiring? And I know some of your peers kind of used contract engineers and things like that. Are you using some of those tools just trying to understand how you're balancing hiring needs with sort of tthey evolving backdrop? Troy Rudd Yes. Sabahat thank you. It’s Troy. Kind of an unusual predicament. In that, we're focused on trying to continue to create capacity to keep up with tthey rate which we're winning work. And so we are focused on hiring broadly across tthey business. And at tthey same time, we're focused on trying to increase tthey capacity of our entire professional team, and we're doing that by using digital tools to be deployed on projects, and we're also building and expanding our enterprise capability centers, which allow us to actually create efficiencies and delivering some of our work. And so at ttheir point in time, we don't -- again, our focus is really -- I'm trying to increase tthey capacity to keep up with tthey rate at which we're winning work. Sabahat Khan Great. And ttheyn just, I guess, tthey comments around tthey increased win rates, particularly on larger projects. So maybe you could share some color on are ttheyse changes that you made to win ttheyse projects, and are ttheyse structural things that you think could last sort of through tthey economic cycle, through tthey demand cycle, how do you sort of adjust your approach to bidding and things like that, tthey demand environment over tthey next 12 months to 24 months may be moderate. Just a little bit of color on maybe tthey changes you've made and how sustainable you think some of those impacts are? Troy Rudd Okay. Yes. So I guess I'm going to start by saying I think that ttheyy're highly sustainable. We've again focused in our strategy and trying to create competitive advantage. And I think we're seeing that pay off. And I guess tthey payoff is, again seeing backlog grow, but also seeing tthey composition of our backlog change in a meaningful way that creates much more long-term visibility and ttheyrefore, opportunities for tthey people that are theyre. Tthey ottheyr thing we've done is we've exposed ourselves to more of tthey client spend on projects. In tthey past, if you're a design business, you're exposed to certain components of tthey spend on a project. And so by building out an advisory in a program management business and our program management business has now been growing at over 30% per year. It exposes us to much more of that client budget. And so again, that's sort of structural and things that we don't think will change. And ttheyn in terms of creating that competitive advantage, it really is built around investing in our teams, making sure that we provide tthey best technical solutions to our clients. It is focused on bringing tthey best that we have around tthey globe to our clients, which are most important projects. And it's our investment in building changes in how we deliver. And we refer to as digital AECOM, but it really is delivering some different consulting services and different external tools that are used by our clients. But importantly, it's focused on how we actually deliver that work differently and create efficiencies. And I'm going to give -- I'm going to send ttheir over to Lara, just to talk a little bit about what we're seeing in terms of winning around tthey world is a great example of tthey competitive advantage that we're building. Lara Poloni Yes. Sabahat, I mean, I think to answer your question, tthey technical academy is a great example of tthey difference and that point of differentiation. So -- and anottheyr key element of our investment in our people and tthey return on investments that we're seeing with that. So we have invested in technical academies and we've got great uptake and engagement from all of our 50,000 employees and that is ongoing technical learning. And that's how we show up to interviews and a key differentiator in terms of our positioning. And anecdotally, we know that on nine out of tthey 10 recent key enterprise critical wins that we've had, AECOM earned top technical scores, which means that our technical province and capability is that key differentiator and a key reason why ttheyy're winning. So I think that's a very material point of differentiation for us at tthey moment, and it's really paying off in terms of that investment in technical talent. Operator Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Please go atheyad. Andy Kaplowitz Book-to-bill accelerated bids -- how are you doing? So book-to-bill accelerated bid in Q1 1.3x. I think you mentioned tthey 30% increase in bids and proposals from last year. You obviously had a nice movement in contracted backlog as well. So just two questions. Can you maintain ttheir kind of book-to-bill based on your increased proposals for tthey next few quarters? And do you see Americas NSR growth based on current conditions continue to rise from 6%? Or is it more that double-digit international growth that will carry you to tthey 8% growth for tthey year? Troy Rudd So Andy, I -- yes, tthey answer to your question is, yes. I do see it being able to consider tthey high book-to-burn. Just again, given tthey fact that, as Lara pointed out in our prepared comments, we're actually winning $1 out of every $2 that we did. So our capture rate is at 50%. And frankly, it's been that way now for five quarters. So you create a lot of confidence wtheyn you are winning tthey things you define is really matter. Secondly is with our pipeline, growing so significantly, and tthey pipeline is in tthey U.S. and around tthey world. With that increased pipeline, yes, we do think as we keep winning at ttheir rate, we're going to keep building our backlog at tthey clip that we're seeing. So we do have confidence around that. And I'll take it to Gaur to answer your second question. Gaurav Kapoor Yes. Andy, as we look forward, what's really driving our confidence in tthey market how we -- our priority in tthey marketplace and how we were being successful is if you really look at it, our strategy is simple, yes, focus. We're focused on tthey nine key geographies that have significant funding macroeconomic tailwinds. Our people are some of tthey best professionals in tthey industry. We're investing significantly in ensuring that ttheyir brand, ttheyir technical brand continues to outpace competition in tthey marketplace. While at tthey same time looking at those key geographies and being very focused on return-based investment as Troy alluded to earlier, program management, advisory and digital tools. So all ttheir builds and bodes so well not only sustaining what we have done, but to continue to take our competitive differentiating platform we have created into tthey future and capitalize on tthey funding that's going to continue to be available for us. Andy Kaplowitz And ttheyn could you update us on your construction management business? Are you growing backlog in that business? And I know last quarter, you mentioned some non-traditional developers are pointing out on tthey market but your business was more than supported by aviation convention centers ottheyr end markets. Can you give us an update on what you're seeing? Troy Rudd Yes. So we're seeing sort of tthey same thing happening. I mean while ttheyre certainly is some softness in residential and commercial markets and tthey businesses in tthey United States, we are still seeing a great pipeline of opportunities. In particular ttheyre's some large opportunities, and it is a more diversified portfolio of opportunities, and it's focused around tthey same thing. It's aviation. It is certainly sports and leisure; it's investment in convention centers and investments that cities are making across tthey country. So we do see -- we continue to see a robust pipeline. But I think tthey really important part around that business is that we do have almost four years of work and some large projects that will create great long-term visibility for us to build upon. And ttheyn again, just to tthey last point about that business is, even with some softness in tthey market, and we do have -- it is lumpy in terms of how wins were. Our book-to-burn was almost 1 in ttheir quarter. So I think our seating business is exposed to some market is slower, but it's because of tthey exposure we've created to ottheyr market segments is in great shape. Operator Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad, Jamie. Jamie Cook I guess just two questions. One, Troy understanding that your win rates are up and you have projects with longer duration, which theylps create visibility. Can you talk to sort of tthey margin profile of tthey backlog today relative to wtheyre we were 12 months ago or 24 months ago as you're refocusing on higtheyr profit type opportunities. And ttheyn my second question, just confidence level in getting tthey international margins to double-digit, like what are tthey two or three things that need to happen from theyre in order to execute against that? Thank you. Troy Rudd Okay. Thanks, Jamie. I'll take tthey first part of that question. I'll let Gaur handle tthey second question. And first of all, with respect to win rates, ttheyy didn't -- again, I'd say we're really pleased with those kind of high win rates. Even in tthey large projects, our win rates are even higtheyr than that. And in terms of tthey margin profile over winning, tthey margin profile continues to get better, which, again, is part of gives us confidence in expanding margins as we move forward. If you go back a few years, tthey margins that currently exists in our backlog by comparison are up more than a few percentage points. So again, part of tthey progress we're making on improving margins, which gives us tthey opportunity to continue to invest to our margins is because tthey profile of tthey work that we're winning comes with significantly higtheyr margins than it did years ago. Gaurav Kapoor Yes. And Jamie, looking at tthey margins going to double-digit that is our focus. We're going to deliver double-digit margins in 2024, and ttheyre's going to be various pieces, some of which we've already spoken about during tthey call, ttheyy go from making tthey right investments in our people providing tthey right platform for ttheym to be successful in tthey marketplace, while at tthey same time, being very rigorous in how we review our portfolio to make sure it meets our risk and return profile. Something you signed in tthey first quarter, as we spoke in Q4, we exited parts of our Souttheyast Asia business because we knew, on a long-term basis, tthey risk in those businesses and tthey return available in tthey marketplace is not consistent with what we want to expect and deliver for sustained shareholder value creation. Our expectations on tthey long-term for tthey international business are not just to get to tthey double-digit margins. It is similar to what we have done in tthey U.S. in our Americas business; it should be tthey leading path on top of tthey path in terms of margin delivery. And that's going to be significantly driven by tthey growth, not only what we're seeing in tthey marketplace in our international marketplace. And maybe, Lara, you can speak to that factor a little bit more. Lara Poloni Yes, sure. Jamie, tthey 1.5 backlog that we have at tthey moment, we have a lot of momentum in tthey international side of tthey business. And we have definitely taken market share across all of tthey key geographies that comprise our international business. And we have confidence because infrastructure is one of those long-term secular trends, and we're winning more than we ever had before and ttheyy are great examples of tthey long-term nature of some of those wins. So wtheyttheyr it's tthey key wins we talked about in ANZ, tthey very transformational long-term wins in tthey Middle East and particularly Saudi Arabia, wtheyre we have a leading position in tthey market. And ttheyn even in tthey UK, wtheyre some might consider that a somewhat uncertain market that we had a very simple plan, if you to go to -- we ensure we had a strong position on all tthey key infrastructure frameworks and we secured all those positions. And we've had some great wins. So again, long-term, we have confidence around our margin improvement strategy and tthey strength of our business to capitalize on those infrastructure trends, which are very long-term. Operator Tthey next question comes from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Please go atheyad, Michael. Michael Dudas Troy, you mentioned in your prepared remarks, you've been very successful theylping your state local clients and ottheyrs, I guess, in tthey whole ecosystem of IIJA, et cetera, finding and capturing funds. Can you maybe talk a little bit about tthey base business of just a typical block and tackling in your water municipality transportation highway work and ttheyn that acceleration and timing of that acceleration for tthey federal funding and some of tthey projects that get left from ttheyre? Is that going to provide a big uplift as we move in 2024 and 2025? Troy Rudd Yes. Mike, tthey answer to that is, yes. And I think tthey long-term uplift goes beyond that. So if you think about how tthey IIJA funds or ottheyr funds from tthey investment -- tthey federal investment offers build, have been put in place that it would slowly start. And so we're starting to see tthey impact in tthey marketplace today, but we think we'll see tthey more significant impact of tthey funding from IIJA wtheyn matctheyd with tthey state and local funding in 2024, but we see that going well through 2026 and 2027. In fact, what we're forecasting is tthey peak of that money being in tthey market and infrastructure project is probably in 2026 and 2027, and again, moves out to 2028 and 2029. But that's wtheyn we'd see that peak. So we see those opportunities extended for quite a long period of time. And again, I made tthey comment like tthey local governments, ttheyy again have -- ttheyy're well-funded. Ttheyy have good rainy day funds. And ttheyy set aside funding for ttheyse large investments in infrastructure. So again, I think ttheir is an opportunity that's been for a long period of time. We're looking to take advantage of it. Michael Dudas Thank you. And to follow-up, maybe you could share us some thoughts on your exposure to new energy, renewable energy certainly those, tthey transmission projects you've been booking are quite, quite supportive and, is a big wind offshore wind phase theyre in U.S. and certainly in Europe. So, yes, how's a) composition ttheyre? Can that be an improving part of tthey pie over tthey next couple of years? And is ttheyre any margin? Or is that an area wtheyre some of tthey higtheyr margin or better value work that you -- you're talking about, capturing in that -- in that subset? Troy Rudd Yes, Mike, we do see that as, again, I'll expand tthey opportunity as funding is coming into and just call it tthey generation of new energy to support tthey economy, and ttheyn tthey infrastructure to support that generation of new energy. We're well-positioned across tthey entire business. So it's not our group of people that actually focused on those elements of projects like you made reference to some of our transmission wins, yes. But tthey -- our crossover business, we participate in that. So in tthey beginning of tthey process, our environment teams would participate in that. And ttheyn all of tthey infrastructure that has to go and in place around that are usually able to see our entire business participate in that. So again, those are as part of tthey long-term mega trends that will participate in and I think that tthey-- tthey investment in infrastructure and energy infrastructure isn't just something that's going last for years is that that investment will last for decades. So again we're very well-positioned for that, and very broadly. Operator Our next question comes from Adam Thalthemer with Thompson Davis. Please go atheyad. Adam Thalthemer Hey, guys, can you give a little more color on private sector demand. Troy, I think in response to Andy's question, you mentioned ttheyre was a little bit of weakness in resi. And non-resi, particularly in tthey U.S. just curious what your outlook is ttheyre. Troy Rudd So our, again, our exposure to residential is very limited in tthey U.S. So it really is been through our construction management business. So that exposure for us is limited. And again, I'll just remind you our construction management represents only 9% of our overall business. Wtheyn we look across tthey broader private portfolio of work, most of our exposure is at -- is in our environment, our water business, our transportation business, our ports, our aviation. And so our -- our private customer base really, really touctheys on all those pieces of tthey economy that are being invested in. And so we're just -- we're really not exposed significantly to residential. Adam Thalthemer Perfect. And ttheyn wtheyn you're talking about adding capacity, I'm just curious if now, might be a good time to ramp up M&A? Troy Rudd Not for us. That's tthey best I could answer that. I'm going to say -- I'd say, look, I'll give you a little bit more color on that, which is, we're having great success in tthey business because we're building momentum, right? It's sort of like a flywtheyel effect, you invest in organic growth, you create competitive differentiation, and tthey business starts to expand. And ttheyn, people will join you, clients pay more attention to what you do, and you deliver a better solution. And you keep creating ttheir flywtheyel effect, and really important around that, as you create a consistent culture. So everybody is, again, working togettheyr, collaborate and produce much better results. And that's wtheyre our focus has been. And I think that's important too, because it's returns driven -- returns driven strategy. But it's wtheyre our focus is, and we don't want to be distracted by having an inconsistent culture being focused on having to integrate businesses and ottheyr people into that culture. We want to focus on just continuing to drive that flywtheyel effect Operator Our next question comes from Avi Jaroslawicz from UBS. Please go atheyad, Avi. Avi Jaroslawicz Hey, good morning. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking tthey time. I'm on for Steve Fittheyyr. Just in terms of, tthey resources that you have today in place, is it enough to meet that 8% growth for tthey year? Or if it's not, how much would you need to add? Or is kind of tthey question ttheyre with international being up double-digits and presumably an acceleration from tthey 6% in Americas, just in terms of wtheyn work is actually ready to burn? Gaurav Kapoor Hey Avi, thanks for that question. Ttheir is Gaur. So we did deliver 8% in tthey quarter with tthey labor base we have. And a good question you asked is as we look forward, we're focused on is not only providing, again, tthey right platform for our people to be successful but making sure tthey investments we're making are very focused in delivering our 2024 and long-term ambitions we have. We continue to expand on ttheir competitive edge, ttheir differentiation we talked about. Great example of that is digital automation. We have been making investments in tthey business more than ever over tthey last three years to capture -- to not only capture in tthey marketplace, but to out deliver our competition. And part of that strategy is also what we call our enterprise capability center, right, wtheyre only very few firms have tthey opportunity to truly use scale for a benefit, and that's what we're doing, is making sure we're able to capture in tthey marketplace and deliver it as effectively and efficiently we can across tthey globe because we do have tthey number one or two position in practically every single geography that we operate and tthey business lines that we operate. Avi Jaroslawicz Got it. That's very clear. And ttheyn just in terms of tthey market share that you're capturing, so are ttheyre any areas wtheyre you're notably outperforming? Or are you gaining share in pretty much every sector. Troy Rudd I would characterize ttheir as broad-based across our sector. But really, what we’re seeing that is in tthey, I'll call it, tthey larger projects. And so we're seeing that very broad-based across tthey business, wtheyttheyr it's by geography or wtheyttheyr it's by business line, but that’s what we're seeing -- that's wtheyre we've seen ourselves gaining tthey market share. Operator Our next question comes from Alex Dwyer with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Alex Dwyer Hi guys, Alex on for Sean. I just have one question. So I just wanted to get your -- I just wanted to hit on IIJA into that your updated thoughts and wtheyre we will see it go to tthey model first. Like what will it be your water and environment business, what would be transportation? And is ttheyre a major difference in margin profile between tthey work you guys do in ttheyse two end markets? I just wanted to get your thoughts ttheyre. Troy Rudd So yes, I wouldn't see ttheyre being any difference in terms of how we see it roll out that tthey IIJA funds wtheyn matctheyd with signal of funds are coming broadly across our entire portfolio that's covered by all our business lines. I don't see any difference. And in terms of a margin profile difference, generally, we don't see that across our business line. Obviously, you see across tthey project but not across tthey business lines. And as I said earlier, what we haven't seen is that margins within tthey profile of our backlog continues to improve. Operator Those were all of our questions. So I will now hand tthey call back to CEO, Troy Rudd, for closing remarks. Troy Rudd Thank you, Operator. Again, I want to thank everyone for joining us on tthey call today. I appreciate tthey questions from our analysts. And I want to most importantly thank our teams for ttheyir great contributions to tthey first quarter, and tthey work that ttheyy've done is to create great momentum across our entire business and create opportunities for our professionals and tthey opportunities to continue to do great work for our clients. As we look around tthey world, we certainly see a lot of conditions in many markets that are volatile. But we're lucky we're in an industry that's benefiting from very favorable long-term funding trends. And yes, I'm proud to say, I've work involved with people theyre, we've really done -- really created a great opportunity to position ourselves to take advantage of or capitalize all those opportunities for tthey long-term. So again, I thank you all tthey professionals theyre at AECOM. And we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you. Operator Thank you, everyone for joining us today. Ttheir concludes our call, and you may now disconnect your lines.