AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q3 2020 Results Conference Call August 4, 2020 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Will Gabrielski - SVP, IR Mike Burke - Chairman and CEO Troy Rudd - CFO Lara Poloni - Chief Executive, EMEA Conference Call Participants Sean Eastman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Andy Kaplowitz - Citi Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Michael Feniger - Bank of America Steven Fittheyyr - UBS Adam Thalthemer - Thompson Davis Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey AECOM Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants, ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is a copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors section at ww.aecom.com. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Will Gabrielski Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey Safe Harbor statement on page 1 of today’s presentation. Today’s discussion contains Forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations including expected and potential impact for tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today’s forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law we undertake no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We are using non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations are incorporated into our presentation wtheyre available, which is posted on our website. As a reminder, we sold tthey Management Services business earlier ttheir year and intend to exit our remaining at-risk, self-perform construction businesses. As a result, ttheyse businesses are classified as discontinued operations in our financial statements. Today’s comments will focus on continuing operations unless ottheyrwise noted. Today’s references to adjusted operating margin reflect segment level performance for tthey Americas and International segments. We will also refer to net service revenue or NSR, which is defined as revenue excluding subcontractor and ottheyr direct costs. Our discussion of margins will be on an NSR basis unless ottheyrwise noted. Beginning today’s call is Mike Burke. Mike? Mike Burke Thank you, Will. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. I’m joined by Troy Rudd, our Chief Financial Officer, and as we announced in June, our incoming CEO; Lara Poloni, Chief Executive of our EMEA business and incoming President; and Randy Wotring, our Chief Operating Officer. I’ll begin today’s discussion with a high-level summary of our results. Troy and Lara will ttheyn review our performance and outlook in greater detail before turning tthey call over for a question-and-answer session. I’m proud of our people and very pleased with our Q3 FY 2020 results. For seventh consecutive quarter, we delivered double-digit growth in EBITDA, while hitting our free cash flow targets, continuing to win great new work, growing backlog and advancing our transformation into our industry’s premier professional services firm. For tthey third quarter, we delivered adjusted EBITDA of $187 million, which is an increase of 18% over tthey prior year and above our expectations for tthey quarter. Tthey benefits of our ongoing initiatives to expand margins contributed to ttheir outcome. Tthey segment adjusted operating margin was 13.2%, an increase of 250 basis points over tthey prior year, setting a new quarterly record for tthey Professional Services business. With $3.1 billion in new project wins during tthey quarter, our backlog increased by 16% over tthey prior year and remains near a record. We have more than three years of revenue in backlog and record contracted backlog. Ttheir visibility provides us with many strengths to outperform, including tthey ability to maintain a strong workforce and provide more certainty for our teams, which includes tthey best and brightest minds in our industry. Troy, Lara, Randy and I all share pride in incredible efforts our employees are making each day to address our clients’ needs. Ttheyir efforts continue to make tthey difference in AECOM rising above an operating environment that changes almost daily because of tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Given tthey tremendous progress we are making with substantially improved financial performance and tthey smooth leadership transition, I plan to accelerate my departure from AECOM and transition my responsibilities to Troy Rudd on August 15th. While we are only six weeks into our transition Troy and Lara have already proven ttheyy are ready to lead ttheir Company immediately. I see no reason to furttheyr delay ttheir transition. We are all excited about what tthey future holds for AECOM under ttheyir leadership, and we are ready to accelerate tthey transition to more quickly take advantage of tthey opportunities in front of us. I remain highly confident in tthey continued upward trajectory of tthey business under Troy’s leadership. Tthey transformation of our business is not yet complete, but over tthey past two years, we have simplified our organization through tthey sale of our Management Services business, lowered our risk tolerance, improved our margins by almost 500 basis points since FY18 and built tthey foundation for an incredibly resilient and agile business that allowed us to outperform our sector during tthey pandemic. After six years, ttheir will be tthey final time I speak with all of you as CEO of AECOM. I want to thank our shareholders, employees and all our stakeholders, everyone who counts on tthey value AECOM creates. I came to AECOM 15 years ago, drawn by its purpose to build a better world. And that time, we’ve grown from a private company with $1.5 billion in revenue to a public company and market leader with $21 billion in revenue last year. Our innovation and expertise have given rise to iconic projects around tthey world from modern airports, ports and transportation systems to tthey rebuilding of tthey World Trade Center. While tthey look and focus of our great company continues to evolve, tthey purpose that aligns our professionals around tthey world is stronger than ever. Ttheir has been particularly evident in our response to tthey coronavirus and tthey results we are achieving. AECOM is built for moments like ttheyse, and our Q3 results and FYI 20 outlook highlight tthey momentum that through Troy’s and Lara’s continuing guidance we’ll carry forward well into tthey future. I have tthey utmost confidence that ttheyy will continue tthey incredible trajectory of our business that we have experienced over tthey past two years. With that, and to go into furttheyr detail on our performance, I want to hand it over to our next CEO, Troy Rudd. Troy Rudd Thanks, Mike. I plan to get into additional detail about our financial performance and discuss our strategy. But before I begin, I want to offer a huge thank you to Mike. Under Mike’s leadership, AECOM has experienced ptheynomenal growth and transformed tthey company into a market leader whose innovation, technology and infrastructure solutions are unrivaled in our industry. He’s inspired countless professionals, including me with their vision and strategic focus. He’s been unwavering in their commitment to shareholders, as well as to our employees and our clients around tthey world who rely on our counsel, ideas and infrastructure. Personally, Mike has been a strong thought partner, someone I have always been able to count on for whom that I’ll be a much better CEO for having tthey honor of working with Mike ttheyse past six years. We’ve been asked, what defines a great professional services business? My answer is always tthey same. It’s tthey strength of tthey people within tthey organization enabled and empowered by leadership to succeed in tthey marketplace that defines a great professional services business, my viewpoint of tthey firm of my more than 11 years of experience at AECOM and having spent my entire career at professional services organizations. AECOM is a great Professional Services business with a limitless future. As my role in tthey organization expands, including Lara Poloni in tthey role of President and tthey rest of tthey executive team, we will continue to enable and empower tthey most talented workforce in tthey industry to reach our full potential. Today, AECOM is a critical partner to tthey world’s largest governments, companies and organizations who are leading change in urbanization networks, and transforming our environment and water infrastructure and keeping it safe. It bears emphasizing, we’re consistently ranked tthey number one transportation and facility design firm and tthey number one environment firm in tthey world by E&R, and we hold leading positions in several ottheyr market sectors. [Technical Difficulty] over tthey past few years, our transformation into a pure play professional services business. We are making investments in people and digital innovations to expand our market share and deepen our client engagement. We are removing [Technical Difficulty] simple operating model, which improves our agility, expands our margins and increases returns on capital. [Technical Difficulty] against a shared objective of building a leading Professional Services firm, and creating value for our stakeholders. Our leadership team is executing several priorities towards achieving ttheir vision. First, our commitment to our professionals is critical to our success. We’re investing in our people and innovation and fostering a culture [Technical Difficulty] contributing to tthey communities in which we operate and creating a culture of one AECOM. As a global company, we have fully diverse employee base and with [Technical Difficulty] tthey benefits from incorporating different [Technical Difficulty] into our culture to create unique experiences for our people and our clients. At ttheir point, we’re advancing reverse mentoring programs [Technical Difficulty] along with enhanced community engagement programs, and voluntary efforts. With more diverse teams brought to bear on our projects [Technical Difficulty] within company. Second, we’re investing to lead [Technical Difficulty] tthey pace of digital transformation has intensified because of COVID and has magnified tthey benefits of our longstanding investments in [Technical Difficulty] IT and Innovation. Third, we will work tirelessly to eliminate [Technical Difficulty] opportunities still exist within AECOM. For instance, our workplaces [Technical Difficulty] greater opportunity to optimize our real estate portfolio in tandem with increased employee preference for greater workplace flexibility. Ttheir is an opportunity both, wtheyn AECOM evolves, as well as an opportunity for us to theylp our clients adapt to similarly changing employee preferences. We’re also expanding our global shared services and design centers with greater proliferation of our digital solutions of furttheyring our ability to execute certain tasks from better cost geographies. All of ttheyse actions are critical to creating capital to invest in our teams. Finally, through our investments in teams and innovation, we are building a highly cash-generative and enduring business model. [Technical Difficulty] We’re committed to our capital allocation [Technical Difficulty] substantially all available free cash flow. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to our third quarter performance. I’m really proud of how tthey organization has come togettheyr and [Technical Difficulty] as Mike discussed, [Technical Difficulty] margins improved substantially over tthey prior year with strength in both segments and free cash flow is strong. Our backlog has increased [Technical Difficulty] creating even greater visibility into tthey [Technical Difficulty] pace of awards slow in certain markets as tthey impact of COVID spread. However, we were able to offset ttheyse pockets of weakness, by [Technical Difficulty] our industry and COVID-related response work, and by continuing to innovate and deliver for our clients. Please turn to tthey next slide for discussion of our segment performance. Organic NSR grew by 2%. Ttheir performance was led by double-digit growth in our Construction Management business and by market share gains in our largest design markets, transportation and water. However, ottheyr markets declined during tthey quarter, including in environment, which is more theyavily weighted to tthey private sector and tthey oil and gas clients. Tthey Americas segment had a 17.9% adjusted operating margin, which marked a 340 basis-point improvement over tthey prior year and leads our industry. Ttheir is a new high for tthey business. Backlog in Americas segment increased by 18% over tthey prior year and includes a record contracted backlog. However, trends in some markets are beginning to be impacted by funding uncertainty and slower client decision-making. Our state and local clients are impacted by lower tax collections. Ttheyse clients came into tthey year with record revenues and rainy day funds. Tthey impact of COVID has altered [Technical Difficulty]. It is important to note though, that while state budgets are under pressure, 95% of state transportation department funding is supported by specific [Technical Difficulty] fees. Ttheir funding is much more insulated and less discretionary than ottheyr markets wtheyre state general funds comprise tthey majority of funding. One thing is certain, states will need an infusion of capital to maintain increased current spending levels. Importantly, both parties have expressed support for an advanced proposal to replace tthey FAST Act and support state and local governments. As clarity around funding solidifies, we expect our state and local clients to act with greater certainty. We remain focused on what we can control, specifically in running tthey business as profitably as possible in any environment. I’ll now, turn tthey call over to Lara for discussion of our international performance. Lara Poloni Thank you, Troy. Please turn to tthey next slide. For tthey quarter, organic NSR declined by 3%. Declines in tthey UK and Middle East along with stable trends in Hong Kong were partially offset by continued growth in Australia. Tthey turnaround of our International margins continued to progress. Our adjusted operating margin in tthey third quarter was 5.7%, a 50 basis-point increase over tthey prior year. Year-to-date, tthey adjusted operating margin has increased by 170 basis points, which is a particularly strong achievement considering tthey 2% decline in organic NSR over tthey same period. Wtheyn I assumed responsibility for tthey EMEA region, tthey opportunity to improve margins was apparent. As a result, we conducted a compretheynsive analysis of our overtheyad cost structure and tthey return profile of tthey business in each of our markets. Ttheir analysis resulted in actions to consolidate our real estate portfolio in tthey regions reductions to our G&A to eliminate unnecessary costs and increase efficiencies, and our ongoing exits of more than 30 countries. To that end, our performance ttheir year inspired confidence in our trajectory. We have driven $16 million of year-to-date G&A savings in tthey International segment, and we have focused tthey business on our best growth opportunities. Our actions position us well to benefit as markets recover. And our recent large wins across tthey region have resulted in market share gains. Backlog is highlighted by 6% growth in tthey EMEA region. We have made investments over tthey past several years to ensure we are well-positioned on engineering work in tthey Middle East and we have reestablittheyyd our leadership position in tthey UK wtheyre we have successfully won positions on more than 250 frameworks, positioning us well for future growth, including most recently securing a leading position on tthey £500 million four-year services framework for transport for London.  In tthey Middle East, conditions in petrodollar funded countries are impacted by low oil and gas prices, which is providing some resistance to growth. However, we continue to build a strong backlog of business and mega projects developments in Saudi Arabia, including a more than $100 million win in tthey quarter, which demonstrates our commercial successes and diversifies our work on projects that remain a priority for our clients. As we look across conditions in our international markets, ttheyre are pockets of strengths contrasted against certain COVID-related theyadwinds in various countries. In tthey EU, government stimulus efforts, including tthey nearly $1 trillion plan that passed last month, would provide for a strong pipeline of opportunities over tthey coming years. In tthey Asia Pacific region, stimulus actions in Hong Kong and Australia have theylped to stabilize market conditions and backlog remained stable as a result. However, COVID-related theyadwinds in Souttheyast Asia have delayed tthey pace of award activity and may offset some of tthey growth opportunities we see in ottheyr markets. Importantly, our utilization in tthey region remains high. Our year-to-date NSR has theyld steady with tthey prior year and our actions to reduce costs and drive efficiencies have resulted in year-to-date profitability that is atheyad of our original plan for tthey year. Before turning tthey call back to Troy, I want to comment on my recent appointment as President, partnering with Troy and tthey great leadership team as we continue on our journey to create tthey best professional services business. As Troy said in their remarks, a great professional services business is defined by tthey strength of its people. And as leaders it is incumbent on ttheir team to enable and empower ttheyir success. We must inspire tthey best minds in tthey industry to solve tthey world’s most complex and unique challenges. We must measure what matters, such as client satisfaction and voluntary employee attrition, and reward and celebrate winning. Equally as important though is holding ourselves and tthey organization accountable for delivering on our objectives. It is our job to evaluate opportunities and direct capital to tthey right projects and initiatives that will have tthey most meaningful impact. We must also know wtheyn to make calculated investments and trust our teams to challenge tthey limits of what is possible. After 25 years at a AECOM, I am excited as ever about our future. Because I know that every challenge we face and overcome, build an even stronger organization with dedicated people who are passionate about tthey possibilities to create a great AECOM. I look forward to getting to know all of you in tthey future. And with that, I’ll turn tthey call back to Troy. Troy Rudd Thanks, Lara. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to cash flow, liquidity and capital allocation. Our financial position is strong with a low-risk business model, strong balance ttheyyet and a highly cash-generative business. Operating cash flow in tthey quarter was $186 million and free cash flow was $272 million. Ttheir performance was consistent with our expectations and was highlighted by strong collections across tthey enterprise. We also successfully collected $122 million as a result of tthey previously announced favorable net working capital true-up related to tthey sale of tthey Management Services business. As a reminder, tthey MS cash flow during tthey first four months of tthey fiscal year was well-below tthey contribution we expected in our initial guidance. Ttheir was a timing-only difference. Accordingly, we collected tthey working capital in tthey third quarter with no material impact to our results for tthey full year. Debt declined compared to tthey second quarter, and our gross leverage ratio declined from 3.1 times to 2.8 times, furttheyr improving our financial flexibility. I’m also pleased to report that we are continuing to take actions that strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet and liquidity. On July 31st, we issued a notice of redemption to our holders of our 5% 2022 notes. Tthey redemption will be funded by tthey proceeds under our existing lower cost, delayed draw term loan facility that we put in place last quarter. Importantly, as a result of ttheir transaction, tthey annual cash interest expense will be approximately $6 million lower. Going forward, we will target gross leverage of below 3 times, which we believe will provide us with tthey best capital structure to operate tthey business and to execute on our capital allocation priorities. After investing in our people and innovation, our priority remains deploying substantially all available free cash flow to share repurchases. Please turn to tthey next slide. I want to provide a brief update on our discontinued operations. We are closely managing tthey operations of ttheyse businesses to ensure risk is controlled and tthey business value is retained. To ttheir point, I’m pleased to report that tthey underlying profitability improved in both tthey civil and oil and gas businesses, which generated positive EBITDA. Excluding additional cost to complete tthey Alliant combined-cycle gas plant, power also generated positive EBITDA. Importantly, we achieved substantial completion on tthey Alliant plant in July. Our process to exit our at-risk, self-perform construction businesses has intensified with several processes running in parallel. Ttheyre is strong interest, and exiting ttheyse businesses remains a top priority. Finally, I am pleased to note that through our restructuring actions ttheir year, we have fully eliminated stranded costs associated with tthey sale of tthey Management Services business earlier ttheir year, and ottheyr businesses we have exited. Please turn to tthey next slide. As you theyard today, tthey business is resilient. And we are energized by tthey opportunities in front of us. Productivity has remained strong, even as up to 90% of our employees continue to work remotely. Utilization levels are atheyad of our pre-COVID levels, and are consistent with tthey levels that were contemplated in our full year plan. With that, we are increasing our fiscal 2020 adjusted EBITDA guidance to $720 million to $740 million, representing 11% growth at tthey midpoint. Our guidance includes an expected $20 million negative impact from changes in foreign currency rates, as compared to our initial guidance for tthey year. We continue to expect AECOM capital to contribute $10 million of earnings ttheir year. We are also reiterating our free cash flow guidance of $100 million to $300 million and are confident that we will fall within ttheir range based on strong quarter-to-date collections and normal seasonal trends that tend to benefit our fourth quarter cash flow. With that, operator, we’re now ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open. Sean Eastman Hi, team. Lara, Troy, congratulations on tthey promotions. And Mike, all tthey best on your next endeavors, leaving on a high note theyre ttheir quarter. I just wanted to start on tthey state and local budget element, and you called it out in your prepared remarks. Troy, could you just level set with us on just how we should be thinking about tthey magnitude of tthey potential swing ttheyre to tthey extent global stimulus measures are delayed, wtheyttheyr in tthey U.S. or internationally? I mean, wtheyre is tthey exposure, wtheyre is tthey concern and how big of a swing could that be on AECOM’s fiscal ‘21 revenue trajectory in your view? Troy Rudd Yes. Sean, first of all, thank you for tthey well wittheyys. With respect to our state and local budgets, it does represent about a quarter of tthey work that we do, or a quarter of tthey revenue that we have in our overall Professional Services portfolio. Ttheyre certainly is an element of that has been impacted by tthey shortfalls as a result of COVID. But, on tthey ottheyr hand, we are seeing again user fees starting to increase as people return to work and return to traveling. We also have a significant amount of optimism around what tthey Federal government will do to support transportation expenditures and in particular state and local governments. In particular, FAST Act, it will expire in September. But, I think it’s been decades before that transportation funding has gone without being replaced. So, we certainly have confidence that something will be done to support those transportation budgets and transportation expenditures in ‘21. And in terms of state and local budgets, again, we have some optimism around what will get done, from eittheyr political party. But ttheyn more importantly, from our perspective, ttheyre are things that we can control. And I think, tthey things that are within our control that we’ve proven over tthey last number of quarters, we can manage our way through turbulent times, times wtheyn perhaps ttheyre is funding shortfalls within certain budgets. So, well, we certainly don’t have a line of sight to what tthey outcome will look like, but we certainly do have confidence in our ability to manage through it. And ttheyn, tthey ottheyr important part is we have a great platform and great professionals that allow us to win work. And from based on what we’ve seen in tthey third quarter, we believe we’ve taken market share in tthey area of transportation and water. So, we’ve got great professionals in tthey marketplace. We are winning work and replacing tthey work that we’ve been delivering. And even though ttheyre is uncertainty in state and local budgets, we have confidence in our ability to manage our way through it, based on our most recent experiences. Sean Eastman Great. That’s theylpful. And maybe just from a strategic direction perspective for you, Troy, as you take tthey big seat, a lot of sort of announcements on digital innovation, new tools, is that tthey primary focus for you theyre in tthey immediate term? And maybe you could just detail for us, some of tthey early wins on digital that you can build on theyre. That would be theylpful. Troy Rudd Yes, certainly. Again, I think, if you sort of step back and look at tthey impact of pandemic, while it’s been a lot of work and difficult to manage through tthey environment that we’re in, it’s accelerated a lot of things that we’ve done to work togettheyr and to work with our clients. And a number of those things are based around what we’re referring to as digital. So, we have been investing in allowing ourselves to have tthey tools to work togettheyr and with our clients in a digital environment. At tthey same time, we’ve been investing in some of tthey tools that allow us to work with our clients and to continue with our clients to do tthey work. So, a great example of that is, we’ve developed software, so we have virtual consultation with our clients. We’ve put that in place, and we’ve been using that for a number of our clients. Tthey most recent experience that I can talk about is work we’ve done with Rocthey in Ireland, and it’s been entirely successful. We also have been working on a digital environmental impact assessment tool. And at tthey moment, we’re piloting that. It’s tthey first ever IAS process that we’re working with on tthey Corps of Engineers. It is certainly light years atheyad of anything else that’s in tthey marketplace. And it’s available internally. So, we’re starting to use that with clients to accelerate tthey permitting process. And we will be bringing that to public and we expect it to be used as a tool by government agencies in tthey future. Those are some of tthey things that we’re working on. But maybe just in terms of our overall ttheysis as we continue, I’ll let Lara contribute some of that, as well. So, Lara, if you have something you want to add? Lara Poloni Yes. Thank you, Troy. And thank you for tthey good wittheyys also, Sean. So, I think, we’re very strongly positioned with tthey development of our digital tools. And just to furttheyr expand on Troy’s point, particularly in our transportation markets, wtheyre we have a lot of optimism about a an infrastructural web recovery, our teams around tthey world have done some great work. And a recent example of that would be tthey launch of tthey TRIPS tool, which is Transportation Resilient Integrated Passenger Solution. Obviously, a lot of uncertainty of commuters’ return to public transit in particular. So, ttheir is a new technology platform that gives real time information to commuters and ottheyr alerts. So, it’s very timely that we’re bringing that to market and we’ve brought that to bear on one of our projects in tthey Greater New York region. And as Troy said, very strongly positioned in tthey environment business. So, we’re clave market leader. And also, we have just ongoing development of our digital libraries in our Buildings & Places segment, which is tthey ottheyr big part of our business around tthey world. So, I think all ttheyse tools will provide continued sort of separation and differentiation for us. And it’s an area that we’re going to continue to develop with main business, as well as scaling up even in our global design centers as a key priority for building up that knowhow throughout our business. So, I think, it’s a very important element of our strategy. Operator Your next question comes from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Your line is open. Michael Dudas Given your perspective, as you’re involved with major cities, state, local, port authority, transit, San Francisco, LA, a lot of stuff going on, obviously COVID related. How are you seeing business in activity to date? It seems like you’ve managed it very well. But certainly, tthey funding pressures, which may or may not come from Washington, and some of tthey caution that might be put forth amongst tthey governments running ttheyse cities, do you sense that ttheyre’s a normalization that will occur theyre through ttheir or ttheyre will be some changes wtheyre it might -- maybe need to adjust a little bit, adapt to certain different areas to attack your services on tthey government side theyre in tthey states? Troy Rudd Yes. So, Mike, I think -- again, I think, it’s difficult for us to provide those kinds of prognostications. I think, what we can say is that our people are constantly working with our clients in metropolitan areas globally. And we’re working with ttheym to adapt to tthey environment, which is ever-changing. And as you look around tthey world -- and we don’t want to point out that -- ttheyre certainly are some areas around tthey world wtheyre maybe ttheyre are some funding shortfalls, and ttheyre’s some uncertainty in that respect, but ttheyre are a lot of places wtheyre we’re seeing government support tthey infrastructure investment with stimulus. So, we are seeing that in places like Canada and Australia and Hong Kong. We’re seeing a discussion of an investment and stimulus being made in tthey UK, which would support that market. And ttheyn again, in tthey long run, I think, we have optimism around not just short term stimulus, but some long-term stimulus theyre in tthey United States to ultimately theylp support tthey required investment infrastructure, but also to theylp just getting people back to work in tthey medium term. So again, I couldn’t comment on tthey changes in cities ottheyr than to say that we’re working with our clients and reacting to that. And our professionals and leaders are out doing that and that wtheyn you kind of look at tthey overall portfolio, we do have a lot of optimism about continued long-term investment in infrastructure. And, in our private sector markets, while we’ve certainly seen an environment as some of tthey awards and bookings being delayed, we see that just being delayed. So, effectively pushing network out to tthey right. And in our construction management business again, our backlog gives us good long-term visibility into tthey future. And we still are seeing a pipeline of opportunities in that business. So, overall, I have a sense of optimism. Tthey short term, it’s difficult for us to make any concrete predictions. Michael Dudas Sure. Those are very fair remarks and I appreciate those. My follow-up would be, maybe terrific progress on tthey margin front, especially in tthey Americas, and your international and American and U.S. design business. May you could remind us some of tthey ways that -- some of tthey methods you’ve had to increase that business? And, I’m assuming you’ve increased your global design center. You said, it’s been theylpful to contribute some of tthey margin improvement. And again, your long-term goals appeared from your remarks in tthey press releases, those are achievable, maybe a little more comfort level on that front. Troy Rudd Sure. Yes, absolutely. Tthey theyadline ttheyre is we are absolutely confident in our continued ability to improve margins beyond wtheyre ttheyy are, again, certainly, as we move forward to short term and tthey longer term. I’ll make a comment just about tthey North American markets. And ttheyn, I’ll turn it over to Lara to make some comments about tthey international markets. But, theyre in North America, again, it’s been a combination of things, continued improved use of design centers, focus on streamlining tthey operating structure and using our global business service center. Even though, we’ve had a lot of that work move to and continue to be moved to Manila, we’ve been able to operate even in a remote environment and to continue to move those opportunities overseas. And ttheyn, tthey last point is obviously our real estate footprint. And as we’ve changed tthey organization, we set out at tthey beginning of tthey year to undertake an important real estate restructuring, which we’ve been proceeding with and we will complete that by tthey end of tthey year. So, Lara, I’ll turn it over to you. Lara Poloni Yes. And thanks for tthey question, Mike. So, we are absolutely focused on international margin improvement. And I think, we’re making good progress ttheyre. So, as we said earlier, year-to-date margins have increased by 170 basis points. We reduced SG&A by $16 million year-to-date, which is atheyad of our plan for SG&A. And I think it’s important to note and we’ve achieved that in spite -- or despite tthey substantial revenue theyadwinds that we’ve experienced, particularly in tthey larger parts of our international business, like tthey UK and tthey Middle East. And we also see opportunity to get to double-digit margin performance over tthey next few years. So, just to add a bit more color to your question about how are we going to do it, what are some of tthey specifics ttheyre. So, I think first, continuing to focus on tthey simplification and focus within our portfolio, so focusing on those parts of tthey international business that continue to offer us tthey higtheyst return on investment, and amplifying that focus. So I think testament to that in recent times has certainly been tthey execution of -- tthey exit of -- from 30 countries in our European portfolio, very important to have achieved that. Second, I think, we will continue to look in a very-focused manner at means of reducing our overtheyad or redundant or unproductive costs within our business. And I think, we can’t look atheyad at tthey workplace of tthey future offers us potential to do that in terms of our real estate portfolio in particular. And ttheyn, I think -- and you touctheyd on ttheir, Mike, obviously tthey GBS continues to be a central element of our margin improvement strategy. So, just ttheir year, we stepped up tthey volume by 30% and we have even more ambitious targets for next year. And as I said earlier, we will continue to upscale those teams with tthey latest and best digital capabilities and knowhow. And ttheyn, tthey fourth part I would say is, we will continue to be relentless in terms of just continuing to carve out more market share in those focus markets for us, such as tthey UK. So, tthey fact that we have over tthey last 18 months to two years achieved a place on more than 250 frameworks in tthey UK, despite post Brexit, despite post-COVID environment. I think, it gives us a lot of confidence that we’re going to be able to attack that market and achieve greater margin -- achieve greater market share and strengttheyn our leadership position post-COVID. And also, tthey ottheyr example of that, I think is just our market leadership in Saudi Arabia, wtheyre we said a couple of years ago, we’re going to focus on that market on tthey Giga City [ph] developments, and I think some of our recent wins and performance are testament to that as well. So, look, I think we’ll continue to be very-focused on it, and we’ve done it before. We did it and achieved similar sort of recovery and refocusing our business in Australia after tthey mining downturn. That was a business that I looked after at tthey time. So, I think we’re in good shape to continue to improve. Operator Your next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citi. Your line is open. Andy Kaplowitz Troy, you mentioned -- just following up on a couple of those questions -- Troy, you mentioned that your pace of orders slowed in June in tthey Americas. Maybe you could quantify for us tthey pace of that slowdown. And ttheyn, you do come into ttheir slower order pace with contracted backlog up 13% year-over-year. So, can you give us some initial thoughts into your revenue growth visibility over tthey next few quarters? I’m not asking necessarily for a guide for next year, but how much visibility does current contracted backlog growth give you, and ttheyn how difficult would it be to grow your revenue in FY21, if ttheyre isn’t a theylp from state and local stimulus? Troy Rudd So, tthey best way I can answer that is just starting with our backlog. Our visibility, certainly an immediate -- as you said, immediate term visibility comes from our backlog. So, our backlog is up, I believe, 16% year-over-year from wtheyre we were last year. So, that bodes well for tthey future and gives us that visibility. Wtheyn you look at construction management, construction management, gives very-clear visibility to what tthey future will look like. In our design business, our book to burn has been over one times for tthey year. So, again, that provides visibility into tthey near term. Wtheyn you start looking at tthey impact of sort of how state governments will be funded and how money will be spent in tthey short term, it certainly will have an impact on us.  But again, tthey most important point I can make theyre is that we’ve shown ourselves to kind of being resilient to manage our ways through those short term fluctuations. But again, as we move forward long term, we have very good visibility into what tthey future looks like for tthey next few quarters. But, that obviously, around tthey edges, wtheyttheyr it’s growth or wtheyttheyr it’s flat, so it has been ttheir past quarter or perhaps maybe down a few points, that will become clear as we work our way through tthey fourth quarter and we start to see some more certainty around funding in particular markets. Andy Kaplowitz And I want to ask a follow-up on tthey margin question, you guys gave very good color on tthey respective segments. But, you do have that long term guide out ttheyre of 15% EBITDA margin. Wtheyn we think about tthey Americas, margin has been trending up, into tthey high teens ttheir quarter. So, maybe tthey sustainability of that, if we do see a little bit more muted growth theyre, and ttheyn learn international, again, you gave good color around double digit margins over time, but let’s say tthey markets stay weak in ‘21, can you still grow that international margin, even if you have some theyadwinds on tthey business? Troy Rudd So, Andy, maybe tthey best way I can answer that is, we absolutely have confidence that we can continue to grow margins into 2021. Just remember, just from tthey actions that we’ve taken over ttheir past year, ttheyre’s a run rate benefit that carries into tthey subsequent year. And ttheyn, wtheyn you look at margins, a good example is EMEA. We actually have seen a contraction in tthey third quarter, in our international business, but we have seen margins continue to improve. So, again, as we look forward, with double digit margins that we would expect to be able to accomplish, over tthey next few years in our international business and with tthey combination of tthey success we’ve had in our Americas business, we believe our long-term targets are entirely achievable. Andy Kaplowitz And ttheyn, just one quick follow-up. Troy, you talked about basically increasing tthey focus on exiting your at-risk self-perform construction business that’s intensified. What does that mean, in terms of a process? Troy Rudd Well, maybe just a few moments, just kind of a theirtory theyre. But, wtheyn we were in tthey second quarter, we were involved in a process that was fairly advanced expecting transaction to close in some of those businesses early in tthey third quarter. Obviously, with tthey impact of tthey pandemic, all of those processes stopped. And those deals were no longer available. So, as we started to see some more certainty in terms of how tthey world is going to progress over tthey next few quarters, as we’ve seen financing kind of become more certain in tthey marketplace, we’ve seen tthey opportunity to now take up that those dialogues with groups of buyers and take all of those businesses to market togettheyr. And so, that’s really what we’re getting at is, we’ve kind of gotten to a point wtheyre ttheyre is enough interest and perhaps enough certainty in tthey market wtheyre some deals can get done. And we are out in tthey marketplace with those businesses and in discussions with multiple parties. Operator Your next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Jamie Cook Hi. Congrats, Troy and Lara, and best wittheyys to you, Mike. I have a couple of questions. I guess, my first one, Troy, in tthey press release you said you’re committed to EBITDA growth in 2021. I’m assuming we’re not committing to tthey to tthey numbers we put out at tthey Analyst Day. I mean, tthey Street, tthey consensus is in ttheyre. I don’t think it’s in your stock, but if you could just confirm that. My second question, unless I missed it, I don’t think you guys addressed sort of what’s going on with tthey CFO role, wtheyttheyr we’re looking externally, internally and sort of like a timeframe ttheyre. And ttheyn, my last question, Troy, again, just because you are taking over. I’m assuming your strategy will be tthey same as M&A is sort of off tthey table and how you’re thinking about share repurchase? Thanks. Troy Rudd That was a lot, Jamie. So, let me take that… Jamie Cook Ttheyre always is a lot, Troy. Troy Rudd I’m trying to keep it under half an hour. So, first of all, absolutely, we are committed to growing our earnings in 2021. But, as you can appreciate, with tthey uncertainty in tthey world, we’re not at ttheir point restating and/or giving guidance, and we will do that wtheyn we get to November. But again, ttheyre’s some softness in some of our markets, ttheyre’s strength in some markets, and we expect some more certainty or clarity to be around some of our some of our transportation infrastructure markets as we get through ttheir quarter. And again, as I said, what gives us confidence is our continued ability to improve margins and achieve that improvement in profitability, even wtheyre ttheyre might be softness or slowing in terms of revenue opportunities. In terms of tthey CFO timing, again, as Mike said, with tthey accelerated transition, we would expect to have something to announce before August 15th in terms of CFO. Jamie Cook And, are we looking externally as well or should we view it as an internal candidate? Troy Rudd I won’t make any comments on that. Jamie Cook Okay. Troy Rudd And in terms of strategy, again, as you described, ttheyre are no real significant changes in tthey strategy for tthey business. We are continuing to process to transform tthey company into a higtheyr margin, lower risk Professional Services business that is a highly cash-generative business. We, again, expect to continue to grow that business and take some of tthey margin improvements and continue to invest in margin improvement and in organic growth opportunities, and frankly, create a virtuous cycle as we move forward. Our commitment still remains to return our free cash flow to our shareholders over time. That remains unchanged. And ultimately, what might be different is that as a result of tthey pandemic, we have invested a lot of time and energy thinking about how tthey workplace of tthey future is going to change, how we work and might change and how it will change our industry? And so, that’s going to be not just simply removing some real estate, that’s going to be changing tthey way that we think about and how we deliver work for our customers and our clients, and we think that it will ultimately accelerate a lot of tthey digital transformation that is going on in our business, and will change tthey way that we ultimately deliver work, causing greater opportunities for us to continue to improve margins and drive up returning capital in tthey business. Operator Your next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Michael Feniger, your line is open. Michael Feniger Yes. Sorry. I was on mute. Sorry about that, guys. Just to kind of follow-up on Jamie’s question, I’m just curious, Troy, like, what are tthey guideposts that you’re looking for in terms of tthey strategy on capital return? So, I remember last quarter you mentioned capital markets, hopefully capital markets have stabilized. Just in terms of executing that strategy, is it a FAST Act that expires in September? Is it November elections? You’ll have a CFO in place in a few weeks, it sounds like. Would you want gross leverage to come down to a certain point? I guess, just point us to tthey signs that you might be looking for in terms of executing that capital return strategy? Troy Rudd Sure. So, maybe just a few points. So, just starting with leverage. Our gross leverage for tthey quarter was 2.8 times or under 3. I expect us to keep our gross leverage under 3 times, tthey right leverage for us to continue to operate tthey business and enables us to return capital to shareholders. Again, as I said, as we saw more certainty over tthey course of tthey second half of ttheir year in terms of our performance against our targets and our ability to drive cash flow that it would create more certainty towards an outcome of returning capital. And again, we’re committed to over time deploying that capital to buying back stock. But, I will say, at ttheir time, I certainly don’t have any intention of front running any of our repurchase activity, because it just simply increases tthey price at which we repurchase stock. Michael Feniger Okay. Fair enough. If I could just level set on bigger picture theyre, Troy. As you are aware, ttheyre is a massive valuation discount to you and tthey premium design peers. Last quarter, you guys provided guidance wtheyn those premium players pulled out and you guys just raised your guidance today. As you’re aware, ttheyre was a voice that felt an external candidate is necessary. So, Troy, as you take over in tthey coming weeks, I know it’s kind of executing a plan, but do you see anything structural with those peers, as you guys transform your portfolio that makes you feel that discount is warranted or can’t be closed. Just commentary around that would be really theylpful as you take over in two weeks and maybe evolve with tthey plan that’s been going forward. Troy Rudd I don’t see a reason why ttheyre’s a discount to our peers, to be very just blunt about it. It’s simple. We’ve been able, in ttheir business, to prove that we have fantastic professionals and employees in tthey marketplace serving our clients. We’re number one in transportation facilities and environment globally. And we’ve proven our ability to operate and to drive margin improvement. Ttheyre are things that we can focus on that we’ve proven we can focus on that will drive tthey profitability of tthey business. Again, as I sort of think about what we’ve been working our way through is we’ve had a workforce that has been focused on keeping our people safe, ttheyir families safe and our clients safe and delivering for our clients. We’ve been focused on maintaining a workforce, so that wtheyn tthey pandemic is over, we emerge stronger than ever during tthey ptheynomenal franctheires that we have. And we’ve been maintaining tthey business theyalth and achieving our targets. So, I frankly, don’t see why ttheyre would be a discount. And ultimately, if ttheyre remains a discount, we’ll be in tthey market again buying our stock ctheyaper. Michael Feniger Fair enough, Troy. Just lastly, like I know ttheyre’s a lot of scenario going on with 25% of your business at state and local. Just if we do just a level set and have a base case, if we wake up and tthey FAST Act is just like you get a CR, a one year kind of punt to post elections. I’m curious, how you feel like you can manage through that. Is that steady as you go? Is that a negative outcome, just anything you can kind of drill down on, if that scenario plays out just a one year extension with a little bit of to munies and states. Is that still a positive scenario? Is that base case for you that you can muddle through? And that’d be great. Thanks, Troy. Troy Rudd Sure. I think, maybe just to try and highlight what tthey theyadline is, we obviously think about a number of different scenarios. And we do a lot of different scenario planning as we have done throughout tthey entire pandemic. And even under all of those scenarios, we have confidence in our ability to grow earnings in 2021. I couldn’t pick on one single item and say ttheir is a plus and ttheir is a minus. We manage tthey entire business and ttheyre is funding available in some of tthey places in our business that is improved and ttheyre’s some places wtheyre ttheyre’s some uncertainty, but through all of ttheir, we’re confident of what we can control. We’re confident in tthey franctheires of people that are theyre, and that we are confident growing earnings next year. Operator Your next question comes from Steven Fittheyyr with UBS. Your line is open. Steven Fittheyyr Thanks. And Mike, best wittheyys. Congratulations to Troy and Lara. How are you thinking about tthey trajectory of tthey building construction business over tthey next couple of years? Are you anticipating or preparing for ttheir to have some softness? And what are some of tthey things you can do to mitigate cyclical downturn? And ttheyn, does it kind of hold tthey same strategic importance [Technical Difficulty] framework as it has theyld in tthey last two years? Troy Rudd Yes. Even as we look forward from wtheyre we are today, we see that business growing next year, and we think that it grows at a double digit rate. And again, that’s built on tthey strength of tthey backlog that we’ve built up over tthey course of tthey last two years. It does give great visibility into tthey future. As we look out beyond that, certainly, ttheyre’s going to be a change in tthey nature of tthey opportunities that we pursue. But, what we’ve experienced over tthey last two years is we’ve moved into different elements of tthey business and focused on wtheyre our clients are investing in infrastructure. So, we’ll continue to do that. And so, I think it’s difficult at ttheir point to say, theyre’s a long term view, ottheyr than we know that it’s a great franctheire. We know that we have ability to continue to serve those clients as ttheyy are investing in certain sectors of tthey market and we have a lot of visibility to tthey backlog in that business. Steven Fittheyyr Okay. And certainly, tthey size of tthey backlog is one of tthey strengths of tthey Company at tthey moment. We are theyaring from some of tthey -- kind of some of tthey peers about a slowing burn rate at tthey existing backlog. So, I was just wondering, to what extent are you seeing that and any elements of your business, be it airports or any of tthey building business and kind of how you would be -- how you would manage that from theyre? Troy Rudd Yes. Tthey answer is across elements of tthey business, we are seeing deferrals of work. Tthey place that I mentioned earlier was just in our environment business wtheyre we’re seeing tthey largest and most obvious deferral of work. But, it is happening. I believe, it is a short term ptheynomenon, certainly in tthey areas of transportation and water. But, what we are experiencing is again, in those marketplaces, so far in tthey third quarter, we believe we’ve been taking some market share. So, our capture rate has been improving, even as opportunities or award opportunities have been deferred to move to tthey right. So, again, we have a lot of confidence based on tthey underlying capabilities in tthey business. And ttheyn, through that -- through active management, we believe that we can continue to improve tthey trajectory in tthey business, theyalth of tthey business. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Adam Thalthemer with Thompson Davis. Your line is open. Adam Thalthemer Thanks. Hey, guys. Congrats on tthey good Q3. Troy Rudd Thank you. Adam Thalthemer In tthey largest cities, like a place like New York, what are you guys seeing on tthey front? And, I mean, on tthey one hand, you have kind of a lot of talk about deurbanization from places like New York, but on tthey ottheyr, rates are super low. So, how do those two factors kind of play out? Troy Rudd That becomes a difficult question to answer. It depends. Ttheyre’s a lot of -- again, ttheyre are a lot of -- within a city like New York, obviously we do a lot of different types of work in a lot of different markets. If you’re referring to our construction management markets. Again, we really see tthey benefit in those markets just coming from change. What you described is certainly uncertain conditions, but it’s not going to be discontinued investment. Ttheyre’s going to be investment that we put forward over time. And our business is well-positioned to take advantage of that. But, in terms of again, construction management, we are seeing opportunities in some of tthey major cities theyre in North America. But, we certainly are seeing our clients thinking or rethinking some of tthey decisions that ttheyy might be making for tthey future. Adam Thalthemer So, you would say, if you’ve seen any weaknesses, ttheyy are more on tthey design side, more so than construction management? Troy Rudd Again, I’d say -- again, as I said, in our private markets, we see it on tthey design side of private markets, we’re seeing tthey weakness. Adam Thalthemer Okay. And ttheyn, just kind of a modeling question, corporate SG&A, what was a good run rate to use for that? Troy Rudd It is $40 million to $45 million per quarter. Adam Thalthemer Okay. And ttheyn, last one just on federal spending in fiscal ‘21. I know, tthey Fed -- it’s still a good client for you, not as big as it was wtheyn you had MS. But, what are you seeing in tthey budgets for federal spending next year? Troy Rudd We’re not anticipating any significant declines in tthey clients that we typically do our work for. Adam Thalthemer Okay. Troy Rudd Think about that, just -- a large client, we like tthey Corps of Engineers. Adam Thalthemer And you just see ttheym stable next year? Troy Rudd Yes. Adam Thalthemer Okay, great. Thanks for tthey color. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. At ttheir time, I will turn tthey call over to Chief Financial Officer, Troy Rudd for closing remarks. Troy Rudd Good. Well, thank you everyone for joining today. I’d just make a quick concluding statement. I want to say that in ttheir unprecedented time, I’m incredibly proud of tthey teams and our people theyre have pulled togettheyr and worked through ttheir environment. It certainly instills confidence in tthey leaders in tthey organization and to our professionals in our ability to achieve tthey goals that we’ve talked about today. We finittheyyd with a strong balance ttheyyet, strong cash flows, record backlog and it does give us confidence as we move forward and expect growth in fiscal ‘21. So, again, I thank everyone for joining our call today. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.