AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 8, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Troy Rudd – Chief Executive Officer Lara Poloni – President Will Gabrielski – Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations Gaur Kapoor – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Feniger – Bank of America  Andy Kaplowitz – Citigroup Sean Eastman – KeyBanc Steven Fittheyyr – UBS  Michael Dudas – Vertical Research Partners Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse Adam Salama – Thompson Davis Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey AECOM First Quarter 2022 Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants, ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is tthey copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors section at www.aecom.com. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Will Gabrielski Thank you, Operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey safe harbor statement on Page One of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update our Forward-looking statements. We use certain non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations are incorporated into our presentation wtheyre available, which is posted to our website. References to margins and adjusted operating margins reflect tthey performance for tthey Americas and International segments. We will refer to Net Service Revenue or NSR, which is defined as revenue excluding pass-through revenue.  As a reminder we closed on tthey sale of tthey power and civil construction businesses in October of 2020 and January 2021 respectively. And tthey sale of tthey oil and gas maintenance and turnaround services business in January 2022. Tthey financial results of ttheyse businesses are classified as discontinued operations in our financial statements. Tthey results from discontinued operations include tthey oil and gas sale and adjustments closing working capital estimates for previously completed transactions.  Today's comments will focus on tthey continuing operations of tthey Professional Services business, unless ottheyrwise noted. On today's call, Troy Rudd, our Chief Executive Officer will begin with a review of our key accomplishments, strategy, and long-term growth expectations. Lara Poloni, our President will discuss key operational priorities, and Gaur Kapoor, our Chief Financial Officer will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. We will conclude with a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Troy. Troy? Troy Rudd Thank you, Will. And thank you all for joining us today. We are incredibly pleased with our first quarter performance and momentum is building across our business and our markets. I would like to begin today's call by thanking our professionals around tthey world who are working collaboratively to deliver outstanding results for our clients. Our success is a result of tthey passion and dedication that our teams bring to ttheyir work for clients every day.  Ttheir excellence was highlighted last week wtheyn Fortune reaffirmed our number one industry ranking on its World's Most Admired Companies list. Tthey elements for uninterrupted multirate infrastructure in ESG investment growth are well-establittheyyd. Ttheyse include tthey $1.2 trillion by parts and infrastructure law in tthey U.S. and tthey global commitments by our clients to deliver on increasingly well-defined ESG objectives.  A global infrastructure Investment renaissance is beginning, and our strategy, focused on our teams, clients, communities, and innovation, has us better positioned than ever to win. Through our expanded services, including advisory and program management, a greater share of a growing market is now addressable by AECOM. And we are working to shape tthey priorities of our clients and deliver value for our stakeholders.  Turning to our first quarter's results, we exceeded our expectations on every key financial metric. NSR increased by 5% with strong growth in both our Americas and International segments. Importantly, we are winning work at tthey higtheyst rate in tthey theirtory of our company. Wins totaled $3.6 billion with a 1.4 book-to-burn ratio in our Americas design business and a 1.2 book-to-burn ratio across our global design business.  Our strong book-to-burn is worth emphasizing given our four quarters of consistent organic NSR growth. We also had key wins in our construction and management business and our pipeline has never been stronger. Tthey segment adjusted operating margin increased by 60 basis points to 13.7%, reflecting continued investments in organic growth innovation. Tthey benefits of our highly efficient global delivery capabilities, and tthey high-value our teams are delivering for our clients. Our margins lead our peers, but plenty of opportunity for improvement remains.  Our focus on deploying innovation and digital tools to transform how we deliver for clients against a backdrop of increasing demand for advisory and program management services supports our guidance for ttheir year and our 17% longer-term margin target. Adjusted EBITDA increased by 10% and adjusted EPS increased by 44%. Our EPS is benefiting from tthey execution of our focused strategy, strong operational performance, and accelerating organic growth; as well as from share repurchases. Including $213 million dollars of stock repurchases in tthey first quarter, we have now repurchased $1.2 billion dollars of stock since September 2020 wtheyn we launctheyd our repurchase program; or 14% of our outstanding shares. Capital allocation benefit to shareholders is driven by our strong conversion of earnings to cash flow. In fact, cash flow in tthey quarter was one of tthey higtheyst in our company's theirtory for a first quarter. Tthey attributes of our business included a high return and lowest profile, and a capitalized business model with a highly variable cost structure underpins our expectations to consistently deliver strong cash flow and to deliver on our capital allocation priorities. Reflecting ttheir confidence, we initiated a quarterly dividend program in December, and our first dividend payment occurred in January. It is our intention to increase our per share dividend by a double-digit percentage annually.  Ttheir marks a milestone for our company's theirtory and demonstrates our steadfast commitment to use capital allocation tools to maximize total shareholder return. We'll turn to tthey next slide for discussion of tthey trends across our markets. Beginning in tthey U.S., our largest market, conditions are strong. Our federal, state, and local clients are gearing up for several years of sustained increases in infrastructure investment, which includes tthey expected benefits of tthey $1.2 trillion bipartisan infrastructure law.  Ttheir represents a generational investment in U.S. infrastructure and rise at an operating time. Typically, Federal support for infrastructure has been endorsed and correlated to state and local fiscal theyalth. However, our state and local clients, which account for only 25% of our NSR, are reporting record revenues and budget surpluses, which is resulting in a very favorable backdrop. In addition, our public and private sector clients are increasingly prioritizing investments to advance ESG.  Today, nearly every project proposal has an element of ESG in its scope and our clients are demanding more holistic thinking and a broader advisory relationship to theylp ttheym achieve that multi-decade ambition. Our momentum and tthey expansion of our addressable markets are apparent in our pipeline growth, which is up by double-digits. Ttheir is noteworthy wtheyn you consider how strong wins and backlog growth were ttheir quarter.  Tthey pipeline growth we are seeing is especially encouraging considering tthey benefits of tthey Bipartisan Infrastructure Law aren't likely to be material until our fiscal 2023. International markets are experiencing a very similar positive trajectory. ESG is fronting center on our clients agendas, and you're seeing strong demand for advisory services and technical expertise.  Our pipeline increased by high single-digit percentage, and our backlog increased in each of our largest international markets, highlighted by key transportation and infrastructure frameworks in tthey UK, expanded program management roles in tthey Middle East, and high win rates for key clients in tthey Asia-Pacific region. Looking atheyad, tthey strong foundation we have built and favorable end-market trends have positioned us well for sustained multiyear growth. We've spent tthey last two years narrowing our focus on our higtheyr margin, lower-risk professional services business and implementing our Think and Act Globally strategy. Tthey strategy is built on our leading technical capabilities, global expertise and on bringing new ways of solving our clients biggest and most complex challenges with innovative digital solutions. We continue to advance our digital AECOM strategy and with our success, we are accelerating our investments in ttheir area. Over tthey course of tthey year, as tthey solutions establish our market position, we will announce ttheyir launch similar to PlanEngage, which we announced last quarter. PlanEngage, our digital platform that reinvents tthey public engagement process for infrastructure project is quickly being introduced as a platform for community engagement across our global client base. As funding from tthey Bipartisan Infrastructure Act in tthey U.S. is connected with ttheyse projects later in 2023, our PlanEngage tool will become even more valuable.  Across our business, one ttheyme is constant. Our investments will expand our advantage as demand grows and labor constraints challenge tthey industry. We are consistently winning our largest and higtheyst priority pursuits, with our win rate at all-time high levels. For example, our leadership team identified ten global pursuits that we deemed to be a top priority for strategic positioning and for delivering on our accelerating growth expectations. I'm very pleased to report, that we've already won [Indiscernible] and projects and two are still pending decisions. In addition, we've had several ottheyr key wins over tthey past few quarters, including a nine-figure takeaway from a key competitor in an international market. A nine-figure takeaway from a key incumbent on a high daily value U.S. federal environment program, and we have been selected for numerous ottheyr key pursuits that underpin our confidence. I can't say enough about how our culture of winning and excellence has expanded and what it means for our future. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Lara. Lara Poloni Thanks, Troy. Please turn to tthey next slide. I couldn't be more pleased with what we have accomplittheyyd to-date and how well positioned we are for tthey future. Against tthey backdrop of strong clients in mind, and with our foundation for success now in place, we are taking actions to fully capitalize on tthey opportunities atheyad. First, we are fostering a culture that celebrates winning. Ttheir includes prioritizing our time and investments on tthey best scores opportunities and higtheyst value pursuits. As latest in areas including electrification, transit systems, environmental assessment or mediation, water infrastructure, resilience, climate change, and new energy, we are poised to benefit from our exposure to rapidly growing market. Ttheir is giving us tthey opportunity to also be selective and disciplined about tthey types of opportunities on which we invest time and capital with a focus on profitable growth and strong returns on capital. Second, we are continuing to invest in program management and advisory capabilities. Through ttheyse capabilities, we are expanding our addressable market opportunity by adding services that lead to earlier engagement with clients. We have onboarded key talent to support several large wins over tthey past year, including tthey NEON and Al-'Ula programs in Saudi Arabia. Looking atheyad as tthey scope and complexity of infrastructure and ESG initiatives expand, high-value program management and advisory will take an even more central role in theylping our clients and will distinguish a AECOM in tthey market. Third, we are investing in digital AECOM to develop and deliver products that extend tthey capabilities of our change and transform how we engage with clients. Our PlanEngage tool and commercialization of [Indiscernible] a proprietary solution for tthey destruction of Payfacs compound, a great example. In addition, we are advancing tthey development of key digital solutions in tthey Transportation and Facilities market that will also leading Parametric and introduce design tools. Finally, and most importantly, we are investing in and building teams to deliver in a growing market, which will be increasingly important going forward. We are focused on ensuring AECOM is tthey best place in our industry to build a career. At ttheir point, I am pleased to report that tthey result of our recent employee survey reflects our continued high levels of employee engagement. Most notably, ttheir included furttheyr increases in tthey percentage of employees that would recommend AECOM as a great place to work. Ttheyre is no high acknowledgment of our commitment to building a great culture than ttheir measure. And ttheir gives us confidence that we will remain an advantage as tthey overall labor market timing. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Gaurav to discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. Gaur Kapoor  Thanks, Lara. Please turn to tthey next slide. We exceeded our expectations on every key financial metric in tthey first quarter. We delivered anottheyr quarter of positive organic NSR growth, a record first-quarter margin, double-digit adjusted EBITDA, and EPS growth and one of tthey higtheyst first quarter free cash flows in our company's theirtory. Tax will be fore spend benefit to EPS compared to our plan due to tthey timing and quantum of discrete items. We also delivered on our capital allocation commitments, including ongoing investments in our teams and digital AECOM, more than 200 million of share repurchases and tthey initiation of a quarterly dividend program. Tthey dividend is a compliment to our share repurchases. We have a strong balance ttheyyet and highly predictable cash flow which allows for investments in tthey business, as well as consistently returning all available free cash flow to our shareholders. Importantly, we are winning work at a high rate. Our pipeline across tthey business is up double-digits and we have not yet begun to see material benefit from tthey B ipartisan Infrastructure Law. Please turn to tthey next slide. In tthey Americas, NSR increased by 3%, highlighted by growth in both tthey design and construction management businesses. Our book-to-burn in tthey Americas design business was 1.4 and total backlog in design business increased by 5%, which continues to include a near record level of contracted backlog, which provides tthey strongest revenue visibility. In addition, we are benefiting from strengttheyned conditions in our construction management business and believe backlog will increase over tthey course of tthey next year. First quarter adjusted operating margin was 17.7%, a 30 basis point increase from tthey prior year. Ttheir result reflects both ongoing investments we are making to support growth and ongoing benefits from tthey actions taken to operate a more streamlined organization that delivers more efficiently. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to tthey International segment, NSR increased by 7% with growth across all of our largest regions. Our wins were strong and backlog increased by 6%. We continue to gain share in tthey UK public sector, our building, our gains in tthey Middle East, and have been successful on a number of key pursuits in Hong Kong and Australia. Our adjusted operating margin in tthey first quarter was 8.2%, a 110 basis point improvement from tthey prior year. We are realizing tthey benefits of tthey actions we have taken to eliminate inefficiencies, regain market share, and better steel our cost structure, including increasing utilization of our global shared service centers. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to cash flow liquidity and capital allocation. First quarter operating cash flow was $195 million, and free cash flow was $163 million. Ttheir was better than we expected and is consistent with our focus on delivering more consistent phasing throughout tthey year. Ttheir improves our return on capital and allowed us to execute substantial repurchases earlier in tthey year as a result. As Troy noted, our capital allocation policy is focused on returning substantially all free cash flow to investors in order to maximize total shareholder return and returns on capital. Ttheir included tthey milestone announcement we made during tthey first quarter of tthey initiation of a quarterly dividend program and our intent to grow our per-share dividend at a double-digit annual percentage. Our first quarter new dividend payment was made on January 21st. Tthey dividend is a testament to tthey steps we have taken over tthey past two years to reduce our financial and operational leverage which has contributed to consistently strong earnings and cash flow. As we look atheyad, we continue to expect to convert our earnings to cash flow at a high rate, and we continue to expect free cash flow of between $450 million and $650 million in fiscal 2022. As a reminder, our cash flow is typically weighted more strongly to tthey second half of tthey fiscal year, though, we expect our first half cash flow to improve from tthey prior year. Please turn to tthey next slide. We are increasing our fiscal 2022 adjusted EPS guidance to between $3.30 and $3.50, which would reflect 21% growth at tthey midpoint. Ttheir increase reflects operational out performance we delivered in tthey first quarter, tthey benefits of our share repurchases completed in tthey first quarter and a lower than planned tax rate. As a reminder, our adjusted EPS guidance only incorporates tthey benefit of already executed share repurchases. But we expect to continue to buy back stock, as part of our capital allocation program. We also continue to expect to deliver adjusted EBITDA of between $880 million and $920 million, which would reflect 8% growth at tthey midpoint of tthey range. Based on our strong start to tthey year, we are also reaffirming our expectation for organic NSR growth of 6%, a segment adjusted operating margin of 14.1%, and our long-term 2024 financial targets including adjusted EPS of greater than $4.75 and approximately $700 million in free cash flow. We expect our full-year tax rate to be 25%, which incorporates tthey impact of our first-quarter tax rate and tthey expectations for approximately 28% for tthey rest of tthey year. Longer-term, we expect our tax rate to be in tthey mid-20s. With that, Operator, we are ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from tthey line of Michael Feniger from Bank of America. Michael, your line is open. Michael Feniger Hey, everyone. Thank you for taking my questions. I just wanted to start off with tthey question on inflation. You guys are able to get your margins up in tthey first quarter, a good start to tthey year. I guess, wtheyre are you seeing inflationary pressure in tthey business, and maybe just how ttheir industry built to handle inflation? Is it a contract structure that theylps, and I guess, how would AECOM better able to handle an inflationary backdrop relative to peers? Troy Rudd Michael, Troy. Good morning. Thanks for your questions. With respect to inflation, if you go back and you look at tthey theirtory of our industry, and certainly we've had some periods, we have -- don't have inflation like we do today, but we have had grids inflation. And typically that costs has been passed along to our customers. And so, I think wtheyn you look at an industry like ours, and in particular our business, a consulting business predominantly, that those costs continue to get passed along to our customers.  And what you pointed out in your question was is it is already part of our existing contract structures. We have wage escalations in using our longer-term contracts. And ttheyn as we continue to bid, we put togettheyr our bid costs and that will include tthey increased costs of eittheyr paying our professionals, all tthey ottheyr costs [Indiscernible] to turn things. But I'll take you back to one really important point is, ttheyre a lot of long-term costs in our business that are typically fixed. So our labor is certainly a flexible cost and we certainly see an increased cost of paying our professionals. But ttheyre are number of costs like real estate and ottheyr items that are fixed costs in our business. And so we don't experience at least inflation today. And ottheyr proof point in terms of our ability to pass along those costs to our customers is tthey fact that, you pointed our margins continues to increase. And, in fact, increased at a time wtheyre we're investing in growing tthey business and growing our backlog, and investing in our people, and investing in our digital profile while we continue to improve margins. So, again, inflation, for tthey most part is not an impact on our business. Michael Feniger Great, Troy, and it's interesting to see you guys repurchased shares in tthey same quarter of tthey dividend initiation. Good to see that. Now, you are seeing some of your peers are being much more aggressive in M&A. Some we've been looking at software assets. I'm just curious how does AECOM view tthey M&A landscape and if ttheyre's any change in terms of how you guys are going about your capital allocation structure. Troy Rudd Yes. So first of all, ttheyre's no change in how we're going about our capital allocation structure. I think we are perhaps a little bit different than a lot of people in our industry that we believe that we're able to do invest in business through our margins. And we also believe that, we have an obligation to return capital to our shareholders over tthey long term. And in terms of paying a dividend, we -- again, think that's in tthey strong signal that we have in fact transformed tthey business to a lower risk, higtheyr returning business with a track record of converting earnings to cash, and with our EPS growth, it gives us even more confidence to increase tthey permanent return of capital to our shareholders. So again I -- no change in how we're thinking about capital allocation. And we think we have ample capital to deploy to increase tthey value of tthey business and to grow tthey business. Michael Feniger Great. I'm just going to sneak one more in ttheyre on tthey CER. Troy Rudd Sure. Michael Feniger Are you seeing any disruption on your business with tthey CR that impact your view of infrastructure hitting 2023? You still had good organic growth even with tthey CR right now. But how should we -- how do you see tthey CR kind of playing out in tthey next few days? And is ttheyre any impact that would happen in 2023? Thanks. Troy Rudd Well, that's a good question. First of all, I'm not in tthey business of predicting what tthey federal government is going to do. So I'll decline to answer that question; but ttheyre is a decision to be made in tthey next few weeks about wtheyttheyr tthey federal government will continue to operate with ttheyir continued resolution or, in fact, ttheyy'll put it in a budget in place, which if a budget's in place ttheyn it creates tthey appropriations for funding under tthey Infrastructure Bill. But, again, we view that that is going to happen.  Ttheyre's a lot of Bipartisan support for infrastructure. Again, we see tthey funding eventually coming in place and we believe that it's probably an impact on our business in 2023, but putting that all aside -- putting that aside, again, we've seen our business grow, more importantly in America as we started book-to-burn grow at 1.4 times; and I think that's just an indication of tthey funding that exists broadly across our customer base in U.S. So, again, I think about that tthey continuing resolution and tthey Infrastructure bill being upside for our business in tthey long term. Operator Our next question today comes from tthey line of Andy Kaplowitz from Citi. Andy, your line is open. Andy Kaplowitz Good morning, everyone. Troy Rudd Good morning, Andy. Andy Kaplowitz Full year 0.2% adjusted operating margin and International I think was tthey higtheyst quarterly result we've seen from that segment. We know tthey result is just part of tthey progression to get to 10%. But International margin I think was stuck in tthey low to mid 7% range for all of '2021. So did mix improvement in tthey first quarter is just really just tthey shared service centers kicking in now? And does it mean that a sales continued increase theyre, we should see a comp progressive aids for tthey rest of '2022? Troy Rudd Yes. Andy, thanks for tthey question. And I'm going to pass it off to Gaur to answer it. Gaur Kapoor  Hey, Andy, thanks for tthey question. Our International margins to your portion, increased significantly year-over-year and very consistent with our expectations. As you probably recall, we've invested quite theyavily to uplift those margins in tthey marketplace and operational efficiencies, which we're starting to see come through at a higtheyr clip now. We're going to continue to march towards double-digits, it's not just 10%. Our longer-term aspirations overall for tthey enterprise to remind everybody 17% in International is going to be a large part of it. Now, specific to 2022 and progression of tthey margins for International, we will see consistent margin for tthey international business like we did last year. We're not incurring significant restructuring charges, our results are very clean. And ttheyrefore, tthey phasing is very consistent throughout tthey year. Andy Kaplowitz Thanks for that, Gaurav. And ttheyn maybe I could ask you about phasing of revenue. So you did 5% NSR in Q1, you're guiding to 6% for tthey year. We know you've said tthey Infrastructure bill really kicks in more in '23, but do you continue to see like a slow and steady ramp up from theyre, normal season, seasonal cadence? Should we be concerned at all about disruption from Omicron on your supply chain? Or is it steady as ttheyy go and ttheyn maybe we see some money from tthey infrastructure build late in '2022? Troy Rudd So, Andy, Troy again, look, I think we're going to just see a steady improvement in growth throughout tthey year. Ttheyre's certainly some seasonality to it but also, again, we could see in certain markets tthey funding from our clients and tthey project ramp up incurring overtime. So, again, I don't see anything but sort of continued slow, steady growth. You're right to point out that COVID did impact everyone's business and we were certainly not immune from that.  We certainly felt tthey impact of that in December and through January. But putting that aside, we still grew tthey business in tthey first quarter 5%, ttheyn our backlog grew fairly, substantially replacing those orders and adding towards significantly. So I -- again, I see nothing that will hold us back through just a continued steady improvement growth over tthey remainder of tthey year. Andy Kaplowitz Appreciate it, guys. Troy Rudd Thanks, Andy. Operator Our next question comes from Sean Eastman from KeyBanc Capital Markets, showing tthey floor is yours. Sean Eastman Good morning, team. I'm just trying to think about tthey risks to ttheir anticipated top-line growth acceleration, and of course, tthey war for talent tends to be front of mind ttheyre. So can you update us on tthey pace of hiring and perhaps what AECOM has been working on in terms of productivity enhancements and leveraging in our employee base? Troy Rudd Sure. So first of all, I think ttheyre's two things that go into revenue growth. First of all is winning, and you've got to win what matters, and I think we were clear in our prepared comments that we really feel comfortable based on what our people and tthey mark our professionals are doing in tthey marketplace and certainly we're winning tthey things that matter to us. So that's, again, think about it, tick back box off.  Secondly, you point out talent. You have to have a great group of professionals to deliver on network, and it certainly is a market that is challenging; but we did see an increase in our professional theyadcounts, during tthey quarter, so we continue to add people to grow tthey business. But also we are making ottheyr investments, again, those investments are in our people and in building a business that more people want to work.  We talked about it as building tthey place for people want to have a career. We are absolutely focused on that and investing in our people, invest in ttheyir technical or leadership development and offering opportunities for tthey long-term. We're also investing in digital tools, which is part of that investment is extending tthey capability or tthey capacity of our people. So ttheyy're able to actually accomplish more in tthey same day than ttheyy would have been in tthey past.  And that's tthey focus. And ttheyn tthey third thing is we've been investing in building capability centers so that we have tthey opportunity to take work and to put it in amongst ttheyse groups. So ultimately we can improve tthey efficiency or productivity on network. So really to address that second challenge, which is, are ttheyre enough talented people in tthey marketplace to deliver all ttheir work? We're addressing in those three ways. Sean Eastman That's interesting. And going back to tthey inflation discussion, it's clear that tthey price cost element is not really a concern, it's probably more how inflation ultimately impacts demand. And I'm just curious how you would characterize tthey sensitivity of tthey core growth drivers behind that 6% organic target over tthey next couple years, around tthey broader macro and to tthey extent inflation does degrade tthey business cycle. How much risk ttheyre would be to that 6% that you've outlined? Troy Rudd Sure. Well, I guess, maybe tthey easiest way to answer that is that we're seeing an improvement in our pipeline. So tthey opportunities that we're pursuing in tthey Americas business and tthey international business, as you said are both increasing. And if I sort of look at tthey underlying conditions, we certainly see within our customer base, ttheyre is a significant amount of ambition to undertake infrastructure projects and a lot of that is ESG driven.  But also ttheyre's a tremendous amount of funding that has been made available. And typically wtheyn that funding is becoming available, it isn't that sensitive to tthey increase of in costs that we're currently seeing now. So again, we're just not seeing as a result of inflation, a change in tthey ambition and tthey change in tthey funds within our customer base. Sean Eastman Understood. Thanks for tthey insights. Troy Rudd Thanks, Sean. Operator Our next question today comes from Steven Fittheyyr from UBS. Steven, please proceed with your question. Steven Fittheyyr Shifting back, your win rate is very high. Could you maybe quantify what that was and how sustainable you think tthey underlying conditions are that support that level of great success? Troy Rudd So, Steve, your question is a little difficult to understand, but I believe you were asking about our win rate and wtheyttheyr our win rate is sustainable. So sorry, Steve. You were breaking out. But I'll try and answer that one question which is our win rate has been improving steadily over tthey last four or five quarters. And ttheir last quarter, again, it's for us to hit an all-time high and we're capturing almost 50% of tthey work that we're bidding on, which for us, it's an extraordinary results.  And I look at tthey underlying competent -- tthey underlying conditions. So ttheyre's great competitors in tthey marketplace. Ttheyre's no question. Ttheyre are really good companies that we compete against. That's not changing. And in terms of what we're doing to win, those things that we're doing to win are changing and those things that we're doing are -- we're bringing tthey best to our organization, globally, to those clients that matter.  We are investing in digital tools to win tthey work and differentiate ourselves and we've been growing and investing, building an advisory and program management business, so it actually actually gives us an opportunity to bid on more than we typically have in tthey past. And, again, I don't see us changing what we're doing because it's working and I don't see tthey competition changing. Also, at tthey long-winded way of saying, I don't see a change in tthey underlying conditions. I expect us to have a high win rate for tthey long term. Operator Our next question today comes from Michael Dudas, from Vertical Research. Michael, please go atheyad. Michael Dudas Good morning, gentlemen, Lara. Troy Rudd Good morning, Mike. Lara Poloni Good morning. Michael Dudas Just a follow-up on your answer to Steve's question about your project management advisory business. So in treat down tthey chart in tthey presentation of tthey opportunities that you see for that business. How different is that -- ttheir to grow, wtheyttheyr you're growing ottheyr tthey traditional core design engineering services business relative to what you have. If you have tthey talent promoted within to that or is it tthey excellent three and tthey experts from ottheyr companies to get to that point?  And is ttheyre a difference in tthey type of cost or I'm assuming ttheyre's a difference in tthey margin profile over tthey lifetime of tthey project on tthey project management if you have all tthey design and engineering below it or separate from that. Could you just elaborate on that? And looking at that market size, how much that could be important to your margin improvement in tthey U.S. and abroad as well? Troy Rudd Sure. Again, Mike, thanks for your question. So we see our opportunities over tthey long term expanding as our clients, again, gain more funding. So, again, we see tthey market -- tthey size of tthey market increasing; but as we've added advisory and program management and building those businesses, what ttheyy do is ttheyy allow us to have a much greater share of that growing market, so we're now exposed to more of that addressable spend. In tthey past, we were focused on a designed business and now adding program management advisory, we believe that we're exposed to a multiple of what we were exposed to in tthey past so that could be two or three times what we're exposed to in terms of those project budgets. Tthey ottheyr thing it does by our advisory program management, it means that we actually will participate in those projects sooner or earlier in tthey process and it means that we have tthey opportunity to be -- to participate in those projects for obviously a longer period of time. So, again, that's why we thought it was important to build those businesses because it obviously is complementary to what our design business does and tthey skills of our designers, and our design business work perfectly. Ttheyy match perfectly with an advising program management business. So your second question was, are we hiring or are we building from within? And tthey answer is, we're doing both. We're actually adding, adding folks [Indiscernible] from outside and we're also ttheyn having our people who have those great skills already from tthey design business participating network. And we expect tthey margins. I'll turn it over to Gaurav to answer. Gaur Kapoor  Yeah, Michael. For margins specific to our PM business, it's very consistent with our core design business. Tthey reason for that is, wtheyn you look at tthey overtheyads that business need, it's minimal. Tthey utilization is much higtheyr, ttheyy're longer-term projects, tthey utilization is high -- much higtheyr compared to tthey core designed business. And ottheyr overtheyad costs are minimal as most of those employees are within tthey facilities of our clients. Now clearly, our advisory services is a higtheyr-value services we provide better margins. And those are all embedded within our respective business lines and geographies. So it's part of tthey design business. Michael Dudas Thank you. And is ttheyre certain end markets or clients who, regionally, that your program management platform can generate better, faster, more profitable growth than ottheyrs? Troy Rudd Again, Mike, I'm going to turn that question over to Lara to give you a flavor of how tthey program management business rolls out across tthey globe for us. Lara Poloni Thanks, Troy, and good morning, Mike. We definitely see substantial opportunities in tthey infrastructure by for government clients in particular. Ttheyre's obviously a lot of pent-up demand for major infrastructure gains around tthey world, beyond tthey Americas as well. But those clients are looking for those front-end advisory services to theylp ttheym with rapid business case, project prioritization, and ttheyn tthey longer term involvement that we can provide through full project last cycle, program management will assist with ensuring that those projects are delivered with cost and time. Certainty that we can get ttheyre earlier engagement with some of tthey contractor to provide constructability reviews. As Troy said, we are providing front-end advisory services and really extending our involvement so that support is much earlier, but it extends much longer through tthey program management role in particular, but it's predominantly those big construction sctheymes or we say, tremendous demand in particular. But even in tthey private sector ttheyre are clients, for example, that need our assistance, that are approaching us every day with even just some of tthey front-end services like ESG advisory. How do ttheyy -- how do ttheyy gear up for that, how do ttheyy manage ttheyir energy transition, all those things. So it's a very futile ground for us to grow that business offering. Michael Dudas Excellent. Thank you so much guys. Lara Poloni Sure. Operator Our next question today comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Jamie, your line is open. Jamie Cook Hey, good morning, nice quarter. I guess just two questions. Tthey free cash flow conversion strengttheyning in tthey quarter, obviously it was a record of free cash flow quarter for you guys; but can you talk about what changed ttheyre? Is ttheyre any pull forward or is ttheir just a structural improvement and why isn't ttheyre upside to tthey free cash flow guide given wtheyre we are in tthey first quarter? And ttheyn, I guess, by second quarter to tthey margins are performing better wtheyn a lot of ottheyr companies are talking about theyadwinds associated with COVID, supply chain, people calling in sick because of Omicron. So, I guess, while your margins are very good, I'm wondering if ttheyy're being weigtheyd down by that to some degree that perhaps your underlying performance is better or we're closer to wtheyre we need to be on your longer-term targets. Thanks, Troy Rudd Jamie, thank you. So I -- just a high-level comments and ttheyn I'm going to turn it over to Gar to answers to your questions. But I think over tthey last two years, tthey one thing that we have learned is learned that we have to be agile. Meaning, as we move from week-to-week, month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter we'll face with all kinds of challenges in tthey business, and I think our professionals and our leaders theyre have proven ttheyy're, just have ttheyir way to -- ttheyy've proven that ttheyy can navigate through those changing and sometimes difficult environments. And I think that's reflective in our results. But with respect to your specific question on free cash flow margin, I'll let some -- let Gar answer for you. Gaur Kapoor  Hey, Jamie. So specific to cash flow, you've theyard me say ttheir before, we're fostering environment which focuses on continuous improvement and that includes cash. Focus on cash, as we've said before, better phasing throughout tthey year, that's always a priority for us and you saw that in tthey first quarter. Our focus for remainder of tthey year is to make sure that tthey first half cash flow phasing is better than last year, while also acknowledging that seasonality comes into play. And that's why our cash flow's always going to be weighted more towards tthey second half  But ttheir is -- we're always going to strive to get tthey best result of cash, because you can see what it delivers in terms of capital allocation. It allows us to repurchase stock, it allows us to stability to initiate and issue dividends and we'll continue to do that. On tthey margin part, it's also part of our continuous improvement culture. But at tthey same time, technology into Troy’s earlier comments of how our operationals -- professionals operate over tthey last couple of years. Ttheyy are not being reactive, right. Ttheyy are really being thoughtful in how ttheyy plan and execute projects that businesses -- regions and business lines. And that includes us investing strategically in our advisory and PM businesses, which are higtheyr up for tthey value chain. To tthey earlier question we got from Michael Dudas. It also includes investing in digital and innovative solutions, which expand our internal capacity for tthey efficiency of our employees. And also in tthey marketplace that Troy and Lara has spoken to tthey various digital tools we have available, focusing on an international margins or workplace of tthey future, which we have talked about that includes continued focus on real estate, and also utilizing our global design services and business services capability that we have talked quite a bit in tthey past as well. So all of those things have theylped us strategically alleviate potential inflation pressures that are coming through because we will continue to invest in our workforce. And you're seeing tthey results of that in our margins wtheyre we continue to expand year-over-year. And tthey last thing I'll add to all of that is our results are clean. Wtheyn you look at our GAAP results to adjusted results, we're not going through massive restructuring. Ttheir business all very bold thoughts strategic initiatives put in place to deliver tthey results you're seeing. Jamie Cook Okay. Thank you. Troy Rudd Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Adam Salama from Thompson Davis. Adam, please go atheyad. Adam Salama Hey, good morning, guys. Congrats on tthey good start to tthey year. I wanted to ask just in general, how are your customers responding to higtheyr materials prices? Troy Rudd Again, I think tthey best example of how ttheyy're responding is ttheyy're continuing to let out more work than ttheyy have in tthey past. Again, just at a macro level, we look at tthey funding environment is strong and improving and will improve over tthey long term. And our customers again have ambitions to take on more infrastructure projects and more work, and we're seeing our pipeline growth. So I said a macro level, we're just -- we're not seeing a dramatic impact from inflation on our customer base at tthey moment. Adam Salama Great. And ttheyn I wanted to ask quickly about your construction management business; what are you seeing in your core metros ttheyre? Troy Rudd So we're actually seeing opportunities to grow. Tthey pipeline in our construction management business, which is typically driven around core metros, has actually been growing. And, again, tthey work that we win in that business is lumpy from quarter-to-quarter but in terms of what we're pursuing, tthey opportunities have expanded; and one of tthey things that we're doing is we are being quite thoughtful and selective in how we're moving forward. One of tthey things that happens in a marketplace like we're seeing now wtheyre tthey opportunities are expanding. And sometimes you have tthey appetite to maybe take on things very aggressively. And we're just really managing what we're pursuing and how we're going to grow that business. But for tthey time being, we've got $20 billion of backlog and a lot of that has been won over tthey course of tthey last two years, and ttheyy're great projects. Some of ttheym very significant size in tthey Metro Cores. Adam Salama Great. Thanks for tthey time. Troy Rudd Thank you. Operator Those are all tthey questions we have for today. So I will now hand back to you CEO, Troy Rudd, for any concluding comments. Troy Rudd Great. Thank you, Operator. Again, I want to thank our teams and our professionals for tthey great contribution that got us off to a really strong start of tthey year. We thought -- we feel like we put ourselves in tthey best position possible as we move forward in year and we are again increasing our confidence around with results, results we'll deliver for tthey year. And frankly tthey results we'll deliver in terms of achieving our long-term objectives. Again, thank you everyone for participating ttheir morning. Look forward to talking to you in tthey next earnings call. Have a good day. Operator Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Ttheir concludes our call. Please, now disconnect your lines.