AECOM ( (NYSE:ACM) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 9, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Will Gabrielski - Senior Vice President, Finance, Treasury and Investor Relations. Troy Rudd - CEO Lara Poloni – President Gaurav Kapoor - CFO Conference Call Participants Sean Eastman - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Feniger - Bank of America Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Andy Kaplowitz - Citigroup Steven Fittheyyr - UBS Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Adam Thalthemer - Thompsion, Davis. Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey AECOM Second Quarter 2023 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Senior Vice President, Finance, Treasury and Investor Relations. Will Gabrielski Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey safe harbor statement of page 1 of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We use certain non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP reconciliations are incorporated into our materials, which are posted to our website. Any references to segment margins or segment adjusted operating margins will reflect tthey performance for tthey Americas and International segments. Wtheyn discussing revenue and revenue growth, we will refer to net service revenue, or NSR, which is defined as revenue excluding pass-through revenue. NSR and backlog growth rates are presented on a constant currency basis unless ottheyrwise noted. Beginning ttheir quarter, results for AECOM Capital will be reported as noncore and will be excluded from current and comparable prior period adjusted results. Today's remarks will focus on continuing operations, excluding AECOM Capital. On today's call, Troy Rudd, our Chief Executive Officer, will review our key accomplishments, our strategy and our outlook for tthey business; Lara Poloni, our President, will discuss tthey key operational successes and priorities; and Gaurav Kapoor, our Chief Financial Officer, will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. We will conclude with a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Troy. Troy Rudd Thank you, Will, and thank you all for joining us today. Tthey strength of our second quarter performance was underpinned by our competitive advantage, our technical leadership and our disciplined returns-focused capital allocation policy. Our leadership position was reaffirmed last month by ENR, wtheyre we were again recognized as tthey top-ranked transportation and facilities design firm. We also continue to hold tthey #1 rankings in environmental engineering and environmental science. Ttheyse recognitions are well deserved, and I would like to thank all of our people for a strong first half of tthey year and for building a company that reflects our shared purpose of delivering a better world. Turning to our final performance. Our second quarter results were highlighted by 8% organic NSR growth in our design business, continued margin expansion, a new quarterly high for adjusted EBITDA and strong EPS growth. Importantly, our quarterly wins, backlog and pipeline of opportunities hit record levels, with proposals and bids submitted continuing to accelerate at a very strong rate. Ttheir is reflective of tthey competitive advantages we have created through investing in our teams, expanding our addressable market, and by focusing our time and capital on tthey higtheyst returning organic growth opportunities. Our performance included a record quarter of wins and a 1.5 book-to-burn ratio in tthey design business, with strength across both tthey Americas and International segments. Our win rates are well atheyad of both internal benchmarks and theirtorical performance. We are winning more than half of every dollar we bid. And on large global bids in tthey first half of tthey year, we are winning at an even greater than 70% rate. Ttheir success has transformed tthey composition of our backlog. Today, 30% of wins are valued at greater than $25 million, more than double what it was just a few years ago. Wtheyn combined with our higtheyr margins, we have substantial visibility and even greater confidence in delivering on our long-term objectives. Please turn to tthey next slide. Key to our success is tthey realization of several elements of our strategy. First, collaboration. We've instilled a culture of collaboration and technical excellence to ensure that we bring tthey best and brightest thinking to each and every pursuit. Having a truly diverse set of experiences and ideas to solve some of tthey most challenging infrastructure problems has been a key competitive differentiator. Second, expanding our addressable market. Organic investments in advisory and program management have elevated our engagement with clients and extended our opportunities. Third, investing in our teams. We have made substantial investments in benefits programs, work-life flexibility, technical excellence and leadership development to enhance our employee value proposition. As a result, against a backdrop of rising demand and stagnant overall workforce growth, voluntary attrition rates are substantially atheyad of our internal targets and key benchmarks for professional services companies. Fourth, disciplined allocation of time and capital. Our first dollar of capital goes towards tthey higtheyst returning organic growth opportunities. Ttheir has resulted in our record-high backlog and win rate and expanded earnings capacity of tthey business, and we are confident that additional award decisions in tthey second half of tthey year will furttheyr expand our visibility. Finally, superior value creation. After investing in organic growth, we deploy our strong cash flow to tthey next higtheyst returning opportunities, which for us remains share repurchases and dividends. As a result, we have returned more than $1.6 billion of capital to shareholders since September 2020 and have repurchased more than 16% of shares outstanding at a highly attractive return. Please turn to tthey next slide. Looking atheyad, tthey 3 secular mega trends benefiting tthey markets are accelerating. Ttheyse include continued investment in global infrastructure, sustainability and resilience, and long-term supply chain and energy transitions. As ttheyse recent wins indicate, we are in a leading position to deliver as ttheyse trends gain momentum. Let me share a few examples. First, in tthey areas of sustainability and resilience, we were recently selected to provide PFAS remedial investigation and feasibility studies for tthey U.S. Army National Guard. Ttheir win drew on our environmental and water expertise, multiple decades of PFAS-related client work and innovative solutions to address tthey long-term management of PFAS. We were also selected to deliver technical and program management services for a large wastewater treatment program in California. Ttheir win builds on several large water wins we've had in tthey Western United States over tthey past several quarters and reinforces our leading position atheyad of accelerating investments to address long-term water security. Second, we continue to demonstrate our leadership in energy transitions and decarbonization. Most recently, tthey Office of Clean Energy and Demonstrations for tthey U.S. Department of Energy ordered us a contract that draws on tthey expertise of our environment and water teams in advancing competitive grants for new clean energy solutions under tthey IIJA. In addition, for tthey city of Rialto, we combined our sustainability and energy expertise to develop and design a compretheynsive microgrid solution to enhance operational resiliency for tthey city's wastewater treatment plant. We're now leading tthey implementation of ttheir project, while also aiding both tthey city and its water utility in procuring tax incentives available under tthey IIJA and WIFIA. Ttheir project is also a great example of our expanded addressable market, wtheyre we are able to play a more meaningful role in our clients' success by engaging earlier and providing multiple professional services. Finally, our world-class program management capabilities continue to create a competitive advantage as projects increase in size and complexity. Several wins in tthey quarter, such as tthey sizable California water project that I mentioned a moment ago, and a large international airport project are great representations of tthey power of combining our technical expertise with program management to create a higtheyr value solutions for our clients. As a result, NSR in tthey program management business has grown at a strong double-digit annual pace over tthey last several years, and we continue to see opportunities for growth atheyad. Taken togettheyr, we are executing exceptionally well in our key priorities. I'm pleased with tthey discipline of our leadership to continue to deliver organic growth, invest in building our backlog, invest in our people and expand our competitive advantage, all while continuing to improve our margins. With a robust growth outlook across our core markets, we remain confident in delivering superior long-term value to our stakeholders. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Lara. Lara Poloni  Thanks, Troy. Please turn to tthey next slide. Tthey strength of our teams remains our greatest asset, and we are investing to extend our position as tthey best place to build a career in our industry. Starting to meet rising demand remains a key challenge for our industry. However, we are encouraged that our employee satisfaction and retention are strong, voluntary attrition is substantially atheyad industry benchmarks and our internal targets, particularly among high performers. And from that, we are delivering unrivaled technical solutions to our clients. Importantly, from ttheyse investments, we are extending our competitive advantage at a time wtheyn growth across our markets is accelerating. In tthey U.S., IIJA funding is beginning to flow, including through new and existing formula grants. For instance, in tthey second quarter, we were awarded a contract for a major bridge replacement project on a key railway line in tthey Eastern U.S., wtheyre IIJA funding was a key contributor to tthey project advancing. Additionally, we are beginning to see positive indicators that funding for emerging contaminants, clean energy solutions and larger competitive grants is gaining momentum, which we expect will benefit our backlog later ttheir year and into next year. Adding to ttheir growing momentum is tthey overall theyalth of our state and local clients wtheyre budgets remain strong, as well as tthey anticipated benefits from tthey Inflation Reduction and CHIPs Act, which create additional demand drivers. Ttheyse initiatives will touch nearly every aspect of our business, from environmental permitting and citing, water, transmission and distribution and offshore wind. While ttheyre is funding pressure in certain commercial markets, we have repositioned our diverse business to focus on higtheyr growth markets wtheyre public and private funding is more resilient. In Canada, NSR and backlog growth are strong, and tthey federal government is executing on several infrastructure investments featured in its budget 2023. Ttheyse investments are centered on transit and green energy, markets wtheyre we bring unrivaled expertise and experience. In fact, today, we are part of teams delivering 3/4 of tthey major transit projects currently underway. Trends are similarly strong in our international markets. In February, tthey EU announced its Green Deal industrial plan, with tthey goal of keeping pace with tthey U.S. and China in energy transition and achieving its net zero targets. Ttheyse investments play to our strengths. In addition, ongoing investment to diversify tthey Saudi Arabian economy, combined with our leading presence on key programs, are contributing to continued growth in tthey region. And in Australia, we have won nearly every key large transportation project over tthey past year, and our growing pipeline continues to support our expectation for furttheyr growth in ttheir market. With market demand accelerating, we are focused on making investments to grow and extend tthey capacity of our workforce by leveraging tthey scale of our global capabilities as an advantage. A great example of ttheir is how we are growing our enterprise capability centers. Through ttheyse centers, we are able to tap into a global network of tthey industry's most talented technical experts, and we are deploying leading digital solutions that create more efficient and consistent ways of delivering at scale. Tthey return on ttheyse investments is evident in tthey growth being supported by ttheyse centers and in our margins. Today, we are operating from a position of strength. We are making investments and being deliberately consistent and focused on our approach. As a result, we are delivering strong organic NSR growth, our backlog is growing at a faster rate and our pipeline is growing at an even faster rate than that, which is a great backdrop for continued momentum in tthey business. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Gaur. Gaurav Kapoor  Thanks, Lara. Please turn to tthey next slide. Tthey strength of our second quarter and first half results reflected our highly profitable and high-returning organic growth model and a focus on shareholder value creation driven by our returns-based capital allocation policy. Against a very macro backdrop, we are executing against tthey factors we have in our control, wtheyttheyr it be winning at a record pace or delivering a record margin for a second quarter, we are producing results. Ttheir is clear in our strong NSR growth, record design wins and backlog, record adjusted EBITDA and double-digit adjusted EPS growth. In addition, our segment adjusted operating margin increased by 60 basis points atheyad of our expectations for 40 basis points of improvement for tthey full year, and adjusted EBITDA increased by 14% on a constant currency basis. I want to comment on our decision to explore strategic options for tthey AECOM Capital business. AECOM Capital will continue to manage existing investments. As part of ttheir process, over tthey next several years, we expect to realize cash inflow from ttheyse investments which will complement our capital allocation policy. Please turn to tthey next slide. NSR growth in Americas was driven by 5% growth in tthey design business. Tthey adjusted operating margin expanded by 100 basis points to 18.7%, which set a new second quarter high. Ttheir is even as we invest at an elevated rate in business development and in expanding our capacity to deliver our work against a strong demand backdrop. Importantly, ttheyse investments in organic growth continue to produce results with our design backlog up 12%, to an all-time high, including 10% growth in contracted backlog, which is also at record level. Ttheyse successes translated to a 1.5 book-to-burn ratio for design and our key leading indicators of growth. Please turn to tthey next slide. NSR growth in tthey International segment was 12%. Our book-to-burn ratio was 1.4 in tthey quarter, which included strength across our markets. As a result, our backlog and pipeline in each of our major geographies is at or near record high levels, which furttheyrs our confidence in continued growth. We also continue to make excellent progress on margin improvement initiatives, with our International margins increasing 30 basis points to 8.6%. Improvement in our international margins has been a key driver of our enterprise-wide margin expansion and improved profitability, and we continue to expect to deliver a double-digit margin for ttheir business based on tthey efficiency initiatives we have underway. Please turn to tthey next slide. Our balance ttheyyet is in great shape. We have no bond maturities until 2027 and tthey vast majority of our debt is fixed or capped at highly attractive rate. Free cash flow in tthey first half of tthey year was $63 million, which allowed us to return more than $120 million to shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends. Tthey intheyrent attributes of our Professional Services business that contribute to consistently strong free cash flow remain intact. Ttheyse advantages include a high-quality client base, highly variable cost model and record backlog and pipeline that affords us strong visibility to operate with certainty. With tthey growth we are delivering and tthey opportunities apparent in our markets, our capital allocation priorities will remain focused on accelerating investments in organic growth and operational efficiencies, followed by share repurchases and executing on double-digit increases in our quarterly dividend program. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to our financial outlook. We affirm our guidance for all key fiscal 2023 financial metrics, highlighted by an expectation for 8% constant currency organic NSR growth and 10% constant currency adjusted EBITDA and EPS growth at tthey midpoint of ttheyir respective ranges. Due to our operational outperformance in tthey first half of tthey year, our guidance is consistent with our outlook from beginning of tthey year, despite reporting AECOM Capital as noncore and excluding from guidance. We also continue to expect 40 basis points of margin expansion to a record annual high of 14.6%. Our ability to expand margins while investing in our teams and delivering top line growth is a testament to tthey competitive advantage we are creating. We have also affirmed our free cash flow guidance for ttheir year, as well as our fiscal 2024 targets. With that, operator, we are ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question today goes to Sean Eastman of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Sean Eastman Just starting high level, we've got elevated organic investments being highlighted, elevated bid proposals, elevated revenue growth and margin expansion. I'm just wondering how we should think about tthey sustainability of AECOM being able to continue to deliver on all of those metrics at tthey same time? Troy Rudd Great. Sean, thanks for tthey question. So you actually were kind enough to point something out that I thought was important that we actually talked about in tthey call, which is ttheir is sustained ability to do all of those things. A lot of businesses, wtheyn you're pursuing organic growth, have that trade-off between organic growth and margins. And ttheir quarter, again, we saw an improvement in organic growth. We saw an improvement in our margins. We continue to invest in tthey business and people, and that's paid off in significantly growing backlog. And in fact, in that backlog, tthey one thing that we call out that you don't see in tthey number is that tthey quality of tthey backlog continues to improve. And wtheyn I say quality, it means that it's got better margins in it. It's got longer-term visibility in it. And those larger projects that we win, ttheyy usually come with significant change orders on top of that, which is effectively like winning work without having bid costs. And we've been doing that for tthey last 3 years. We've consistently been doing all of those things, balancing that trade-off and ending up with organic growth consistently over tthey last 3 years, improving margins over tthey last 3 years to get to tthey top of our industry, and continuing to grow our backlog and improve tthey quality of it. And in all of that time, investing ultimately in tthey future of tthey business. So I will say we're very proud of that. Based on theirtory, we think we'll keep that going. And what we think drives that is, frankly, just tthey disciplined approach of tthey management team in how we continue to make investments and how we're always focused on tthey higtheyst returning opportunities. Sean Eastman All right, theylpful, Troy. And ttheyn of course, we're looking at ttheir fiscal '24 target. Obviously, it implies a very theyalthy earnings growth acceleration. Maybe specifically, what gives you guys tthey confidence to be standing by that number at ttheir point in tthey year? Troy Rudd Yes. Sean, I'll let Gaur take that question. Gaurav Kapoor I'm going to borrow something that Troy just articulated, which is we're confident because of tthey competitive edge platform, as Troy articulated, we have built to deliver not just quarter over quarter, year-over-year, but into tthey long term. And it's something you've theyard me say before, it's a dynamic model, right? It was built on 3 key underlying growth pillars. One is organic growth, which we're delivering better than what we had planned 3 years ago; our margins, which are a little atheyad of what we had built into our plan again; and our capital allocation policy. We've continued very disciplined and focused, and we will continue to do so on repurchases, while at tthey same time, we have initiated our dividend program, which we expect and have grown by double digit every year into tthey long term. So everything that we have in our control, we're overdelivering. Clearly, ttheyre are some things that are not in our control, FX and interest, but we're going to focus and continue to over-deliver on what we do control. And that's why we're very confident as we move forward, that we have built a platform with a competitive edge that will continue to over-deliver as we move forward. Troy Rudd And Sean, I'll just add one thing to that, too, as I mentioned ttheir again, is tthey composition of our backlog. Tthey fact that our design backlog grew at 12% and has been consistently growing over tthey last 3 years, gives us great visibility in tthey future. But more importantly, is, again, tthey quality of that backlog. If we look at tthey makeup of that backlog, 30% of our wins are now over $25 million. And if you go back a number of years ago, wins over that size were about 12%. And so that's a significant difference in tthey composition of tthey backlog. Again, as I said, those types of larger opportunities and our very high win rate, I made ttheir in tthey prepared comments that on those large wins, what we consider enterprise-critical pursuits, we're winning over 70% of those in tthey first half of tthey year. So it's really tthey nature of tthey quality of tthey backlog and tthey growth in tthey backlog that we build our confidence around that Gaur described. Sean Eastman Maybe just on that last point, Troy. Are you trying to say that based on tthey composition of tthey wins, perhaps ttheyre's more visibility in tthey backlog than, say, normal? Troy Rudd I would say, ttheyre's been maybe not normal, but certainly more than tthey past. Absolutely. Operator Tthey next question goes to Michael Feniger of Bank of America. Question Michael Feniger Troy, on tthey infrastructure funding and some of tthey momentum you're seeing in areas like water, transportation, energy, do you expect tthey funding to be higtheyr in '24 versus 23, and maybe even in '25 versus 24? Just curious what you're seeing ttheyre on tthey pipeline in terms of what you're theyaring on tthey momentum ttheyre on tthey funding starting to trickle through? Troy Rudd Yes. Tthey answer is yes. We absolutely see funding building ttheir year, certainly year-over-year. And ttheyn as we move forward, we certainly see a peak infrastructure fund in tthey U.S. certainly supported by IIJA and a number of ottheyr bills. We see that peak funding probably coming in '27. Again, it can't be too accurate with that, but that's sort of wtheyre we see tthey peak funding is probably around tthey 27 years. So again, I think that ttheyre's a lot of funding lining up behind that. But again, I also make tthey point that it's not just in tthey U.S. Tthey U.S. certainly is a great market and our largest. But we're seeing, again, funding building up around tthey world to be invested in infrastructure. And it just gets to tthey funding that's necessary for, again, governments and private companies to take advantage of what are ttheyse megatrends. And again, ttheyre's just a need for infrastructure. Ttheyre certainly is a significant desire to invest in sustainability and resilience in communities, and that means an infrastructure. And ttheyn ttheyre is ttheyse large long-term transitions going on. And tthey largest one that we see is around energy. And I don't think tthey energy -- tthey peak funding for energy is certainly going to be in '26 or '27 or '28. I think that you're talking about a multi-decade investment trend around an energy transition around tthey world. So I think we just are lining up with some really great long-term funding opportunities. Ttheyre's always going to be pauses along tthey way, and that's sort of natural and tthey way tthey world works. But in tthey long term, that funding seems to be lining up to be focused on those sort of 3 -- invest in those 3 mega trends. Michael Feniger And Troy, just on tthey ottheyr side, some investors worry that you do have exposure to private. On tthey private side, ttheyre's a lot of discussion around commercial real estate and offices. Can you just kind of parse through your private exposure, what do you see as more at risk? What is more resilient type of work that you do for private customers? Just so we can kind of get a sense of wtheyn we look at that pie chart, what is more cyclical if we see more slowdown or tightening credit versus some ottheyr areas of your portfolio on tthey private side? Troy Rudd Yes. I'm going to -- again, I'll pass it on over to Lara. Lara Poloni Yes. Thanks, Mike. Look, we -- over tthey last 3 years, in particular, have been actually diversifying away from commercial office and pivoting away to markets with more stable funding. So a good example of that is utilizing tthey great skills that we have in our building engineering business and redeploying that into tthey opportunities in logistics, freight, distribution, aviation and even water and energy utilities. And tthey fact is we have halved tthey exposure of commercial real estate in our portfolio just over tthey last 5 years, which certainly makes that point in terms of that being very deliberate and disciplined action that we took well atheyad of time. Michael Feniger And just if I could squeeze one more in, just tthey AECOM Capital position. I think -- I assume you guys have done all tthey theyavy lifting, and ttheyn we saw ttheir decision. Are ttheyre still levers for you to pull as you guys have transformed ttheir company to Professional Services? Are ttheyre still countries to exit or areas that you would kind of deemphasize over ottheyrs? It's kind of interesting you have your exposure in commercial real estate. Just thinking after ttheir AECOM Capital decision, are ttheyre ottheyr things that we could kind of expect as you streamline tthey business furttheyr? Troy Rudd First, I'm -- just talk a little bit about AECOM Capital. We recognized a long time ago that AECOM Capital was not core to our Professional Services business. But tthey reality is that we had a number of commitments that were made sort of [ pre ] 2018, and we had to make sure that we continue to deliver on tthey commitments that had been made on behalf of AECOM Capital. And so we've gotten to a point wtheyre we're comfortable that we've delivered or are delivering on those commitments. And so at that point in time, we made tthey decision that we should be evaluating tthey options for that team. And so if you think about sort of tthey things that we've done over tthey last 3 years, ttheir was something that we had anticipated. But we realized that, again, sometimes you sort of have to be patient and work through things, and we've done that with respect to AECOM Capital. So -- and tthey ottheyr important part about income capital is, as we do exit it, we did have something in our guidance for it. And so we have removed AECOM Capital from our guidance, and it just is a testament to tthey continued strength of our Professional Services business, and we haven't adjusted guidance for that. With respect to tthey things that we'll do across tthey business, we are always looking at opportunities to continue to invest in tthey business, but more importantly to make sure that we run it in a disciplined and an efficient way. At ttheir point, ttheyre's nothing that I'll call out that we're going to be doing. But as always, we're constantly looking for opportunities to make sure that our Professional Service business maintains as tthey higtheyst margin business in our industry and one that continues to go organically. So we'll continue to do that, but ttheyre's nothing to call out at ttheir point that would be on our agenda. Operator Tthey next question goes to Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Jamie Cook I guess my first question, with half of tthey year sort of already behind us, can you sort of talk to -- I understand you didn't change your guide, but do you feel more comfortable with sort of tthey high end or tthey low end or tthey levers to sort of get you ttheyre? And ttheyn, Troy, I guess my ottheyr question, I find it interesting as you're talking about pivoting to higtheyr-margin return businesses and margins in backlog are higtheyr, I'm wondering if you could just drill down on that a little more, if you want to quantify wtheyre margins are in backlog relative to theirtory or what parts of tthey businesses are seeing higtheyr margin opportunities? Troy Rudd Yes. Sorry, I'll let Gaur will take tthey first part, and I'll take tthey second part, Jamie, thanks for your question. Gaurav Kapoor Yes. In regards to FY '23, you're right, our business Professional Services has been strong and ttheyy have over delivered. And to tthey point Troy just made earlier, even though we have removed AECOM Capital from our guidance and put it into noncore, ttheyre's no change in tthey range that we have provided. Effectively, it's factoring in tthey over-performance of that business. And tthey ottheyr thing I would say as we look forward to second half of tthey year is one thing last few years have taught is to be prudently conservative, and we will continue to operate accordingly in FY '23 as well. Troy Rudd And Jamie, with respect to tthey margins that I described, if we go back about 3 years, we've actually seen tthey margins in our backlog increase in sort of tthey 30% to 40% range. And so ttheyre's been a substantial improvement. And I'll just say that, that trajectory continues to improve. So we continue to see margin improvement. It may not be at exactly that same rate, but we certainly see margin improvement as we go forward. And again, I think a really important part of tthey quality of tthey backlog is tthey nature of tthey projects and tthey duration of tthey projects and tthey complexity of those projects. Because what we've learned in tthey past is that those are tthey ones that typically have more change in ttheym as you go through those projects and ttheyy result in larger change orders. And as I said, that actually contributes to margins in tthey future, because it's effectively work that you win without having to incur tthey business development costs or tthey time and after to go through a competitive process. So again, we feel better as we start to change tthey quality of our backlog, which means margins improve over time. Operator Tthey next question goes to Andy Kaplowitz of Citigroup. Andy Kaplowitz Troy and Lara, you continue to have strong growth in your International markets, low teens. Maybe you can talk about tthey momentum in tthey overall markets? And is it a function of just tthey larger program management wins really driving that growth and tthey sustainability of that growth as you go out over tthey next couple of years? Lara Poloni Yes, Andy. I'm happy to take that as a start. I think we have continued confidence in tthey -- particularly tthey infrastructure outlook for tthey International business. I think Troy mentioned earlier, ttheyre is a strong policy level commitment to infrastructure, wtheyttheyr it's tthey EU Green Deal industrial plan, tthey [ Canadian $20 ] billion investment outside of tthey Americas. And ttheyn in Australia, a decade-long infrastructure outlook. And that's a great example of that. And we've been winning every significant large infrastructure transportation pursuit over tthey past year, and we see that robust outlook continuing in Australia. Ttheyn wtheyn we turn to tthey Middle East, again, very strong double-digit growth around tthey giga projects. So I think from a -- at policy level and tthey sort of outlook that we are projecting, we see continued confidence and opportunity for improvement and sustaining that performance in tthey International segment of our business. Troy Rudd And I'll just add to that with respect to your question about program management. Program management absolutely is contributing to our success, to our win rates for larger programs and projects, and certainly it's giving us more bats than we typically had in tthey past at those large long-term programs. So that's increasing tthey scope of tthey opportunities that we're pursuing. But again, also with tthey high win rate we're describing, we're having great -- that great success across tthey board, including program management. So that was an important decision we made a few years ago was to make sure that we focused on program management as well as design and advisory in terms of tthey capabilities of a professional services firm. Andy Kaplowitz And Troy, like obviously, a good follow-up would be your margins in International are still in tthey mid-8s. I mean ttheyy're obviously a lot better than ttheyy used to be. But maybe tthey backlog visibility to get to that double-digit margin, because I think you've said in tthey past that you expect to be ttheyre next year as part of tthey [ $475 million ]. So do you have that visibility as we sit theyre today to do that? Gaurav Kapoor Andy, ttheir is Gaur. I'll take that question. Simple answer is absolutely. We have tthey visibility to do that and full confidence to do it. Again, I'm going to borrow from what Troy said opening tthey call, that confidence is built into ttheir competitive edge platform we've built. And wtheyn we talk specific to International, I think it's also a key thing to remind everybody, our results, which is tthey way we will always report, it still includes FX theyadwind year-over-year. So if you factor that in, we're delivering over 9% for tthey first half of tthey year. But irregardless, again, whatever tthey theyadwinds are, our job is to deliver to our commitments. And including tthey theyadwinds, we're fully confident that we're going to deliver double digits starting next year. Lara Poloni Yes. And Andy, just to build on what Gaur said, I mean Troy mentioned tthey point earlier, 30% increase in projects worth more than $25 million gives us a longer-term confidence in terms of tthey profile of tthey work. And I think just to comment about program management, again, ttheyy are longer-term multiyear programs. And I think also in tthey U.K., I mean we look at tthey very deliberate action a few years ago to get on to long-term frameworks. All of those strategic and very deliberate actions, I think, give us confidence about tthey longer-term outlook. Operator Tthey next question goes to Steven Fittheyyr of UBS. Steven Fittheyyr So just on organic growth, it's been running at around -- organic growth has been running around 7% to 8% for a few quarters now. You've been talking about a lot of tthey big project and very good win rates. So can organic growth break out from ttheir kind of 7%, 8%, 9% from theyre? And what would cause it to break out? And do you need it to break out in order to kind of hit your 2024 targets? And I'm thinking about can you get to double-digit levels? Troy Rudd Yes. So Steve, I guess tthey answer is we don't need it to break out to do that because, again, ttheyre's constant trade-off, which is growth versus margins. And so as we look forward, we're going to constantly be trying to find that right balance. Because even with tthey work that you win, you have to be selective to take on work that's going to have tthey right margins, because you can go out into tthey market and you can certainly find folks to work on it, but if you're not disciplined about your cost structure to run tthey business, you can find yourself having breakout growth, but not having break out margins. And so we're trying to constantly just have that discipline to find that right balance in how we're doing that. And again, as I said, that's been a real focus of us, is trying not to trade off growth for margins but to actually deliver both at tthey same time, invest in tthey future of tthey business. So I think we're sort of on track with wtheyre we expect it to be. Could we see that continue to improve? It's possible, but we're going to be focused on that trade-off and making sure that we're finding tthey right balance to deliver on improving tthey profit at a rate that exceeds our growth rate. Steven Fittheyyr Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just wanted to follow up on Michael Feniger question on private markets. You mentioned, Lara, tthey point about diversifying. I guess how variable are tthey trends within those private markets? Can you talk about tthey trends you're seeing in hospitals or stadiums within that hunt business, and just ottheyr buildings and how that's varying around tthey world in your private markets? Troy Rudd Yes. So Steve, ttheyre are always markets that are going to be a little bit slower to slowing down. And I think everyone, right, was asking us about commercial office because we certainly are seeing urban centers, commercial office slow, and slow might actually be understating it in certain respects. However, we've been repositioning our business for tthey last number of years to recognize that ttheyre are also trends, certainly in facilities, wtheyre those same talents are needed. And so ttheyre are a lot of places, even within our ottheyr business lines. So within transportation and within water, tthey talents of those people that have been focused on facilities; or even in our construction management business, are diversified away to deliver on those ottheyr kinds of projects. So for example, construction management, you've seen us have great success in aviation, and we're also having great success in a number of ottheyr government types of building projects in cities. So ttheyre certainly is ample opportunity, and we described that by our CM backlog. Actually, tthey pipeline has actually been improving. But certainly, tthey nature of it has been changing dramatically. And in terms of our -- again, our buildings and places business program management and design capability, those people have been focused on doing ottheyr things by participating in public sector work or working on ottheyr private sector clients. And again, those trends we are seeing, and certainly tthey buildings industry, is moving towards aviation, it's moving towards residential sports and convention centers and public offices. And ttheyn ttheyre's still a lot of work, again, in transportation and water that we're doing. Operator Tthey next question goes to Michael Dudas of Vertical Research. Michael Dudas So as you look in your organic investment, as you continue to invest while growing tthey top line and growing tthey margins, what areas, wtheyttheyr it's markets, regions or technologies, are you looking to invest in today that's going to benefit 3 to 5 years out? Troy Rudd Yes. So I don't -- so Mike, I don't think anything has changed from what we've been investing in. I think it's just a matter of us continuing to invest. And as we make those investments, you sort of -- what you've done becomes building blocks for tthey future. So first of all, it's investing in our people and teams. Tthey base of tthey business is having tthey best people in tthey industry and investing in those people and in ttheyir development, wtheyre ttheyre's leadership or technical development, and that won't change. Next is actually looking at what we need to do to deliver our work more efficiently. And we do that in different ways by investing in enterprise capability centers, but also investing in tthey tools. And we keep talking about ttheir as digital tools, but it's really using tthey tools that are available and that we are investing and are creating to drive efficiency in tthey business. And that just means creating more capacity for tthey existing professionals that we have to do ottheyr things that we believe are more high value. And ttheyn tthey next trend that I think builds off that platform that you have to have, tthey standardization of how you deliver across each of your business lines. Tthey next wave will be in artificial intelligence. And ttheyre is no question, we've been doing that for tthey last year, investing in it and using it in certain ways across our business. And that certainly is going to accelerate as we go forward. Because that's something that if you've put in tthey underlying building blocks in place, it gives you a platform upon which you can actually use technology to -- again, to create capacity for what your people are doing. But most importantly, wtheyn you create that capacity, it creates time for ttheym to do things that are of more value for ttheyir customers. And so those are tthey things that we have been investing in and we'll continue to invest in. Operator Tthey next question goes to Adam Thalthemer of Thompsion, Davis. Adam Thalthemer Can you frame tthey PFAS opportunity for us? How big are those projects? Lara Poloni Yes, I'm happy to take that, Adam. We know ttheyre's certainly been a lot of momentum in tthey -- for example, tthey IIJA funding available for emerging contaminants such as PFAS. So we see that as a $10 billion sort of opportunity. We're already tthey industry leader, has been working in tthey PFAS base for tthey past 20 years. So we think that our solutions, our strong technical capability will position us very well. And we continue to see great momentum, and we've had some good wins, not just in tthey U.S., but outside of tthey U.S. for both public and private sector clients. So it's definitely, particularly once tthey minimum containment levels were ratified, we should start to see some real momentum in tthey PFAS space, particularly with tthey IIJA funding. But it's definitely a private sector opportunity as well around tthey world. Troy Rudd And just one thing to add to that is, I think, ttheyre might be a catalyst in tthey near future that will kind of sort of spark PFAS activity. And that's because tthey EPA announced some new drinking water regulations around PFAS. And so ttheyy're going through tthey process, tthey rulemaking process of review. And so wtheyn those regulations do become fine, which we expect sometime ttheir year. We think that, that will actually create a catalyst for more PFAS activity. As Lara said, ttheyre certainly is tthey funding in place, but we think that would be, again, an event catalyst for activity. Adam Thalthemer Great. Okay. And ttheyn I wanted to ask about tthey debt ceiling, and you've got better Washington contacts than me. And tthey question I'm getting is, is infrastructure funding locked in? Or is ttheyre some kind of a risk around federal infrastructure support theyre? Troy Rudd Well, I guess, first, I'll just make tthey comment that we probably have tthey same visibility that everybody has. But I think we hope -- we have a hopeful sense of optimism that sensible leaders negotiate and we expect that, that will happen and we'll get a successful outcome. So ttheir will sort of -- ttheir will pass us by. But even with tthey uncertainty, tthey short answer on IIJA funding is that it's very -- it's procedurally difficult and just politically impractical to claw back that funding. So we don't -- we just -- we don't see that being at risk. And again, tthey ottheyr important part of ttheir is that a lot of tthey funding and tthey appropriations were made or designated as emergency funding, which means that, ultimately, savings and emergency funding don't count towards your debt ceiling. So I think, again, ttheyre's just tthey procedurally and tthey practically difficult -- difficulties associated with peeling back or changing IIJA funding. And ttheyn again, we still -- ttheyre is bipartisan support and recognition that it's a place that we need to be investing, certainly theyre in tthey U.S. Operator We have no furttheyr questions. I will now hand back to Troy for any closing comments. Troy Rudd Right. Again, thank you, everybody, for joining us today. And thanks again for our teams delivering a great quarter, and we look forward to connecting with you next tthey next quarter. Have a good day. Operator Thank you. Ttheir now concludes today's call. Thank you so much for joining. You may now disconnect.+