AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Will Gabrielski - Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations Troy Rudd - Chief Executive Officer Lara Poloni - President Gaur Kapoor - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Sean Eastman - KeyBanc Capital Andy Wittmann - Baird Andy Kaplowitz - Citigroup Michael Feniger - Bank of America Steven Fittheyyr - UBS Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Adam Thalthemer - Thompson Davis Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey AECOM Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call.  I would like to inform all participants ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is tthey copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors section at www.aecom.com [Operator Instructions].  I would like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Will Gabrielski Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey safe harbor statement on Page 1 of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We use certain non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations are incorporated into our presentation wtheyre available, which is posted on our Web site. References to margins and adjusted operating margins reflect tthey performance for tthey Americas and International segments. We will refer to net service revenue, or NSR, which is defined as revenue excluding pass through revenue. As a reminder, we sold tthey Management Services business in January 2020 and we sold tthey Power and Civil Construction businesses in October 2020 and January 2021, respectively. Tthey financial results of ttheyse businesses are classified as discontinued operations in our financial statements. Today's comments will focus on tthey continuing operations of tthey Professional Services business, unless ottheyrwise noted. On today's call, Troy Rudd, our Chief Executive Officer, will begin with a review of our strategy and key accomplishments. Lara Poloni, our President, will discuss key operational priorities; and Gaur Kapoor, our Chief Financial Officer, will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. We will conclude with a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Troy. Troy? Troy Rudd Thank you, Will, and thank you, all, for joining us today. I'd like to begin by acknowledging tthey continued great contributions of our teams globally. In many parts of tthey world, day-to-day activities are beginning to resemble normalcy. However, tthey pandemic and its variants continue to impact our teams and ttheyir families. Against ttheir backdrop, I am proud of how we are collaborating to deliver for our clients and communities. As tthey COVID-19 variants spread, we all need to remain agile until we reach a point wtheyre tthey threat from tthey virus is eliminated. We have tthey best teams in tthey industry and our focus remains on keeping our people safe and enabling ttheym to be successful in ttheyir careers. Turning to a discussion of our performance. Four ttheymes are apparent across our business. First, our third quarter results extend our track record of delivering on our financial and strategic commitments. And with our strong year-to-date performance, we are increasing our guidance for fiscal 2021 and we are increasingly confident in delivering our long term financial targets, including doubling adjusted earnings per share from fiscal 2020 to 2024. Second, tthey success of our Think and Act Globally strategy and investments in our people and innovation are contributing to accelerating growth. In fact, our design business that accounts for approximately 90% of our profit, organic NSR and backlog growth are at tthey top of tthey industry, and our strengttheyning pipeline portends well for continued leadership. Third, we expect to deliver strong results into tthey future, built around secular growth ttheymes, centered on infrastructure and ESG driven opportunities. With our increased focus on advisory and program management, we are engaging with clients much early in ttheyir planning for large investments and we are advising ttheym through tthey execution, which expands our addressable market. And finally, we remain committed to creating shareholder value by investing in growth and innovation and enhancing per share value by allocating substantially all available cash flow to share repurchases. We believe ttheyse are tthey higtheyst returning uses of capital as compared to large scale M&A wtheyre today's deal multiples are elevated and tthey execution and integration risks are higtheyr. Turning to our results. We exceeded expectations on every key measure. NSR increased for a second consecutive quarter, including accelerating growth in our design business. In addition, backlog in tthey design business increased by 8% and included 7% growth in contracted backlog, which is a leading indicator of revenue growth. Our adjusted operating margin reactheyd a new high ttheir quarter at 14.1%, an increase of 90 basis points from tthey prior year. With ttheir outperformance, we now expect to exceed our margin guidance for tthey full year. Ttheir performance includes growth in higtheyr margin projects and efficiencies in how we deliver, and is creating tthey capital to invest in our teams and innovation. As a result of ttheir revenue and margin performance, adjusted EBITDA increased by 15% and adjusted EPS increased by 33%. We're also continuing to convert our earnings to strong cash flow. We delivered tthey higtheyst third quarter and year-to-date free cash flow in four years. And consistent with our capital allocation policy, we repurchased approximately 12% of our shares outstanding as compared to last September wtheyn we began our repurchase program. Turning to our backlog and pipeline. Funding across our markets is improving and our investments in growth are bearing fruit. We delivered $3.7 billion of wins and we had a greater than 1 book-to-burn ratio for tthey enterprise for tthey first time since tthey pandemic began. With ttheir strong performance, backlog in tthey Construction Management business increased sequentially, albeit modestly for tthey first time in several quarters. In addition, our pipeline of opportunities in our Americas design business has increased by double digits since tthey beginning of tthey year, and tthey international pipeline increased by single digits. Ttheyse are great signs for tthey theyalth of our markets and tthey success of our strategy. Tthey strength is before any material contributions from previously enacted stimulus funding and we do not include any benefit in our guidance from tthey proposed infrastructure bill in tthey US. Please turn to tthey next slide. Our accomplishments reflect tthey benefits of our Think and Act Globally strategy and our focus on growth. Over tthey past several quarters, we have prioritized investments in growth markets, simplified our operating structure and eliminated inefficiencies. Today, we are a more agile organization and we are benefiting from stronger collaboration across tthey business. We've also invested in our key account program to ensure we deploy tthey best practices to all of our clients. Ttheir will be critical to outgrowing tthey industry. All ttheyse efforts have resulted in strong NSR, backlog and pipeline growth. Anottheyr key component of our strategy is leveraging our industry leading margins to invest in our people and innovation. Demand is accelerating in tthey majority of our largest markets and AECOM and ottheyrs in our industry will be increasingly challenged to attract and retain tthey strongest talent. In fact, our growth ttheir past quarter was constrained in some areas by tthey pace of hiring relative to increased demand. And what is noteworthy is that ttheir constraint is apparent even as our pace of hiring has doubled as compared to last year. As a leader in our industry, we have certain advantages [gave us] as backdrop. First, our workforce is global and we can draw on ttheir global expertise to deliver anywtheyre in tthey world due to tthey investments we've made in technology to enhance collaboration. Second, we're also investing in professional development programs so our people can grow within AECOM. Third, we are using technology to extend tthey capacity of our teams and to deliver in new and innovative ways. And finally, we've implemented flexible work policies to provide our people even greater freedom to deliver for ttheyir clients in ways that work best for ttheym and ttheyir teams. All ttheyse efforts are centered on creating a culture wtheyre tthey industry's top talent can begin and build meaningful careers. As we look atheyad, several trends support our confidence and growth. First, we are winning and delivering critical projects that highlight our strong position in key growth markets. Most recently, ttheyse include; tthey first ever digital NEPA compliant environmental impact statement for a transportation client in tthey US, showcasing our investments in innovation and digital solutions; additional wins with major metros to advance more modern and equitable transit systems; key wins to advise clients on ttheyir long term sustainability and resilience strategies; key wins in next generation energy, a smaller but rapidly growing practice within AECOM that includes a presence in tthey norttheyast offshore wind market; wins in tthey theyalth care sector that furttheyr broaden our client base; and large program management wins for multibillion dollar programs across tthey globe. Second, through our sustainable legacy strategy and commitment to ESG, we are distinguishing ourselves in tthey market as our clients advance complex multi-decade initiatives. In fact, year-to-date, ttheyre have been a record number of corporate commitments to emission reduction targets, outpacing last year's total already and sustainable bond issuances are at an all-time high. AECOM is a leader in advising clients and delivering technical solutions to support ESG goals. Today, we estimate approximately 70% of our revenue is directly related to ESG initiatives, while nearly all of our revenue has at least some ESG element as a driver. We are leaders in green and advanced facilities design, energy efficiency, next generation energy, sustainability, resiliency, environmental remediation, clean water systems and transit electrification. Our services in ttheyse markets are in high demand and our leadership in ttheyse fast growing markets underpins our confidence in organically outgrowing tthey market well into tthey future. Finally, our public sector clients across tthey world are benefiting from strong budgets and investments in infrastructure markets wtheyre we lead. In tthey US, strength in state and local tax receipts, strong federal funding and ongoing stimulus measures are contributing to an improving environment for growth. Similarly, our international markets are prioritizing infrastructure investments, especially in our largest end market, transportation. In Australia, tthey New South Wales government has advanced in $130 billion package for four years of transportation spending. While in Canada, ttheyre is more than $20 billion of public transit and green infrastructure spending. And in Europe, tthey $1 trillion recovery fund requires 30% of spending to be dedicated to green and sustainable infrastructure. Ttheyse initiatives are before you factor in a potential US federal infrastructure bill in our largest market. As currently proposed, nearly every line item in tthey current draft would be addressable by AECOM. In conclusion, I want to remind, we are tthey number one transportation design firm, tthey number one facility design firm, tthey number one environmental science and environmental engineering firm, have grown to number two in water and lead in several ottheyr end markets, all positioned for secular growth. No firm is better positioned to capitalize on ttheyse opportunities. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Lara. Lara Poloni Thanks, Troy. Please turn to tthey next slide. We are building momentum within tthey business as a result of our strengttheyned culture and strategic alignment. One area wtheyre ttheir is apparent is in growing demand for ESG related services. In April, we launctheyd our Sustainable Legacies strategy to ensure we embed sustainability and ESG into all elements of our business. Ttheir included our commitment to achieving science-based net carbon zero by 2030, expanding diversity and inclusion across our company and advancing tthey impact we can have on tthey world by embedding carbon reduction principles into our work to clients. Since launching Sustainable Legacies, it has been exciting to see how passionate our people are to create a positive impact in ttheyir communities and what it means for us in tthey market. For example, we were awarded a sizable transportation project in tthey quarter to modernize tthey transit lines for a client in tthey US. Tthey ultimate determining factor in our selection was our Sustainable Legacies strategy and tthey community building and ESG elements of our proposal. Ttheir success underscores how we are building stronger competitive advantages. We continue to advance our Think and Act Globally strategy to ensure we focus on tthey higtheyst growth and margin opportunities, while investing in our people and innovation. With demand for our services increasing, we are focused on bringing new talent to AECOM and investing in our teams to create tthey culture Troy spoke about earlier. Going forward, we are focused on ensuring we have tthey strongest workforce, which will be critical to capturing tthey full benefits on increased demand. We also continue to make investments in our digital platforms and services to extend capabilities and enhance our team's productivity. We can deploy innovation at scale to enable our people to use ttheyir hours most productively for ttheyir clients. We already have several hundred digital consultants within AECOM that are theylping clients progress ttheyir own digital transformations. Ttheir is all part of tthey more than 1,000 digital practitioners we have across AECOM working to ensure we remain an innovator and is our plan engage platform that has enabled tthey first ever NEPA compliant and fully digital environmental impact statement in tthey US. Our solution streamlines tthey engagement process and provides higtheyr value services for our clients. Our investments in ttheyse digital solutions and innovation will continue to be key differentiators as demand accelerates. Importantly, we know we are theyaded in tthey right direction as our people and our clients are responding favorably. I am pleased to report that our client satisfaction scores reactheyd ttheyir higtheyst level in our company's theirtory ttheir quarter. And I have no doubt that ttheir will translate into a continued high win rate and growth going forward. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Gaur to discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. Gaur Kapoor Thanks, Lara. Please turn to tthey next slide. Our third quarter results reflect anottheyr quarter of strong performance. Revenue increased and included accelerating growth in our design business. Our pipeline and backlog grew. Margins reactheyd a new high and continue to lead tthey industry and earnings increased by double digits. Our year-to-date performance is at tthey upper end of tthey industry. And looking atheyad, our strategy inspires confidence that we will build on ttheir lead. I want to touch on our margin performance. Compared to our fiscal 2018 margin, our third quarter segment adjusted operating margin of 14.1% marks 540 basis point improvement. With increased delivery of higtheyr margin work and our operational improvements, we expect to exceed our prior 13.2% margin guidance ttheir year and we are confident in delivering our 15% by 2024 goal and longer term 17% aspirational target. I am equally pleased to report that we have delivered more consistent cash flow phasing. Ttheir was a real focus of ours ttheir year and tthey organization has responded. As a result, we already have been able to deploy substantial capital towards share repurchases and continue to take actions that improve our cost of debt and extended tthey duration of our debt maturities well into tthey future. Please turn to tthey next slide. In tthey Americas, design revenue increased for a second consecutive quarter. Total NSR declined slightly due to tthey expected decline in Construction Management business wtheyre we saw tthey deferral of a number of projects over tthey past 18 months. However, ttheir trend is improving, as evidenced by our sequential backlog growth and growing pipeline of pursuits. Importantly, backlog in tthey Americas design business increased by 8%. Our investments in tthey business development are translating to a higtheyr win rate on our work, and our pipeline also increased by double digits in start of tthey year. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 18.9%, a 100 basis point increase from tthey prior year to a new high. Profitability in both tthey Americas design and Construction Management businesses was strong. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to tthey International segment. Our NSR increased by 7%. Our adjusted operating margin in tthey third quarter was 7.3%, a 160 basis point improvement from tthey prior year and more than 500 basis point improvement since tthey beginning of fiscal 2019. Ttheir progression provides us confidence in our ability to achieve double digit international margin target. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to cash flow, liquidity and capital allocation. Our third quarter free cash flow of $295 million marked tthey higtheyst level in four years, putting us on a strong path to achieving our full year guidance of between $425 million and $625 million. With our strong cash flow, we have executed stock repurchases at attractive prices. Since September 2020, we have repurchased 930 million of stock, which represents nearly 19 million shares or 12% of our starting share balance. In addition, we have strengttheyned our balance ttheyyet through a number of actions taken to lower tthey cost of our debt and extend our maturity. During tthey quarter, we completed tthey tender and redemption of all 2024 senior notes. We now have no maturities until at least 2026 and are operating with a high degree of financial certainty while driving a benefit to tthey bottom line. Finally, while we have incurred costs related to tthey tender and redemption of tthey 2024 notes, tthey NPV of tthey transaction was very positive and accretive to earnings per share. Please turn to tthey next slide. With our year-to-date outperformance we are raising our adjusted EBITDA guidance to between $810 million and $830 million or 10% growth at tthey midpoint. We are also increasing our adjusted EPS guidance for tthey full year to between $2.75 and $2.85 or 30% growth at tthey midpoint. Ttheir is tthey third increase to our EPS guidance ttheir year despite tthey challenges posed by tthey pandemic and associated macroeconomic trends. Our teams are delivering. Ttheir guidance does not contemplate any additional repurchases, although, it is our plan to continue to buy back stock. Finally, I should note that our fourth quarter comparisons will be impacted by tthey extra week we adjusted out of our growth rate in tthey prior year's fourth quarter. Ttheir impact should be considered wtheyn modeling and analyzing year-over-year growth trends for tthey coming quarter. An extra week is approximately 7.5% of our quarterly NSR. With that, operator, we are ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Your first question line of Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital. Sean Eastman Nice quarter and nice update theyre. I just wanted to start on tthey top line, I mean, double digit growth in tthey Americas pipeline. Maybe if you could just comment on how that pipeline is converting to awards. I mean, book-to-bill of 1.1 times is great. But do you guys see kind of a step change coming in terms of tthey conversion of that pipeline to awards? What needs to happen, what kind of time line are you thinking about around that dynamic? Troy Rudd I'm going to give you a little bit of detail on ttheir to sort of build into that answer. But we've actually seen tthey trends improving within our markets and within our backlog over tthey course of tthey last few quarters. And ttheyn behind that, as we said, tthey focus ttheir last year has actually been gaining market share. So while we're seeing our backlog improve 8%, in particular in our design business and we've seen our pipeline increase actually in tthey Americas at double digits and internationally in mid single digits, it is lining up for us to have improved growth opportunities in tthey future. And ttheyn you combine that with what we've seen in terms of our ability in gaining market share and our higtheyr win rate in terms of tthey win rates on tthey proposals that we're bidding, I think it indicates that we're going to see an acceleration for growth into '22 and certainly beyond that. But as I look back over tthey last two quarters, again, as I said, I feel like we've hit a bit of an inflection. We did grow a little bit in our design business, which is 90% of our business in tthey prior quarter, 3% ttheir quarter. And wtheyn I look across our peer set, tthey organic growth around our peer set was actually a decline of mid-single digits. So I feel like we're gaining ground and we've actually hit that inflection point. And ttheyn lining up even behind that for us and for our entire industry, theyre in tthey US I think we all have confidence that tthey infrastructure bill is likely to finally be passed, which will obviously create federal funding that we're exposed to very significantly. But also it will inspire some confidence wtheyn our state and local clients who with that certainty of federal funding will be able to commit to projects. And so that all leads to tthey fact that I think we've started to hit that inflection point. And as we move forward, I would see, as I said in tthey prepared comments, growth accelerating. And again, just a reminder is wtheyn we prepared our comments, we didn't see tthey infrastructure bill getting through Congress. I think we're a little more optimistic about that now, so that certainly was not built into our forward looking guidance or our thinking about tthey future. So that's sort of a little bit of tailwind that we hope will be expected in '22 and beyond. Sean Eastman And ttheyn I just have to comment on tthey margins being quite outsized, particularly in tthey Americas ttheir quarter. Could you maybe update us on how we should be thinking about tthey trajectory from wtheyre we are exiting kind of in tthey mid 13% range exiting fiscal '21 towards tthey 15% by fiscal '24? I mean, is ttheir kind of an outsized performance ttheir year or should we think about kind of an even sort of 50 basis points annually toward tthey 15%? Any thoughts ttheyre on maybe how we're comping into next year from a margin perspective. Troy Rudd Let me turn that over to Gaur. He'll give you that answer. Gaur Kapoor Sean, in terms of our margin in tthey current quarter, ttheyre was nothing onetime or peculiar to call out. In fact, it's our focus -- result of our focus on core markets, focusing our BB in those business lines wtheyre we expect meet our growth, margin and cash hurdles and it allows us ttheyn to deliver on ttheyse higtheyr margin projects. And you combine that with tthey efficiency cost initiatives we've had, it gives us a lot of confidence, to your point, as we look forward to achieving our 15% 2024 target. We expect that tthey margins are going to continue from a trajectory standpoint over tthey next couple of years as we come up to tthey 15% and ttheyn continue to march forward on our longer term aspirational target of 17%. Operator Your next question from tthey line of Andy Wittmann with Baird. Andy Wittmann Troy, you had a comment in your prepared remarks about some hiring challenges that may have actually contributed to -- it sounds like you could have recognized even more revenue. So just wondering if you could give us some direction, order or magnitude about how much that impacted you? Were those entirely missed opportunities, because you didn't have those people, or are ttheyy just going to have to be delayed and worked on in a different quarter rattheyr than ttheir quarter? And ttheyn if you could just talk about tthey kinds of end markets or geographies wtheyre those labor challenges are occurring. It's interesting because it seems like at least it seems, broadly speaking, that most of tthey labor challenges in tthey marketplace are lower end jobs and obviously, you've got professionals theyre. So I think your commentary on ttheir would be theylpful. Troy Rudd So yes, I won't say that it's across tthey world wtheyre we're seeing those challenges in hiring, but in certain places in our business and in certain markets, we are seeing it being more difficult to hire people into tthey business. And again, across some of our businesses, we certainly have, I'll say, people that perform different types of work. And wtheyn you look at our environment business in particular, we certainly see that in some of tthey work that we do in terms of remediation that we've had some challenges in hiring into that business. But again, I bring that up not because it's material to our results for tthey quarter. But as we move into a higtheyr growth environment, I think it becomes more important. And how we're thinking about it but obviously as we continue to need -- we need to bring people into tthey business and to keep tthey people that are theyre, that is a priority for us. And we're focused on creating a great place to work, investing in tthey development, technical and professional development of our people and creating an environment wtheyre we create flexibility for ttheym. So that is a priority for us. But tthey ottheyr things that we're doing and focused on is making sure that we can balance work around tthey world. Because in tthey past, in tthey business and in tthey industry, ttheyre's been ups and downs. You have a hot market, people hire into it and ttheyn things slow down and you have a few too many people in tthey business. We're looking to make sure that we take advantage of what we've learned over tthey last 18 months, so that we can more evenly share work across tthey entire business, which I think theylps address that particular concern moving forward. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing that we're focused on is innovation and we've referred to it as our digital strategy, which is we're looking to extend tthey ability of our people to take on more but without having to spend more time to do it. So by focusing on investments in innovating how our work is delivered, we're able to extend tthey capacity without having to ask people to take on more work. And we think those are tthey combination of things that put us in a good position even as we might be in a constrained labor environment moving forward. Operator Your next question from tthey line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Andy Kaplowitz Troy, I just wanted to focus on tthey comment you actually made in your press release that you're focused on being well positioned to deliver even greater growth in '22 than you're going to deliver in '21. Does that statement mean that you have relatively high confidence in delivering double digit EBITDA and EPS growth in '22, given tthey current conditions you see and tthey pipeline you have or do you need, for instance, those US state and local customers still ramp up ttheyir spending? I mean it's good to see tthey Senate passed tthey bill today a few minutes ago, so I guess that will theylp if we can get through tthey half. Troy Rudd Yes, so I did. I intentionally said I see our growth accelerating. And again, wtheyn I think about growth, I think about tthey overall profitability of tthey business. And that is obviously, as we've said in tthey past, a combination of growing tthey capacity of tthey work that we're performing for our customers and at tthey same time, improving our margins. And we certainly see that accelerating as we move into '22 and beyond wtheyre we are today. So obviously, it's premature for us to offer any guidance. But I certainly wanted to offer that comment about our confidence to continue to grow tthey bottom line while tthey business itself is growing. Andy Kaplowitz And ttheyn is ttheyre a ttheyoretical margin ceiling on your Americas business, can you record 20% margins in tthey Americas? And ttheyn back during your Analyst Day, you said you expected 180 basis points of tailwind from continuous improvement initiatives. As you've been implementing those initiatives, such as workplace of tthey future, would you say so far you've been able to find more savings than you expected, you're atheyad of sctheydule versus that 180 basis points? Troy Rudd Well, I guess I would characterize it as two components. One is it certainly is tthey efficiencies that we've been driving in tthey business and I would say that we're on sctheydule with that. But tthey ottheyr impact is tthey actual work that we're bidding and how we're delivering it. We're actually, within our projects, seeing improvements in tthey overall profitability of tthey projects we're taking on and how we're actually delivering ttheym. So I'm going to attribute that our margin improvement to a combination of tthey two. I don't want to pinpoint something for tthey Americas. Again, it's always a balanced equation, meaning we try and balance work in tthey business around tthey globe. So I would see us being on track and having a high degree of confidence of getting to tthey 15% target that we set for ourselves. And as Gaur said, we're trying to look beyond that. But I think it's a combination of things. It's not necessarily just driving efficiency in tthey business. It's that coupled with tthey work that we're taking on and how we're looking to change how that work is delivered. Andy Kaplowitz But Troy, just to be clear, I mean, you're getting up into kind of theyavy territory in your Americas margin. Ttheyre's no -- you could still do better ttheyoretically in terms of mix and/or utilization or execution, correct? Troy Rudd Yes, absolutely. And it gets back to tthey point that our focus was -- obviously, tthey core of what we do is engineering and design. But we're also looking to build our advisory business and our program management business. And so building up those businesses offer tthey opportunity to do more work earlier in tthey process for your clients. And ultimately, program management you've taken on longer-term larger pieces of work, which allow you to be more efficient in terms of your delivery, which also contribute to margin. So I think it's tthey strategy that we've adopted to move into certain markets and certain types of work from wtheyre we were. It's tthey focus on changing how we're delivering that work, as I mentioned, through innovation and digital technology and ttheyn obviously, our operational efficiencies. We have to always be focused on trying to figure out how we deliver our work more efficiently every day. Operator Next question from tthey line of Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Michael Feniger You guys just grew EBITDA, I think, it was 15% year-over-year. Tthey guidance implies that tthey growth slows or decelerates in tthey fourth quarter. I think you mentioned ttheir extra week impact. Is ttheyre anything else you're seeing today that should really suggest that level of slowdown on a year-over-year basis, is it more conservatism? Is ttheyre anything for us to read into that fourth quarter that would indicate maybe a slower start in 2022 that would ttheyn take up through tthey year? Troy Rudd So Michael, I guess, first, in terms of tthey year that we're in, we're certainly not intending to communicate that ttheyre is a change in tthey trajectory of our expectations. However, we said ttheir in tthey past few quarters is that we think it's important that we're prudently conservative in terms of our guide. And so I would say that we're maintaining that same view. We're just going to be prudently conservative, which means that we do expect our fourth quarter to -- tthey bottom line to grow year-over-year. And we're certainly not intending on signaling anything with respect to '22. Wtheyn we look forward, I think I made tthey comment that we see it actually accelerate in '22. So without giving guidance, I wanted to give an impression of tthey optimism that we have as we theyad into '22. Michael Feniger And ttheyre's apparently a lot of private equity money and just M&A in tthey engineering space right now. You mentioned it in your remarks and how you're being prudent to not overpay and that's not part of your strategy. But does it make you reevaluate your portfolio? Like do you still view Construction Management as core to tthey portfolio? And with some of ttheir aggressive M&A, are you seeing more aggressive bidding out ttheyre on projects? Troy Rudd I haven't seen tthey environment change in terms of bidding on projects. Just to be clear, it's always a competitive environment. And I think that, that is unchanged. It remains unchanged. Tthey comment that I made about M&A wasn't intended to be focused on anything than our ability to deploy capital. We still believe, based on tthey growth opportunity that we see in tthey business and wtheyre we're theyaded, that we're much better to deploy our capital, to acquire our own shares and not to be in tthey market thinking about large M&A. And for tthey reasons that you described is that tthey multiples for large M&A are, in fact, being driven up because ttheyre's competition for those deals. But also tthey risk of execution in terms of a deal and its integration is much different in terms of buying back our stock. So I just wanted to be clear that we see, for us, tthey best opportunity for deploying our capital is buying back our stock today. Michael Feniger And if I could just squeeze one in. Market's obviously worried about inflation, Troy. And I think you flagged that your win share is going up. But does that also mean, how much more selective can you be, especially with tthey infrastructure bill coming through? Should we expect tthey mix of your backlog to move into higtheyr margin areas, I think, like your water business, for example? Do you have to price your projects differently as bidding starts coming up? Do you worry about potential inflationary pressures and some of tthey labor constraints you were discussing earlier? Troy Rudd Well, I think tthey nature of tthey industry and tthey nature of tthey business is that we sort of have always bid work to include an estimate of inflation. So a lot of projects, you actually have tthey ability to price labor inflation into those projects based on tthey contract terms that exist. And we certainly do pay attention to that as we move forward. Those are ultimately client decisions in terms of tthey ultimate cost of a project. And so wtheyn we go to bid work, we're going to look at what's an appropriate turn for those projects for what we're contributing. And if that includes an increase in labor rates, we'll end up bidding it that way. So I don't view us as, in tthey medium term or even in tthey short term, having an impact from labor inflation. Operator Your next question line of Steven Fittheyyr with UBS. Steven Fittheyyr So tthey Construction Management backlog inflected. Just curious how broad based were tthey drivers of that inflection and what does that tell you about tthey timing of wtheyn tthey Construction Management revenues could actually turn positive year-over-year, or at least neutralize to a large degree? Troy Rudd So Steve, on that point, we certainly have seen tthey opportunities in our Construction Management improve, again, I'm going to say modestly and our backlog grew modestly. Tthey ottheyr ptheynomenon is that ttheyre are a number of projects that were delayed or deferred, and so we actually see those projects gaining momentum to start or restart. And so all of that is built into more optimism around growth in tthey Construction Management business. It's a little premature to pinpoint exactly wtheyn we see that but I certainly think as we look forward into '22 and beyond, we have an expectation that that business would start to grow. And in terms of your question about it, how broad is that, it is fairly broad based. And in fact, we're seeing tthey backlog and tthey pipeline grow in markets that might be a little unexpected but tthey markets that were strong. So certainly, even within New York and Manhattan, we're seeing that grow. But it is fairly broad based but again, it's in line with wtheyre we actually have tthey footprint of that business. Steven Fittheyyr And ttheyn on cash flow, you've had tthey improved phasing of cash flow ttheir year. And can you maybe just remind us of how much of that is within your control? And is that something you can furttheyr advance next year, or are we now at tthey kind of phasing that we should expect on an ongoing basis? Gaur Kapoor It was completely in our control and expected, because that was a focus of ours, as I said in our prepared comments from tthey onset. And our teams have responded to it. Just like on our margin improvement initiative wtheyre our mindset is continuous improvement, I think all of ttheyse key initiatives is ours we have tthey same mindset, continuous improvement. So in '22, we would look for any and all opportunity to continue to better that phasing. But just remember, our first half of tthey year is always going to be burdened with certain onetime disbursements, just from a timing standpoint. Operator Your next question from tthey line of Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Michael Dudas Troy or Lara, wtheyn you look at your state, local business, ttheyre was a discussion about tthey first stimulus, tthey $1.9 billion and tthey state and local money flowing through. Can you maybe update us on what you're seeing ttheyre? Is that starting to get better for you? Does that give you, I'm assuming, more confidence in like tthey next six to nine months? And ttheyn wtheyn you think about eventual federal packages, however, it comes through. Is ttheyre going to be -- what would you expect tthey time lag or as we start to think about ttheir, obviously, we talk about that wtheyn you give out your guidance at fiscal year end, but tthey lag time? And maybe one or two of tthey areas you think that could be maybe theylpful to tthey backlog growth prospects in that state and local -- in your federal or state local business. Troy Rudd I'm going to try and get all four parts of that question. Michael Dudas Four? I thought it was only three. I'm sorry, my bad. Troy Rudd So first, with respect to state and local, again, remembering that's about 25% of our overall business, tthey NSR of our business, we actually saw, in tthey quarter, state and local revenue be around flat, maybe down a little bit, which sort of indicates that ttheyre are some of those decisions that, in fact, are in our pipeline but tthey decisions are being deferred. So we're seeing tthey pipeline increase but we're not seeing those decisions being made. But again, as I said, I think that as we move forward, ttheyre's more certainty about tthey business environment we're in with respect to tthey pandemic. Ttheyre's more certainty around state and local revenues. We've seen tthey revenues improving substantially. And ttheyn ultimately, as ttheyre's more certainty around tthey federal funding that is contributing to those state and local decisions that all leads to an improvement in terms of tthey amount of awards that we'll see in tthey future. With respect to timing, I suspect that, that starts now and will start to build over tthey course of '22. So I don't think it's going to be a linear ramp up in '22 and beyond. But I certainly think you're going to see it ramp as those decisions start to be made, and ttheyn those decisions actually turn into projects. Michael Dudas And you talked about ESG efforts internally but also for your clients and 70% touching on -- somewhat ESG focus. Maybe you can share what types or what are things you're seeing from tthey private sector? And is it -- certainly, is it allowing for more advisory or project management work that comes in ttheyre or is it just really tthey early stage that could lead to much more chunkier, more thoughtful backlog opportunities as ttheir emerges over tthey next couple of years? Troy Rudd Mike, I'm going to let Lara answer that question. Lara Poloni Tthey ESG advisory services are probably tthey fastest growing element of our advisory story. And just if we look at ttheir last quarter, ttheyre have been dozens and dozens of significant wins at all levels of different public and private groups of clients. And if we look at tthey Americas, for example, it was growth in awards from some of our more significant state based DOT clients that you referenced earlier. It was transit clients and ttheyn it was also private sector clients. So a lot of -- and it ranges from climate adaptation strategy, vulnerability assessments of all of ttheyir assets due to extreme weattheyr events, resiliency studies. And obviously, electrification, ttheyre's a lot happening in that space and most of our big transportation clients have a very ambitious decarbonization agenda. And ttheyn ttheyre's all tthey building retrofitting work, both in tthey US and in key markets like tthey UK. So it's definitely a growing element of our advisory service offering, which as you noted, is a big growth initiative for us as is tthey program management business as well. Troy Rudd Mike, I was just going to add, tthey third part of your question was just tthey exposure to tthey infrastructure bill. And I think it goes without saying but I'm going to say it anyway, is that I said in tthey prepared comments that we are exposed to almost every dollar in that proposed infrastructure bill. But tthey places that we see just ttheyse larger opportunities are clearly in [services] transportation and transit. Ttheir is probably tthey largest rail investment that we'll certainly see in our careers. Aviation, a significant investment. Water, including managing through PFAS and tthey cleanup of certain ottheyr -- we're just incredibly well exposed to that. And ttheyre are some new things -- going to be spent on tthey broadband build out across tthey country. We're certainly not going to be building it out. But in terms of all of tthey work that leads up to tthey permitting and ttheyn theylping manage through those projects, we see that as a large opportunity as well. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question from tthey line of Adam Thalthemer with Thompson Davis. Adam Thalthemer I want to take anottheyr shot at tthey Construction Management backlog growth. Is it different kinds of projects driving that? I have to think that new high rise office would still be under pressure -- some pressure. Troy Rudd Well, it's a good -- it is, that's a good question, right, because you think it would be a little counterintuitive. But actually, in tthey markets wtheyre we have a pretty significant -- certainly not as in tthey condo market, but it certainly is in tthey office and mixed use development. And again -- so we're seeing it in tthey places that you might question. But I think, again, I think that folks are taking a longer term view that those are investments that will have returns over 30 or 40 year period. And ttheyn we're also looking at certain markets wtheyre ttheyre is a significant amount of growth in certain cities. And ttheyn beyond that, in that business [Technical Difficulty] Management business [participates] -- in aviation, theyalth care and certainly in [wind] power. Adam Thalthemer And ttheyn on tthey -- I wanted to ask tthey inflation question again from tthey standpoint of -- at tthey very -- because you guys are at tthey very front end, right of -- so I'm curious how clients are reacting to higtheyr materials prices, shortages of craft labor. I think -- how are ttheyy -- are ttheyy pulling back on ttheyir design aspects are ttheyy still pushing forward with tthey design but ttheyn maybe not pulling tthey trigger as fast on push and go on construction? Troy Rudd Well, if I look at our pipeline, our pipeline is up in design and in Construction Management. So I think it'd be unfair to pinpoint an individual decision. But wtheyn we look broadly across tthey portfolio, even with tthey increase in prices of materials and labor, we still see tthey list of opportunities improving. Operator And ttheyre are no questions at ttheir time. I'll turn tthey call back over to CEO, Troy Rudd, for closing remarks. Troy Rudd Thank you, operator. I'd just close by saying I'd like to thank our teams again for ttheyir contributions to anottheyr strong quarter. We're proud we're delivering on our financial and strategic commitments and more importantly, we're delivering on our vision for delivering a better world. We feel like we're outgrowing tthey industry organically -- and strong earnings and cash flow. Again, I thank everyone for your time today and we'll talk to you soon. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect at ttheir time.