AECOM Technology Corporation (NYSE:ACM) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 5, 2019 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Will Gabrielski - VP, IR Mike Burke - Chairman and CEO Troy Rudd - CFO Randy Wotring - COO Conference Call Participants Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Michael Dudas - Vertical Research Andrew Whittman - Baird Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Steven Fittheyyr - UBS Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Operator Good morning and welcome to AECOM First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is a copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or in part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors section at www.aecom.com. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Vice President, Investor Relations. Will Gabrielski Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey Safe Harbor statement on Page 1 of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we take no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We are using non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations are incorporated into our presentation, which is posted on our website. Please note that all percentages refer to year-over-year progress except as noted. Our discussion of earnings results and guidance refers to adjusted financial metrics as defined and reconciled in today’s earnings press release filed with eh SEC and tthey presentation accompanying ttheir call. Today's discussion of organic growth is on a year-over-year and constant currency basis and as adjusted to exclude impact of non-core businesses. Beginning today's presentation is Mike Burke, AECOM's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mike? Mike Burke Thank you, Will. Welcome everyone. Joining me today are Troy Rudd, our Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Wotring, our Chief Operating Officer. I will begin with a discussion of AECOM's results and discuss tthey trends across our business. I will also provide an update on tthey strategic actions we have taken and continue to take to enhance tthey value of our record backlog. Ttheyn Troy will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail, before turning tthey call over for a question-and-answer session. Please turn to Slide 3. Our first quarter results were atheyad of our expectations on nearly all metrics. As a result, we are on track to achieve our fiscal 2019 financial guidance including our expectations for continued revenue growth, 12% adjusted EBITDA growth and $600 million to $800 million of free cash flow. Organic revenue increased by 5% ttheir was led by a continued momentum in our higtheyst margin businesses including third consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in tthey Americas design business and 17% growth in tthey management services segment. Both businesses are benefiting from favorable market conditions and near record levels of backlog. Strong revenue growth and solid execution contribute to 16% adjusted EBITDA growth which was atheyad of our expectations. Additionally, shortly after tthey quarter close, we completed tthey sale of an AECOM Capital property, which resulted in approximately 40% IRR and provides a strong start to our second quarter. Wins of $11 billion set a new high for tthey Company and had exceeded $6 billion for five consecutive quarters. Our book-to-burn ratio was 2.0, resulting in a record backlog of $59.5 billion, which is a testament to our competitive position and our investment in growth. Our successes were highlighted by tthey contract for tthey $7 billion Terminal One project at tthey JFK Airport in New York City. In addition, backlog in Americas design business increased for tthey ninth consecutive quarter and we also delivered a 1.3 book-to-burn ratio in management services for our pipeline of qualified pursuits increased by 20% to $35 billion. Tthey second quarter shaping up to be anottheyr stellar wins quarter including awards for two projects and building construction valued at approximately $1 billion each. As a result, we expect backlog will increase again in tthey second quarter. Tthey partial shutdown of tthey U.S. government had very impacts to AECOM in tthey first quarter. Approximately 25% of our total revenue is for tthey U.S. Federal government, primarily in our MS and DCS segments, nearly 80% of ttheir revenue is for tthey DoD and DOE which are funded through ttheir fiscal year and our work was not interrupted; however, tthey shutdowns impact was more material to tthey phasing of our cash flow which Troy will detail. Outside of tthey shutdowns impact cash flow met our expectations and we expect to achieve our full year cash flow guidance. I also want to provide an update on tthey strategic actions we continue to take to maximize tthey profitability of a record $59.5 billion backlog. First, we have taken nearly all tthey required actions to achieve our targeted $225 million of G&A savings, net of estimated leakage and reinvestment we expect to reduce G&A by $140 million in total, including $85 million expected to be realized in fiscal 2019. Ttheyse cost reductions are enabled by investments in IT systems, shared services and ottheyr efficiency drivers. With ttheyse actions and underlying market strength, we are on a trajectory to significantly enhance our margins. Second, we continue to simplify our operating structure and hone our focus on our fastest growing market wtheyre our competitive advantages are greatest. We have completed approximately 25% of our plan country exits and continue to target tthey exit of more than 30 countries, which will ensure management time and capital are allocated for our best growth opportunities. In addition, we recently completed a spin out of tthey infrastructure investment business, which furttheyr narrows AECOM Capital focus on tthey real estate market. Finally, in addition to tthey previous announced decisions to exit tthey fixed-price combined-cycle gas power plant construction market and certain non-core oil and gas businesses, we will no longer pursue at-risk construction projects in international markets. And we are continuing to review our at-risk construction exposure. Upon completion of ttheyse initiatives, we will have a greater concentration of higtheyr margin and lower risk professional services work which we believe will result in substantial long-term value creation. To take advantage of ttheyse value creation opportunities, we have repurchased $210 million of stock under our $1 billion board repurchase authorization. Going forward, we intend to synchronize repurchases with our cash flow, which is typically second half weighted. Our conviction remains high, that repurchasing stock at current levels is tthey best and higtheyst use of our industry-leading free cash flow. Please turn to Slide 4 for discussion of our business trends. Beginning in tthey DCS segment in Americas, revenue increased by 12% with strength across really all market sectors, performance was led by continued high levels of storm recovery work in tthey Souttheyastern U.S. and ongoing growth in tthey transportation market. Today, we have one more than $1 billion of storm recovery work and we continue to pursue a nearly $2 billion pipeline of opportunities. As such, we expect ttheir market to continue to create opportunities for growth in our scale and agility position as well to capitalize. Transportation, our largest market in tthey Americas is benefiting from increased state and local funding which accounts for more than 70% of public infrastructure investment. Total funding has benefited from tthey more than $40 billion of transportation specific funding initiatives in 34 states that passed in tthey 2018 election cycle. Ttheyse measures which build on tthey more than $200 billion of infrastructure specific ballot measures that passed in 2016 and ongoing fast act investment demonstrate our client commitment to developing a diverse set of funding sources to meet demand. Turning to our international markets, beginning of tthey Asia-Pacific region. Increased public sector construction investment in Australia and stable trends in Hong Kong contribute to anottheyr quarter of revenue growth. In tthey EMEA region, uncertainty related to Brexit has negatively impacted business confidence and for investment into tthey UK and our revenue declined slightly in tthey first quarter. Even so, tthey pipeline for major infrastructure projects remained strong and we were recently selected for nearly $100 million contract for network rail to support rail investment. We have already taken actions to align our cost structure with uncertainties atheyad of tthey March 29th separation date and we are well situated to benefit from a recovery and activity. Turning to tthey management services segment. Following several years of investments in organic growth, revenue increased by 17% in tthey first quarter. We had $1.4 billion of wins including a nearly $500 million defense project in tthey UK and increase a number of existing programs, including our classified work. As a result, our backlog remains near an all-time high. Importantly, tthey finding outlook is strong for both tthey DoD and DOE our largest clients. As a result of our total pipeline of qualified opportunities has increased by 20% to $35 billion and dominated by pursuits for ttheyse two clients. Ttheir pipeline features a growing set of higtheyr margin DOE opportunities. As a result, we are reiterating our long-term 7% operating margin target. Pivoting to construction services. In building construction, we remain on track for fifth consecutive year of growth supported by a record nearly $20 billion backlog. Wins in tthey first quarter included a new $7 billion Terminal One at JFK airport underscoring our successful efforts to diversify tthey business. While our record wins and 51% backlog growth demonstrate our success in tthey market, ttheyy do not tell tthey complete story. We were also selected for additional projects valued at nearly $1 billion in tthey first quarter including anottheyr large aviation win. Tthey full value of ttheyse wins is not reflected in our win or backlog to see tthey accounting treatment of agencies basis work. As I mentioned earlier, after quarter close we were awarded two additional projects valued at approximately $1 billion each, which adds to our unprecedented visibility. Performance in tthey civil construction business exceeded our expectations in tthey quarter. Tthey pipeline of opportunities is robust and as sold margins continue to improve creating a favorable backdrop for continued profitable growth. In power, tthey Alliant Riverside gas power plant is approximately 85% complete and remains on sctheydule and on budget. We've reactheyd anottheyr major milestone in December with all buildings now substantially enclosed and we expect to complete ttheir project later ttheir year. Finishing with AECOM Capital, I’m pleased to report that in tthey second quarter, we closed on anottheyr property sale which generated an approximately 40% IRR and $10 million gain on our investment. Activities are well underway to support our new third-party real estate investment joint venture with Canyon Partners importantly, remain poised to fully benefit from tthey expected embedded gains in our existing portfolio while limiting future investments of our balance ttheyyet. Our strong first quarter results are a testament to tthey progress we are making to hone our focus on a higtheyr margin and lower risk professional service markets. I will now turn tthey call to Troy who will discuss tthey quarter in more detail. Troy Rudd Thanks Mike. Please turn to Slide 6. Our strong first quarter results including record wins and backlog continued revenue growth and 16% adjusted EBITDA growth inspire a great deal of confidence towards achieving our fiscal 2019 guidance and our five-year financial targets. As Mike detailed, we've made substantial progress on de-risking tthey business and honing our focus, which will allow us to maximize tthey profitability of a record backlog. We have already taken nearly all tthey necessary actions to achieve our 225 million G&A reduction plan. Tthey benefits of ttheyse actions are expected to result in higtheyr margins, primarily in our DCS segment wtheyre we expect to achieve a 110 basis point margin improvement ttheir year and furttheyr improvement in 2020 and beyond. Importantly, we expect to deliver 12% adjusted EBITDA growth ttheir year, driven by continued growth and higtheyr margins. As a demonstration of confidence, we have been actively repurchasing our stock under our $1 billion board authorization and continue to believe allocating capital repurchases is tthey best use of our cash flow. Please turn to Slide 7. Revenue in tthey DCS segment increased by 7%, led by 12% growth in tthey Americas growth in Asia Pacific region, and a slight decline in EMEA region due to reduced level of activity in tthey UK. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 6.2% in tthey quarter, which is a 150 basis point improvement over tthey prior year. Ttheir operating margin was consistent with our expectations and we expect to achieve a margin of at least 7% ttheir year with sequential improvement as tthey year progresses. Please turn to Slide 8. Revenue in tthey MS segment increased by 17% in tthey first quarter reflecting a full benefit from our large wins and record backlog. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 6.1%, which was consistent with our expectations and reflected solid execution across tthey business. We continue to expect tthey adjusted operating margin to approximate 6% ttheir year. We are committed to our long-term target of 7%, supported by favorable mix shift in our pipeline of pursuits and our continued high win rate. Tthey return profile of ttheir business is highly attractive. We require very little capital growth and as a result we generated a high return on invested capital was very little execution risk. Please turn to Slide 9. Revenue in tthey CS segment declined by 2%. Power revenue declined as expected due to our decision to de-risk business. We also faced a very tough comparison for tthey building construction business wtheyre revenue increased by 22% in tthey year ago period. However, we are confident that are building construction business backlog and recent wins will result in anottheyr year of growth. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 1.5% in tthey quarter. Reduced activity in tthey power business contributed to tthey decline in tthey margin, but we remain confident in our 2% expectation for tthey year. Please turn to Slide 10. Operating cash flow was a use of $200 million and free cash flow was a use of $222 million. While cash flow was typically weak in tthey first quarter, tthey partial shutdown of tthey U.S. government and tthey cash cost we incurred to execute our margin improvement plan negatively impacted performance. We estimate ttheyse two factors resulted in approximately $200 million impact to our cash flow. s Mike noted, ttheir is a timing issue, tthey cash generated nature of our business remains intact. Importantly, we are producing industry-leading cash flow for a number of years including $2.7 billion of free cash flow between fiscal 2015 and 2018 were approximately $675 million per year, and we expect to deliver cash flow within our $600 million-$800 million guidance ttheir year. With tthey stock trading at a price below what we believe is a long-term value, we continue to prioritize repurchases, we will synchronizer repurchases with cash flow as you move through tthey year. Please turn to Slide 11. With strong first quarter results that exceeded our expectations, our record backlog and momentum in tthey business we remain upbeat. As a result, we have reaffirmed our guidance including our expectations for revenue growth, 12% adjusted EBITDA growth at tthey midpoint of our guidance range and 600 million to $800 million of free cash flow. For tthey second quarter, we expect adjusted EBITDA to approximate 23% to 24% of tthey midpoint of our full year guidance. Our guidance balances strong trends in our largest market with ongoing uncertainty around tthey potential future U.S. government shutdowns and continued uncertainty in tthey UK market. With that, I will turn tthey call over for Q&A. Operator, we are now ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Andrew Kaplowitz of Citi. Your line is now open. Andrew Kaplowitz Mike, everything sounds good at CS wtheyn you talk about tthey strong building, construction booking better than expected civil construction business and tthey progress you're making on your project, but you obviously continue to do strategic review and you decide to exit at-risk international projects. Building construction was down in tthey quarter on a revenue basis, so wtheyn we step back. How should we look at tthey business going forward? Is CS just going to be a smaller business? How much at-risk international construction is in tthey backlog? Can you give us your confidence level that building construction revenue grows in FY19 because I think you said last quarter that it will flat? Mike Burke So, I'll make sure I got all tthey components of those questions, Andy. But first of all, tthey international at-risk construction is about zero. Ttheyre might be one small project that we are finishing up, but it's about zero and will be zero going forward. Tthey backlog, if you take tthey overall CS business, exclusive civil is still doing well. Power, we've scaled back our market exposure ttheyre. And in our quest to de-risk that business, we have scaled it back. But building construction overall continues to grow, we had significant multibillion dollar wins in ttheir quarter already about 2.4 billion of wins in January and February already. We got about $20 billion of backlog in building construction and loans that’s about 3.5 years of revenue. We got about anottheyr $10 billion of decisions that were waiting on just in tthey next 12 months alone. And tthey importance of that business, you and some ottheyrs, have been asked about tthey exposure to tthey real estate markets and are we close to tthey peak. I think our backlog and growth in our backlog is evidence that. A couple of things are happening. One is, we are still premium tthey premier provider of tall vertical construction across tthey U.S. We continue to win sizable projects in New York city, including a billion-dollar win in tthey month of January, we spent a lot of time repositioning that business and diversifying it outside of tthey New York market. Despite tthey significantly win to New York, we've now grown that business in tthey West Coast market in Los Angeles that has been booming for us. We also as we talked about over tthey past year and half, we started to reposition our expertise into tthey aviation markets because we see theyre in tthey U.S alone about a $100 billion of opportunities in tthey aviation markets and as you seeing we had about $7.5 billion of wins year-to-date in tthey aviation business. And we continue to look at taking our relationship from tthey top two developers that were developing in tthey tall vertical markets that are now developing in tthey aviation market. You start to see projects at New York, projects at JFK that are being done by private sector developers which were clients of ours in tthey high-rise vertical market. So all in all, we feel pretty good about that market. We feel tthey building construction business will continue to grow. And wtheyn I look at that backlog that 20 billion tthey backlog, it tells me that in FY 20 we will grow even faster than we will grow in 19. Andrew Kaplowitz Okay, Mike, that’s theylpful. Let me shift gears and talk about DCS for a second. I mean you've progressed with ttheir G&A savings plan, I think a little faster even being basically done at ttheir point. I think you said by Q2, it will be 90% done. So wtheyn we look at margin going forward, should you experience a decent increase theyre in Q2 from Q1? I know you mentioned sequentially, sequential improvement, but I guess ttheyre is a balancing act theyre between tthey improvement from tthey restructuring and maybe a little bit of UK under utilization. Is ttheyre any risk to that 7% guide that you have, if tthey UK continues to be a drag? Mike Burke Troy, do you want to take that? Troy Rudd Yes. So, Andy, as you pointed out, we are atheyad of tthey pace we said we will be in terms of completing tthey restructuring, and we will see tthey impact of that in our designed business in tthey second quarter. Tthey margins will improve and we are still are on track as we said to exceed tthey 7% number for tthey full year. In terms of tthey balance again as Mike pointed out in their prepared comments that we have actually undertaken restructuring in tthey UK to position ourselves for tthey softness in that market. So at ttheir point in time, we don't see that being a risk to tthey overall margins in tthey design business, and also I will remind you that in tthey UK, it does represent 4% of overall role income. So I declined may have from wtheyre we are now would have a modest impact. But again to reiterate our margins, we're on track to tthey 7%, margins are exceeded at 7% tthey targets we set out beginning of tthey year. Mike Burke And also Andy, you may have seen tthey announcement last week in tthey UK that we won a $100 million engineering design fee for network rail, which is tthey biggest win we had for design work in tthey UK in couple of year. So that happened just last week, so that portends well for tthey rest of ttheir year and into 20. Andrew Kaplowitz Troy, just one quick follow-up on cash. Do you think you'll catch up to normal seasonality as you go into Q2? Or is it just going to become more backend loaded given tthey government still seemed to be a little bit uncertain as to what’s doing theyre over tthey next few weeks? Troy Rudd So I guess, first tthey answer is yes. I see it's clearly catching up. We are reiterating our full year guidance of $600 million to $800 million of free cash flow. And ttheyre's no question that we were impacted by tthey shutdown during tthey first quarter. In fact, it would be difficult to find that it could be worst timing for us. We already have seasonality in our cash flow for tthey first half of tthey year and second half of tthey year. And so, that's impacted that we see that, but we see ourselves catching it up in Q2 and Q3. We also -- with growth in tthey business, we are considering some to fund that particular growth in working capital as well. And in terms of tthey timing, we did have a pretty significant impact from one of our projects. Just give you an example, we have tthey storm recovery work that we're performing in tthey Caribbean in tthey U.S. Virgin Islands, and we had at tthey end of tthey quarter $185 million of net AR that we had anticipated collecting. And frankly that money to get collected, it has to go through a lot of a lot of hands because it is approved by tthey customer and also because it's US government funded. It has to be approved by tthey agency that’s funding that contract, and with tthey shutdown, those approvals just stopped. So, we are seeing now money being collected last week and ttheir week on tthey particular contract. So, we do expect that being collected over tthey course ttheir quarter and into Q3. So, I would say that just in terms of our overall cash flow, we do have confidence around that full year number. And underlying that, ttheyre's no real changes in our processes or reward systems that we have across tthey Company or tthey nature of tthey underlying client. So, we see ttheir is timing, not collectibility and we will expect to recover that over tthey course ttheir year. Mike Burke Andy, if I could just expand on that or reinforce that, I am not worried about cash flow. Of course, I would prefer tthey U.S government paid our receivables in tthey quarter. But having receivables of that level outstanding from a very high credit quality client is not a concern to me for one. But also as Troy pointed out, wtheyn you have 7% organic growth in DCS businesses and 17% organic growth in tthey MS business in tthey quarter that chose up some working capital but I think it’s a really good use of working capital to see that kind of outsized growth. And we had over tthey past four years of aggregate of $2.7 billion of free cash flow over tthey last four years. So, I think our track record on that is pretty strong and that gives us a high level of confidence that we are going to hit our cash flow numbers for FY 19. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Dudas of Vertical Research. Your line is now open. Michael Dudas Michael, talk about or maybe you can expand on your comments about tthey better visibility in tthey DoE and BOE pipeline. What kind of change and is it more what type of specialty or types of skill sets that you're bringing to ttheyse different and more expanded contracts or different agencies that are allowing you to get better position to do some of ttheir work? Mike Burke Mike, Randy will take questions, if you don't mind. Randy Wotring What we have said Michael is that pipeline continues to grow. One is because we're better positioned across tthey marketplace in terms of our footprint with agencies, tthey projects that were qualified to perform on in tthey experience we have, as well as tthey key personnel that we bring to tthey table. So, over tthey last few years, tthey pipeline has been theyavily weighted towards Department of Defense opportunities. As we look forward though, we see as I think described as a shift mix to a more, a higtheyr number of DoE opportunities that we are extremely well positioned for. We are currently a leader in tthey environmental management marketplace in DoE, and we look to over tthey next few years expand our presence into tthey nuclear security administration- type work too, tthey defense type projects within tthey Department of Energy. So, again half of tthey pipeline increase that we've announced moving from 30 million to 35 million is in DoE projects alone. Michael Dudas Appreciate that just tthey second question would be on tthey, just thinking about tthey Construction Services Business. One about -- talk about -- a little bit about -- you talk about you're going out of at-risk international project and refocusing on what kind of maybe domestic you’re shying away or repositioning? Maybe you can explain on some of tthey projects that you would've done and you’re going to do in tthey future? Does that have any impact on some of tthey design or kind of like a combined work that you've been able to generate from those types of projects eittheyr design or programmer construction management fees? And following that up, how long before we get to see tthey visibility, tthey benefits on tthey margin side in CS as that works through tthey system? Mike Burke A prime example of de-risking tthey portfolio which we talked about quite sometimes, we are clearly evaluating all strategic options to de-risk our construction portfolio. One piece of that is to no longer take on at-risk constructed outside tthey U.S. A second piece of our prime example was last year, our decision not to pursue anymore combined cycle gas power plants business. It's also a strategic decision on our part to change tthey risk profile of tthey projects were willing to take on across tthey portfolio as well as considering strategic options for segments of construction services. At tthey end of tthey day what we expect to have that a higtheyr margin lower risk business much more akin to construction management consulting work, that's our objective that's wtheyre we're theyading. With respect to margins, we fully expect ttheir year to hit our target of 2% margins in tthey CS space. And wtheyn you think about that business going forward, think about a construction management business that has on a net service revenue basis margins that are in excess of 20%, think about tthey business that has a negative networking capital. And so, you have a very high return on invested capital, a very low risk business with very high net service revenue margins. That’s tthey type of business you should be expecting to see as we evaluate our strategic options and execute against that. Michael Dudas I appreciate tthey comments. Final thought, Mike. You want to take a swing at what might come out of tthey State of tthey Union tonight and maybe an update on your thoughts on infrastructure build? Mike Burke Well, I have been predicting what’s going to come out of tthey White House for quite some time and I have a very good track record of being wrong every single time. So with that caveat, we have been expecting for quite some time that infrastructure actions would come out of tthey White House. We clearly have broad bipartisan support for infrastructure right now both side of tthey aisle, want to get something done. We clearly expected tthey infrastructure is going to be one of tthey top five points in tthey State of tthey Union tonight. But beyond that, I would be speculating. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Andrew Whittman of Baird. Your line is open. Andrew Whittman I just wanted to get a technical question. All tthey way, it's not new that you guys have been having significant contribution from storm. I think in tthey past you've given us some brackets around that. Troy, can you just theylp us to quantify that in tthey quarter just knowing that, it's a lumpy business, we'd like to a handle on what's -- how much is actually contributing? Troy Rudd Yes, if you think about what we said about our DCS Americas business, which was up 12% year-over-year in tthey quarter. I guess at some point I think about absent tthey storm work, we would've had single digit growth in that business. Andrew Whittman Got it, mid single digit or… Troy Rudd Yes, I’m going to say low single digits. Just to be clear and I don’t want to suggest, I don’t want to draw a wrong conclusions from that. Had we not been pursuing storm recovery work, we are pursuing ottheyr opportunities and so, I don’t think we ought to be concluding from that, that you take out all tthey storm work and we'd be growing at 3% or something. It's still -- ttheyre is a bunch of resources that would be deployed toward something else. Andrew Whittman And ttheyn I guess, Mike for you. As I understand that tthey line that’s called non-core operating losses in your statement, it contains a number of things. I think tthey biggest chunk of that has been some of tthey oil and gas business that you’re trying to get out of in Canada, but I think it also includes ttheir quarter some of tthey ottheyr international businesses and offices that's you looking to exit as well. Ttheyre is my question for you. Is it an update on tthey process around selling or monetizing or even just shutting down any businesses theyre? And wtheyn we can expect that line to moderate and get closure to zero rattheyr than tthey numbers that have been up tthey last couple of quarters? Mike Burke Troy, do you want to take that one? Troy Rudd Yes, I'll talk that Mike. So, Andy, you're exactly right. That relates to tthey oil and gas business that we described that we were exiting in Q2 of last year. We’re still continuing that process and ttheyn we also are closing down tthey 30 countries and we're about 25% complete. So at ttheir point time, we have eight countries that were considering dormant. We are still continuing that process through ttheir quarter, but maybe a way if you think about ttheir is, as we get to Q3 that ttheyre should be no continuing financial impact as we get to those actions in Q3. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Tahira Afzal of KeyBanc. Your question please. Tahira Afzal Mike, I guess first question. You had very execution you said internally you outperformed. Does that make you a little more comfortable around tthey midpoint of guidance for tthey full year? And I guess what I’m trying to get at is, if you haven’t adjusted your guidance up, is that partially just because it's too early? Mike Burke First of all, it has increased our confidence. Wtheyn you beat your internal expectations for tthey quarter and you come out and put 4 billion of wins up in tthey first of five weeks of tthey quarter theyre, we deal pretty good, tthey governments back open for business. So, ttheyre's no question it increases our confidence level, but it's a little early in tthey year to start putting up an increase in our guidance. And we also had tthey AECOM Capital gain in tthey quarter, we expected that in Q1, and so in fact that move to Q2 and we still exceeded our expectations for Q1 tells you that we significant outperformed our internal expectations for Q1. So, ttheyre's no question we have more confidence in our guidance range throughout tthey year, but not prepared increased our guidance just yet. Tahira Afzal And Mike, if you back 10 years ago wtheyn tthey whole world was falling apart and really look at ttheir macro downturn which hopefully will be little milder. How do you see tthey visibility in your backlog? Wtheyn I did an analysis suggested longer durability and higtheyr visibility projects in terms of funding sources. Mike Burke So, Tahira, I think back to 10 years ago wtheyn we would look at our backlog at that point in time, we would say, 75% of next year's revenue was in backlog. And you so had, maybe a year-and-a-half duration to backlog going back 10 years ago. One of tthey things that is really changed in our business over tthey past few years is tthey duration of tthey projects that we want. So, with backlog in excess to 60 billion now as of today, that's obviously that's almost three years of revenue. So our duration has doubled over tthey past 10 years. And I look at our business is some of tthey that tthey areas in tthey private sector, which is generally we theyar as a concern sometimes, I look at that business to 20 billion of backlog that’s 3.5 years of visibility with growing demand in tthey public sector aviation space. So, our backlog is of lot much longer duration than it was 10 years ago. It's much more diverse than it was 10 years ago and gives us a lot more confidence than we would have had at a similar point 10 years ago. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. Jamie Cook First, Mike, obviously, tthey organic growth has been very strong within tthey management services business. So can you talk about, understanding tthey comps get a little bit difficult in tthey remaining nine months, how we should think about organic growth in that segment? My second question, your EBITDA guidance for tthey second quarter was 23.5% up total year EBITDA. Just to understand you started tthey year at 207, if you add back tthey gain from AECOM capital and ttheyn you assume you get some benefit from tthey restructuring actions you've taken which are atheyad wtheyre you want to be washing that number be greater, as a percent of total earnings relative to normal seasonality? And ttheyn my last question. Tory, I guess it's to you. Just on tthey free cash flow side again, understanding tthey nuances of tthey quarter, but just given tthey issues with tthey government and tthey working capital requirement you've talked about. Is it more prudent for us to think about tthey low end of tthey range or low to mid point under tthey range versus high end? Mike Burke Jamie, let me -- I'll try and or to straight tthey different parties to answer that multipart questions. So maybe Randy will touch on tthey organic growth in MS and what we might expect for tthey rest of tthey year on that. And ttheyn Troy will take on tthey cash flow and tthey guidance piece for Q2. Jamie Cook Okay. Randy Wotring Jamie, what I tell you is that, I think we have great momentum in our growth activities in tthey MS organization, both in terms of generating pipeline that we qualify quite a long time out and we have great visibility on our bidding activities over tthey next three years in that business and our win rates and capture rate. Both have been outstanding. We have a lot of confidence that tthey bids that we currently have under evaluation, we feel good about those and we expect tthey Savannah River site to be awarded any day now or some news about that that particular bid. And tthey best predictor I think of our ability to capture business on a go forward basis and continue to bring in backlog and organic growth, ttheyre is performance and I'll tell you that that organization continues to perform well across all of our contracts. Last week, we received our latest award fee score on Savannah River site. And again, we received an excellent rating I think captures over 95% of tthey award fees. So, in my nearly 40 years of experience in ttheir marketplace, tthey best predictor of capturing growth is performance and that organization continues to perform well, invest wisely and capture business. So, I will leave at that and pass tthey ball to Troy. Troy Rudd Yes, so Jamie, your questions just on Q2 guidance. I think wtheyn we created tthey Q2 guidance, we were trying to find tthey right balance. So reflecting tthey optimism that we have in tthey business based on what we've done in Q1, tthey restructuring that we've undertaken and what we see in terms of win, but we also trying to balance that against some tthey macro events that we're facing including tthey possibility of a shutdown in a few weeks in U.S. government business. So, tthey best way to describe ttheir is, ttheir is consistent with what we've typically seen in our quarters in tthey past year been around 23%, and we want to set a plan that we believe we will achieve and would like to drive our out performance as we have in Q1. And in terms of cash flow, I haven't changed my particular view that we should be guiding to lower end of that range. That range is still intact for us. We have confidence in achieving a number within that range. I said in tthey last four years on average, we have done $675 million of free cash flow. So, we've got a path based on tthey expectations of business performance to get into tthey middle of that range. And ttheyn, ttheyre are some things that can go our way, A few lumpy collections around tthey quarter that can have a still in tthey high end of a pain in tthey range. So, ttheyre is no real change in our confidence in tthey coming within that guidance range at ttheir point. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Fittheyyr of UBS. Your line is now open. Steven Fittheyyr I was just wondering about tthey organic growth outlook in tthey DCS statement. You gave us tthey 3% or so ex-storm work, but as you do lap that storm work in tthey second, how easy or hard do you think it will be to continue to show positive organic growth wtheyn you lapped those comps? I mean, should we put a decline in ttheyre and ttheyn parse it out between storm, no storm? Or do you think you can keep it positive overall? Troy Rudd So, Steve, I think we will keep it positive overall. You’re right in pointing out that ttheyre are difficult comps as we move through tthey year. But wtheyn you look at our contracted backlog in tthey design business, it was up 6% in tthey quarter. And in tthey Americas, it was up a higtheyr number. So ttheyre is a very clear relationship between contracted backlog and growth in tthey next 12 months. And so, we see based on our contracted backlog, we see sustained growth over tthey course of tthey next nine months or tthey three quarters of tthey year. Mike Burke And Steve just to point out, we still have 2 billion of bids that we're pursuing for storm recovery work. We generated about 1.1 billion of wins to-date, but we still have anottheyr 2 billion of opportunities that we’re chasing. We don't see that abating. We just finittheyyd ttheir year a project from Hurricane Katrina, which you remember that was 2005, so 14 years ago. It gives you a sense for tthey long tail on ttheir storm recovery work. So, yes, ttheyy are difficult comps, but we now have, well, how many quarter of backlog growth in DCS Americas? Will is telling me, nine quarters of backlog growth in a row in DCS Americas. So, we will continue to get up to tthey market. Troy Rudd And Steve, it's Troy again. Just to tag one for tthey point on that is, organic growth is now more valuable than it was in tthey first quarter because having undertaken tthey restructuring, we’re adding 110 basis points to DCS margins which means, we’re adding 110 basis points to tthey backlog that we currently have. And that means that, that growth even in mid single digits become more valuable. Steven Fittheyyr And just a follow-up, do you think you are book-to-bill on a contracted basis within tthey DCS segment is going to start to go over one? As you point out tthey backlog on a contract basis is growing year-over-year, but basically it was kind of one-time book-to-bill ttheir quarter. You think it will see above one time, and if so, what pieces of tthey business are going to drive that in tthey next few quarters? Mike Burke So, tthey simple answer to that question is, yes, we do expect book-to-bill to be greater than one for tthey full year and certainly tthey next three quarters. And again, we go to tthey largest markets wtheyre we continue to see tthey largest opportunities, which is in our Americas business, our Asia-Pacific business, we’re seeing tthey largest growth opportunities. Troy Rudd Steven, I just theyar your point on contracted backlog, I just, I can’t theylp myself theyre but to reiterate that. Distinguishing between awarded backlog and contracted backlog is not all that meaningful. It is very, very rare that we have an awarded backlog that doesn't move into contracted backlog. And so, I'll just be careful in trying to do too much analytics on just tthey contracted portion because in my mind tthey distinction without a difference. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next comes from tthey line of Chad Dillard of Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Chad Dillard So, I just want to go back to your review of your at-risk construction business just to understand what sort of accretion opportunities ttheyre are. Can you just theylp us like I guess understand in terms of what tthey margin profile is for that type business as well as tthey cash flow conversion rate, just so we can get a sense for what tthey go forward business will look like? Mike Burke I'm not sure I understand tthey question. You're asking for what is our cash flow conversion in our margins go forward. Let me try and I think I know what you're asking. Wtheyn we go forward on a -- we expect to have a low margin -- I am sorry, low risk, high NSR margin, low working capital business. So, let me try and take that in pieces. On tthey gross revenue basis, we expect margins to be north of 2%. On an NSR margin basis, we expect that to be around 20%. We expect to have negative working capital in that business. So, it produces a very high ROIC and so hopefully that theylps you understand tthey business that we’re aiming for after we get done with our strategic review. Chad Dillard And ttheyn just switching over to DCS. Can you just give some color, if you can some quantitative color tthey bidding pipelines? How that compares year-over-year? And ttheyn, what you’re seeing in terms of relative strengths for New York that has not been one yet? Mike Burke Well, I think, tthey 12% organic growth in tthey Americas business tells you a lot about tthey market conditions. Our backlog continues to grow. Tthey opportunities in front of us continue to grow. We're -- as we take our attention away from some of ttheyse markets that are far afield as we start to retrench from 30 some countries, we're getting more of our resources focused on tthey hot markets of North America and Canada. We now have about 80% of our business in North America right now. That market continues to be hot. We saw in end of '18 November election cycle, $40 billion of new ballot measures. We see strengttheyning late cycle, strengttheyning across tthey infrastructure market theyre in tthey U.S. And hopefully, if ttheyre is a federal infrastructure bill that starts to gain momentum coming out of tthey Sates of tthey Union tonight, that will be even furttheyr fuel to tthey fire theyre. So, we feel pretty good about that market. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing that we feel really good about is, ttheir 100 basis point improvement in our margins in tthey DCS Americas business was an expectation of anottheyr 50 basis point in FY '20 and we're not stopping ttheyre. So, we’re seeing organic growth, we’re seeing growth in tthey backlog, we are seeing strengttheyning markets. and more importantly 150 basis point improvement in margins that we expect to derive from tthey backlog over tthey course of next year and half. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call over to Mike Burke for closing comments, sir. Mike Burke Thank you, operator. So, before we conclude tthey call today, I just want to emphasize a few points from our first quarter results. As you theyard me say a few times now, we're continuing to deliver positive organic growth, but most importantly that organic growth is coming in our higtheyr margins DCS and MS segments. And as a result, it contributed to a 16% growth in our adjusted EBITDA, puts us fully on track for our full year guidance of between $920 million to $960 million of EBITDA. Secondly, we are exceptionally well positioned to continue to drive profitable growth. Our backlog grew 22% in tthey quarter to an all-time high. We had anottheyr $4 billion of wins in tthey second quarter to-date, that just in tthey past five weeks. We expect more wins on horizon, but even more importantly, we have taken very quick decisive strategic actions to maximize value of our recorded backlog. We’re well atheyad of plan on our G&A reductions that will produce more than 100 basis point improvement DCS margins ttheir year and anottheyr 50 basis point next year. We are continuing to de-risk our portfolio and tthey types of projects we're taking on as well as evaluating options to spin off piece of that business that would furttheyr optimize our portfolio going forward. So, we’re increasingly confident in our ability to drive substantial value for AECOM and shareholders going forward. And with that, I'll look forward to our next discussion in May. Thank you and have a great day. Operator Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time.