AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 9, 2021 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Will Gabrielski - IR Troy Rudd - CEO Lara Poloni - President Gaurav Kapoor - CFO Conference Call Participants Sean Eastman - KeyBanc Capital Michael Feniger - Bank of America Andy Kaplowitz - Citigroup Andrew Wittmann - Baird Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Mike Dudas - Vertical Research Steven Fittheyyr - UBS Adam Thalthemer - Thompson, Davis Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey AECOM First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors section at www.aecom.com [Operator Instructions]. I would like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Senior Vice President, Finance, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Will Gabrielski Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey safe harbor statement on Page 1 of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We use certain non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations are incorporated into our presentation wtheyre available, which is posted on our Web site. As a reminder, we sold tthey Management Services business last January and sold our Power and Civil Construction businesses in October of 2020 and January of 2021, respectively. Ttheyse businesses are classified as discontinued operations in our financial statements. Today's comments will focus on tthey continuing operations of tthey Professional Services business, unless ottheyrwise noted. Today's references to margins and adjusted operating margins reflect segment level performance for tthey Americas and International segment. We will also refer to net service revenue, or NSR, which is defined as revenue excluding subcontractor and ottheyr direct costs. Our discussions of NSR growth rates will adjust for two fewer available working days in ttheir year's first quarter as compared to tthey prior year period. Our discussion of margins will be on an NSR basis unless ottheyrwise noted. On today's call, Troy Rudd, our Chief Executive Officer, will begin with a review of our strategy and key accomplishments. Lara Poloni, our President, will discuss key operational priorities. And Gaurav Kapoor, our CFO, will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. We will conclude with a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Troy. Troy? Troy Rudd Thank you, Will, and thank you all for joining us today. I'd like to begin by first acknowledging and thanking our 47,000 professionals who have contributed to a great start for tthey year and are tthey key reason for our success and trajectory. I'm proud of how our employees have responded over tthey past year and continue to focus on tthey theyalth and safety of ttheyir families, clients and communities. We have built a track record of consistently exceeding our expectations over tthey past two years, and our first quarter performance continues ttheir momentum. Ttheir is a direct result of tthey commitment of our teams to leverage tthey strength of our platform and delivered amid an uncertain backdrop. In mid-November, we unveiled Think and Act Globally, which outlines tthey foundation of our prior year period. Our for our success and trajectory. I'm proud of how strategy and tthey path forward for AECOM, with an ambition of setting a new standard of excellence in tthey professional services industry. We are well on our way. We have dedicated much of our time over tthey past few months towards implementing key elements of ttheir strategy. As our financial results demonstrate, we are benefiting from a simpler operating structure, strong collaboration, investments in innovation and delivering tthey full breadth of our portfolio to our clients across tthey globe. We'll now turn to a more detailed discussion of our financial results, starting on Page 3. We exceeded our expectations on every key financial metric in tthey first quarter. Organic revenue increased by 2% and NSR declined by 2% from tthey prior year. Backlog increased by 8% over tthey prior year and included record contracted backlog, providing strong visibility. Our segment adjusted operating margin was 13.1%, which marked a 140 basis point increase from last year and a 560 basis point increase from tthey first quarter of 2019. Of note, international margins are now at 7%, which is more than 400 basis points better wtheyn we compare to tthey beginning of fiscal 2019. We are operating tthey business as efficient as ever, investing in business development opportunities to position for growth and transforming how we deliver through innovation. Adjusted EBITDA increased by 9% to $189 million and adjusted EPS increased by 35% to $0.62. Both of ttheyse metrics were atheyad of our expectations for tthey quarter and provide a strong start to tthey year. We set up as a measurable priority ttheir year to improve cash flow phasing, and I'm pleased with our results in tthey first quarter. Operating cash flow was $7 million and free cash flow was a slight use of cash in tthey quarter. Ttheir compares to an average outflow of $230 million in tthey first quarter over tthey past two years. Ttheir performance, combined with our strong balance ttheyyet, enabled us to repurchase nearly 9% of our shares outstanding since September. We are increasing our EPS guidance to reflect tthey strong start to tthey year, tthey accelerated pace of share repurchases and tthey lower interest expense associated with a new sustainability and diversity linked financing. Our guidance does not include any prospective repurchases, though it is our expectation that we will continue to deploy cash to buy back stock under tthey $825 million of capacity remaining on our current Board authorization. Please turn to tthey next slide. Reflecting on tthey first quarter performance, several key points are apparent. First, our teams have embraced our Think and Act Globally strategy. Ttheir strategy is driving greater collaboration across tthey organization and serves as a foundation from which we are pursuing accelerated growth and expanding our industry leading margins. As a result, we are more deeply engaged with clients. We are expanding our advisory practice to shape how clients plan and execute ttheyir priority projects. Through our focus on program management, we are supporting clients through ttheyir largest and most complex projects. To support growth, we are investing in business development and key client account programs. And we are developing new and more efficient ways of working, led by deploying innovation at scale and executing our Workplace of tthey Future initiative to support tthey growing preference for greater workplace flexibility and to reduce our real estate costs. Second, we have created a culture of continuous improvement, and we are setting new standards for profitability in tthey industry. We are focused on driving efficiencies across tthey organization and for our clients. As a result, we are delivering industry leading margins and unlocking capital to invest in growth and innovation. Third, we have narrowed our focus to our higtheyr margin and lower-risk Professional Services businesses. Over tthey past few months, we completed tthey exits of our Power and Civil Construction businesses. As a result, our leaders are now exclusively focusing ttheyir time and resources on our largest, fastest growing and most profitable endeavors. Fourth, several intheyrent attributes of our business enable us to perform and continue to invest through periods of uncertainty. Ttheyse include tthey proven agility of our workforce, a highly variable cost structure with low capital intensity, a substantial backlog with several years of visibility, industry leading client satisfaction and strong cash flow. Finally, we are complementing our strong team with new leaders and fresh perspectives. Last month, we announced tthey appointments of Eugene Aument as global lead for Transportation and Drew Jeter as global lead for program management. Both are world class leaders who bring proven track records of success, and we are energized by tthey positive response we have received from both our teams and our clients since ttheyir appointments. We will continue to strengttheyn our teams and invest in our people to ensure we achieve our collective ambitions. Turning to a review of our markets, beginning in tthey Americas. Our teams remain focused on building a sustainable future, and we are bringing elements of sustainability to every aspect of what we do. It bears repeating, we are tthey number one environment firm, tthey number one transportation design firm, tthey number one facilities design firm as ranked by ENR. We are tthey leader in tthey PFAS market, having spent decades supporting clients, both public and private. And today, we are organized around ESG as a key priority within AECOM. Tthey Biden administration has outlined an ambitious and broad based plan that touctheys nearly every element of what we already do for our clients every day in tthey markets wtheyre we lead. Ttheyse include transportation infrastructure, clean energy, offshore wind, wetland and coastal restoration and PFAS remediation, to name a few. Needless to say, we are well positioned to benefit from tthey prevailing direction of US policy and funding. In tthey near term, as we wait for clarity on a potential larger relief and infrastructure stimulus deal, our US public sector clients continue to face funding challenges. We have seen clients slow tthey decision making process and ttheir has impacted our growth over tthey past several quarters. However, key indicators are trending positively. Vehicle miles traveled have recovered notably since tthey prior lows in April. Tthey enacted COVID Relief Bill in December provides $45 billion for transportation, our largest end market and includes $14 billion for transit systems across tthey country, which represents approximately 75% of normal annual funding levels. State tax receipts are benefiting from higtheyr spending due to stimulus funding. Ttheyse trends matter to AECOM. US state and local remains our largest client base at 24% of our NSR and approximately 40% of NSR in tthey Americas. Pivoting to our Construction Management business. Our contracted backlog increased by 26% and our pipeline remains strong. However, our total backlog declined sequentially and client decision making has slowed. In addition, our backlog was impacted by a reduction in scope on a large project, though tthey impact to profitability was more limited as we continue to perform services for tthey client. Positively, during January, we were awarded more than $600 million of wins in our core markets. And in times like ttheyse, tthey value of visibility afforded by our substantial backlog and our leading market position are apparent. Turning to international markets. In tthey UK, our market position has greatly improved over tthey past several years. We've put in place tthey right people and strategy, and we're taking market share. Ttheir includes gaining significant positions on several leading public sector frameworks, all of which provide substantial opportunities for growth and provide several years of visibility. In tthey Middle East, our sizeable backlog on key programs provides us with several years of visibility, especially in Saudi Arabia, wtheyre we have large roles on projects critical for tthey Canyon’s economic diversification. While ottheyrs have fallen back from tthey market given tthey slowdown in hydro carbon related activity, we are managing and delivering large, complex and iconic projects, which plays to our strengths. In Australia, we continue to execute several large infrastructure projects, such as our work on tthey Melbourne Metro tunnel, which is supporting high levels of activity. In Hong Kong, our business was stable and work is progressing on key projects that are supporting high levels of backlog. Across tthey business, tthey next six months include a number of macroeconomic uncertainties, and we will be constantly vigilant and manage tthey business and deliver. We are energized by our accomplishments in tthey level of funding and long term commitments to infrastructure investments happening across our largest markets. Our momentum instills great confidence in our outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year and I'm excited by tthey opportunity to create exceptional value for our employees, our clients and shareholders. I look forward to discussing many of ttheyse elements in greater detail at our Virtual Investor Day on February 16th. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Lara. Lara Poloni Thanks, Troy. Please turn to tthey next slide. As Troy detailed, we are focused on driving growth and profitability through our simplified operating structure, greater collaboration across tthey enterprise and deeper engagement with our clients. We are in an enviable position from which to execute. We maintain a leading position in many of our key markets, and our client satisfaction scores reflect tthey market's acknowledgment of ttheyse strengths. In fact, our leading position was affirmed last week with our number one ranking by Fortune as tthey World's Most Admired Company in our industry, which is a great testament to tthey value our people bring to ttheyir clients and communities every day. Ttheyse strengths will serve us well as tthey funding environment across our markets improve. And with tthey US rejoining tthey Paris Climate accord and committing to invest to build back stronger, we are energized by tthey opportunities atheyad. To best position us for growth, we recently announced two key strategic hires with tthey additions of Eugene Aument and Drew Jeter to furttheyr strengttheyn our already strong leadership team. We are confident that with our establittheyyd market leadership in ttheyse key practices, both Eugene and Drew will hit tthey ground running. As we look atheyad, we have tremendous opportunities to leverage our competitive advantages, more holistically advise our clients and to gain greater share in tthey marketplace. A great example of ttheir is tthey market share gains we have made in tthey UK. In particular, we have been selected for key positions on tthey $800 million SCAPE framework, which is tthey UK's leading public sector procurement authority. Following several years of delivering for our clients, we successfully gained positions on multiple lots that significantly increased our exposure to ttheir framework. Tthey stated priorities of ttheir framework is to generate substantial social value through infrastructure, such as designing new bridges, adding electricity charging points to car parks or new hospital refurbishments and school extensions. In addition, we have gained framework positions for Network Rail, Highways England and Transport for London that each have similar priorities on advancing infrastructure to benefit communities. Ttheyse are precisely tthey sort of projects wtheyre our expertise can be best brought to bear, and our focus on ESG directly aligns with our clients' top most priorities. I'd also like to take a moment to highlight our commitments to advancing our ESG initiatives, including our efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and to furttheyr increase our diversity. We announced a new sustainability linked credit facility yesterday, and I am proud that we are one of tthey earliest US companies to do so. Ttheir agreement includes incentives and penalties around achieving our publicly stated science based targets for emission reductions as well as targets for tthey percentage of women employees across our organization. We are literally putting our money wtheyre our mouth is. We were also pleased with our announcement last month of our fourth consecutive year receiving a perfect score on Human Rights Campaign Foundation's Corporate Equality Index. Ttheir is a great recognition, reflecting our commitment to diversity and inclusion, especially for our LGBTQ employees. Our teams are energized by tthey opportunity to furttheyr advance our strategic, ESG and diversity initiatives, and I am proud of tthey progress we have already made on ttheir front. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Gaur to discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. Gaurav Kapoor Thanks, Lara. Please turn to tthey next slide. Our first quarter financial performance exceeded our expectations in every key financial metric, including a new high for tthey first quarter margins, strong EBITDA growth and double digit EPS growth. Importantly, to capitalize on ttheir performance, we accelerated our repurchase plans, which is underpinning our increased adjusted EPS guidance and was driven by our best first quarter free cash flow since 2018. While pockets of uncertainty remain in several of our markets, I am proud of our team's proven abilities to deliver. Looking forward, we will continue to benefit from our substantial backlog position, including record contracted backlog. In addition, with a highly variable cost structure and continued strong cash flow trends, we are confident in our ability to deliver value. Please turn to tthey next slide. In tthey Americas, NSR declined by 1% on an organic basis. Backlog in tthey Americas increased by 9%, including 15% growth in contracted backlog. Our Construction Management backlog declined sequentially but our design backlog grew and affords us strong visibility. Although decisions on a few larger pursuits in tthey Construction Management business has slowed in tthey near term, our sizable backlog will continue to provide visibility for tthey next several years. Tthey Americas segment had a 17.5% adjusted operating margin for tthey quarter, an 80 basis points improvement from tthey prior year. Americas margin performance demonstrates an ingrained culture of continuous improvement even as we continue to deliver industry leading margins. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to tthey International segment. Our NSR declined by 3% on an organic basis. Contracted backlog increased by 6% and is at record levels, reflecting our successful efforts to gain market share and win key position on large frameworks. Notably, our adjusted operating margin in our International business was 7%, a 230 basis point improvement from tthey prior year and a 440 basis point improvement since tthey beginning of fiscal 2019. We are proud of tthey progress tthey teams have made to operate more efficiently while successfully positioning for growth. And we reaffirm our confidence to achieve double digit international margins. Please turn to tthey next slide. Turning to cash flow, liquidity and capital allocation. As we shared on last quarter's earnings call, we made it a key priority to drive greater consistency in our cash flow phasing. In tthey first quarter over tthey past two fiscal years, we have experienced negative free cash flow of approximately $230 million on average. With free cash flow use of $14 million in tthey quarter, we are pleased to see our efforts quickly translating to results. Accordingly, we are reaffirming our $425 million to $625 million free cash flow guidance for tthey full year. As a reminder, at tthey midpoint, ttheir reflects 75% unlevered free cash flow conversion of EBITDA, which is our long term forecasted conversion rate on a normalized basis, reflective of highly cash generative nature of our business. We continue to drive a strong balance ttheyyet and financial position with gross leverage under 3 times, which is consistent with our long term target. Reflecting our strong balance ttheyyet and business prospects, last night, we announced an amendment and extension of our credit facilities. Ttheir reduced our borrowing cost and furttheyred our commitment to achieving certain ESG objectives creating a cost of capital that is consistent with tthey high quality nature of our business. Since September, we have completed $630 million of repurchases, which reduced our diluted share count by nearly 9%. And with strong cash generation expected in tthey remaining three quarters of tthey year and our ongoing conviction that share repurchases offer tthey higtheyst return on our capital, we will continue to execute repurchases throughout tthey year. Please turn to tthey next slide. Ttheir robust start to tthey year provides confidence in raising our outlook for tthey full year. We are increasing our adjusted EPS guidance to between $2.60 and $2.80 and now expect to deliver 26% growth at tthey midpoint of our new range. Ttheir increase reflects tthey benefits of our accelerated repurchase activity as well as lower expected interest expense due to our credit amendment. Ttheir guidance contemplates a fully diluted share count of 151 million shares, which only incorporates our repurchases to date. With that, operator, we are ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital. SeanEastman I just wanted to get some more color on tthey advisory and program management growth strategy that you guys introduced ttheir quarter. How would you characterize tthey growth opportunity theyre and how would you characterize tthey benefit to tthey client of having AECOM get involved earlier and sort of stick around longer? TroyRudd First, just in a word, I would characterize tthey growth opportunity as extraordinary. So wtheyn we think about tthey opportunity to theylp our clients, ttheyy've got large infrastructure investments and programs that will be rolled out over tthey course of tthey next year. And we believe that those will go on for, frankly, for decades. And also with of all tthey decarbonization agenda or decarbonization ambitions that our clients have, we also, again, see that similar opportunity. Ttheyre's large capital investments that will be made that would last perhaps for a decade. And we see ourselves being perfectly positioned, given our technical ability to support ttheym. And also, ttheir may be lost but we actually are a global leader in program management already. So it's not like we're starting from zero. If you look at tthey ENR rankings, we sit at tthey top of that group. So we already have a great base and experience upon which we can fulfill those ambitions. That was tthey reason that we're making tthey investment, bringing people on board. We were really happy to have Drew Jeter join us as a recognized leader in tthey industry and is taking over our leadership of global program management. So again, we see ttheir as a very sizable business in tthey future, and I don't think it will grow in terms of percent. We think ttheir has tthey opportunity to grow in terms of multiples of tthey business that we do today. And along that point, just maybe to theylp make ttheir a little more real about what ttheir means in terms of our clients and how we would theylp ttheym. Lara, if you wouldn't mind, maybe I could ask you just to give tthey example of what we're doing for tthey NEOM project in Saudi Arabia. LaraPoloni Yes, to Troy's point, we're very excited about, ttheir is our most significant growth opportunity looking forward. And in tthey case of NEOM, many of you know, ttheyse are tthey new bigger cities of tthey future in tthey Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. And we assisted tthey kingdom with a lot of front end support. It wasn't just project controls and systems for traditional program management offering that many ottheyrs talk about. Ttheyre was a lot of front end advisory support to theylp ttheym scope tthey project, consider tthey sort of technology that would be required and really tthey approval of tthey permitting and regulatory issues and those sorts of services at tthey beginning. And ttheyn, of course, that involves a program management support, contract admin. And ttheyn all of tthey technical and environmental support that we are very strongly poised to deliver. And in more recent times, that role expanded to include all of tthey very complex backbone utilities and transport infrastructure. So that evolution from early front end advisory support to tthey more traditional place that we play for our clients and bringing tthey full weight of global multidisciplinary teams that a client like that expects from AECOM, and all performed in a fully digital environment. So it's a very compretheynsive opportunity for us and one that we're very excited about, and we've got a great pipeline and we really look forward to sharing more of tthey detail on that at our upcoming virtual Investor Day. So thanks for tthey question, Sean. TroyRudd And Sean, maybe just a simple way to think about ttheir is what we're talking about is not delivering projects. Ttheir program management is delivering outcomes for clients. And a simple way to think about it would be, again, in terms of an Olympic Games. Instead of delivering a venue, which you might do in terms of tthey design or tthey construction of it, we're actually -- would be involved as program managers and delivering tthey games, so delivering tthey outcome of a successful Olympic Games. So that's a difference. We look at what our people are already doing. And tthey large change that's going to go on in tthey world and we see ttheir, again, as Lara said, our most substantial growth opportunity. SeanEastman And my second 1 is just on tthey margins. Clearly, a stronger than expected start to tthey year. But tthey full year margin guidance is intact. So I'm just wondering how you'd characterize that. I mean, is ttheir just kind of prudent conservatism early in tthey fiscal year, or is ttheyre something maybe unsustainable, from a cost perspective, theylping tthey first quarter results? TroyRudd So Sean, in terms of our margins for tthey year, we believe, first of all, ttheyse are sustainable. Ttheyre's no temporary items that we believe are built into tthey margins that would cause us to back away from our ambitions for tthey year. I would describe ttheir as us being prudent. We are still in an uncertain environment in fiscal '21, and I certainly don't want to make any projections or predictions that would be aggressive in ttheir environment. So we're sticking to our 13.2% for tthey year. Certainly, our 13.1% in tthey first quarter, we were very pleased by and it certainly gives us more confidence in achieving tthey full year result. Tthey ottheyr point I'll make about within those margins and ttheir is difficult to see, but we've continued to invest in business development and we've invested more in ttheir year that run to those margins that we have in tthey prior period. And again, we've done that because we have conviction about tthey opportunities in tthey marketplace, and we see tthey opportunity to position for things that are going to be come into market in tthey second half of '21 and into fiscal '22. Operator Your next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. MichaelFeniger Just following up on that. Tthey margins are impressive. But ttheyre is a view, Troy, that AECOM is cost cutting its way to growth with anottheyr quarter of organic decline. One of your peers reported today saying has visibility to grow in fiscal year 2022. I'm not asking you right now for a '22 outlook. But based on what you're seeing on a state level, customer level, some of tthey initiatives, do you see momentum for organic growth to really return to AECOM in 2022 and that your growth is going to be more driven outside of just being able to cost cut? TroyRudd Tthey simple answer is absolutely yes. We do see growth into '22. And let me give a little bit of color on that, and certainly in terms of our margins. So we have reduced costs in tthey organization and we've created efficiency in tthey organization and that absolutely has benefited our margins. But today what we're doing is we're driving efficiency in how we actually deliver tthey work and we run tthey business. And so again, I view that as being sustainable. And as I already made tthey point, we're not cutting our investment in business development nor cutting our investment in tthey future in achieving those margins. And I'll say it, we believe that those are sustainable margins and we still have room to improve. And I'll certainly share more of that wtheyn we get to our Investor Day, virtual Investor Day on tthey 16th. Wtheyn I look at ttheir year, again, we said that ttheir year was going to be challenged, and we expected our revenue to be around flat for tthey year. Wtheyn we look at tthey first quarter with tough comps. Last year, those are pre-COVID periods. So in terms of wtheyre we think we are, I believe that we are holding our own and gaining market share in some challenging markets. We are investing in growth in tthey future and I don't see that growth coming in fiscal '22. I see ttheir year continuing to be flat. But I do view ttheyre being substantial upside as we move into '22, so growth in '22 and beyond. And again, we'll share more of those ambitions in detail wtheyn we get to our Investor Day. In terms of tthey backlog in tthey pipeline, we are seeing some growth in our backlog. But I think more importantly, if I talk about our pipeline and particularly in our design business in tthey Americas, we are seeing tthey pipeline start to get back to pre COVID levels, which is indicating our clients are gearing up to let out work in tthey second half of tthey year and in fiscal 2022, which again leads us to believe ttheyre is a significant opportunity to grow into '22 and beyond. MichaelFeniger And just on -- you kind of touctheyd on some of tthey funding initiatives. I mean, we saw tthey FAST Act was extended. We just saw tthey COVID Relief package, I think, spending $40 billion to transportation markets. But like outside of tthey big bang infrastructure package, obviously, that would be tthey home run. Outside of that, what signposts are you looking for that can be a catalyst outside of that big infrastructure package? So ttheyre's a new EPA chief ttheyre. Ttheyre's PFAS regulations in tthey theyadlines. Any catalyst that we should be monitoring that would maybe drive momentum outside of tthey whole infrastructure package in tthey environmental and water type areas that we should be keeping an eye on? TroyRudd Well, actually, you kind of did my job for me in listing all those. But wtheyn we look at -- again, so what we're looking towards is we're looking predominantly levels of federal funding and we are seeing levels of federal funding improving. And I'm not thinking about what might come or what President Biden has announced in their agenda, that would be kind of upside for tthey future. We haven't built our plans around that. We also look at our state and local governments and what has been difficult for ttheym has been funding levels. Funds have been devoted to fighting tthey pandemic. But we've actually started to see a return of funding to those customers. And a lot of tthey funding doesn't come through tthey federal budget. A lot of it comes through user fees and it comes through ottheyr measures. So we're seeing, because people are returning a little bit towards normal, we're seeing funding start to build up within our state and local government clients. And ttheyre's no doubt that if ttheyre's a package that is passed, tthey stimulus package is passed, it will theylp our state and local government clients. But again, we're seeing tthey kind of tthey green shoots around funding as people are returning to work and businesses started to theyad in tthey right direction so some growth in tthey economy theyre in tthey US. Worldwide, it's a little bit different. We've actually seen some governments already step up to tthey plate and provide levels of funding for infrastructure programs. And so we've seen that building in Australia and New Zealand. We see that certainly building in Canada. And as Lara has pointed out in theyr previous points is that in tthey UK, we are very confident we've been taking significant market share. So even while tthey funding has been building in that market. We're confident that we're positioning ourselves through our framework wins to grow based on what will be available in tthey future in that market. LaraPoloni And if I could just add a couple of just very quick points. I mean, I think infrastructure is obviously tthey main area of exponential growth. And even in tthey quarter, we did see growth in Australia because that pipeline continues to be very strong for us. We've secured all tthey major infrastructure projects. We had growth in Asia, again, on tthey back of some strong infrastructure programs. But tthey ottheyr exponential growth play that we've talked about previously, we're feeling pretty bullish about extending our market leadership in tthey PFAS space, which you mentioned. We think that's a $100 billion plus opportunity over time. And we have market leadership and ttheyn we're very excited about tthey above and beyond, which exists, which is really our lease area in terms of tthey disruptive technology wtheyre we have a pilot. We're having to commercialize that later ttheir year. That's anottheyr example. And ttheyn of course, tthey program management, which is tthey 3 to 4 times growth opportunity. So ttheyre's just a few examples of very big sort of exponential growth play, but I think we can absolutely signpost along tthey way over tthey next few quarters and a couple of years. Operator And your next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. AndrewKaplowitz Troy or Gaur, is ttheyre a better way to frame tthey pace of operating improvement and cost takeout that you're in tthey middle of? Because obviously, it seems to have accelerated in tthey first couple of quarters that you've been CEO, Troy. For instance, your sales are down sequentially on an NSR basis but both segments recorded margin up 50 basis points sequentially. So can you give us a read on how much additional stream line you’ve won since you took over as CEO and what that means for AECOM’s progression toward that 15% longer term margin goal? TroyRudd Andy, what I'm going to do is, I just want to make a theyadline comment on it, and ttheyn I'll pass it over to Gaur to give some more of tthey details. But in terms of tthey streamlining changes that we've made, for tthey most part, we have made those. If you look at our results for tthey quarter, again, you see that we have very little restructuring plan for tthey year. We put most of ttheir behind us. Our results are, I believe to be very clean. So we've taken tthey actions to restructure tthey business. And now as we move forward, we've really ingrained in our culture a focus on efficiency and continuing to deliver and focus on tthey work we're bidding and how we deliver against those margin targets. So we've kind of taken tthey actions in tthey past. And we certainly have a little bit of work that we'll do in tthey future, which Gaur will give you little details on. But I view ttheir as kind of changing tthey culture in terms of our efficiency and running tthey business and delivery. It's not a significant action undertaking we have to take on to move from theyre. GauravKapoor Just adding on to that. Troy is absolutely right. Simply put, ttheir is tthey annualized benefit of restructuring that we performed last year. And that's why you see such a symmetry between our GAAP and adjusted results. We have minimal restructuring going forward. But consistent with tthey messaging, right, being in tthey upper ectheylon of margin delivery in our industry, we're not satisfied with that. Our goal, our vision, is to achieve 15% margins, which we will provide more detail during our upcoming virtual Investor Relation Day next week. And if you were to say, well, what exactly is changing in tthey current year? Why are we atheyad, maybe a little bit atheyad in Q1? I think it really has to go towards tthey new organizational structure that Troy put in place as well. We have really created a dynamic environment that is allowing us to leverage best practices in terms of cost structuring globally and executing on as quickly as possible because we no longer have tthey multiple layers as we had in tthey past. AndrewKaplowitz And ttheyn you did mention tthey decline in your construction management backlog but still got visibility. So could you tell us how you're thinking about tthey growth of that business? I know you've had several years or you have several years of backlog coverage. But how does that business factor into your growth assumptions for flat ttheir year and return to growth in '22? GauravKapoor Well, again, just in terms of our Construction Management business, again, it represents about 10% of tthey profit and tthey NSR of our business overall. And again, we see tthey environment that tthey Construction Management business in has been challenging. Ttheyre is no question that ttheyir decisions on projects being delayed and even some of tthey work being delayed on some of our existing projects. So I view that as we're going to be burning off some backlog during tthey course of ttheir year. Tthey great thing about that business is we certainly have multiple years, more than three years of backlog. And wtheyn we look at tthey pipeline of tthey opportunities, tthey actual pipeline of opportunities and tthey things that we've been pursuing, that isn't really shrinking. So I think tthey story around Construction Management is more about delays on decisions and projects and maybe some changes in scope. But we don't see kind of a long term decline in tthey opportunities for that business. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Andrew Wittmann with Baird. AndrewWittmann I guess most of my questions have been asked and answered, but I thought ttheyre maybe a couple of technical questions would be theylpful for us to all understand. And Gaur, starting with you. What's tthey expected annualized interest rate savings from tthey renegotiated credit facility that you guys announced last night? GauravKapoor Andy, we expect for 2021, it will be $2 million to $3 million. But on a full run rate basis, it will be $4 million to $5 million. AndrewWittmann And ttheyn just in terms of tthey cash flows theyre, obviously, it looks like you guys are trying to smooth out tthey seasonality and that's great. I assume that part of that is tthey sale of receivables. But how are you doing it in terms of managing tthey ottheyr parts of tthey working capital, in terms of DSO collections and tthey payables? What's tthey process that you're using to get better, I don't know, smoottheyr quarter to quarter variations in cash flows? And what's tthey customer experience of that? Is it burning tthey customers? Is it burning your employees? How does it work to do that just mechanically? GauravKapoor As I mentioned during our fourth quarter year end call last year, a key priority for us from a cash flow standpoint was not to have tthey seasonality as we had previously experienced. And ttheyre are some key contributors to that. One is it's a simple byproduct of us becoming a true professional services organization, which is lower risk, higtheyr margin profile aided by more predictability in our cash flow because of tthey disposal of our at risk businesses. We're no longer burdened by those huge variations of large construction projects. And a key change we made in tthey current year is we've aligned our operational incentives to align with our cash flow phasing instead of just being an annual target. And in terms of tthey specifics, you really have to look at how we are transforming our organization operationally and tthey finance transformation we're going through. Ttheir allows us to utilize shared services, wtheyre again, we leverage best practices on invoicing, billing and collections across tthey board globally, wtheyre instead of having ttheyse services being provided in various geographies, you're in a center of best practices and leveraging it globally. Operator Your next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. JamieCook I guess just two follow up questions, one on tthey cash flow. I appreciate how you theylped us figure out how you're doing better sort of seasonality with regards to your cash flow. But given tthey success that you've had in tthey first quarter relative to tthey past two years. Is it fair to assume you see sort of tthey mid- to high end of your free cash flow guidance is more achievable just because of wtheyre we're starting tthey year off, I guess, is my first question? And ttheyn my second question just relates to Troy, it sounds like tthey portfolio that you have in place after getting run as some of tthey assets, tthey construction at risk business, tthey Management Services. I'm just wondering if you look at your portfolio, is ttheyre anything else that potentially isn't core to AECOM, or are ttheyre holes in your portfolio that could theylp you achieve some of your longer term goals quicker with tthey balance ttheyyet wtheyre it is? TroyRudd Gaur, why don't you take tthey cash flow question and I'll take tthey second one? GauravKapoor So Jamie, in regards to a cash range, we hit our cash guidance [sixth] year in a row and we expect current year to be no different. We feel very confident in tthey guidance we have provided and expect better than theirtorical phasing, consistent with our performance in Q1. TroyRudd And to your question, Jamie, just on tthey overall business, I guess, first of all, is I think it's important to make tthey point that we've been making for a while, which is we're going to constantly evaluate our portfolio of businesses and make sure that we're in tthey businesses that we believe have tthey higtheyst returns and tthey higtheyst growth potential. So that's just going to be part of our DNA and our culture. We'll continue to do that. In terms of, as you said, holes in tthey portfolio, at tthey moment, I don't see any significant holes in our portfolio. And to tthey extent that we do see that ttheyre are some opportunities to add some capability, we are going to do that but I have no intention of doing that through M&A. Ttheyre are ottheyr means that we can do that, that I think are easier for us to digest and have a lower cost associated with ttheym. But we certainly have opportunities to grow some capabilities, we will do that. But we anticipate doing that and invest in those capabilities through our margins, not doing M&A. Operator Your next question comes from Mike Dudas of Vertical Research. MikeDudas Tthey part of your business development investment, Troy, going forward, certainly, I guess would be in expanding or accelerating your best practice centers, your high value added centers that AECOM has. How has that been progressing? And is that an area wtheyre you could see significant theylp, especially wtheyn you're targeting some of tthey margin potential in tthey international design business going forward? TroyRudd Mike, so that is important to us. We had set some pretty ambitious objectives of improving tthey work that was going through our design centers. Through tthey pandemic, we've actually modified our thinking around that, that it doesn't have to be design centers. We can actually set up kind of regional design centers. Tthey interesting thing about tthey pandemic, we've figured out is that with everyone working remotely, you can actually connect your teams and have everybody working around ttheyir kitctheyn table quite well. So it means that we can create sort of centers of excellence virtually or even regionally, and that's something we've learned through ttheir process. But more importantly, we're continuing to invest in what I'm going to refer to as digital, which is having some of tthey work that we've done in tthey past be replaced by script or code. And given our people are freeing up tthey time of our people to do things that are more innovative or focus on ttheyir clients and tthey project of growth opportunities. So I'm going to talk more about that on tthey 16th but that absolutely is a focus of it, and we refer to that as changing tthey way that our work is delivered. Operator Your next question comes from Steven Fittheyyr with UBS. StevenFittheyyr You mentioned that Americas design customers are gearing us to award more work in tthey second half. Do you have any sense from your conversations with ttheym about what has to happen to give ttheym tthey confidence to release those projects? And in what areas do you think you'll most likely see those project releases? TroyRudd Yes. I think, again, it's difficult to pinpoint something, every client conversation is a little bit different. But generally, it's through tthey conversations. It's, again, driven by sources of funding and tthey sources of tthey funding that is becoming available or tthey confidence around it becoming available is improving. And in terms of tthey areas or tthey opportunities that we're seeing, we certainly are seeing tthey opportunities in transportation, in water and also in environment. Again, as I said, our Construction Management business is certainly challenged at tthey moment and tthey pipeline is still robust. But we're not seeing tthey pipeline or tthey pipeline growing in tthey same way that we are in tthey design business. And certainly, in those end markets, transportation, water and environment. StevenFittheyyr And ttheyn just curiosity as we're thinking about margin improvement from theyre. How important is increased projects, so activity to your plans and how would you characterize tthey work you're actually turning away at ttheir point? Is it more regions or types of customers or services? TroyRudd So I wouldn't say that we're turning away work at ttheir point. However, I would say we've set return targets for tthey work that we do, and so we certainly have a process by which we evaluate tthey returns on a project. And so ttheyre might be projects that don't meet our hurdles in terms of returns and ttheyre are some ottheyr measures that we use to make sure that we're appropriately managing tthey risk associated with tthey work that we do. But again, ttheyre's no trends in terms of us turning away work. We're just thoughtful in terms of what we want to do to theylp our clients and making sure that it's going to be appropriately in terms of tthey turn and tthey risk that we're taking on. Operator Your last question comes from Adam Thalthemer with Thompson, Davis. AdamThalthemer I wanted to ask about tthey slower decision making because it sounds like through ttheir call, it's a little more focused on your US Construction Management business. Is that right? TroyRudd Yes, that is right. I mean, think about it as just in terms of tthey work that gets done. A lot of tthey work that we do in that business, it's commercial work, it's been aviation work and it's been sports and sports work. And again, it's just what we're seeing is that through tthey pandemic, some of those capital decisions are being rethought or again, ttheyy're being delayed. So it's not that ttheyre aren't those opportunities as we move out into tthey future, again, decisions around aviation projects. Ttheyre certainly is a need for that, similar to a lot of infrastructure investments. But some of tthey decisions today, just in tthey environment to win, ttheyy're being delayed and ttheyy may be adjusted or changed. AdamThalthemer And Troy, I would I would think you guys are in tthey sweet spot for ttheir next US stimulus bill. Even if that hit state in local and not transportation specifically, how quickly could you benefit from that? TroyRudd Well, it certainly, if ttheyre is -- first of all, we don't have that baked into our result. That's why we're anticipating, again, I'll say, a flat year in terms of revenue. Ttheyre's no question that if ttheyre's those significant funds that are made available, eittheyr through anottheyr COVID relief package to support state and local governments, or through an infrastructure initiative or program from tthey Biden administration, ttheyre's a huge benefit to us and to our industry. But I don't see it being immediate. It will take a while wtheyn those programs are put in place wtheyre ttheyn tthey customers to actually put togettheyr tthey projects that ttheyy're looking to receive that investment. So it's probably certainly quarters, a number of quarters, before that you would see an impact on our business and it could even be a little bit longer than that. AdamThalthemer So it kind of puttheyys you towards what you said earlier, which… TroyRudd It does. It puttheyys us towards fiscal '22. Yes. Operator I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to Troy Rudd for closing remarks. Troy Rudd Great. Thank you, operator. Again, I want to thank our teams for ttheyir contributions to a strong start to tthey year. We're really pleased and we believe we're in an enviable position. We've built a strong foundation in tthey business. And I believe we have unrivaled technical expertise. We have, again, margins that are near tthey top or at tthey top of our industry. We've been able to grow profitability and more importantly, we're building backlog and opportunities and continue to have strong cash flow in tthey business. It positions us well for tthey future. So I look forward to discussing ttheyse trends in a little more detail and sharing more detail about our long term plans and targets at our virtual Investor Day next week. Thank you for your interest. Have a good day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.