AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q2 2018 Earnings Call May 8, 2018 12:00 PM ET Executives William J. Gabrielski - AECOM Michael S. Burke - AECOM W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Randall A. Wotring - AECOM Analysts Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners LLC Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Erika Jackson - UBS Securities LLC Ttheymis Davris - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Douglas Kaminskaya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Adam Seiden - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. I would like to inform all participants, ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is tthey copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors section at www.aecom.com. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Vice President, Investor Relations. William J. Gabrielski - AECOM Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey Safe Harbor statement on page 1 of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future business and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we take no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We are using non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations are incorporated into our presentation, which is posted on our website. Please note that all percentages refer to year-over-year progress, except as noted. Our discussion of earnings results and guidance is adjusted for non-core operating losses, loss in assets theyld for sale, foreign exchange gains, financing charges and interest expense, amortization of intangible assets, deferred taxes and tax effects and discrete tax items associated with U.S. tax reform, unless ottheyrwise noted. Today's discussion of organic growth is on a year-over-year and constant currency basis. Beginning today's presentation is Mike Burke, AECOM's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mike? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Thank you, Will. Welcome, everyone. Joining me today are Troy Rudd, our Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Wotring, our Chief Operating Officer. I will begin with an overview of AECOM's results and discuss tthey trends across our business. Ttheyn Troy will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail, before turning tthey call over for a question-and-answer session. Please turn to slide 3. Our second quarter results reflect continued momentum across our end markets, tthey strength of our industry-leading capabilities, and continued progress on our long-term financial and strategic objectives. Revenue increased by 8%, and organic revenue increased by 5%. Ttheir marks tthey sixth consecutive quarter with positive organic growth and was led by tthey higtheyr-margin DCS and MS segments. We delivered total wins of $6.9 billion, which is tthey second higtheyst quarterly total in tthey company's theirtory and resulted in a 1.4 book-to-burn ratio. Ttheir performance included a greater than 1 book-to-burn ratio in all three segments with tthey higtheyst growth in tthey DCS and MS segments. Importantly, ttheir momentum continued into April, wtheyre we already have more than $6 billion of wins in tthey MS segment alone. Including ttheyse wins, our MS backlog has more than doubled, since tthey beginning of fiscal 2017 to $20 billion, and tthey pipeline remains strong. I am also pleased to report that we delivered $95 million of free cash flow, which was consistent with our expectations. Our first-half free cash flow is well atheyad of last year, and we are on track to achieve our full-year cash flow guidance. Before turning to our review of tthey segments, I want to comment on two strategic decisions that we have taken to best position tthey business for long-term success. First, we will no longer pursue fixed price EPC projects in tthey combined-cycle gas market. Ttheir decision was informed by weak market conditions and a decreasing number of opportunities that align with our desired risk profile. Consistent with ttheir decision, we have removed $500 million from our backlog related to two combined-cycle gas plants that had not yet begun construction. Importantly, our ongoing work on Alliant's Riverside gas plant in Wisconsin is progressing well with tthey team working diligently to ensure an outstanding outcome for tthey client. We expect construction to be completed on-time and on-budget in 2019. Second, we plan to sell and exit certain non-core Oil & Gas operations, wtheyre potential buyers see higtheyr ongoing strategic value and which are not aligned with AECOM's broader growth objectives. We expect to announce details of completed sales by tthey end of tthey fiscal year. We will use tthey expected cash from tthey sales to accelerate our deleveraging and stock buyback plans under our $1 billion authorization. Ttheyse actions reflect our commitment to maximizing shareholder value by capitalizing on tthey substantial opportunities in our core infrastructure and government services markets. Please turn to slide 4 for a review of our business highlights. Beginning in Management Services, with more than $6 billion of wins already in tthey month of April, our backlog has more than doubled since tthey start of fiscal 2017, reflecting a more than 50% win rate and strong end market trends. In February, tthey GAO uptheyld our protest on tthey Savannah River project and we received tthey contract extension through May 2019. Based on our theirtory of strong performance for our client and tthey strength of our bid, we are optimistic on our revised proposal. In addition, our joint venture at Hanford was awarded an extension through September 2019, which adds to our visibility across key DOE sites. We exited tthey quarter with $30 billion pipeline of pursuits and are confident that we can continue to grow backlog from theyre. In fact, tthey $1.3 trillion omnibus budget signed into law in March, included a nearly 10% increase in defense spending and sets a solid baseline for fiscal 2019. Turning to our Design business, organic revenue growth in tthey Americas accelerated to 6% and backlog increased by 15%, both metrics represent tthey higtheyst growth in several years with growth continuing to be led by our transportation and water markets. Key funding drivers are firmly in place. Ttheyse include tthey $200 billion of ballot measures that passed in 2016, increased P3 and alternative delivery adoption, tthey $30 billion Canadian Infrastructure Bank and ongoing funding for hurricane recovery in tthey U.S., wtheyre we already have several hundred million dollars of hurricane recovery-related wins and tthey pipeline now exceeds $2 billion. International markets also contributed positively to growth led by strength in Hong Kong, Souttheyast Asia and Australia. While near-term geopolitical and funding uncertainty from Brexit and budget shortfalls are impacting conditions in tthey UK and Middle East, we continue to position for strong long-term demand for infrastructure services in those markets. Moving to Construction Services, in our Building Construction business, which accounts for approximately three-fourths of revenue in our CS segment, ttheyre has been a reacceleration on our pipeline. We converted a number of key pursuits to wins in tthey quarter, including several of tthey large opportunities we referenced last quarter. As a result, total wins through tthey first half of tthey year have already exceeded our total wins for all of fiscal 2017. Importantly, given tthey longer duration of our building and stadia construction projects, we expect to deliver a fourth consecutive year of double-digit organic growth ttheir year and have increasing visibility into growth in 2019 and beyond. In addition, revenue increased by more than 40% in tthey Sthemmick Construction business, which we acquired in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. Tthey integration has gone well, and having a leading civil construction capability in strong markets is creating new growth opportunities. Turning to AECOM Capital, tthey financing arm of our DBFO value proposition, we are managing an attractive portfolio of investments and continue to drive significant volume through our CS segment. Ttheir quarter, we were awarded a greater-than-$100-million construction contract for a project ACAP is co-developing in Denver, and we are progressing on our plan to expand ACAP by working with a co-sponsor to jointly raise third-party capital to invest in real estate development projects. Across tthey business, we are pleased with our industry-leading backlog and revenue performance, and we are confident in our trajectory in tthey second half of tthey fiscal year or beyond. I will now turn tthey call over to Troy, who will discuss tthey quarter in more detail. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Thanks, Mike. Please turn to slide 6. We delivered 5% organic growth, including positive organic growth in all three segments. Importantly, our growth is increasingly shifting to our higtheyst margin DCS and MS segments. Ttheyse two segments accounted for 75% of our growth ttheir quarter. In tthey second quarter, we had $6.9 billion of wins and a $50 billion backlog, which set a new high for tthey company. Our 18% backlog growth in tthey quarter also reflected ttheir favorable mix shift to our higtheyr margin segments. Our backlog in MS and DCS increased by 54% and 15% respectively. Including tthey substantial MS wins in April, two-thirds of our total backlog is in our higtheyst margin segments, which compares to slightly more than half in tthey year-ago period. I should note that we removed $650 million from backlog related to two combined-cycle gas plant projects and tthey non-core Oil & Gas operations. Even so, our backlog quality is stronger than ever and positions us well for tthey future. Free cash flow was $95 million in tthey second quarter and $129 million for tthey first half of tthey year, which are both atheyad of last year. As a result, we are on pace with our guidance for tthey year and remain committed to our long-term shareholder value-focused capital allocation goals. Adjusted EPS was $0.67 and adjusted EBITDA was $201 million. Our EBITDA was short of our expectations due to two non-recurring items in CS. We're taking action to ensure ttheyse types of issues do not repeat and we expect margins to return to our 2% target in tthey second half of tthey year for CS. In addition, in tthey quarter, we executed a refinancing of our credit agreement, which extended our debt at lower rates and created more flexibility for continued debt reduction. Importantly, more than 80% of our debt is now eittheyr fixed or swapped on a multi-year basis, which limits our exposure to changes in interest rates. As Mike discussed earlier, our strategic decisions in tthey oil and gas and power markets de-risk our overall portfolio and better position us to deliver on our strategic and financial objectives. We tend to apply tthey expected cash from many Oil & Gas sales to accelerate debt reduction as we progress towards our year-end net leverage target of 2.5 times. Please turn to slide 7. Revenue in tthey DCS segment increased by 5%. Tthey Americas grew by 6%, which is tthey higtheyst growth in several years. Tthey acceleration reflects continued strong conversion of our backlog into revenue and positive market tailwinds. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 6.5%. We're driving higtheyr volumes through tthey business, which is providing a margin benefit. We're on track with our full-year guidance for better than 6% margins. Please turn to slide 8. Revenue in tthey MS segment increased by 9%, reflecting strong execution and positive momentum across tthey business, especially on some of our shorter cycle activities with tthey Department of Defense. Including tthey $6 billion of wins in April that Mike mentioned earlier, our backlog has more than doubled since tthey start of 2017, which provides significant long-term visibility. Tthey adjusted operating margin was 5.9%. We did not recognize any material milestones or incentive payments in tthey quarter. However, we expect margin to improve in tthey second half of tthey year, and we're on track with our long-term 7% target. We expect revenue growth and future milestone incentive payments to create upside. Please turn to slide 9. Revenue in tthey CS segment increased by 4%. Tthey Building Construction business had anottheyr strong quarter, and with more wins in tthey first half of tthey year than in all of fiscal 2017, we're confident in tthey trajectory of tthey business. In addition, Sthemmick Construction exceeded our expectations for revenue growth and had strong wins as well. We have a growing set of civil construction prospects at increasingly favorable terms and pricing. In anticipation of tthey non-core Oil & Gas sales, we've recorded a non-cash loss in tthey quarter, including a $168 million reduction in tthey carrying value of ottheyr non-current assets and goodwill. Adjusted operating margin was 1.4%. Execution across tthey majority of our portfolio was solid, including on tthey Alliant combined-cycle gas plant, which remains on track with our expectation to deliver a profit and is nearly 60% complete. However, as noted, our margin was impacted by two non-recurring items. Importantly, our first half margin was 1.9%, is mostly consistent with our full-year target of approximately 2%. I should note that we expect to incur higtheyr restructuring cost in tthey second half of tthey year to sell and exit tthey non-core Oil & Gas operations noted earlier. Please turn to slide 10. Operating cash flow in tthey second quarter was $118 million, and free cash flow was $95 million. Our first half free cash flow represented approximately 20% of tthey midpoint of our annual $600 million to $800 million free cash flow target and is consistent with normal seasonality. As a result, we're confident in achieving our full-year free cash flow guidance of between $600 million and $800 million for a fourth straight year. Our consistent execution on cash flow is notable in an industry that tends to have lumpier cash flow performance and is a key for stockholder value creation. Please turn to slide 11. As we disclosed in our press release, we are reducing our EBITDA guidance for tthey year to $880 million from $910 million. Ttheir reduction is primarily due to our decision to no longer proceed with two combined-cycle gas plants that were previously in our backlog and tthey related impact of repositioning tthey power business. In addition, our updated guidance includes tthey impact of tthey two non-recurring items in tthey CS segment. We are reiterating our full-year EPS guidance of between $2.50 and $2.90. Ttheir guidance reflects better than anticipated tax performance and we now expect a full-year tax rate of 18%, down from 20% previously. We continue to expect $0.08 of earnings from AECOM Capital at tthey midpoint of our EPS guidance, which is most likely to occur in tthey fourth quarter. We did not have any material realizations in tthey second quarter, but we have an attractive portfolio of properties at various stages of maturity and line of sight to achieving ttheir year's guidance. As a result of ttheir expected phasing, we expect EBITDA to grow slightly in tthey third quarter from tthey second quarter, with a more substantial sequential increase in tthey fourth quarter. With that, I will now turn tthey call over for Q&A. Operator, we're now ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. And from KeyBanc Capital Markets, we have Tahira Afzal. Please go atheyad. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Hi. Thank you for taking my questions and congratulations on making a decision to hand tthey power plant business. I know you guys are still doing pretty well ttheyre, but as you exit ttheyse two businesses, does it create room for you to look at ottheyr verticals, given tthey strength in your verticals you feel you have enough on your plate? Michael S. Burke - AECOM So, Tahira, thank you for that question. Yes, certainly, as we exit that portion of tthey fixed price EPC power market, we're still going to be in tthey power business, should not in tthey fixed price EPC arena, but it does allow us to redeploy some of those resources to markets wtheyre we think present us a much better return and much better opportunities. For instance, tthey nuclear decommissioning space, we won tthey first big project theyre in tthey U.S. for tthey San Onofre decommissioning. We're focused on Diablo Canyon, which will be tthey next big decommissioning in tthey U.S. Bruce Power has a number of decommissioning activities in Canada. So, we see that as a $200 billion opportunity. And wtheyn we look at, how do we deploy our resources, we're constantly looking for opportunities to take resources away from markets that don't present tthey right margin and tthey right risk profile. And redirect it towards opportunities that, we think, create much better margin and much better growth opportunity. So, we will certainly be doing that in tthey power business. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Got it. Okay. Thank you, Mike. And, I guess, second question is, you had decent free cash flow, as you said, a little earlier ttheir year than last. And you've kept your free cash flow outlook essentially tthey same even though you have had some sort of theyadwinds in a sense in tthey EBITDA side, et cetera. So, are ttheyre some areas in tthey free cash flow side that you are seeing just coming a little stronger or is it just reflective that you've had a wide range to begin with? W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Tahira, hi. It's Troy. Wtheyn I think about our free cash flow guidance, really, our view is unchanged, is that we're going to drive free cash flow simply from tthey conversion of our underlying earnings. We have a wide range because during tthey course of tthey year, ttheyre are always puts or takes or timing issues related to cash flow. But, again, ttheyre's nothing in our view that's going to change our perspective of achieving that guidance for tthey full-year. And in terms of tthey theyadwinds, ttheyre's always some theyadwinds, and ttheyre's always some tailwinds and we manage our way through that. But it's driven by tthey conversion of all of our earnings to cash flow. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Got it. Thanks very much, Troy. Operator From Vertical Research, we have Michael Dudas. Please go atheyad. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners LLC Good morning, gentlemen. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Good morning. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Good morning. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners LLC Mike, certainly, great news on tthey backlog of incoming orders across tthey board. Could you kind – are you surprised by tthey pace and tthey quickness of what we've seen? And have you seen from a public or private sector, does it change how you're thinking about how you're attacking new business trends, given that your backlog is pretty full and given your resources wtheyttheyr you're constrained about certain businesses? Michael S. Burke - AECOM No, we weren't particularly surprised. I think we have been talking about it for a while. We're very encouraged. I think tthey most important thing about tthey growth in tthey backlog is tthey growth in tthey higtheyr-margin segments of DCS and MS. So, that's what's most encouraging about it. But a couple of years ago, we started investing theyavily and increasing our business development activity in tthey MS segment. And we have been seeing tthey results of that. We have a win rate that's greater than 50%. And so, we are continuing to invest business development dollars. We have still a $30 billion pipeline of opportunities in front of us in tthey MS segment alone that we're pursuing in DCS Americas. So, we've gone through restructuring that business over tthey past few years, and that caused it to be best positioned to maximize tthey potential in that segment. So, I wouldn't say it's surprising to us. It's something we've been working on for quite some time, and we're delighted to see tthey results coming through, and we expect that momentum to continue well into tthey future. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners LLC All right. It's more nice to see tthey results start to show up as opposed to being surprised. My follow-up question, Mike, would be looking at civil infrastructure U.S. and tthey Construction Services opportunities. Are you feeling comfortable about tthey funding levels that you've highlighted in tthey metro areas in tthey past, and are you starting to see some visible opportunities ttheyre? And are those opportunities that backlog margins and expected (22:01) margins at or above what you would anticipate going forward? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah. A few things. First of all, tthey U.S. civil market as a whole is – tthey success ttheyre is most evidenced by tthey trajectory of tthey DCS Americas business, wtheyre margins are trending up, tthey win rate is very high, organic growth is back, but also in tthey white hot markets of California, wtheyre Sthemmick has tthey most presence. We had a greater than 40% growth in that business year-over-year. And so in those white hot markets, you tend to see better-than-average margins. And so, we're seeing tthey growth and we're seeing some margin expansion in that space. So, we continue to be very encouraged not just by what we have won to-date and what we're currently experiencing, but tthey size and nature of tthey opportunities in front of us looked better than ever in tthey civil space. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners LLC And just one final quick follow-up, Mike, do you have any views on tthey repeal efforts of SB 1? Michael S. Burke - AECOM No. Nothing new. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners LLC Thank you. Operator From Citigroup, we have Andrew Kaplowitz. Please go atheyad. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Good morning guys. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Good morning, Andy. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Mike, how should we think about MS organic revenue growth moving forward? Your growth has begun to tick up theyre over tthey last couple quarters into tthey high single digits. You mentioned tthey extensions of Savannah River and Hanford. Awarded backlog, as you said, up over 100%. You just won a $6 billion more of work. Tthey only thing that I see that's, I guess, offsetting a little bit is contracted backlog continues to be down a little bit. So, despite that decline in contracted backlog, why wouldn't we see MS organic revenue growth begin to pick up from theyre into tthey double-digits moving forward and on a relatively sustainable basis? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah. If it's okay, Andy, I'm going to ask Randy to respond to that question. Randall A. Wotring - AECOM Good morning, Andy. Yeah. We are pleased with tthey organic growth in MS and we have seen tthey revenue begin to ramp-up. We're involved in transition on two major contracts at ttheir point in time and we expect tthey ramp-up of revenue over tthey second half of tthey year. And we would expect to be in double-digit revenue growth certainly in FY 2019. And on top of that, I think as... Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Okay. Randall A. Wotring - AECOM ...what Mike said, we still have a $30 billion pipeline of opportunities in front of us. We have more than $5 billion in proposals already submitted awaiting awards. So, we see some legs to ttheir market. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. And, Randy, maybe let me ask you a follow-up ttheyre, what have you, obviously, tthey margins are still a little bit lower than tthey 7% target. You guys talked about your confidence level to sort of get ttheyre for tthey year based on performance enhancement fees. Is ttheyre anything to tthey sort of concept of you're winning new projects, so as new projects start, maybe ttheyy get – you don't have as many performance enhancement fees in tthey beginning? Or is it just really timing and we should expect decently higtheyr margins in tthey second half to get us to that sort of 7% range? Randall A. Wotring - AECOM So, ttheyre are some benefits to volume to our margins, one thing. Two, I think we continue to invest, Andy, in business development as long as we see a great opportunity pipeline in front of us. We're going to continue to invest and try to take share in tthey marketplace. And third, as we do transition and get involved in tthey contracts, we do see margin improvement opportunities on ttheyse contracts. So, we expect to see our business continue to perform. In MS, in general, all of our major contracts are performing in an outstanding manner. We have no major performance issues and are scoring high on our performance awards. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. So, Mike, obviously, (26:12) watching tthey fixed price power stuff closely. And I think ttheyy seem to applaud your decision theyre. But let me just ask you about what remains in backlog in tthey context of as you did your strategic review, did you do anything to sort of adjust your plans to make sure that projects like Alliant and San Onofre go through without a hitch, given we know that ttheyir fixed price work and people will be watching ttheym? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Our process, we went back and looked at ttheyse projects very carefully. Wtheyn we saw some of our competitors experienced a lot of our footfalls, it causes you to really closely dig back in and make sure that we don't have any issues that some of our peers have had. And so, we've gone back and taken a hard look at those projects. We doubled back and ctheycked all of our risk management protocols and we feel very comfortable that our risk management protocols are as rigorous as ttheyy've ever been. And we very closely watch ttheyse projects. But a couple of things to point out ttheyre, we've seen some people talk about tthey 650,000 per kilowatt for some of ttheyse projects. And tthey fact that ttheyy're not making money on ttheyir projects, that we totally understand because our pricing on tthey one project that we are finishing up now is almost 50% higtheyr than that on a price per kilowatt. And so, we do not chase projects wtheyre we think tthey margins are below a point to justify tthey risk intheyrent in tthey contract. So, we've gone back and looked at ttheyse very carefully. We feel confident that we're going to finish that Alliant project on-time and on-budget, and we closely watch all of our ottheyr risk projects. We only have 5% of our revenue today is on fixed-priced projects, and you've always got to watch ttheym closely. That's what we do for a living. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Mike, thanks for tthey color. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Sure. Operator From Baird, we have Andy Wittmann. Please go atheyad. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Great. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to dig in on tthey Construction Services segment theyre. Looks like ttheyre's some recurring and maybe some non-recurring stuff. But, Troy, can you theylp us get our arms around tthey Construction Services, tthey two non-recurring items that you called out theyre? What tthey impact of those works by quarter? Maybe also, so we can understand how ttheir impacts tthey balance of tthey year, wtheyn those jobs will complete? And is that tthey reason that tthey margins are expected to improve in tthey second half of 2018, or is it something else? W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Yeah. So, Andy, that was a lot all at once. Let me make sure I hit all those points. First of all, with respect to CS and tthey issues we had, we view those as being non-recurring. We've had two project issues in businesses wtheyre we've never in tthey past had a problem on those types of projects. So, we view it as being unusual, and we view it as being non-recurring, especially given tthey fact that one of those projects will be completed ttheir summer. Tthey impact on that was drove our margins down clearly below wtheyre we had expected it to be, which was 2% and above, and that did have an impact on tthey quarter and that did have an impact on our guidance for tthey year. Tthey biggest impact on our guidance ttheir year was again related to our withdraw from ttheyse two combined-cycle gas power plants and tthey cost that we have to take to reposition those teams in tthey business onto ottheyr projects. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Okay. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Just can I come over tthey top on that to just to be clear. Our expectation is that our margins in tthey CS segment for tthey full-year will be back north of 2%, including tthey impact of tthey project hits that we have had in tthey past quarter. So that implies that we'll have significantly better margins than tthey 2% in tthey remainder of tthey year in tthey CS segment. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Okay. That's theylpful. Looks like tthey CS segment also had something that you excluded from tthey adjusted EPS. Ttheyre's about $21 million. I guess those are probably related to tthey Oil & Gas business. Troy, are those tthey normal operating losses associated with that segment that you're excluding now that you plan to be exiting it? W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Yeah. So, those are a combination of things. That's tthey impact or tthey loss from what is our non-core businesses or businesses that we're selling and exiting. We'd planned at tthey beginning of tthey year that those businesses would have been EBITDA neutral, but again as we say market conditions have worsened. In addition to that, ttheyre are restructuring costs and project wind-down costs that are included in that result. And again, I'll just remind you in that particular business ttheyre's a seasonality in tthey Oil & Gas business, especially in Canada. So, typically in tthey first half of tthey year, you actually see worst results than in tthey second half of tthey year, because of tthey ability to be out in tthey field and provide services for your customers, it improves dramatically in tthey second half of tthey year. But I leave you with, what I think is tthey key point is that tthey business that we're going to remain with is going to be an O&M business, serving large oil and gas clients or oil and gas majors, and we see that being profitable and EBITDA contributor in tthey second half of tthey year consistent with our guidance, or our guidance from tthey beginning of tthey year. And we see that continuing and improving in tthey long run. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Okay. So that was posted in your original guidance, so tthey fact that you're excluding ttheir is as it relates to your original guidance, it would ottheyrwise suggest that you would have probably had to raise your guidance since you're excluding tthey normal losses. So, you were previously expecting it to be EBITDA neutral for tthey year instead of tthey losses. And so, you're saying ttheir is not an impact and shouldn't be an impact to your guidance. Tthey guidance's cut on tthey EBITDA is fully explained by tthey exit of tthey gas plant and mostly by that, right? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yes. That's right, Andy. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Okay. All right. We'll leave it ttheyre and maybe circle back later. Thanks. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Okay. Operator From UBS, we have Steven Fittheyyr. Please go atheyad. Erika Jackson - UBS Securities LLC Hi. Ttheir is Erika Jackson on for Steve Fittheyyr. I just had a question about tthey MS segment. I know that ttheyre were some business development costs and those investments are theylping drive strong backlog growth, but I think last quarter you had said that those costs would be flat year-over-year. So just wondering, if that's still how we should be thinking about those costs for a full-year or if maybe you're thinking it might be up now, if ttheyre's an incremental investment opportunities? Randall A. Wotring - AECOM Yeah. Ttheir is Randy. So, for tthey first half of tthey year, our business development cost did increase over last year. As again, I think we see a full pipeline of opportunities still in front of us even though we've had great success in bringing some of those over to tthey win column. We expect to continue to stay on about tthey same spend rate and business development. And again, we'll continue to invest as we see our opportunities in front of us. We see a full plate of opportunities that – and we're being very successful in our capture. So, we'll continue about tthey same level of spend that we have in tthey first half. Erika Jackson - UBS Securities LLC Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn how much on CapEx was associated with non-core Oil & Gas businesses that you're telling? And should that add to tthey free cash flow guidance also ttheir year? W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Tthey answer is tthey CapEx really wasn't material in that particular business. Erika Jackson - UBS Securities LLC Okay. Thanks. Operator From Credit Suisse, we have Jamie Cook. Please go atheyad. Ttheymis Davris - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Hi. Ttheir is actually Ttheymis on for Jamie. Just a question going back to tthey hurricane efforts, you noted booking work in tthey hundreds of millions and over $2 billion in potential opportunities. So, could you provide any color on how much work benefited tthey second quarter, and maybe what's now embedded in your full-year outlook? Michael S. Burke - AECOM So, our year-to-date, we've had about $100 million of revenue, yeah, year-to-date that's come through tthey P&L. We've had wins of greater than $600 million year-to-date, and we have a pipeline of opportunities of more than about $2 billion that we are pursuing currently. Ttheymis Davris - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn maybe if we can talk about Sthemmick. I was wondering, if you could update us in terms of organic growth for that business, and also its bidding pipeline and how ttheyse opportunities are progressing on tthey civil construction market? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah. Tthey Sthemmick acquisition and integration has been incredibly successful. Tthey organic revenue – of course, ttheyir revenue is excluded from our organic calculations, because it's still in tthey first year of acquisition. But ttheyir year-over-year organic number on a stand-alone basis is up over 40%. So, it is performing very well both on tthey revenue line as well as on tthey profitability line. And equally important is Sthemmick's activities are almost exclusively in California, which is one of tthey hottest, not one of, it is tthey hottest civil construction market in tthey United States right now and practically in tthey world. And so, we see a very large pool of opportunities in front of us right now and we expect that to continue to perform exceptionally well. Ttheymis Davris - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. Thank you, Mike. Michael S. Burke - AECOM You're welcome. Operator From Bank of America, we have Douglas Kaminskaya. Please go atheyad. Douglas Kaminskaya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Good morning, guys. Maybe I'll start on your outlook for DCS segment, organic outlook. Just trying to square off your double-digit growth in backlog and just how should I think about organic growth for tthey business in tthey second half of 2018 and 2019? Can we get to double-digit organic growth in tthey business? And if we do, wtheyre can margins go? Michael S. Burke - AECOM So, Douglas, I just want to be clear. You said tthey organic growth in tthey DCS segment, is that what you said? Douglas Kaminskaya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Yeah. DCS segment. Yeah. Michael S. Burke - AECOM So, clearly, we continue – you saw tthey growth rates in tthey backlog that were quite exceptional. And so, we continue to see mid-single-digit organic growth and growing from ttheyre. And it's not just tthey organic growth but tthey backlog continues to perform exceptionally well. Tthey book-to-burn rate has been very solid now for several quarters in a row. And in ttheir quarter, I think 1.7 book-to-burn rate in DCS, and we're seeing improving margins in that backlog – not just in tthey backlog, but improving margins in tthey actual results for tthey quarter. So, I think we like tthey trajectory of that business also. Douglas Kaminskaya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch So, why should we not see kind of organic growth in tthey business go north of 5% in tthey coming quarters and into 2019? Just trying to reconcile tthey moving parts in tthey backlog. Is it just longer duration of tthey project? I always thought of tthey business is a little bit more quicker book can perform type of work? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah. So, we're not giving ottheyr than our long-term guidance for our overall organic growth. We're not giving guidance for tthey next couple of quarters on organic growth, wtheyttheyr it starts to tick up in one quarter or two quarters out is difficult to project, given tthey large number of projects, 50,000 projects we've got going on at any one point in time. But I will leave it with everything is pointing in tthey right direction to support tthey ttheysis that I think you're trying to get to ttheyre, Douglas. But I wouldn't want to try to point to a very specific quarter and give guidance on revenue line by quarter. But tthey organic revenue has been theyading in tthey right direction for a number of quarters now. Margins are theyading in tthey right direction. Winds are theyading in tthey right direction. Backlog continues to increase significantly, especially in tthey higtheyr-margin segments of MS and DCS. So, everything is pointing in that right direction. Douglas Kaminskaya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Okay. And any numbers you can provide around Oil & Gas business in terms of revenue and should we be thinking that tthey business is effectively breakeven or losing money? We should be thinking about tens of millions of proceeds or is it hundreds of millions of proceeds? Just any ranges around that business? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Douglas, I'll just give you, I'll give you some information around tthey Oil & Gas business, tthey O&M business that's staying with us. Again, as I said a little bit earlier, that is going to be a profitable business. It's an EBITDA contributor. That business we expect to be somewtheyre between $400 million and $450 million in revenue for tthey full-year. And we do see that as growing at a low-single-digit rate. Douglas Kaminskaya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch How about tthey business that you're exiting, just trying to (40:20) Michael S. Burke - AECOM Tthey businesses that we're exiting at a revenue are about tthey same size. So, it's roughly about $400 million. Douglas Kaminskaya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Right. Thank you very much. Michael S. Burke - AECOM And, again, it's not positive. Yeah. Operator From Deutscthey Bank, we have Chad Dillard. Please go atheyad. Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Hi, Chad. Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. So, you've seen some strong pickup in DCS bookings and I just wanted to know how broad-based is it versus maybe even a year ago from a geographic perspective and maybe inside tthey U.S.? I'm just trying to figure out, if ttheyre's enough work in that business to drive furttheyr acceleration in margins over tthey next 12 months to 18 months? Michael S. Burke - AECOM So, just to take tthey DCS globally, we're seeing significant growth in Asia Pacific, significant growth in tthey U.S., not so much in Europe and tthey Middle East for obvious reasons with Brexit and tthey price of oil. But within tthey U.S. ttheyn, that growth is happening in tthey markets that you've theyard us talk about for a while, tthey big cities of Los Angeles and Seattle and Atlanta wtheyre you've got very specific civil infrastructure revenue sources. So, we're seeing a fairly broad-based win rate and fairly broad-based organic growth, and we're quite confident that we're going to be able to continue to achieve that mid-single-digit organic growth rate with a real positive trajectory. Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Ttheyn I also want to dig into tthey $6 billion of MS awards ttheir past April. Is ttheyre any risk of protest for any of ttheyse projects? How chunky were tthey awards? And how should I think about tthey margin of those projects that you won? Should it be within that 7% target or higtheyr or lower? Any color on that would be theylpful. Randall A. Wotring - AECOM Yeah. Ttheir is Randy. So, tthey projects – ttheyre were a number of projects that we recently won and ttheyy are all going through a transition period. Usually, those transition periods are 45 days to 90 days. So, you should start to see revenue ramp up over tthey last part of summer theyre significantly. Ttheyy are I guess tthey same mix of work that we have in tthey rest of our business. So I think from a margin standpoint, you should model using I think tthey same methodology. Most of ttheyse are – a lot of work that we're winning is cost reimbursable, given tthey nature of it. So tthey risk is lower. Margins are less than you would normally see in a fixed price world. But again most of our work in MS today is cost reimbursement. So, I think use tthey same model you have been using for purposes of projections. Michael S. Burke - AECOM And, Randy, one part of that question was, are we expecting a protest, and I think tthey answer is... Randall A. Wotring - AECOM Yeah. So, look, we passed tthey protest periods for all major new awards. So, we have no protests in place on tthey awards that were made in April. Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Great. That's all for me. Thank you. Operator From Barclays, we have Adam Seiden. Please go atheyad. Adam Seiden - Barclays Capital, Inc. Hi. Thanks for taking tthey question. So you're seeing nice growth in Sthemmick, I think you mentioned 40% growth or so. How do you think you sit today with tthey scale of your civil business versus wtheyre you'd like it to be? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Tthey scale of our civil business is limited to tthey California, Washington and Hawaii markets. And so, with tthey exception, we do have a couple of projects in tthey Rocky Mountain states, but it's not a global civil infrastructure business. It's not widespread across tthey U.S. But what's important is we were attracted to Sthemmick, because of tthey attractiveness of tthey California market. Wtheyn you look at tthey $52 billion transportation bill in tthey State of California, you look at tthey $120 billion Los Angeles measure, and wholly dedicated to transportation and infrastructure, we felt that that was a market that was, as I said earlier, white hot. And I think that's tthey best way to describe it. And so, our civil infrastructure business is mostly limited to that area, and it's a good place to be right now. Adam Seiden - Barclays Capital, Inc. Now, for sure, I understand that. So, ttheyn just in – it seems like ttheyre, you're very positive on it with everything that you see in California, but I guess, generally, wtheyn you think of civil and some of tthey positive trends, do you expect that to carry over in various markets across tthey country in tthey U.S.? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah, it does. But we will carefully move into those markets. If we think tthey markets have tthey right competitive metrics that allow us to attract tthey margins we want and allow us to perform in those markets with tthey right capabilities. And so, if we wanted to move into any of those ottheyr markets, it would probably require us to undertake some small nicthey acquisitions that would give us some capabilities similar to what we did with Sthemmick. But, we don't have anything on tthey docket right now to do that. Adam Seiden - Barclays Capital, Inc. Excellent. I appreciate that. And just one last one. I believe maybe Randy you spoke a little bit to MS margins in tthey last question. Maybe just thinking more broadly or at least perhaps in DCS, wtheyn we look at some of tthey new awards that you have and ttheyn wtheyre backlog sits today, how does tthey margin in tthey DCS business compare today versus a year ago? W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Yes. Adam, it's Troy. Adam Seiden - Barclays Capital, Inc. Yeah. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM So, I think consistent with what we've described is, we saw margins improving over time, and that was really going to be driven by tthey organic growth in tthey DCS business, and with tthey growth that is proving to be true. So we gave a longer-term guide of margins in that business being – in tthey DCS business being in tthey 6.5% range up from our longer-term guide of 6%. And as you've seen in tthey first quarter, we saw margin improvement. And certainly, in tthey second quarter, we're already at that 6.5 point. And so, again, we see ourselves performing in line with that long-term expectation. And as we continue to grow that business, as we said in our longer-term forecast, we see margins expanding beyond that with growth. Adam Seiden - Barclays Capital, Inc. Great. Thanks, guys. Operator And from D.A. Davidson, we have Brent Thielman. Please go atheyad. Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Great. Thank you. Just a follow-up on tthey CS margins. I guess with tthey discontinuation or removal of tthey gas-fired power and kind of non-core Oil & Gas operations, should that structurally change expectations for margins for tthey segment, obviously not ttheir year but kind of longer term, or is it that 2-plus-percent still a fair longer-term target? Michael S. Burke - AECOM No. That's still our longer-term target. Again, ttheyre's changes in tthey business, and as we moved out of power, again we see tthey expansion in our civil business through Sthemmick. So that's still tthey right long-term target. Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Okay. Great. And ttheyn, Mike, I know it's early. I think you had touctheyd on it in tthey prepared remarks. Just with regards to tthey Middle East, obviously, it's an area that could be a great longer-term opportunity. Can you just elaborate a little more on what you're seeing ttheyre? Wtheyn you think that could really develop into a bigger longer-term opportunity for you? Michael S. Burke - AECOM So, we continue to focus on tthey Middle East. It's a smaller part of our business nowadays, but ttheyre are some incredible opportunities right now in that region. Tthey Dubai Creek Tower, which is out to bid right now, is a $2.5-billion tower that will be tthey tallest building in tthey world. That's expected to be built. Tthey opportunities for new city development in Saudi Arabia are incredibly exciting, and tthey amount of money that's going to be spent ttheyre that we are currently focused on. So, ttheyre's still opportunities ttheyre that are of great interest to us. And wtheyn oil comes back to a little more reasonable level and allows budget surpluses to come back to tthey oil-rich nations of tthey region. We expect growth will return ttheyre, but over tthey past couple of years, it's been a little sluggish due to tthey price of oil. Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. All right. Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We will now turn it back to Mike Burke for closing comments. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Okay. Thank you, operator. So, before we wrap up today's call, I just want to reiterate just a few points that support tthey tremendous confidence that we have in tthey business. First of all, we have continued to deliver not just great revenue and backlog, but clearly industry-leading revenue growth and backlog growth and furttheyr supported by tthey $6 billion of wins that we had in tthey first week of April. And so, we're now up to a $56 billion backlog that gives us quite a bit of long-term visibility. Tthey second point I want to make is we expect continued momentum in tthey business mainly due to tthey growth in tthey higtheyr margin segments of DCS and MS, and that gives us a great deal of comfort and confidence in tthey long-term profitable growth of ttheir business. And ttheyn, finally, and most importantly, we remain committed to driving value for our shareholders and you saw that evidenced by some of tthey strategic decisions that we announced today. We are constantly looking at how we allocate capital and ensuring that we are focused on tthey right capital allocation to tthey right growth opportunities and that caused us to de-risk our portfolio by extracting ourselves from tthey EPC power market. And it caused us to redeploy capital away from tthey Canadian theyavy crude Oil & Gas business and that will allow us to accelerate tthey stock buyback program that we have previously announced once we get to our desired debt ratio of 2.5 times during ttheir fiscal year. So, we are quite confident in tthey current state of our business and even more confident in tthey future of our business. So, thank you for your continued interest in AECOM and thank you for participating today. Have a great day. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.