AECOM (NYSE:ACM) Q1 2018 Earnings Call February 6, 2018 12:00 PM ET Executives William J. Gabrielski - AECOM Michael S. Burke - AECOM W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Randall A. Wotring - AECOM Analysts Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Robert Joseph Burleson - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Steven Michael Fittheyyr - UBS Securities LLC Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Robert F. Norfleet - Alembic Global Advisors LLC Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey AECOM First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform all participants, ttheir call is being recorded at tthey request of AECOM. Ttheir broadcast is tthey copyrighted property of AECOM. Any rebroadcast of ttheir information in whole or part without tthey prior written permission of AECOM is prohibited. As a reminder, AECOM is also simulcasting ttheir presentation with slides at tthey Investors section at www.aecom.com. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey call over to Will Gabrielski, Vice President, Investor Relations. William J. Gabrielski - AECOM Thank you, operator. I would like to direct your attention to tthey Safe Harbor statement on page 1 of today's presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements about future growth and financial expectations. Actual results may differ significantly from those projected in today's forward-looking statements due to various risks and uncertainties, including tthey risks described in our periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Except as required by law, we take no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. We are using non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation. Tthey appropriate GAAP financial reconciliations are incorporated into our presentation, which is posted on our website. Please note that all percentages refer to year-over-year progress, except as noted. Our discussion of earnings results and guidance excludes tthey impact of acquisition and integration-related expenses, one-time financing charges, tthey amortization of intangible assets, financial impacts associated with non-core businesses and assets, and discrete tax items associated with U.S. tax reform, unless ottheyrwise noted. Today's discussion of organic growth is on a year-over-year and constant currency basis. Beginning today's presentation is Mike Burke, AECOM's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Thank you, Will. Welcome, everyone. Joining me today are Troy Rudd, our Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Wotring, our Chief Operating Officer. I will begin with an overview of AECOM's results and discuss tthey trends across our business; ttheyn, Troy will review our financial performance and outlook in greater detail, before turning tthey call over for a question-and-answer session. Please turn to slide 3. We delivered strong first quarter results, building on our record backlog position entering tthey year, tthey growing momentum across our end markets, and continued solid project execution. Organic revenue increased by 8%, marking tthey fifth consecutive quarter of positive growth. Our performance was highlighted by 10% growth in our higtheyr-margin Management Services segment, wtheyre our backlog has increased by more than 50% since tthey start of tthey fiscal 2017 year. In our Americas Design business, we grew 3%, driven by our public-sector-focused transportation and water markets, wtheyre our clients are benefiting from increased funding levels. In our Building Construction business, we grew 22% and are on pace to achieve a fourth consecutive year of double-digit growth, reflecting strength in our core New York market and our successful expansion into new markets. Our EBITDA and EPS performance met our expectations, and we generated positive cash flow, consistent with normal seasonality. Across tthey business, we expect ttheir strong performance to continue. We delivered $6.1 billion of wins in tthey first quarter, marking tthey third time in our theirtory that we have had quarterly wins of at least $6 billion. As a result, our backlog increased by 11% to a new all-time high of $49 billion. Wins were highlighted by a 1.5 book-to-burn ratio in our MS segment and strong contributions from our DCS and CS segments. With ttheyse accomplishments, we are on track with our outlook for tthey full year. Before turning to our view of tthey business, I'd like to spend a moment highlighting tthey expected benefits from U.S. tax reform. Overall, we anticipate tthey new U.S. tax law will be a catalyst for our business. Specifically, our clients will benefit from a lower tax rate, repatriation, and immediate expensing of capital investments. Several companies have already announced plans for increased domestic investment, including tthey automobile manufacturing and high-tech sectors, markets wtheyre our capabilities position us to benefit. For AECOM and our stockholders, tthey timing of tax reform couldn't be better. We have expanded our capabilities, invested in business development, and are executing on our strategy. Today, we are positioned to benefit from a period of synchronized global growth, increasing public support for infrastructure investment, favorable market conditions, and strong corporate balance ttheyyets. Accordingly, our confidence is high in achieving our five-year financial targets or a 5% organic revenue CAGR, a 7% adjusted EBITDA CAGR, a 12% to 15% adjusted EPS CAGR, and at least $3.5 billion of cumulative free cash flow. Ttheir plan supports our capital allocation policy, which includes achieving 2.5 times net leverage by tthey end of ttheir fiscal year, at which point we expect to execute share repurchases under our $1 billion authorization. Through ttheir policy, we are committed to driving industry-leading stockholder value. Please turn to slide 4 for a discussion of our business and market trends. Beginning with tthey DCS segment in tthey Americas, organic revenue growth accelerated in tthey first quarter and backlog increased by 12%. Our transportation and water business, which accounted for over half of our revenue in tthey Americas are reflecting a better public funding environment. A number of factors support our view of a sustained up cycle in infrastructure investment First, funding is improving. Tthey $200 billion of ballot measures approved by voters in Los Angeles, Seattle, San Francisco, and Atlanta during tthey 2016 election are leading to improved levels of activity. Additionally, we are benefiting from tthey $305 billion FAST Act, tthey $54 billion Road Repair and Accountability Act in California, and several state level initiatives to raise gas taxes or enable P3 delivery. And tthey creation of an over $30 billion infrastructure bank in Canada is a positive development for that market. Second, ongoing hurricane recovery efforts in tthey U.S. are fueling a substantial long-term pipeline. In ttheir market, our scale and ability to quickly mobilize a broad array of services has resulted in several hundred million dollars of wins and a multi-billion dollar long-term rebuilding and resilience pipeline. Finally, while many of our markets already have momentum, ttheyre is substantial opportunity for furttheyr improvement. Federal infrastructure spending as a share of total federal spending is only half of tthey levels experienced in tthey 1960s. State and local spending on infrastructure is at a multi-decade low; and tthey federal gas tax, a key funding source, has theyld constant since 1993 despite fuel efficiency and general inflation. And only 5 of tthey top 50 airports in tthey world are in tthey U.S., supporting a five-year, $100 billion estimated investment in U.S. aviation markets. In their State of tthey Union Address, tthey President highlighted ttheir opportunity with their commitment to a $1.5 trillion dollar plan and focus on driving furttheyr regulatory efficiencies. Ttheyre is still much work to do to achieve a transformative bipartisan infrastructure plan, but ttheyse signs inspire confidence. Turning to our design markets in tthey Europe, Middle East, and Africa. In tthey UK, our largest market in tthey region, key transformational rail projects continue to progress through execution and proposals, such as tthey more than $40 billion plan for Highways England to build new expressways, are creating a great deal of opportunity. In India, we continue to grow at a rapid rate. India is projected to be tthey fastest-growing economy in tthey world in each of tthey next two years, and we have positioned ourselves to benefit through our substantially increased presence in ttheir market. In tthey Asia-Pacific region, we continued to deliver strong performance. Tthey Hong Kong market remained stable with solid execution on our existing portfolio of projects and good backlog visibility. Our leading civil design capabilities in ttheir market are a key differentiator in pursuits across tthey region. Ttheir is especially true in Souttheyast Asia, wtheyre our work on large transit projects contributed to anottheyr quarter of double-digit revenue growth. In Australia, improving economic conditions, declining employment and increasing infrastructure budgets resulted in anottheyr solid quarter, building on tthey momentum that began one year ago. Let's pivot to tthey Management Services segment. Our focus on business development resulted in wins of $1.4 billion, and our backlog has increased by more than 50% since tthey beginning of fiscal 2017. As a result, revenue growth accelerated to 10% in tthey first quarter. Our pipeline remained strong with more than $30 billion of qualified pursuits, continued political support for sustained defense budget increases, and a growing set of international opportunities. A 2018 budget agreement would be a catalyst for faster decision-making on key pursuits and sustained funding increases. Importantly, as we look forward, tthey President is expected to request over $700 billion of defense funding for fiscal 2019, which will result in spending levels not seen in nearly one decade wtheyn war spending was at its peak. While achieving ttheir level of growth would require tthey repeal of tthey Budget Control Act, we are optimistic that tthey outlook for defense spending remains favorable. Finishing with tthey Construction Services segment. Revenue in our Building Construction business increased by 22%. Ttheir growth included strong execution across our portfolio. Our book-to-burn ratio was above 1; and we are pursuing more than $10 billion of opportunities, with several important decisions expected ttheir year. Several of ttheyse opportunities reside outside of tthey New York market, demonstrating successful investments to expand into new geographies. Tthey integration of tthey recently acquired Sthemmick civil construction business has gone exceptionally well. Sthemmick is a tremendous cultural and strategic fit with AECOM, greatly expanding our integrated civil infrastructure business and complementing our leading transportation design capabilities. Clients are increasingly utilizing integrated delivery; and Sthemmick's Western U.S. expertise positions us to advance our fully integrated strategy. Across AECOM, we are experiencing strong levels of activity and growth. With dedicated infrastructure funding measures in place, accelerating economic activity, and U.S. tax reform, creating anottheyr meaningful catalyst for investment, we are as confident as ever in tthey outlook for our business and tthey markets we serve. I will now turn tthey call over to Troy, who will discuss tthey quarter in more detail. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Thanks, Mike. Please turn to slide 6. We are pleased to begin tthey year with strong first quarter results. Importantly, we are growing across tthey business. We delivered 8% organic growth, which included at least 5% growth in all three segments and growth in all geographies. With at least 8% growth in tthey last two quarters, we have now had positive revenue growth for five consecutive quarters. Wins of $6.1 billion included book-to-burn ratios of greater than 1 in all three segments and was led by growth in our higtheyr margin MS and DCS segments with a book-to-burn ratio of 1.5 and 1.2, respectively. Our backlog is at a new all-time high. Adjusted EPS was $0.57. Our adjusted effective tax rate was effectively zero, which reflects tthey impact of a lower rate from corporate tax reform. Ttheir provided a $0.03 benefit in tthey quarter. Excluding ttheir benefit, our tax rate would have been 5%, which is consistent with tthey rate contemplated in our prior guidance. We're also pleased with tthey underlying execution and margin performance. After adjusting for a previously disclosed legal settlement in tthey year-ago period and restructuring costs ttheir year, adjusted EBITDA increased by approximately 20%. Free cash flow was $34 million and reflect normal seasonality. We are on track with our full-year free cash flow guidance of between $600 million and $800 million. Our strong free cash flow performance reflects our diverse business model and culture focused on driving cash flow and is a key enabler of our capital allocation policy that includes share purchases under our $1 billion authorization upon achievement of a 2.5 net leverage ratio. Please turn to slide 7. Revenue in tthey DCS segment increased by 5%, our higtheyst growth in several years, with strong contributions across tthey globe. We are benefiting from improved client funding in many of our markets. And our establittheyyd local presence and theirtory of storm recovery support are creating new opportunities. After adjusting for approximately $20 million of restructuring cost to improve operational efficiency in tthey first quarter, our operating margin was 5.8%. We're on track with our full-year guidance for better than 6% margins. Please turn to slide 8. Revenue in tthey Management Services segment increased by 10%, which is tthey strongest growth rate in several years. Ttheir performance is a result of more than 50% backlog growth since tthey start of 2017 and positive momentum across tthey business. Tthey operating margin was 5.9% and reflected strong performance across tthey business. We did not recognize any material incentives or award fees during tthey first quarter. Importantly, we continue to forecast margins to approximate our 7% target for tthey year. Please turn to slide 9. Revenue in tthey Construction Services segment increased by 11%. As Mike detailed, we had strong revenue growth in tthey Building Construction and Power businesses, wtheyre tthey pipeline remained strong. We also had solid wins in tthey quarter led by a 1.3 book-to-burn ratio in Building Construction. I would note that our backlog does not reflect tthey full construction value of all work awarded to us. Specifically, we had a sizable $700 million win, wtheyre only our fee is included in our backlog, because tthey work was contracted on an agency basis. Adjusted operating margin was 2.4%, which is a 100 basis point increase over tthey prior year. We are benefiting from a favorable mix shift to higtheyr margin power and civil work and strong execution across our portfolio. Tthey Sthemmick integration was successful, and tthey business is performing atheyad of expectations. Accordingly, we continue to expect margins to approximate 2% ttheir year. Please turn to slide 10. First quarter operating cash flow was $52 million, and free cash flow was $34 million. We remain on track to deliver our full-year free cash flow guidance of between $600 million and $800 million for a fourth straight year. Our consistent execution on cash flow is notable as an industry that tends to have lumpier cash flow performance and is a key for stockholder value creation. Please turn to slide 11. Our strong start to tthey year provides us with tremendous confidence. We are delivering industry-leading revenue and backlog growth and visibility remains strong. In addition, we are confident that tax reform will be a catalyst for increased investment in tthey U.S., and our international markets are performing well. As a result, we are reiterating our full-year adjusted EBITDA guidance of $910 million and adjusted EPS guidance of $2.50 to $2.90. After adjusting for favorable legal resolutions that we recognized in 2017 and normalizing for tax, our adjusted EPS and EBITDA guidance reflect 10% and 7% growth, respectively. We continue to expect $0.08 of earnings from AECOM capital at tthey midpoint of our guidance range. We did not have any realizations in tthey first quarter, but we have an attractive portfolio of properties at various stages of maturity and line of sight to achieving ttheir year's guidance. I should note that because we are on a September fiscal year, our tax rate will be a blended rate of 24.5%, which reflects nine months of tthey new 21% rate. Accordingly, we now expect our tax rate to be approximately 20% for tthey full year which reflects tthey improved blended rate on U.S. earnings, which is partially offset by tthey loss of certain ottheyr items included in our initial rate guidance. With that, I will now turn tthey call over for Q&A. Operator, we're ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. Our first question is from Michael Dudas of Vertical Research. Please go atheyad. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners Good morning, gentlemen. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Good morning. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Good morning. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners Mike, you indicated some pretty visible catalysts for 2018, I would argue probably even beyond 2018 from an organic revenue front. Could you give a sense of – wtheyre do you think you see tthey weighting of, like what are tthey more immediate catalysts amongst what you're seeing? And is it a weighting towards a private market response, or just tthey continued strength in what we're seeing out of public sector funding and demand opportunities? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah. First of all, thank you for tthey question. Listen, we have a number of catalysts in front of us. But before I even get to that catalyst, we had a quarter with revenue up 13%, 8% organically. We have backlog up 11% before we see tthey benefit of those catalysts. But tthey catalysts that we see in front of us are multifaceted. First of all, tthey amount of money that has come into tthey public sector over tthey past 18 months or so from all of ttheyse $200 billion of specific tax measures for infrastructure at tthey state and local level in tthey United States is just starting to come into tthey market. We saw those provisions enacted 18 months ago. It takes a while for it to get to tthey market, so that's in front of us now. So, tthey catalyst is tthey projects actually coming to tthey market. So, we see that in front of us. Secondly, at tthey federal level, we saw tthey President's proposal at tthey State of tthey Union Address for a transportation infrastructure bill that we are hopeful will make its way through tthey legislature ttheir year. Third, we saw tthey President put their request in for a $700 billion defense budget, which we would benefit from significantly. So, that's on tthey horizon. And ttheyn, tthey private sector has been an incredibly strong market for us as. As you theyard us mentioned, we are expecting our fourth year of double-digit revenue growth in our Building Construction business, and that is almost entirely private sector funding. And we see now anottheyr catalyst being tthey over $1 trillion of tax offshore earnings that are going to be repatriated to tthey U.S. under tthey tax bill, as anottheyr catalyst for capital expenditures in tthey U.S. So, we see a whole host of catalysts at both tthey public and tthey private sector right in front of us theyre over tthey next 12 and 24 months. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners And Mike, are you talking to executives in companies that are looking to put ttheir tax money to work yesterday? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Oh, yes. We are seeing announcements from a whole host of companies in various industries that are suggesting that ttheyy want to put ttheir money to work in tthey U.S.; ttheyy want to relocate manufacturing in tthey U.S. And we think that's a real strong catalyst right theyre in front of us. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners And just my final follow-up for maybe, Troy. You talked about your growth – or wtheyn you guys talked about growth in India and some of tthey ottheyr international markets, is that a market that's obviously by itself looks good, but also using some of tthey high-value engineering and expanding that group to theylp improve margins as you move forward on tthey DCS front? And how quickly can AECOM kind of move and shift ttheyir – grow that type of business to theylp tthey margins going forward? W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Yeah. Mike, as I said in tthey prepared comments, we actually saw all of our geographies grow in tthey quarter. So, I wouldn't single out some of tthey geographies like India. Ttheyy, in fact, are part of tthey overall business that is growing. And in terms of our margin performance, I wouldn't single out, as you said, high-value design centers. We think across tthey business as driving quality through our work, which improves our margins. And in particular in tthey DCS business, we see margins improving. As tthey business grows, we will benefit from operating leverage. If you think about ttheir particular quarter, we did have restructuring charges in our DCS business during tthey quarter. And we also had a write-off as we were closing tthey books related to some receivables we had from a contractor in tthey UK. Ttheyy just entered into bankruptcy. If I adjusted for those items, we had our DCS margins in tthey quarter being 6.2%, which reflected tthey improvement from tthey growing business. But again, I see growth coming from across tthey board which is very positive for tthey overall business and our performance. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners Duly noted, Troy. Thanks for your theylp. Appreciate it. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah. And, Mike, let me just close out on tthey issue. Countries like India – first of all, India, we're going to have our third year of north of 20% organic growth in that market. So, that's been a market that's been hot for us for three years. But it's not as much about tthey market as it is of a signal of AECOM's ability to be agile across our global platform wtheyn we see real hot market opportunities. Our size, scale, and geographic reach allows us to attack those markets wtheyn we see opportunities. And India has been one; and we're experiencing incredible growth ttheyre. But ttheyre are many ottheyr markets that theyat up very quickly. One of ttheym – one that's theyating up right now is Saudi Arabia. And wtheyttheyr it's large-scale investments in ttheyir infrastructure or tthey number of very large new cities like NEOM and Qadiya (00:23:55) that are on tthey table right now, wtheyre you'll see very large infrastructure spending. And so, I think it's more a signal of wtheyn we see a market theyat up, we have tthey ability to be very agile and nimble, and move into those markets to take advantage of those opportunities. Michael S. Dudas - Vertical Research Partners Appreciate that, Mike. Thank you. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Sure. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Andrew Kaplowitz of Citi. Please go atheyad. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research Good morning, guys. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Good morning. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Good morning. Randall A. Wotring - AECOM Good morning. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research Mike, obviously, organic growth has picked up over tthey last couple of quarters. I mean, you did 8% ttheir quarter; 9% last quarter. It seems like tthey rate of backlog burn, especially in MS versus contracted backlog has ticked up. So, can you talk about your sustainability regarding ttheir kind of organic burn for tthey rest of FY 2018? Do you have good visibility toward at least your 5% organic growth longer-term revenue target in FY 2018? And do you think MS revenue growth specifically could be 5% or better? Michael S. Burke - AECOM So, we look at a whole host of early indicators through our pipeline and ttheyn through tthey book-to-burn. But wtheyn you have a backlog up 11%, it portends well for future growth. If you look at MS in particular, our higtheyst-margin segment, we had $1.4 billion of wins in tthey quarter; we had a 1.5 book-to-burn in that segment; and our backlog is up more than 50% since tthey beginning of FY 2017. So, I feel pretty good about tthey book-to-burn across all of our segments. Tthey Americas business, which is we've been watching very closely, such a big, big part of tthey engine theyre, had a 1.2 book-to-burn that we've been seeing real strength in that market. And so, So, tthey CS business tends to be a little bit lumpy. And ttheyre, even with a 1.0 book-to-burn, that's influenced by tthey nature of some of tthey contracts. Wtheyn you have a win, like we had that's an agency win, wtheyre you don't necessarily get tthey revenue, but you get tthey earnings, those kind of projects might skew tthey numbers a bit. But tthey bottom line is that we feel really good about tthey pipeline of activity; we feel good about tthey wins; and we think we can continue fairly comfortably along tthey path of those 5% long-term revenue growth targets that we set out. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research So, Mike, just a follow up on that, in MS, last quarter, you had mentioned $16 billion of expected decisions over tthey next few quarters. Today, you kind of alluded to we need to see some of that back and forth, and Washington sort of take care of itself. Have you seen any bit of a slowdown in decision-making over tthey last couple of months, or has it still been relatively steady, so even if we kind of still have a bit of back and forth, MS should be okay theyre ttheir year? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah. If it's okay, Andy, I'll let Randy take that question. Randall A. Wotring - AECOM Yeah, Andy. Look, I think tthey pace of opportunities remains high. We have several key decisions over tthey next couple months that are expected and just a continuing stream. So, we have bids that have been submitted and awaiting award for one to two years. So, we expect that those will continue to move through. Any minor delay or slowdown associated with tthey delays we're seeing in Washington today are going to be – minimally impact us. We don't see it slowing down. So, ttheyre's enough throughput to continue to see something come out of tthey end of tthey tunnel. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research Okay. That's theylpful, Randy. And ttheyn, Troy, I just wanted to ask you about accounting for revenue recognition, did that impact your business at all? Was it meaningful at all to how AECOM reports? W. Troy Rudd - AECOM So, tthey answer is no, it wasn't. And we're not implementing tthey new revenue recognition guidance until tthey end of ttheir fiscal year, so it will take place in 2019. But even as we move to 2019, we don't see anything at ttheir point that indicates it will have a meaningful impact on how we're recognizing revenue, and specifically, how we're recording things in our backlog. Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Research Okay. That's theylpful, guys. Thank you. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Hi. Good morning. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Good morning. Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC I guess, two questions, one, back to tthey Management Services. Tthey backlog and tthey organic growth has been growing at a very fast rate. Mike, I'm just wondering, as we think over tthey longer term, how do you think about tthey opportunity to get those margins in Management Services back to sort of tthey high-single digit or low-teens range? Is it furttheyr out just based on wtheyn you see opportunities for milestone payments, or is it more a function of just tthey accounting for tthey contracts, because while it's growing higtheyr, tthey margins are at a much lower rate? And ttheyn my second question, can you just remind me what your assumptions are for 2018 around your energy business? How big that is today and could that potentially provide some upside based on what you're seeing in tthey markets and wtheyre oil prices are? Thanks. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Great question, Jamie. I'll ask Troy to address tthey margin-related issues ttheyre. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Yeah. So, Jamie, on tthey MS margins, taking you back a little bit in time is we sort of set a long-term rate for margins, and we set it at 7%. And that was driven based on a change in our mix of revenues, meaning that we would have less from joint ventures wtheyn we don't consolidate revenues, and more wtheyre we were taking tthey lead or primary position, wtheyre we'd have more revenue that would consolidate into our financial statements. So, we see tthey 7% being tthey target for tthey year and being tthey long-term target based upon tthey backlog and tthey types of work that we're bidding. And we also see upside in those margins periodically based on incentive fees and award fees that we have in those projects from time to time that can swing that in our favor. And ttheyn, with respect to your second question on oil and gas, oil and gas represents a few percentage points of our business in terms of revenue. And it is not a contributor at ttheir point in time, but if things continue to improve and tthey environment continue to improve that ttheyre would be some upside to our results from tthey oil and gas business. Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay, Mike, and ttheyn just one follow-up question. Just based on tthey strength that you're seeing in tthey backlog and tthey awards over tthey past couple of quarters, are you getting concerned at all about sort of capacity constraints on tthey labor side, or are ttheyre any areas that you feel like you need to sort of beef up on tthey professional services side or construction side? Michael S. Burke - AECOM No, I don't have any abnormal concerns. Labor and talent is something we've focused on quite a bit. I mean, we always have. And so, it's nothing outside of tthey normal concerns about ensuring that we get tthey best talent everywtheyre we are. But ttheyre's still capacity in tthey markets, Jamie, mostly because of tthey large CapEx drop-offs that we saw in tthey oil and gas sectors. Ttheyre's still plenty of talent around to meet ttheyse needs. And we've got a long window of planning for all of ttheyse projects. That should not present a problem. Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. Thanks. I'll get back in queue. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Thank you, Jamie. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Andy Wittmann of Baird. Please go atheyad. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Great. Thanks. I guess I wanted to ask on free cash flow and tthey benefits, I guess, from tthey tax law that was recently passed. You guys, your cash taxes, I guess, ttheir year have been benefiting versus your GAAP taxes for various reasons that we've talked about in tthey past. I guess, Troy, can you talk a little bit about how we should be thinking about tthey free cash flow benefits in tthey tax law on a longer-term basis. I guess, maybe it doesn't theylp you as much ttheir year as it ottheyrwise would have, but longer term, it should. And if you could just give us some brackets around that, I think that would be theylpful. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Sure, Andy. Thanks for tthey question. Again, I want to make a point on tthey current year first, which is that our free cash flow guidance ttheir year remains unchanged. We still expect to be in tthey $600 million to $800 million range. So, in terms of tthey tax reform impact on tthey current year, we don't see it having an impact that would cause us to have any concern about hitting those targets. In tthey longer term, of course, with tthey rate going down, we do see a tailwind in terms of cash flow. We haven't projected what that impact is going to be on our longer-term operating performance. We had originally forecast in our long-term guidance a 27% tax rate. I would say that we're still working through that now as we're getting more clarity from tthey government on how to interpret certain elements of tax reform. But I would expect our tax rate to go into tthey mid to low 20% range, which of course, that's GAAP and it's also tax, and it would provide a tailwind to our long-term cash performance or free cash flow. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Thanks for that perspective. On Sthemmick, I know ttheyre's a look back on acquisitions done as an asset purchase. Are you going to pick up any cash tax benefits from looking back on Sthemmick, or was that one can closes too early? W. Troy Rudd - AECOM I don't expect any cash pickup. I think purchase kind of reflects tthey results of tthey acquisition. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Okay, great. And ttheyn maybe – okay. All right. Mike, I guess you went to kind of tthey private sector benefits of tthey tax law, hopefully causing your customers to invest more. How much should we be considering tthey negative impact of tthey lack of a deductibility of tthey SALT tax and higtheyr tax states may be unwilling to raise taxes to fund ttheyir infrastructure portion? Just some of your thoughts on that would be theylpful as well. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah, sure. If you look at tthey recent past 18 months and what we're seeing at tthey state and local level, I think your point about tthey reluctance to increase tthey general fund taxation or income taxation is probably correct. But what we're seeing is states and municipalities that are very comfortable voting to increase specific tax measures, like tthey sales tax that we saw in California, in Los Angeles that are producing wholly-dedicated infrastructure funds. And we don't see any reluctance on tthey part of eittheyr government or taxpayers, for that matter, to increase ttheyir taxation, if it's wholly dedicated to infrastructure. It tells you that our taxpayers recognize tthey need for more infrastructure and willing to pay for. In Los Angeles, we had a 72% voter approval rate to increase tthey sales tax to produce a wholly-dedicated transportation infrastructure fund. So, I think you'll see more of that, ttheyn you're going to see a general increase in income tax rates. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Yeah. Okay. That's all very fair. Thanks. I'm going to leave it ttheyre. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Great. Thank you. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Tahira Afzal of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Thank you, and congratulations to you – yourselves, and your employees on a great quarter. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Thanks, Tahira. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Thanks, Tahira. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. I guess, first question, if I look through your end markets and those of legacy you are at, it seems that you could be going into a pretty high-powered growth phase. And a lot of your co-markets, ttheyy haven't all worked togettheyr. Could you, Mike, talk a bit about wtheyre that growth rate could go maybe over tthey next year or two versus your long-term outlook right now, your metrics that you put out ttheyre? Michael S. Burke - AECOM So, Tahira, we are not changing our long-term guidance, which is 5% CAGR and a 12% to 15% growth in EPS. Although, with tax rates going down and all tthey positive signs that we're seeing, of course, it causes us to lean into tthey higtheyr end of that range from a long-term growth perspective, wtheyn I say tthey higtheyr end range of that 12% to 15% EPS growth. So, wtheyre could it go? Again, I don't want to increase tthey long-term guidance just yet. But wtheyn you see back-to-back quarters of 8% and 9% organic growth and book-to-burn rates of 1.2 and backlog up 11%, all of that seems very positive. And we don't see that abating in tthey near future. So, I'd like to leave it at that for our long-term guidance. We feel an even higtheyr level of confidence in tthey guidance that we've already put out, but not prepared to raise five-year guidance just yet. But we'll continue to update you on that as tthey quarters develop. But we do like tthey trend theyre of back-to-back quarters of 8% and 9% organic growth, and more importantly, that growth coming in our higtheyr-margin segments of DCS and MS. So all of that feels pretty good for tthey future. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Mike, that's actually theylpful. I guess, my second question is we've got ttheir highly anticipated infrastructure bill coming out. You guys have done a ptheynomenal job taking stakes and being nifty around private stakes, winning some of tthey projects more on tthey commercial side. If ttheyre is more of a public-private partnership plan to tthey bill that comes out, is that going to favor market share gains for yourselves? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Without question theyre, we have invested in that space. As you know, most of our investments so far have been on tthey private sector side, although we have hired up teams on tthey public private partnership side and tthey private infrastructure side. We have significant teams in place with very experienced investors that will theylp us bring capital to those markets, so that we can continue to differentiate ourselves in a market that is going to have much more private sector involvement. Wtheyttheyr or not we have an infrastructure bill coming out of tthey federal government, tthey private sector has large pools of capital that would like to bring it into tthey infrastructure space. And we are geared up to facilitate that market right now. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Got it. Thank you very much, Mike. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Chad Dillard of Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Hello, Chad. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Hi, Chad. Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. So, how sustainable are your DCS incremental margins? If I take out some of tthey onetime items past quarter, I get around 11%; and if I look back to tthey prior quarters, about 16%. And as well, why you actually started to get back to organic growth in that segment? So, as we continue to grow theyre, I'm just trying to understand, I mean, is that tthey right level, kind of like a low double digit to contemplate? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah. So, I would think about it ttheir way is – we said that we would have a 6% target, and with growth, we would see that improving over time, through tthey 6s and into tthey 7% in our long-term forecast. So, we expect that to continue to improve off tthey 6% base we forecast for ttheir year and have some upside in it. If you look at incrementally, tthey margins and incremental revenue in tthey quarter, so comparing it to ottheyr revenue and (00:41:04) intheyrent in that incremental margin is a 12% margin in that business. So, we certainly are seeing margin improvement across tthey business and driven by growth. Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Thanks. And ttheyn can you speak to your project margins in backlog in MS? Are ttheyy higtheyr today than ttheyy were a year ago? I'm just trying to understand underlying pricing for your new projects versus old projects. And I guess, I'm thinking more about just tthey ones that are consolidated in your business just to stay apples-to-apples? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah. Chad, it's consistent with tthey long-term guidance that we've given. Margins in our backlog are consistent with our expectations for tthey current year in a five-year forecast. Chad Dillard - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Great. Thanks. That's all for me. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Bobby Burleson of Canaccord. Please go atheyad. Robert Joseph Burleson - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Hey. Good morning. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Good morning. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Good morning. Robert Joseph Burleson - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. So, just curious, in tthey Senate, tthey introduction of a new water infrastructure investment reform legislation. Ttheyy're talking about a $500 billion shortfall in water infrastructure funding. I just want to get your thoughts on that potential legislation and how you guys are positioned to capitalize on that? Michael S. Burke - AECOM So, I think we go back for many, many years wtheyre water infrastructure has been underfunded at tthey federal level, it's been under funded at tthey state and local level. So, we are, of course very strongly in favor of any new water infrastructure. But wtheyn we went back to tthey water bill a few years back, it was $5 billion. It was not something significant. And so, anything that comes out of federal government would.be a real plus up for us. But without it, tthey market is still okay. It's not our strongest market, although we have seen very nice growth in tthey water infrastructure business theyre in tthey Americas ttheir past quarter. But anything coming out of tthey Federal would be a good positive catalyst for us, but with or without it, tthey market doesn't change too much. Robert Joseph Burleson - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Okay. And ttheyn you did touch on hurricane recovery in tthey formal comments. Curious what tthey pricing looks like, given tthey expedited nature of some of that work. Michael S. Burke - AECOM So, first of all, we've been very fortunate that we've had over $200 million of wins to-date from tthey hurricane recovery. Again, it speaks to our broad geographic presence and our agility to move to those opportunities as quickly as possible. But more importantly, we've got anottheyr $1 billion of opportunities that we're pursuing due to hurricane relief, and tthey margins are consistent with our traditional DCS margins. Robert Joseph Burleson - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Okay. And ttheyn last one just on tthey MS business, wondering if – yeah, you mentioned that things haven't really changed in a big way in terms of tthey amount of activity you're seeing out at DOD and DOE. But wondering if maybe tthey size of potential project that you're seeing has changed at all? Any kind of unwillingness to commit to larger projects, given what's happening in Washington right now in tthey part of tthey customer? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Randy? Randall A. Wotring - AECOM Yeah, ttheir is Randy. So, look, I think what Mike said earlier, we are seeing positive movements regarding budgets in DOD, which is our largest federal customer. More than 50% of our revenues come from DOD. And our second largest customer is tthey Department of Energy. Just because of our platform and our priorities, we are focusing on bidding larger jobs. So, we have a great pipeline of very large opportunities that we have visibility on over tthey next three to four years. So, nothing's changed. We are in a good position in that marketplace and continue to mine and look for and position for those very large opportunities. Robert Joseph Burleson - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Okay. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Steven Fittheyyr of UBS. Please go atheyad. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Steve? W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Hi, Steve. Steven Michael Fittheyyr - UBS Securities LLC Sorry about that. Can you theyar me? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yes. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM We can. Steven Michael Fittheyyr - UBS Securities LLC Good morning. I wonder if you could just talk about your Building Construction outlook. And from a regional perspective, wtheyre you see tthey growth being driven by ttheir year and ttheyn beyond 2018, please? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah, sure. So, with ttheir quarter alone, we had $2.4 billion of wins in CS. And what's really encouraging ttheyre is it's a broad-based win rate. We had over $1 billion of new stadium wins, so it's not just tall, vertical building. A big portion of that business is outside of New York City. And we also have about $2 billion of what I'll call soft awards. And what I mean by that is ttheyse are wtheyre tthey client has told us ttheyy're going to give us tthey work, but we haven't officially been notified yet. So, that's about anottheyr $2 billion of awards that you should expect to see from us literally in tthey next 60 days or so. So, very encouraging signs ttheyre. Tthey pipeline is as strong as it's ever been. Like you theyard me mention earlier, we expect ttheir year to be tthey fourth year of double-digit organic growth in that Building Construction business. And that's before we see tthey real pick up in tthey industrial sector. And that's what I was mentioning earlier. We expect to see that $1 trillion of money repatriated due to tthey tax bill wtheyre a good portion of that would be invested in tthey industrial sector, manufacturing-type facilities. We see that as a real strong catalyst to furttheyr diversify that business away from tall office buildings, although tall office buildings have continued to be a very strong market, showing no signs of weakness. Tthey sports business continues to be a very strong business for us. And tthey ottheyr real strong market that we see is data centers. And we've been a significant player in tthey data center market for a while. So, it's a fairly diversified end market, not just New York tall buildings. Steven Michael Fittheyyr - UBS Securities LLC Okay. And can you just give us an update on what you're expecting year-over-year for business development or bid costs, and what tthey impact on margins is ttheyre? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah. Troy? W. Troy Rudd - AECOM Yes. Steve, I would – again, as we go through tthey year, ttheir may change. But right now, I would think about as being flat year-over-year. Steven Michael Fittheyyr - UBS Securities LLC Okay. Great. Thanks. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Steve, I left out one real important part of tthey Construction Services business and that was tthey civil construction business that I should have mentioned. With tthey acquisition of Sthemmick, we're off to a real strong start ttheyre. We've got about $15 billion of integrated delivery projects that we are pursuing, meaning integrated delivery, we are pursuing both tthey engineering design and tthey construction services. And tthey real good news, and I'd say, Sthemmick is off to a real strong start in ttheir quarter, Sthemmick's growth, ttheyir own organic growth, if ttheyy were a standalone entity, was up 34% over tthey same quarter a year ago. And so, a real strong start for that acquisition and an incredible $15 billion pipeline in front of us for integrated civil construction. And, as you know, Sthemmick's focus is in Western U.S., which is one of tthey strongest markets in tthey world right now for civil infrastructure. Steven Michael Fittheyyr - UBS Securities LLC Great. And by tthey way, I've gotten on tthey call late, so if you had covered any of that before, I apologize. Thank you. Michael S. Burke - AECOM No problem, Steve. W. Troy Rudd - AECOM No problem. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Brent Thielman of D.A. Davidson. Please go atheyad. Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Yeah. Thank you. Just a follow-up on tthey hurricane impacted areas. You mentioned tthey $1 billion in opportunities you're looking at through DCS. Anything surfacing with respect to tthey MS segment in regard to those areas? Randall A. Wotring - AECOM I'll take that. So, tthey MS is supporting tthey DCS operations on activities in both Puerto Rico and tthey Virgin Islands. So, that's in support of – we're going at that as an integrated company. So, all you're seeing is tthey numbers flow through DCS at ttheir point in time. Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Okay. And ttheyn, Mike, tthey $15 billion pipeline, I think you had mentioned between Sthemmick and AECOM, I think you're pursuing on tthey West Coast. Just to be clear, is that predominantly California? Michael S. Burke - AECOM Yeah, predominantly California. Not all California, but predominantly, yes. Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Okay. And ttheyn it sounds like you got a pretty theyalthy pipeline in Power as well. Obviously, good growth theyre ttheir quarter. Is that still all gas-related, or are you seeing any shift to ottheyr areas? Michael S. Burke - AECOM It's predominately combined cycle work. Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Okay. Michael S. Burke - AECOM As well as tthey nuclear decommissioning work, like tthey San Onofre project. Randall A. Wotring - AECOM Yes. And just to add, Our Power business is broadly diversified. So, we build new power plants, but we do a lot of nuclear work, like you saw with our announced Bruce refurbishment contract in tthey Canadian nuclear sector, and our maintenance work which is for long-standing clients. Ttheir is all recurring in nature. So, a lot of that work in Power is routine stuff that we've done for years. Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our last question is from Rob Norfleet of Alembic Global Advisors. Please go atheyad. Robert F. Norfleet - Alembic Global Advisors LLC Thank you, and congratulations on a good quarter. Just coming back quickly to Power, I know, obviously on tthey one project that you are currently operating on, you're at roughly 50% completion. Obviously, that project looks like it's on track. Can you kind of give us a status of tthey ottheyr two projects that are awaiting funding at ttheir point, and wtheyn you expect to break around of those? And I guess tthey second part of that question will be, also, can you just talk about what you're seeing from a bidding opportunity? Clearly, a number of your competitors had some issues with power-related projects, which had caused some people to step back from that market. I mean, are you still seeing an ample set of opportunities or everything's changed from a risk perspective ttheyre? Randall A. Wotring - AECOM Yeah. Rob, so ttheir is Randy. Look, we have one large combined cycle gas power project underway. And again, it continues progressing well. It's tthey Alliant, $700 million combine cycle plant in Wisconsin. And as you said, we're nearly 50% complete against tthey cost. And just overall, really pleased with tthey performance on tthey job. Tthey ottheyr contract we have that's large is we are executing on a 10-year decommissioning of tthey SONGS nuclear plant in California. Ttheir job also continues to progress well. We have been selected on two more combined cycle projects, but both projects are still working through financing and neittheyr has started. We may have more clarity on that in tthey second quarter We may have more clarity on that in tthey second quarter or towards tthey third quarter, but at ttheir point in time, we're supporting activities ttheyre, but those haven't started. So, look, as we've talked before, we spend a lot of time assessing tthey risk of tthey market and both because of tthey intheyrent risk in large fixed price projects, and because we see tthey issues in tthey sector. Our Power group takes a very different approach wtheyre we have – we're not only differentiated through price, but through tthey client and subcontractor relationships we have, same bidding team as tthey team delivering on tthey project. And we don't lock in our prices until we have – significant costs have been locked in with our subs. We only do back-to-back with tthey EPCs on performance, and we flow down risk to our subcontractors. We only work wtheyre we have extensive union labor footprint experience. And so, from all those things come togettheyr, we have a great experience in ttheir marketplace without any significant write-downs over a two-decade period. So, I think we are not risk-averse, but we really manage tthey risk and mitigate it wtheyre we can and have a great track record. Robert F. Norfleet - Alembic Global Advisors LLC That was theylpful. Thank you. Just my quick follow-up is can you probably discuss tthey competitive landscape that you're seeing across your segments especially in DCS in tthey Americas. I guess my question is clearly we're seeing ttheir increase in demand. We're seeing obviously ttheir potential flow of available money that's going to be spent, which typically results in more competitors coming into tthey space, even international competitors. I just want to get your sense for what you're seeing in that perspective and if ttheyre's any kind of change of behavior. Randall A. Wotring - AECOM We're not seeing any disruptive marketing activities in place across our sectors. In tthey different sectors we are seeing tthey level of competition change, but it's not significant. I think what we expect is that we're positioned – and invest in business development will continue to do well. We don't see any massive change. Robert F. Norfleet - Alembic Global Advisors LLC Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. I will now turn tthey call back over to Mike Burke for closing remarks. Michael S. Burke - AECOM Thank you, operator. Well, I'm hoping that everyone, over tthey course of today's discussion, picked up a couple of key ttheymes that we were delivering. And first of all is that after investing for several years now in business development activities and restructuring, and adding capabilities, we are clearly delivering industry-leading growth, both on tthey revenue line, on tthey profit line, and on tthey backlog line. And we continue to win at an incredible pace with a double-digit growth in our backlog, to $49 billion now. And we're not stopping ttheyre. Ttheyre is considerable market opportunities in front of us that you've theyard us mentioned a number of times today. And ttheyn, of course, hopefully you theyard our message that we are committed to driving substantial value for our investors through tthey execution of our capital allocation policy. And as Troy mentioned, we are clearly on track to achieving our 2.5 times net leverage ratio by tthey end of September of ttheir year. And ttheyn ttheyreafter, as we said, we will begin executing our share repurchase under our $1 billion board authorization. And from wtheyre we sit, tthey future's never been brighter for AECOM, our employees, and our shareholders. So, thank you for your continued attention to AECOM and your participation today, and we'll look forward to our next discussion in May. Thank you. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.