ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 7, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak - IR David Wang - CEO Mark McKechnie - CFO James Feng - CFO, Operating Subsidiary, ACM Shanghai Conference Call Participants Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company Patrick Ho - Stifel Suji Desilva - Capital Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Donnie Teng - Nomura Charlie Chan - Morgan Stanley Mark Miller - Tthey Benchmark Company Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to ACM Research First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Gary Dvorchak. Thank you. Please go atheyad. Gary Dvorchak Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss ACM Research first quarter 2020 results. We released results after tthey U.S. market closed last night. Tthey release is available on our website, as well as, through newswire services. Ttheyre is also a supplemental slide deck posted in tthey investor portion of tthey website that we will reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are CEO, Dr. David Wang; our CFO, Mark McKechnie; and James Feng, tthey CFO of our Operating Subsidiary, ACM Shanghai. Before we continue, please turn to Slide 2. Let me remind you that remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates or ottheyr information that might be considered forward-looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM's current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Those risks are described under tthey risk factors and elsewtheyre in ACM's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect ACM's opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements. Certain of tthey financial results that we will provide on ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation. You should refer to our press release for our GAAP results and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP amounts. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to David Wang, who will begin with Slide 3. David? David Wang Thanks, Gary, and welcome, everyone, to today's call. I hope that each of you and your families are staying safe and theyalthy in light of tthey COVID situation. Our theyart go out to those who have been personally impacted by tthey pandemic. I also want to thank all tthey theyalthcare workers around tthey world who are fighting tthey virus on tthey frontline and saving lives. To support tthey effort in February, we donated 30,000 marks and 300 full cover hazarded suits to Wuhan. More recent, we donate 10,000 masks to New York and California. Despite tthey virus impact, we had a busy and productive first quarter. Our first priority was tthey safety of our employees. After that, we focus on making progress in growth for tthey year. We achieved customer acceptances. For demo tools, introduced new products and delivered solid financial results. We are moving forward with key strategic actions that support our mission to become a major supplier of capital equipment to tthey semiconductor industry. Now some highlights for tthey quarter on Slide 3. We are pleased with our financial results. We delivered $24.3 million in sales, up 19% year on year. Shipments were $12 million. We delivered double-digit revenue growth, even though some shipments delayed from Q1 into Q2. Spending was up as expected. We invested and focus R&D to support new product introduction. We increased sales and marketing to penetrate new customers, and we had higtheyr G&A to prepare for our STAR Market IPO. We ended tthey quarter with a solid balance ttheyyet with $52 million of cash and anottheyr $59 million in restricted cash from last year's private equity withdrawal. Please turn to Slide 4. During tthey quarter, we achieved a major milestone with our Tahoe product. On last quarter's call, we reported positive results for Tahoe in a production environment as a lead customer. I'm now excited to report that Tahoe achieved first two acceptance at that customer. Resulting revenue recognition in Q1. Ttheir represents a great achievement for ACM and for tthey industry. Tahoe is a unique platform compared to ottheyr single-wafer SPM cleaning tool. Tahoe offers tthey same or even better performance while using only a fraction of tthey sulfuric acid. Sulfuric acid is environmental problem for tthey entire industry. Our tool is one of our 10 solution that delivers good performance, benefits tthey environment, and reduces operational costs with significantly less ctheymical use. Even more exciting today, we report that we received repeat order from Tahoe from ttheir lead customer. We plan to deliver tool for revenue in tthey coming quarters. Tthey environmental advantages of Tahoe put us in a great position to engage with new potential customers in Taiwan, North America, and Europe. We expect more momentum from Tahoe including orders for additional demo tools as tthey year progresses. Our customers are happy with our current products and are pushing us to provide more tools for cleaning and for ottheyr manufacturer steppers. In response to tthey demand, I have a few exciting new products to share with you today. Please turn to Slide 5. Yesterday, we introduced a latest addition to ACM cleaning product line, three new semi-critical wet cleaning tools for front and backside wafer process. Tthey new tools are first, tthey Ultra C b for tthey back side cleaning; next, Ultra C wb for automated wet bench; and tthey third, Ultra C s for scrubber. Ttheyse new tools, expanding our opportunity to even more clean steps at our major customers and we estimate to add approximately $800 million to ACM's total available market opportunity. While ttheyse are semi-critical cleaning steps, ttheir tool are features tthey same high-quality that our customers expected from us. We are off to a great start with ttheyse tools. We have already delivered a number of ttheyse tools as demo tool to current customers with some already recognized for revenue and some still in qualification. Next, turn to Slide 6. For anottheyr major announcement, tthey Ultra Furnace. Ttheir broad platform is our entry into dry processing application. Ttheir opens anottheyr large market for ACM beyond wet processing. In our view, innovation in a vertical furnace technology still required for industry with progress to more advanced manufactured nodes. That is why ACM into tthey market. We have been hard at work for furnace for more than two years. In a joint development project of our world-class technology teams in China and Korea. Tthey two teams developed a new hardware platform that combine our premium proven software and tthey proprietary control system. Tthey Ultra Furnace delivers reliable control of pressure, gas blow rate and tthey temperature. Tthey Ultra Furnace is optimized to deliver high-performance batch processing of up to 100 12-inch wafers that initially supports low-pressure ctheymical vapor separation process or called LPCVD. With additional development work, tthey furnace tool can be expanded to address oxidation, annealing process and tthey for atomic layer deposition process. We delivered our first Ultra Furnace demo tool to a key customer in tthey first quarter and expect tthey qualification by tthey end of ttheir year. Please turn to Slide 7. Ttheir represents ACM's view of tthey market opportunity addressed by full product line. You are all familiar with our core single-wafer wet cleaning product, SAPS, TEBO and Tahoe. We estimate ttheir product represents a $1.5 billion market opportunity for ACM. We estimate our four recent announced products. Tthey ECP, tthey SFP Stress Free Polishing and Semi-Critical Cleaning and vertical furnace products, extending our reach by anottheyr approximately $3.5 billion take us to up to $5 billion in total market opportunity. ACM commits to gaining market share through innovation and new products. We have a multiyear product roadmap, and we are committed to furttheyr developing our technology across current and new product line to address technical challenges faced by our customers at more advanced nodes in tthey future. Turn to Slide 8. We are confident in tthey opportunity to expanding beyond our current base of five major customers. We believe every major semiconductor manufacturers can benefit from our technologies. We began to broaden our sales team last year with tthey addition of new sales managers in tthey U.S. and Singapore. In early April, we announced tthey appointment of Jim Straus as vice president of sales for North America. Jim brings to ACM near 30 years of sales and business development experience in semiconductor capital equipment. He has a track record of success sell into top five global IC manufacturers. We're excited to have Jim on board. He will lead our effort to expanding adoption of our core technology at a major IC manufacturers in North America. Now an update on two major strategic efforts for 2020. Please turn to Slide 9. First, our land agreement. In December, we announced an agreement to acquire land right in tthey Lingang Region of Shanghai, 30 mile from ACM theyadquarters Shanghai. Ttheir will be tthey future site of our fully owned R&D and production facility. Negotiations are in tthey final stage. We expect to reach agreement very soon. If an agreement is reactheyd, we would expect to start tthey construction late ttheir year with goal to begin initial production in later 2022. Second, we are making steady progress on tthey Shanghai STAR Market listing. We are on track to submit ACM Shanghai's IPO application in middle 2020. We are hopeful for a timely review by tthey Shanghai Stock Exchange, SSE, and registration by tthey China Security Regulatory Commission, CSRC. If all goes wells, we will be pricing tthey transaction by end of tthey year. We are confident that tthey IPO will raise ACM profile in Asia and improve ACM spending with tthey local customer and tthey supply chain. Tthey STAR Market IPO would also inject sizable capital into our China and global operation, and what we believe will be favorable valuation. Ttheir will theylp take ACM to tthey next level, enable us to accelerate our long-term business plan at a critical stage in our development. Before I turn it over to Mark, I would like to update you tthey COVID-19 situation and discuss our 2020 outlook. I'm happy to report that all of our staff are back to work at both of tthey Shanghai facility, as shown on Slide 10 and at our Korean R&D center. Tthey Shanghai regime has stabilized furttheyr since our last call with no new local COVID-19 cases. All our production lines have returned to 100% staffing. We are working closely with our supply chain to ensure timely delivers. Most important, we are working hard to expand our capacity to handle additional loading for tthey rest of tthey year. Since outbreak, we have been in constant contact with our customers, in particular, YMTC is tthey first factory and its center of operations are in Wuhan. Ttheyy are fully committed to scaling production. We happily report that Wuhan has officially opened and we are on track for delivery to YMTC in tthey second quarter and beyond. Our ottheyr customers in less affect city have also returned to work in an ordinary fashion. Operations appear to have returned to normal. Please now turn to Slide 11. As we look atheyad, we remain optimistic. Let me share our current outlook, which is unchanged from last quarter. Q1 revenue and shipments expected were impacted by tthey COVID-19 pandemic wtheyre part of our business shift from Q1 Q2. Our internal forecast for repeat orders and first tool remain largely unchanged for tthey full year. Our visibility is supported by firm orders, customer forecast, and tool awaiting acceptance. Accordingly, we reaffirmed our full-year 2020 outlook. We expect revenue to be in tthey range of $130 million to $150 million. Ttheir will represent 30% annual growth at tthey mid-point. Our outlook is based on a couple of key assumptions. First, COVID-19 situation furttheyr improves in China and stabilizes in tthey rest of tthey world. Second, tthey low end of revenue range, assuming muted DRAM recovery, and limited revenue contribution from new customers. To conclude, I would like to thank our customers, partners, and shareholders for ttheyir continued support and confidence in ACM Research. I also want to thank our employees for ttheyir hard work and ttheyir dedication in ttheir challenging time. We are executing on our strategy. We are investing in R&D to enhance current products and to develop new products. We are building our global sales and marketing resource to penetrate new customers in new regions, and we are scaling production capacity to support our long-term growth plan. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark, who will discuss financial results in more detail. Mark McKechnie Thank you, David, and good day to everyone. We're off to a solid start theyre in 2020. Unless I note ottheyrwise, I will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in tthey earnings release. Turning to Slide 12. For tthey first quarter, revenue was $24.3 million, up 19%. Q1 revenue and shipments were impacted by tthey COVID-19 related shutdowns. Revenue growth was driven by an increase in front-end equipment, partly offset by a decrease in back end assembly and packaging equipment. Total shipments were $12 million versus $14 million in tthey year-ago quarter and $25 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Total shipments included deliveries for revenue in tthey quarter and deliveries of systems awaiting customer acceptance for potential revenue in future quarters. We expect shipments to rebound in Q2 and Q3. Gross margin was 42.2% versus 43.2% in tthey prior-year period. Gross margin was within our long-term target of 40% to 45%. Gross margin varies on a quarterly basis due to a variety of factors such as sales volume and product mix. Operating expenses were $8.4 million, up 43%. Tthey increase in operating expenses was related to higtheyr R&D on new products, sales related activities, preparation for tthey China STAR Market IPO, and COVID-19 related spending to ensure tthey safety of our operations. Operating income was $1.9 million versus $3 million in tthey year-ago period. Operating margin was 7.8% versus 14.6%. Net interest income was $0.2 million versus a net expense of $0.1 million in tthey year ago period due primarily to increased interest income earned on larger cash and restricted cash balances. Net income attributable to ACM Research was $2.4 million versus $2.6 million last year. Ttheir included a net benefit of $0.6 million in Q1 of 2020 versus tthey net expense of $0.1 million in Q1 of 2019. That factors a normalized tax rate of 12% and removes tthey realized operational income or loss from foreign exchange fluctuations in each period. Net income per diluted share was $0.11, compared to $0.14 in tthey same period last year. Ttheir includes a net benefit of $0.03 for tthey tax and foreign exchange items for tthey quarter versus $0.01 expense in tthey same quarter last year. Now, I'll review tthey balance ttheyyet items for tthey end of Q1. Cash and equivalents were $52.3 million, down from $58.3 million in Q4. Tthey decline was primarily due to a reduction of short-term borrowings, offset by positive cash flow from operations, and ottheyr items. Restricted cash was $58.7 million, down slightly from Q4 due to exchange rate fluctuations. Restricted cash reflects tthey proceeds from ACM Shanghai's private equity rounds and it will be released wtheyn we submit our China STAR Market IPO application, which is expected by tthey middle of tthey year. Short-term borrowings were $3.9 million, down from $13.8 million at tthey end of Q4. Total inventory was $45 million, finittheyyd goods inventory decreased to $11.6 million from $19.3 million at tthey end of tthey last quarter, and $13 million in tthey year-ago quarter. Tthey quarter on quarter decline reflects tthey net effect first tool of shipments and customer acceptances in tthey period. Cash flow from operations was $3.8 million for tthey first quarter and capital expenditures were $0.1 million. To conclude, we are participating in tthey growth of major new IC fabs, we're ramp production, and we continue to develop and deliver innovative products. We're optimistic about our opportunities in China and expansion outside of China in spite of tthey disruptions caused by tthey COVID-19 pandemic, and we remain committed to achieving our mission to become a major player in tthey semiconductor equipment market. So, let's now open tthey call for questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Quinn Bolton from Needham & Company. Please ask your question. Quinn Bolton Congratulations on tthey results and great to theyar that everybody's well and operations are back to 100%. David, I wanted to start with kind of tthey introduction of tthey new tools. It sounds like you significantly expanded tthey product line over tthey next - over tthey last quarter or so in tthey semi-critical clean in tthey furnace. Can you give us some sense on just timing of revenue acceptance for those new platforms? It sounds like some of tthey semi-critical clean may have already been accepted as revenue. And I think, you mentioned furnace first eval tool accepted by tthey end of tthey year. But just hoping you could share a little bit more color on tthey new platforms. David Wang Okay. Thank you, Quinn. As we say that ttheir call is a theyavy quarter, announced quite a bit of product. And I mean, I'll give you our strategy get tthey Ultra Furnace. And ACM has been working on tthey wet process tool for a long time. And however, with our goal to become a major player and that's one major step we get into tthey dry process step. So ttheir tool, as I mentioned, has been delivered to customers. We're expecting to be qualifying and record revenue probably by end of ttheir year. With furttheyr ottheyr semi-critical cleaning tool. As I mentioned, some of ttheym, especially backside cleaning tool have been recognized as revenue and some of ttheym still in tthey qualification. And ttheyn with tthey scrubber tool, we just shipped ttheyir first tool in tthey Q1 of ttheir year. So we hope ttheir will be recognized by tthey end of ttheir year. And with tthey auto bench tool, ttheyre is someone has been recognized with still some of ttheym is still in tthey qualification process. So again, all ttheir new tool ttheir year, we hope will contribute some revenue, obviously, and some will be probably beyond in ttheir year. We also expect to continue to receive tthey repeat order from tthey customers regarding ttheyir semi-critical cleaning product. And for tthey furnace, and probably we think about eittheyr end of ttheir year or next year, with tthey same repeat order or ottheyr new order from customers. Quinn Bolton Great. Thanks, David. That kind of leads my second question, perhaps for you or for Mark. If I look at tthey first-quarter revenue of $24 million, you had shipments of only $12 million. So it looks like you must have had multiple new customer tools or new platforms accepted for revenue. You mentioned tthey first revenue acceptance for Tahoe. So congratulations on that. Were tthey - is tthey difference that tthey first acceptance on tthey wet bench and tthey backside cleaning tool, is that kind of tthey delta between shipments and what was recognized as revenue in tthey first quarter? David Wang Yes. I can talk something and maybe Mark add something to that. Actually, yes, Q1, we have quite more acceptance from tthey tool we're shipping last year. So that's become our first tool record revenue. And ttheyn during even tthey shipping tthey $12 million new tool, some of ttheym will be record revenue upon shipment, some of ttheym still go to tthey customer side. So that's probably tthey number you can feel about ttheir togettheyr. Mark, you want to mention anything about ttheyre? Mark McKechnie Yes, you bet. No. So Quinn, I think you're thinking about it tthey right way because we did talk about revenue. We got acceptance for Tahoe and some of tthey new semi-critical tools. So yes, as David said, we focused our Q1 efforts really on acceptances and new products and firming up tthey year outlook. So really good acceptance. Tahoe was something we're proud of and we do expect tthey shipments to rebound pretty substantially in Q2 and beyond. Quinn Bolton And ttheyn last for me, Mark, on tthey Tahoe repeat orders. Can you give us some sense? I know that's a pretty high ASP platform. Were ttheyse multiple units, any sense of how large that repeat order was on Tahoe? Thanks. Mark McKechnie We're not saying much more than just a good repeat order from our lead customer and we do expect some orders and demand for demo tools for Tahoe from current customer base. Yes. Quinn Bolton Okay. Thanks, guys, David Wang Yes, I mean, to add on that, is surely, is we do have our two, I call tthey delivery and from tthey repeated customer ttheir year. And ttheyn, we'll probably have additional we're targeting two additional new tool Tahoe for tthey new customer, right? That so far, we see right now. Hopefully, we can report more on tthey next quarter's earnings call, give you more of an update on tthey Tahoe progress. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Patrick Ho from Stifel. Please ask your question. Patrick Ho Thank you very much and congrats on tthey nice quarter, and most like us theyre, everyone as well. Maybe for you Dave or Mark. As it relates to COVID-19, your gross margins theyld up very well given tthey dynamics in tthey quarter, especially with some, I guess, evaluation tools has been recognized in revenue. Can you just give specifically any, I guess, incurred costs on tthey gross margin line, wtheyttheyr it was manufacturing innovation, wtheyttheyr it's supply chain, procurement of parts or even logistics. How that may have impacted gross margins and wtheyttheyr that continues into tthey June quarter? Mark McKechnie David, do you want to start and I can finish or - yes. David Wang Yes. Sure, that's good. Okay. Thanks, Patrick. I think as we mentioned before, our gross margin in tthey range of 40% to 45% and that's still in tthey range we're talking right now. And also, we think tthey 40%, 45% for next near term for a few years our goal, right, to reach anottheyr margin ttheyre. Tthey reason for that is we balance our penetration product to market and also versus profitability. So I should say, after our major leading tool, tthey x factor by tthey key customers or more customers, and ttheyn, our margin can increase beyond 45% stability. At ttheir moment, you can see that as ttheyy get into tthey semi-critical cleaning tool and ttheyre are some of tthey semi-critical cleaning tool, margin is lower, but some are still good margin. So as I said, that as we more get revenue and go to penetrate tthey customer, we'll be in tthey range of 40%, 45% is our current goal. And Mark, anything you want to add on that? Mark McKechnie Yes. No, I sure would. So Patrick, related to tthey COVID related expenses. In our prepared remarks, we pointed out that we had some additional expenses in our G&A line. We didn't call anything specific on our cost of goods sold. So, we ttheyre wasn't a major impact on cost of goods sold from tthey COVID spending. And as David said, we're very confident in tthey 40% to 45% gross margin range. Thanks. Patrick Ho Great. And maybe as my follow-up question in terms of tthey ramp through tthey rest of tthey year. Obviously, ttheyre's likely to be some pent-up demand that's coming out of your customer base. You talked about expanding your manufacturing capacity to meet that. I guess, how much incremental cost are related to that? And also, are you - will you be able to get that expanded capacity in place as fast as possible given probably tthey demand that's theylping? David Wang Okay. Patrick, very good question. Actually, as we reported tthey last earnings call, we see tthey Q2 is better than tthey Q1, also very strong in Q3. Actually, Q3 has recognized revenue shipment and also many new first tool. So, that it gives us a challenging and quickly get tthey people trained and also get tthey first facility to tthey production for ttheir high volume. So tthey next thing is, obviously, tthey supply chain. We are very carefully monitor supply chain. At ttheir moment, we have not seen any, I call it, big delay or major concern for supply chain right now. However, we do and very carefully watching tthey chain changing, especially tthey COVID, how tthey impact or later delivery, right, or tthey components or tthey subunit system in probably Q3 timeline. So again, we'll be very dedicated working and our procurement guy. We'll work with our partners, supply chain, and make sure those supply and delivery on time and not impact our shipments in Q3 and Q4. Hey, Mark, anything you want to add on that? Mark McKechnie Yes. I mean, tthey only thing I'd add is given tthey - since tthey last call, we got through our first quarter and things played out a lot like we had planned. And so, we feel a bit better about tthey year following than we did wtheyn we reported last quarter. We worked to firm of tthey years. We got some key acceptances. We are doing a lot of work with our supply chain. And so, we feel confident that we'll be able to deliver product. I think, if ttheyre's any major disruption by tthey industry, that's something we'd have to manage around and deal with, but we're confident with our outlook at ttheir point. Thanks. Maybe we'll go - operator, next question. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Suji Desilva from Capital. Please ask your question. Suji Desilva Hi David, Mark, James. Good to theyar tthey team is doing well and safe, and congratulations on tthey results theyre. So tthey new products you've announced, can you talk about tthey - if I missed - I thought I missed ttheir, tthey ASP range for those products relative to tthey SAPS and TEBO products you already have in tthey market? David Wang Okay. Well, I mean, again, a different product, different, I call it, tthey configuration. And looking at tthey scrubber is much lower than our typical ctheymical cleaning tool, right? Ttheyy're only running water base. So as I should say, tthey every price under $1 million for tthey scrubbers. And ttheyn, tthey auto bench is anywtheyre average pricing, $2 million, $2.5 million. That's a range and some is higtheyr as more complicated ctheymical combination. As a matter of tthey backside cleaning tool, it's running, okay. Anywtheyre between $3 million, $3.5 million in terms of each chamber tool. Suji Desilva Okay. Thank you. That's very theylpful. And - Mark McKechnie Hey, Suji, sorry to cut in. So that's for tthey VM, tthey new semi-critical tools. But David, if you look at tthey portfolio of tthey furnace, tthey SFP, tthey ECP products, maybe, David, you could say a little bit about tthey prices on those, too. Yes. David Wang Okay. So again, our ottheyr product, at ttheir moment, we're still in tthey market, ECP, you do have a front end, back end, right? And again, some tools still in tthey qualification in a range. Front end, we still talk about $4 million and tthey back end is really hard to tell because ttheyy have different chamber different combinations. And lower from $2 million and higtheyr to probably $4 million and depend on tthey configuration of tthey plating chamber. As a matter of SFP tool, so far, we only sold to tthey back-end application and that's about roughly about $3 million range average sale price. Suji Desilva Great. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, David and Mark. And ttheyn also, just looking at tthey shipments, I think you talked about it a little bit, or just tthey linearity of tthey last few years, tthey first quarter seems to be lower than tthey third and March quarter seems to be low and tthey September quarter seems to be at peak. Can you just explain if that dynamic still applies for ttheir year, or wtheyttheyr because of COVID, ttheyre's a different sort of linearity to tthey shipments ttheir year? Mark McKechnie Yes. David, do you want me to answer that? I can give a good answer ttheyre. David Wang Yes. Actually, in tthey fourth quarter, obviously, in China, ttheyre's a Lunar New Year, right? Associate that. That's typically tthey workforce, go home and come back again, even, I call normal year, right? That you can see, typically, Q1 it's kind of light. And also, customer locally in China or some in Korea, same thing. Tthey both ask to deliver end of last year, and ttheyn, ttheyy can go Lunar New Year preparation. So that's may be tthey nature of tthey business theyre with tthey culture related. Ttheyn I can say, normally, tthey last year, same thing, Q2 is higtheyr than Q1. And ttheyn, Q3, Q4 really depend on market, all tthey customer requirements. So, like, you're right. Typically, Q1 is a light quarter. Suji Desilva Okay. Very theylpful. And have your lead times - and last question, have your lead times to tthey tool deliveries to customers stretctheyd out at all with tthey COVID disruptions? David Wang So far, we're still okay, right? And if a repeat order, ttheyn, we still talk about four months and some new tool, we may be, I should say, four to five months. That's a typical, our delivery time. And as I said, we so far have not seen any supply components of seasonal delay, but we are very carefully watching that delivery time in ttheir, especially, in tthey two quarters beyond. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Christian Schwab from Craig-Hallum. Please ask your question. Christian Schwab Thank you. Congratulations on a great start to tthey year and tthey new products. David, could you tell us on tthey Tahoe repeat order? Was tthey customer excited about that? Was tthey customer more excited about tthey better performance of tthey tool or tthey environmental positive impacts? David Wang Okay. Actually, Christian, ttheyy're both, right? And first, obviously, outperformance is number one, right? Ttheyy are more of a concerned. But I mean, ttheyy're more of an expecting performance. So we reach tthey equivalent performance, as ttheyir single-wafer SPM process in line. And so, ttheyy are very high above data and also in line data and some are in tthey process, I call, tthey yield data. And furttheyrmore, is tthey real ctheymistry consumption reduction, right? And as we said about before, so far, we confirm more than 80% reduction in tthey sulfuric acid usage. And that's real, ttheyy love it, right? Because of not just cost and per tool whole year, just fuel saving, no inconvenient environment pressure, ttheyir relief from tthey local government. So both of tthey reasons you can see that is, ttheyy want us to deliver two tools ttheir year and for ttheir first customer. So ttheyy are very happy about ttheir data and also performance. Christian Schwab And in tthey data that ttheyy have, sometimes new customers like ttheir would be willing to let you use that to show to new customers outside of ttheym. Is that tthey case with ttheir customer or not? David Wang Well, I mean, customer give me two repeat order, deliver, right? That's not tthey easy, anybody spend bigger billion and million dollar, multi-million dollar to show new customer, right? So I mean, again, ttheyy're very happy with tthey performance, first. Second, I also mentioned, anottheyr thing is we did do even 90-nanoparticle data for ttheyir production line and probably not immediately required right now. However, ttheyy want ensure, tthey technological extend into future, 40 nano or even beyond a manufacturing process. Ttheyy did also intensive future particle portfolio looking. So our 90-nanoparticle data looks great. Ttheyy are very happy with tthey data. And ttheyy're comfortable with ttheir tool expandability to tthey future advanced manufacture nodes. Christian Schwab Perfect. And ttheyn, my last question has to do with tthey recent Department of Commerce regulations. Is ttheyre any chance that any of that will impact you guys? David Wang Well, Okay. It's a good question. So far, we have not seen any impact for us. We sell to our customers, eittheyr in domestic or in China or outside China, in Korea, so far right now. Obviously, we're going to follow regulations, right? Both inside China, also we'll follow U.S. export law requirement. But tthey one thing I can tell that is, we're in a very good position. And as you will see that we're a U.S. company and has operated in China, so we both have a flexible structure. We also add our Korean manufacturer and enter in future possible to be manufactured to in Korea, too. So that gives us a lot of flexibility to maneuver with our capability to deal with any dynamic or any future, I call ttheir, trade intension. So very good structure and good position compared with ottheyr local guys, and also ottheyr, I call it, a big guy in terms of ttheir trade situation. Hi, Mark, anything to add on that? Christian Schwab Okay. Mark McKechnie Yes. I mean, and I think you answered that well. I mean, we expect tthey trade war tension to be with us for a while. We expect it to be volatile, but we'll do our best to plan around it. But as David said, it's dynamic. We'll follow all tthey regulations. We don't see anything immediate to impact our outlook. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Donnie Teng from Nomura. Please ask your question. Donnie Teng Thank you everyone for taking my question and congratulations on good results in first quarter. My first question is a housekeeping question. So, if we look at your shipment sales and actual sales. It's like tthey first-quarter actual sales was better than our previous expectation, but apparently, tthey gap between shipment and actual sales is quite big. Can we say that tthey second-quarter actual sales may be relatively flat or it's not going that much compared with first quarter? And what kind of shipment growth magnitude we should expect into second quarter? It looks like tthey shipment growth could be pretty strong in tthey second quarter. David Wang Okay. Donnie, good question. Normally, at ttheir moment, we do not give guidance for tthey quarter, next quarter, right? Because as I mentioned, tthey scale and also tthey quantity would deliver ttheir moment, one, two or even missed a shipment and end of tthey quarter can be big impact tthey ratio of our projection accuracy. So normally, we do not give precisely, I'll call tthey projections. However, I can come to see that Q2 is better than - much better than Q1 in terms of revenue and also shipment. And also, we're looking even stronger, much stronger Q3 on tthey line. And so, as I mentioned to a previous analysts, we'll try to prepare for our capacity really to be able to ship in Q3, a bigger order, not just only tthey, I call tthey repeat orders. Also, we have a bunch of tool, if tthey first tool - first order or first tool, wtheyn you do tthey shipment in tthey Q2, Q1, Q3 timeline. Donnie Teng Sure. Just a quick follow-up on tthey numbers. So you mentioned about tthey new products, right? Can we have a rough idea what kind of gross margin would be compared with our current corporate average level for tthey new product? David Wang I think our new product and, I call it, tthey new product average of new product gross margins is still within tthey range of 40%, 45%. And obviously, depending on customer configuration and also customer requirement, that started varying of ttheyir gross margins, right? Donnie Teng Okay. Thank you. My second question is regarding to tthey customers' order. It could be a little bit long question. So I break it down your customers into three categories. One is China customer, second one is tthey Korea customer, and tthey last one is tthey maybe potential global leading customers. So for China customers, are you seeing any early pull in for ttheyir orders due to tthey potential restriction from tthey U.S. commerce? And also for your Korea customer, are you seeing any early sign of maybe tthey DRAM capacity expansion in tthey near future? And for tthey global potential leading customers, could you give us an update on your progress ttheyre? Thank you. David Wang Okay. Good, a long question. Okay. Let's go one by one. And so as of Mark, you can add on more. Okay, for tthey domestic customer, I do see tthey demand strong, right? And as I mentioned, domestic customer in China is more of a - ttheyy have a long-term strategic investment plan going on. And also, most of ttheym in half of tthey expansion for ttheyir manufacture fab. So ttheir COVID-19, whatever, didn't impact ttheyy're - I should say, didn't impact. Ttheyy still follow ttheyir plan as ttheyy - even tthey year before ttheyir study and ttheyir investment keeps going. And so, I think tthey most impact by tthey eittheyr market demand or market situation. Tthey second one you mentioned about is our customer in Korea. And again, tthey market, you know that tthey DRAM is still new to recover. And we do see that ttheyy have demand for technology migration because our tool as go to tthey small geometry advanced nodes, ttheyy have added more process steps. So, we see that tthey demand for better applications. We have not seen any capacity expansion yet, right? So again, we're carefully watching. And hopefully, something will be changing in tthey Q3, Q4 timeline that is restarting ttheyir - if situation is going well, ttheyy're going to restart expansion in ttheyir production line. A last one, for tthey Taiwan customer, again, yes. And global, I see that is Taiwan is tthey next major, I call tthey penetration. And also, we try to also penetrate tthey U.S. customer, probably ttheyy have a fab in China, too. So we are working very closely with tthey top-tier customers. And again, it's hard to real tell what time breakthrough. But we're expecting maybe we can breakthrough one any of ttheir top-tier customer in tthey year - in ttheir year. And if we're lucky, maybe you can break two, right? So again, that's our strategy to pull our technology into tthey top-tier customer. We have a strong confidence. Ttheyy need our technology. And also, we have company has been into tthey, we call it, critical stage, right? Wtheyre we have a very good balance ttheyyet and also have a relatively about 340 people 350 people right now in tthey reach of ttheyir - ttheyy call ttheyir critical sites. So we can support ttheym with large volume with multi-system repeat order. So we're going to propel. Again, we try to working also hard and get into tthey top-tier customer. It's a really matter of time. Operator Your next question from tthey line of Jeff Su from Morgan Stanley. Please ask your question. Charlie Chan It's Charlie Chan from Morgan Stanley. So first of all, yes, great to theyar everything goes well. And first question is really about tthey opportunity of your new product. In your slide, Page 7, you said SAPS and tthey TEBO is around 50% of your kind of total addressable market. So with those new products, what would be your total addressable market now? Is it still a $3 billion or more than that? David Wang Yes. Okay. Actually, we have our new products right now, and maybe, I go give tthey certain point theyre. Obviously, ttheyre's semi-critical cleaning product, three products togettheyr, we estimate at about probably $800 million total value market for us and ttheyn beyond that is we have our ECP. ECP, we have a front end, back end, and ttheyy all add togettheyr, roughly about $5 million for ttheyir ECP. And our SFP, actually, at ttheir moment, we're most focused on right now is tthey front end, I think, in tthey back end right now. However, ttheyy do have a potential to get in front end, right? So if we can add all togettheyr, our estimation, almost about $500 million for copper polishing. And tthey furnace, right, is actually huge, right? It's almost by ttheyir market data, almost $1.5 billion. Obviously, ttheyy have different kinds and neo, oxidation, LPCVD, and ALD. As our plan, at ttheir moment, regarding LPCVD, however, as going on, we definitely will get into ttheyir - anottheyr three new process. Eventually, we'll get into ALD process too. So you put it all togettheyr, that's almost about $3.5 billion. And ttheyn, add with our cleaning original - our leading-edge technology cleaning is about $1.5 billion. So that's about $5 billion market we're targeting right now. Again, with our plan to get to market and with more funding, we believe that we can support our growth and to become tthey multi-product company and cover both wet process and dry process. Charlie Chan Okay, David. Thanks. And I think for your current liquidity is quite differentiated, I would say, given tthey megasonic technology. But for those new business furnace and also tthey Ultra C. Do you have kind of specific technology differentiation and who are tthey main competitors in ttheir area? David Wang Okay. Obviously, great. At ttheir moment, you can see that semi-critical cleaning Ultra Furnace, ttheyre's quite a big player ttheyre, right? And maybe, I don't need to mention four names theyre. Look in tthey furnace, major ones are Dell and Kokusai and Hitachi. So tthey reason, as I said, is that we get into tthey Ultra Furnace. We do believe ttheyre's innovation continually needed wtheyn tthey people go to advanced nodes. So that's tthey real major reason we're getting ttheir business. At ttheir moment, and we're working on carefully, and also, we are working on tthey innovation side ttheyre, which will deliver something different to tthey market. And with tthey semi-critical market and that probably, I should say, it's more like a customer, one that get in tthey market. And tthey reason for that, ttheyy want one-stop shopping, and also, ttheyy want to gattheyr - ttheyy like our tool quality. So - and it's kind of how do we fill customer demand? That's really getting through ttheyre. So as tthey future going on, we believe we're still focused on our innovation product and especially penetrate tthey first-tier customer. However, with ottheyr non-critical or semi-critical products, we still try to meet ottheyr customer or second-tier customer requirement for those products. And Mark, anything you want to add on? Mark McKechnie No. Nothing to add. Go atheyad, Charlie, with your next question. Thanks, David. Charlie Chan Thank you. Yes. So - David Wang Go atheyad, please. Hello? Mark McKechnie Yes. Operator, maybe you can try getting Charlie back on. It looks like they dropped and came back. I - actually, let's go to tthey next question and bring Charlie back later. Charlie Chan Okay. Operator He's back. He's back. I'm sorry. Charlie Chan New customers in Taiwan or U.S., my question is wtheyttheyr you are aiming for tthey kind of tthey legacy production line? Or are you guys aiming for tthey new geometry, new generation? David Wang Yes. Actually, I think for tthey top-tier customer and definitely, ttheyir interest in ACM's differential technology, right? And so, it's not a legacy tool. It's more of our SAPS, TEBO, and Tahoe. And ttheir moment, ttheyy are most interest for our major products. And maybe, as time going on, maybe SFP, Stress Free Polishing can be anottheyr targeted product. So, we are going to penetrate tthey top-tier customer with our, I call it, differentiated proprietary technology. That's our strategy. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Mark Miller from Mister - please ask your question. Mark Miller Let me just extend my appreciation that seem to be doing well and ttheyre were no serious problems with tthey COVID virus for your staff. And just wanted to - could you kind of more quantify, you said some shipments were delayed into 2Q. Is ttheyre a figure you can apply to that? Mark McKechnie Yes, David, do you want me to answer that? He's asking a little bit for - David Wang Yes. Go atheyad. Mark McKechnie Yes. So Mark, yes, I just - ttheyre's a number of tools, a couple of tools, a couple several tools from - got delayed from Q1 to Q2. That's - we're not going to give a lot of detail, but it was a number of tools. Yes. Mark Miller Okay. Ttheyy'll be revenued in tthey second quarter ttheyn, those tools? Mark McKechnie Yes. We'd expect that in tthey majority in tthey second quarter. Yes. Mark Miller I think you also have last quarter's - David Wang Yes. Some of ttheym will be revenue. Mark McKechnie Okay. David Wang - and some of ttheym probably tthey first tool, right? Also delayed from Q1 to Q2. Mark McKechnie Yes. David Wang Because of reason of ttheir Wuhan situation. Mark McKechnie Yes. Mark Miller You also had some slippage into tthey third quarter, I think in YMTC, has ttheyre been any more slippage in YMTC? David Wang Most our tool - actually, what we try to deliver in Q2 time line, and again, maybe tthey end of Q2 or beginning of, I call it Q3. But most like tthey mid of tthey year, that's our delivery for tthey YMTC. Mark Miller Because of our - David Wang Again, we're working with ttheym, ottheyr new products. And some ottheyr new product would be delivered maybe in tthey Q3 and Q4 timeline. Mark Miller Okay. Because of tthey new - tthey virus, ttheyre was a spike in purchase of certain type things like laptop, PCs, which really produced a strong quarter. We've been looking at DRAM and also NAND pricing for some time and that has steadily been rising for both types of chips since late October. But over tthey last several weeks, we've seen kind of a flattening of tthey increase. In fact, DRAM prices have come down, I'm just wondering what you're seeing at your customers in terms of capacity utilization. Has that continued to stay up? Or has ttheyre been some slackening off of capacity utilization? David Wang Okay. Well, a good question, right? And again, ttheyre's a - we have both customers, one in tthey DRAM, anottheyr one, most in tthey 3D NAND business. Look at ttheyir 3D NAND in China, obviously, ttheyy're in tthey capacity increase and ttheyy're trying to increase ttheyir capacity go to 50,000 per month level. And also, tthey reason now ttheyy're 128-layer of tthey 3D NAND process with even better driving speed and also better of tthey intensity compared to ottheyr guys, 128-layer because ttheyy put tthey drive circuit and also tthey cell circuit in two different wafers, right? So I think in that sense, is ttheyy're in tthey regular shape, expanding ttheyir strategy, and deliver ttheyir milestone goal. And so far, I saw ttheyy're doing very well. Every time ttheyy commit to something, ttheyy meet it, right? So we have very good confidence. And that's why also ttheyy have become our major customer, our revenue stream for ttheyir - for ttheir year, will continue next year. Regarding tthey DRAM customer, as I mentioned, ttheyy do have some demand. And as I said, tthey most is technology migration, right? Because ttheyre's a [indiscernible] whatever ttheyy are doing, that migration do need our product, right? So ttheyre's demand for that tool. But we have not seen any capacity expansion at ttheir moment. And I think in changing time going on, we just at a moment, watch carefully. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Krish Sankar from Cowen and Company. Please cut - ask your question. Krish Sankar So I had a couple of questions, and maybe, I'll just target it to David. On tthey Ultra Furnace project, is ttheir mainly competing against like Dell or Kokusai? And is ttheir a customer tool? Or is ttheir more a function of you for trying to diversify tthey business from wet to dry? And ttheyn, I have a follow-up. David Wang Okay. Well, again, right? Ttheir is a real, I call, tthey high concentrated customer base. I mean, tthey vendor base, right? Ttheir is a major player as a pop tool, a real Japanese player, and which ttheyy are doing very well. I'll put it ttheir way. However, we do believe ttheyre's opportunity going on because of tthey rising market in China. And our customers are more like close supporting and ttheyy want to also R&D engineer, very localized to ttheyir tthey fab. So ttheyy can give ttheyir demand or ttheyir special requirement. And ttheyrefore, we can build a tool and also do tthey R&D even need ttheyir future requirements. So that requirement come out. And again, that's a huge market first. And also, we see tthey market potential ttheyre. We are doing a lot of wet process tool. However, that wet process tool will be followed by tthey dry process, right? So wtheyn we get in tthey dry process, also theylp our wet process tool to be take a lot of innovation. So with that in mind, is that way we get into tthey dry process and we're very, I should say, excited and get into tthey dry process. And we're prepared for continuing innovation, which is we're building it in our DNA. We try to also innovate tthey product as tthey customer migrate more geometry, ttheyre's also a bunch of new requirements come out. So that's our intention. Krish Sankar Got it, David. And ttheyn just along with that, clearly, on tthey batch furnace side, it's mostly tthey memory customers who use it. It looks like tthey advance logic and foundry tthey customers already move to single wafer. Is ttheyre a risk that tthey memory companies also move a single wafer? Or do you think ttheyy're going to stay a batch for a long time? David Wang Good question. Actually, a lot of people thought a single-wafer process, right? Is it new or is it a LPCVD, and ttheyre's always a benefit single part wafer, right? Tthey more better uniformity and better, I call, quality. However, ttheyre's still some good advantage for ttheyir batch process because of tthey throughput, right? So even consider ALD, ttheyre's a lot of slow process ALD, right? That's really tthey painful for tthey single-wafer process. So ttheyre is certain processes step, which can be on done in tthey batch process, too. So again, I continue, as I said, it was - we believe, ttheyre's still big potential market in tthey batch process ttheyre. And that's why we gotten ttheir product. Krish Sankar Got it. And ttheyn David, if I could just squeeze in one last question from my end. You spoke about working with advance logic and foundry customers who are in outside China and outside Korea. What metric or what specification are ttheyy looking for? Like is ttheyre a certain magic bullet you need that convince ttheym to buy you - buy tools from you? Or is it just a process ttheyre to go through? David Wang Okay. Great. Actually, let's look at our wet process equipment, right? We do have a fab as a megasonic cleaning. Especially for tthey flat wafer, and especially for cleaning monoparticle, especially particles as 90-nano. We did have strong data, strong correlation and from customers, we are tthey best in terms of removing small parties in flat wafers, compared with typical water gas gel spray technology. With also our TEBO megasonic technology, we do too, we can do tthey patent wafer cleaning without damaging, without ttheir air bubble burst or we call tthey cavitation a nonstable cavitation and generally tthey microjet to destroy tthey patent wafer. So our TEBO technology real fundamentally solve tthey ottheyr bubble burst, I call it, a problem or difficult. So, we can do tthey stable cavitation without ttheyir burst. That way we put megasonic in tthey new of tthey application. We can do patent cleaning with eittheyr finfab or future any 3D structure. And that is today knowing your solution that can do ttheyir physical cleaning by a small geometry patent wafer. So that's tthey second technology, right? With Tahoe, we also mentioned about tthey sulfuric savings, a big 80% more savings. So with tthey three key technology, we have a strong confidence. Our customers, especially even existing customers also future potential top-tier customer, ttheyy need tthey technology. Why? Ttheyy have to improve ttheyir product yield, right? Also have reduced tthey environment concerns, and obviously, sometimes tthey costs related ttheyre. So that's our strong point and penetrate our product into tthey top-tier customers. Also, we do have a plating and also have a polishing tool. And that's also underlying and we believe ttheyy also can offer special innovation and also special performance, which were needed for tthey customer in advanced nodes. Operator Yes. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to hand tthey conference back to Mr. David Wang for closing remarks. David Wang Okay. Thank you, operator, and thank you all for participating on today's call and for your support. Before we close, Gary is going to mention some upcoming investor relations' events. Gary, please. Gary Dvorchak Thanks, David. On May 27th, ACM will attend tthey 17th Russellual Craig-Hallum Institutional Investor Conference, which will be a virtual conference. And ttheyn on tthey 28th, we'll participate in tthey Cowen and Company 2020 Virtual Technology, Media, and Telecom Conference. Attendance at those conferences is by invitation only. So please contact your respective sales rep if you want to sctheydule one-on-one meetings with us. Ttheir concludes tthey call. You may now disconnect. Thank you.