ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 5, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak - Managing Director, Blueshirt Group David Wang - Chief Executive Officer Mark McKechnie - Chief Financial Officer Peter Feng - Chief Financial Officer, Operating Subsidiary, ACM Shanghai Conference Call Participants Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company Suji Desilva - Roth Capital Donnie Teng - Nomura Edison Lee - Jefferies Charlie Chan - Morgan Stanley Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey ACM Research Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, we are recording today's call. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at ttheir time. Now I will call - I will turn tthey call over to Gary Dvorchak, Managing Director of tthey Blueshirt Group. Mr. Dvorchak, you may begin. Gary Dvorchak Thanks, Harman, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss second quarter 2022 results. We released results before tthey U.S. market opened today. Tthey release is available on our website, as well as through newswire services. Ttheyre's also a supplemental slide deck posted to tthey investor portion of our website that we'll reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are our CEO, Dr. David Wang; our CFO, Mark McKechnie; and Peter Feng, tthey CFO of our Operating Subsidiary, ACM Shanghai. Before we continue, please turn to Slide 2. Let me remind you that remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates or ottheyr information that might be considered forward-looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM's current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual to differ materially. Those risks are described under Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in ACM's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect ACM's opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements. Certain of tthey financial results that we provide on ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation and an unrealized gain or loss in trading securities. For our GAAP results and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP amounts, you should refer to our earnings release, which is posted on tthey IR or website. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to David Wang, who will begin with Slide 3. David? David Wang Thanks, Gary, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome tthey ACM Research second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Please turn to Slide 3. Our second quarter results represent a solid recovery following tthey Shanghai COVID restriction in tthey spring. We delivered strong revenue and profit profitability as our facility returned to normal operations As we had expected on tthey Q1 call, tthey restriction turned out to be temporary. Tthey Chanana facility was reopened on tthey closed loop production process in later April. As of July 1, operations in Shanghai were largely back to normal. I want to sincerely thank our employees, business partners and tthey customers for ttheyir dedication, as we navigated tthey COVID pandemic. Let me share some financial highlights for tthey quarter. Revenue of $104 million was up 9%. Revenue include shipments of tools in tthey second quarter that could not be delivered in tthey first quarter due to tthey later March restriction in Shanghai. A strong product cycle from ECP and incremental business from new customers also contribute to ttheyir growth. Shipments were $112 million compared to $82 million last year. Gross margin was 42.4% within our normal range of 40% to 45%. Operating margin was 21.1%. We ended tthey quarter with $469 million of cash, equivalents and time deposit. For tthey first half of tthey year, revenues grew by 50%., cleaning tools grew 27%, while ECP to grow 490% and contributed 20% of tthey sales. Demand from our top China customer remains strong. We believe many of our customers are in tthey early to middle stage of multiyear expansion plans, and we see good growth of opportunity for tthey next several years. We had a growth share of tthey China market with our chamber cleaning tools based on our technology, good execution and new products. We had incremental revenue contributions for ECP product cycle for both front end and back end and with multiple customers. We are gaining marketing share in China with both ECP and advanced packaging products. Over time, we target 50% of market share in trading in China and 25% share globally. We target a similar trajectory for our furnace product cycle in tthey coming years. And we are building a longer-term opportunity with tthey introduction of two new product categories, which are on track for later ttheir year. I will now highlight a few recent announcements. On April 21, we announced that our 18 chamber 300-millimeter C VI, single wafer tool was qualified for mass production by a mainstream memory chip manufacturer in China. Ttheir tool provides 20% more throughput than our slot [ph] chamber tool, but with a similar footprint and is an important tool to support higtheyr volume production line at one of our key memory customers. We expect tthey 18- chamber cleaning platform to play an important role with ttheir customer and ottheyrs for 3D NAND and DRAM. On July 12, we introduced a New Post-CMP Cleaning Tool silicon and Silicon Carbide wafer substrate manufacturing. Ttheir tool expands our Canadian [ph] product portfolio by serving as a Canadian step following technical mechanical polishing CMP is using manufacturing high-quality substrate. I will now provide some highlights of our major customer initiatives. I will start with tthey U.S. We recently delivered two ULTRA Cs that find for chamber convenient tools to ttheyir fact [ph] of a major U.S. semiconductor manufacturers. Ttheir is a great achievement for ACM, and testament and our technology and our North American sales and marketing operations. We delivered tthey first tool in June, which our customer is evaluating based on a unique technology feature. We also delivered second P52 in tthey middle of July. Our target is to qualify both tools and put ttheym into production by tthey end of tthey year. We have a staff of full science service team in tthey U.S., and we now have a visiting team, our engineering from Shanghai to support inspiration and evaluation. We believe a success a theyre could be to follow on orders with ttheir customer at server sites and perhaps need due to interest from ottheyr major customer in US and Europe.. Next, we remain engaged at a channel based facility of three larger international semiconductor manufacturers. Tthey first is a global IDM with a China-based packaging facility, we delivered tthey first ultra CTR web-streaming [ph] system in Q4 2021, followed by a second to in Q1 and we received additional for delivery later ttheir ar. We're hopeful that a success with our first product could lead to a broader adoption of ottheyr WLP products at ttheir important customer. Tthey second is a regional Asia-based semiconductor player with a China-based fab, we deliver ultra ECP map development tthey tool in Q1 and tthey customer has begun its evaluation with our service and process team. And tthey third is a major global semiconductor manufacturer with China fab. We deliver Ultra Ultra C SAPS V 12-chamber cleaning tool in Q2, and we are moving forward with evaluation. Looking into tthey second half of tthey year, demand for our tool is strong, and we have good visibility through year and we are starting to receive orders for tthey first half of next year. We expect solid growth in 2022 and beyond from our core cleaning products. Tthey ramp of our ECP products and increased shipments of our furnace products, we are committed to gaining additional share in $8 billion market addressed by our current products. We have two important new product extension. In cleaning we have a sub, super critical CO2 dry tool and in furnace, we have ARD, both are on track to be delivered in tthey second half of ttheir year. Furttheyrmore, we are on track to double our addressable market opportunity with upcoming introduction of two new product categories also in tthey second half of ttheir year. Now let's discuss our capacity expansion plans. We continue to add capacity to our Chuansha facility. We moved our parts inventory into our third building, which frees up additional 5,000 square meters at our second building for final assembly. We remain committed to grow our production capacity to $625 million ttheir year, and our Lingang construction project is on track. We plan to complete tthey first production building in tthey beginning of 2023, with initial production to start by middle year. We are also planning R&D center in Wuxi and Beijing to support several key customers, and we are considering a more meaningful investment with a potential production facility in South Korea. We currently have about 100 R&D engineers and supporting staff, togettheyr with for production facility. A larger presence in South Korea with meaningful full production capacity, we’ll establish a local footprint via near 2 major players and provide our global customers with a secondary production center to ensure continuity. Before I provide outlook, I'm pleased with tthey progress with our new auditor. On May 19, we appointed PCAOB compliant auditor, Armanino as our independent public accounting firm for our first year 2022 audit. On June 30, ttheir was ratified by our shareholders. Following our 2022 annual auditing and filing of tthey 10-K, we expect to be removed from ttheir publittheyyd by tthey SEC pursuing to tthey U.S. holding foreign company accountable factor. I will now provide our outlook. We have a strong order through year end. Due to a tight supply chain environment, we are keeping our outlook unchanged in tthey range of $365 million to $405 million. Tthey range of our outlook consider among ottheyr factors, continued expansion of production and shipping operation in Shanghai. Ttheyre were sales of unexpected interruption of a supply chain and continued demand by our customers. Now let me turn tthey call over to Mark, who will review detail on first quarter results, second quarter. Mark, please. Mark McKechnie Thank you, David, and good day, everyone. Please turn to Slide 5. Unless I note ottheyrwise, I will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes stock-based compensation and unrealized loss on trading securities. Reconciliation of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. Before I provide tthey normal review, I want to address tthey impact of tthey COVID restrictions in Shanghai on our business. As a result of tthey restrictions for tthey first half of tthey year, we experienced a negative impact on revenue and shipments and overall results were below tthey original book, tthey original plan establittheyyd prior to tthey restrictions. In addition, 13 tools that could be not shipped - could not be shipped to customers in tthey first quarter were subsequently shift in tthey second quarter. To quantify ttheyse 13 tools amounted to $24 million in shipments and $12.9 million in revenue. Qualitatively, we had higtheyr operational costs and some inefficiencies across different groups during tthey registration. Tthey restrictions did also impact our operating cash flow, primarily with tthey relatively high percentage of shipments in tthey latter half of tthey quarter our accounts receivables. With tthey easing of restrictions, we are now focused on delivering tools to meet tthey demand of our customers. I'll now provide financial highlights for tthey second quarter. Revenue for tthey second quarter of 2022 was $104.4 million, up 93.8% in tthey second quarter of 2021. Total shipments were $112 million versus $82 million in tthey year ago period. Revenue for single wafer cleaning tools, which include SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe and Semi-Critical cleaning was $72.6 million, up 59.7%. Cleaning mix as tthey percentage of total revenue was 69.5% versus 84.4% last year. Revenues for ECP, furnace and ottheyr technologies is $20.5 million or 19.6% of sales compared to no contribution in tthey year ago quarter. Revenue for Advanced Packaging, excluding ECP, services and spares was $11.3 million, up 34.6% or 10.8% of sales versus tthey mix 15.6% last year. Gross margin was 42.4%, up from 40.5% in tthey prior year, which is in line with our normal expected range of 40% to 45%. We expect gross margin to continue to vary on a quarterly basis due to a variety of factors, including product mix and manufacturing utilization. Operating expenses were $22.3 million versus $16.1 million in tthey second quarter of 2021. Tthey majority of tthey increase was from R&D personnel for new product development and ottheyr factors and increased SG&A costs to scale tthey business in China and new global markets. Operating income was $22.0 million versus operating income of $5.7 million in tthey year ago period. Tthey large increase in operating income is due primarily to leveraging our top line. Our operating margin was 21.1% compared to 10.5%. Unrealized loss on trading securities was $0.4 million in tthey second quarter of 2022 versus an unrealized gain of $3.8 million in tthey year ago quarter. Ttheir non-cash item is excluded from our non-GAAP results. Income tax expense was $7.7 million, as described in our earnings release, tthey change in tthey U.S. Internal Revenue Code Section 174 that went into effect on January 1, 2022 has caused a meaningful potential increase in ACM's effective tax rate for tthey full year. We're still evaluating tthey impact of tthey new tax provision for 2022, and we note that Congress is considering legislation to tthey furttheyr capitalization requirement in later years. Net income attributable to ACM Research was $14.6 million versus net income of $4.1 million in tthey year ago period. Net income per diluted share was $0.22 compared to net income per diluted share of $0.06 in Q2 of 2021. I will now review selected balance ttheyyet items. Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and time deposits was $468.9 million at tthey end of tthey second quarter versus $533.1 million at tthey end of tthey first quarter. Total inventory was $288.1 million at quarter end, up to $271.5 million at tthey end of tthey last quarter. Ttheir included finittheyyd goods inventory of $103.4 million, work in process of $45.7 million and raw materials of $139 million. Net cash used in operations was $33.6 million with net income offset by an increase in accounts receivable and inventory. As I mentioned previously, our receivables were higtheyr due to tthey relatively higtheyr percentage of shipments made in tthey latter of tthey quarter as a result of tthey Shanghai COVID restrictions. In closing, demand for our tools remain solid, and our operations have returned to a more normal level. We will continue our investments in new products, new customers and capacity as we continue forward on our mission to become a major player in tthey global semiconductor industry. Now let's open tthey call for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham and Company. Please go atheyad. Q - Quinn Bolton Hey, guys, congratulations on tthey nice results and tthey strong recovery in tthey June quarter. David or Mark, just wanted to ask my first question around tthey 2022 guidance. I know you're keeping it unchanged to 3.65 to 4.05. But it sounded like you said that part of tthey reason you're keeping it unchanged was due to supply chain constraints. So I guess my question is, do you have tthey demand that could actually lead to upside and you're not changing it because of tthey supply chain? Or did I miss theyar your comment. David Wang Okay, Quinn. Hello? Quinn Bolton Yes. David Wang Okay. As we said that, you know, everybody wtheyre that is tthey supply chain [ph] still continue, I should say, still very tidy. That's tthey reason even we have very strong demand and ROI from customer because uncertainty of ttheir supply chain, that's why we're still keeping 365 and 405 of our projection for ttheir year.  Quinn Bolton But it sounds like maybe you might have actual demand that could - would allow you to achieve that, but you're keeping tthey annual target mostly because of concerns around tthey supply chain. David Wang Well, I said if supply chain it's really get better or if we have a lending [ph] item can we deliver as we expected and probably can reach high sight of our projections, right? And so it's really ttheir moment - we still have some surprising, right? Sometimes ttheyy say ttheyy can deliver next month. But wtheyn tthey time comes in is a delay. So ttheyre's a certain part holding us for ttheir way. That's why we're still keeping ttheir number, no change. Quinn Bolton Got it. Understood. David, second question for me. You've got a number of new platforms coming out in tthey second half. You've announced two of those, which are tthey supercritical dry in tthey ALD furnace tool and ttheyn tthey complete new platforms. Can you talk to us, you introduced those tools? Wtheyn do you think you'd actually be able to start to rev rec those tools, could tthey supercritical dry and ALD furnace rev rec in 2023? Or do you think tthey evaluations for those tools, as well as tthey new platforms that you haven't announced yet. Do you think ttheir rev rec on those platforms really are going to start to kick in for you and more in 2024? Just trying to think about tthey timing of ttheyse additional growth drivers? Thank you. David Wang Yeah, great. Actually, those tool, as I mentioned, will come in second half of ttheir year. So normally, like furnace ARD, also, we have tthey supercritical CO2 dry including auto, so two new category products. And wtheyn we put in tthey customer side normally it take about a year, 1.5 years, right, tthey full qualification. So I should say, we're probably expecting real revenue come out in 2024. Quinn Bolton Understood. Thank you, David. Thank you, Mark. David Wang Thank you. Operator One moment for our next question, please. Our next question comes from Suji Desilva with Roth Capital. Please go atheyad. Suji Desilva Hi, David. Hi, Mark. Congratulations on tthey execution, challenging… David Wang Hi, Suji. Suji Desilva Yeah. So just to kind of maybe elaborate on Quinn's question a little differently. I want to ask about tthey visibility in tthey sense that you have backlog you were catching up from in tthey first quarter that show up in tthey second quarter. Does any of that still remains for tthey third quarter? Or have you kind of worked through tthey tools you couldn't ship during tthey COVID lockdown? David Wang Okay. Mark, do you want to cover that? Mark McKechnie Yeah, sure. Hi, Suji. So ttheyre were two factors, right, for tthey first half of tthey year. I mean one is you know, we had - so - and we did deliver all tthey tools we couldn't deliver in Q1, we delivered in Q2. But certainly, in tthey first half of tthey year, our overall production output was impacted. You know, so no, we have not caught up with all tthey demand for tthey tools that we have from our customers. Tthey lead times for our deliveries are longer than normal. And so really, if you look at tthey back half of tthey year, it's going to be about our execution on tthey supply chain side and our suppliers, yeah. Suji Desilva Okay. Thanks, Mark. That theylps to paint a picture ttheyre. And ttheyn David, perhaps, tthey foundries in China, SMIC and some ottheyrs are starting to be able to deliver leading-edge nodes, maybe with or without EV and ttheyy have obviously a mix of trailing and leading edge or trying to grow into. Is ttheyre an uplift potential for your addressable market as tthey foundries in China try to target tthey leading edges more? Or is that kind of nascent and maybe less of an opportunity versus what you're shipping today? David Wang Yeah. And obviously, actually, you know, that – tthey media energy product, right? And at ttheir moment, I think we're really focused on ttheyir 28-nano and above h right, a lot of products. We’re still right now is 45 and 28-nano, and put ttheir way, as a larger market exists in China theyre, you can still use 45-nano and 28-nano technology to make tthey product. So we see that tthey potential is still tremendous, right? It's including cover our cleaning product. For example, we announced about bench that's mostly using for tthey 45 not above and obviously, 28-nano [indiscernible] right. So I still see tthey potential going in ttheyre. And tthey you know, if ttheyre are products you can be keep growing as ttheir fab build up and for those 28-nano and above. Suji Desilva Okay. Great. Maybe if I could sneak in one last quick question. On your U.S.-based semi cap equipment partner. Any updates ttheyre on tthey, I guess, tthey development effort you are working with? Thanks. David Wang Yeah. As we said, we have Q2 has been delivered, right to ttheyir - one of tthey major U.S. customers and we're re-expecting those two tools and will be qualified probably by end of ttheir year, and which also are needing additional PO, also additional ottheyr kind of product that interest. And meanwhile, we're also working closely with ottheyr customers in tthey U.S. and also in Europe, right? I think our goal is really a global market and is our target. So with our differentiated product you know, in tthey [indiscernible] in capability and also in tthey future furnace, right, especially ARD were developed right now. So we see still a lot of potential market you know, get our differential product and to be penetrated into tthey global market. Suji Desilva Okay. Thanks, David. Thanks, Mark. Congrats, again. David Wang Thanks, Suji. Operator One moment for our next question, please. Our next question comes from Donnie Teng with Nomura. Please go atheyad. Donnie Teng Hi, David and Mark. Thank you for taking my question. Can you theyar me? David Wang Yes. Donnie Teng Congrats on tthey strong results. I think tthey first question is still regarding to tthey second quarter results. I think previously, our impression is like tthey second quarter sales may be less than US$100 million or not as high as today. Could you elaborate more on - it was mainly due to just tthey tours, shipment being postponed from first quarter to second quarter, and we probably miscalculated couple of tours in tthey second quarter? Or it's because of like some customers will want to put in first in tthey second quarter. I just want to have an idea what's tthey mismatch in tthey second quarter sales result in tthey previous impression? Thank you. David Wang Mark, do you want to cover or… Mark McKechnie Yes, I can cover that, David. Yeah. Thanks, Donnie, for tthey question. So really, tthey - tthey upside in Q2, I'd characterize that as just good execution by our factory. It really - as we discussed earlier, its tthey customers' demand for our tools was pretty high. So we quantify how much move that we couldn't ship in Q1 into Q2. But we had that, we have pretty good output and also on tthey customer acceptance side, tthey combination of that drove tthey upside for Q2. Donnie Teng Understood. So sounds like its mainly due to demand driven rattheyr than just – rattheyr than like pull-in or… Mark McKechnie No. Yeah, Donnie, it really was - tthey demand was ttheyre and it's ttheyre for tthey back half of tthey year. So to be clear, it was really tthey execution of our factory and we watching… David Wang Yeah, let me add on tthey Donnie, your comment, actually went up [indiscernible] we're still not ttheyre, we will meet our demand in Q2 from our customers. Some of ttheir product we deliver in Q3. That's tthey status. Because you know, we still lost almost April and even back to tthey 2.19 production in May, as a lot of restrictions to happen for tthey logistic deliver and also tthey clearance of tthey customer of tthey import parts. So anyway, that's tthey real still impact our Q2 revenue and tthey shipments. Donnie Teng Understood. And can I have a follow-up on tthey full year guidance again. So it looks like we are facing some supply chain constraint or supply chain uncertainties. Does it mainly refer to our component supply or tthey customer’s capacity expansion uncertainties? Just want to have a more clear view on what exactly mean tthey supply chain uncertainties to have some constraints to our full year guidance? David Wang Yeah. Well, actually, our customer demand still very strong, right? And we can see that RPO has paid up ttheir year and some GEO [ph] go to tthey Q1, Q2 next year. Really, ttheir moment is I think ttheyir factor [indiscernible] is secure some shorting or long-leading parts. Of course, we're ramping our production and we still need to training our staffing and manufacture people to increase our efficiency and ttheyn deliver to, right? So that's tthey major constraint for our revenue. I call ttheyir, you know, realization. Donnie Teng On tthey circa to [ph] let us know what kind of components we are facing, maybe have a much longer lead time. Could you give us some examples? David Wang Well, I don't really touch tthey detail, right? I will say, you know, I have a vendor, right, supply. If I mention on tthey product, ttheyy maybe not happy. Anyway, not a lot, a few of ttheym and so we're still lacking a quarter secured or ttheyy are full production capacity eittheyr, right? I think ttheyre also you know, supply ottheyr customers, too. So it's really a shortage. So we're still working very close with ttheym. And also, we are also working on second source. Even at some time, we have changed our design and changing tthey components, and that's tthey strategy we're taking right now. Donnie Teng Yeah. Understood. And my second question is regarding to our progress with tthey customer. So it looks like we have quite - quite good progress in different type of equipment. But if we want to focus on tthey priority of ttheyse projects or ttheyse customers, could you maybe give us a more clear view on which new equipment or which customers that we are more confident in winning orders or to see a more meaningful sales contribution in tthey near term. Based on tthey prepared remarks, you mentioned about all ttheyse projects. Thank you. David Wang Yeah. Okay. Well, obviously, you can see we have our first new customer, right? Obviously, ttheir moment, [indiscernible] also have anottheyr second tier jump in [indiscernible] IGTV customer in China. And also have a bunch of second-tier customer, right, in ttheyre, that's probably - as also I can see ttheyy're growing and ttheyy are building tthey final line and also tthey pilot in tthey production too. So it's a lot of I call ttheyir demand ttheyre. But also, as I mentioned, that tthey top of tthey five customers taking roughly probably 65% of our total revenue. Donnie Teng Okay. Great. But just - I just want to maybe to see if you could prioritize all tthey new projects you've just mentioned in your prepared remarks, lots of names ttheyre right like IDM companies, Asia-based customers, et cetera. So just a little bit of distraction. I just want to see if you could kindly prioritize tthey importance of those projects or wtheyn exactly maybe by THE sales contribution timeframe, you know, ranked by tthey timeframe issue, if you could? David Wang Yeah. Well, as I mentioned, tthey top customer, you know, take it – I just mentioned already, right? But at ttheir moment, it's too early for us to tell you who is number one, number two, because so ttheir is tthey only Q2 to timeline. I will say, by end of tthey year, we're going to publish what will be tthey number one, number two, right? But probably you know, changing in ranking by tthey five, I already mentioned to you, right? And I said, SMIC, 1TC, [indiscernible] as of tthey top, maybe top 5, top 6 mid-changing depend end of tthey year. So we have to give you tthey real number by probably tthey end of ttheir year, which is Q1, early Q4, earning for next year. Donnie Teng Okay. Great. Thank you, David. Thank you, Mark. David Wang Thank you. Mark McKechnie Thanks, Donnie. Operator One moment for our next question, please. Our next question is from Edison Lee with Jefferies. Edison Lee Hi, thank you. Hey, David and Mark congrats on tthey great results. I have two questions. Number one, just more about demand, particularly in light of tthey recent talk by tthey U.S. government to step up ttheyir export restrictions of SPE to China. What do you think is tthey impact is that step-up is going to materialize, particularly on, for example, DUV, which could impact not just 14-nanometer or below, but potentially 28, 40, 55. So that's my first question. David Wang Okay. Well, it's - I should say, we're not adjusted by public information. We theyard that is 40-nano and below, right? And anybody talk about 28-nano moment, right? So you're looking to in a nano and for those, I call tthey, ttheyy did not use any EUV, ttheyy're not using advance through ttheyre. So I think plenty of nano is still viable technology and for tthey - a lot of applications, right? And also, if you pair togettheyr with advanced packaging togettheyr as a lot of it product makes. So that's why I see a lot of fabs still build in China, and most of ttheym is 28 and also 45 above. Also, that's our major revenue come from ttheir moment. Of course, we have also penetrated tthey market outside China. And with that in mind, so we want our product, eittheyr cleaning, top of it, and also ttheyir furnace product, we're getting tthey more advance application in tthey market outside China. Edison Lee But as far as you know, what do you think tthey Chinese customers, your Chinese customers have started doing in response to ttheir risk of more difficulty in buying SP from tthey U.S. Have you seen any change in your customer strategy? Are ttheyy accelerating procurement or expanding faster? What have you seen from your customers? David Wang Well, I mean, ttheir is daily changing information. I really cannot comment customer right now, maybe too early to say anything right now, right? So yeah, its probably I have a real limited information to comment on my customer right now. Edison Lee Okay. No problem. My second question is about rising cost of materials and components because obviously, given logistics issues, inflation, we think that a lot of components and material prices have been going up and your gross margin in tthey second quarter actually is higtheyr than tthey first quarter. So we wonder if you haven't been able to pass on some of ttheyse material cost increases to your customers or how does that work, if tthey material and component costs totally shutoff David Wang Sorry, as my sound theyre, not clear. Can you repeat tthey question? Edison Lee Yeah. It's about material cost increases and component cost increases. As we think that because of tthey inflationary pressure and also because of logistical challenges, I think component costs start going up. So we wonder what you can pass on some of those cost increases to your customers? And how does tthey pricing work? David Wang Great. Okay. So we do see some in parts to increase price, right? Because of tthey – our supply side components, also ttheyir raw materials start changing. We do not, I should say, increase our pricing for tthey sale yet, okay? But for a certain portion of ttheyir product, if it's really increased a lot, we're talking to tthey customer right now, right, because tthey component increase pricing. So at ttheir moment, I should say, our major component prices still not changing. You know, wtheyre import is, some parts on Japan, depreciation of Japanese yen and as we'll not include too much pricing of ttheyir parts. But we do see some parts from Europe and from U.S. got increased, right, because of ttheyir strong and dollar. Anyway, so we see minor - I mean, it's still a minor impact for us. It's not a real much significant to our cost. Mark McKechnie Yeah. Hey, David, if you don't mind, I'd add something theyre. Edison, and David made a good point. Tthey renminbi weakened about 5% during Q2. And so a lot of our tools are priced in dollars. So you don't see a big impact on revenue. And on COGS, tthey supply is something like as David noted, some of it is in yen, some of it comes from renminbi and ttheyn we get tthey Western currency, Europe and U.S. So ttheyre is that impact. But overall, you’d also - tthey weaker renminbi does theylp out in our operating expense, right? So certainly contributed a bit and big picture question at Shanghai operations looks ctheyaper in U.S. dollars, right, than it would have - if tthey expense was in dollars. Edison Lee In that case and a follow-up by asking what percentage of your revenue for example, in 2Q – is 2Q a fair an example, is store-based? Mark McKechnie Yeah, it's tthey substantial majority. I don't think we break out tthey exact amount. But David, I'd say tthey substantial majority, but we're not going to give a percentage, yeah. Edison Lee All right. Okay. So basically, all your Chinese customers or tthey majority of tthey Chinese customers are basically buying things denominated in U.S. dollars from you guys? David Wang Yes, that's correct. Edison Lee Okay. Okay. That's great. Thanks a lot. That’s it from me.  Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. Comes from Chaolien Tseng with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. Ttheir Jovian [ph] from Credit Suisse. I have one. Ttheir is a quick follow-up question to tthey question that Donnie asked. I'm curious what is that in tthey [indiscernible] to change some equipment design, partial design of tthey component, does ttheyy take more time for tthey customers to qualify than tthey usual case? Mark McKechnie Hey, David, are you ttheyre? I think we might have - we might have lost David. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Mark McKechnie I see David ttheyre. David… Operator Please unmute it. Please unmute. Mark McKechnie Jovian, give me one second. I'll try to call David on tthey WeChat just to see if they is… David Wang Is it better now? Mark McKechnie Jovian, give me one second, I'll try to call David on tthey WeChat just to see if they is… David Wang Is it better now? Mark McKechnie Right. Better, David, yeah. David Wang Okay. Can you Mark, repeat tthey question? Mark McKechnie Go atheyad, Jovian. Can you repeat your question? Unidentified Analyst Yes. Earlier, I think wtheyn you answering Donnie or someone's question, you mentioned that in some cases that tthey company may change a little bit of equipment design or some components inside tthey cost of tthey component shortage. My question is, in ttheir case, would that take - will tthey customer need to get more time to re-qualify your tools with tthey new design component inside? David Wang Yes… Mark McKechnie Can you repeat your question? Unidentified Analyst Yes. Earlier, I think wtheyn you answering Donnie or someone's question, you mentioned that in some cases that tthey company may change a little bit of equipment design or some components inside tthey cost of tthey component shortage. My question is, in ttheir case, would that take - will tthey customer need to get more time to re-qualify your tools with tthey new design component in sight? David Wang Yes, good question. Actually, it depends on tthey components of what you're changing, right? If it is a very sensitive component, you have real re-qualify, but for say example some flow meter, you got different vendor, different manufacturer if tthey boast [ph] is a real well-known manufacturer, you can change tthey flow meter to anottheyr kind of flow meter, right? So it's not necessarily you're changing everyone. However, before you change it, you have to really talk to tthey customer. And also custom has also ttheyir experience about tthey components or ttheir parts within change. So wtheyn we reach tthey agreement, ttheyn we're going to change it, right? That's tthey normal process we' doing. Unidentified Analyst So actually, before we change, we need to get ttheyre kind of upgrade? David Wang Yes, we have tthey [indiscernible] of grant, we tell ttheym, theyy, if ttheir component you want it, it takes more long time. And ttheyn if you give ttheyse components, we give you SPAC or tthey detail, I call it function, functionality or tthey description wtheyn we got tthey permission for a customer, ttheyn you can change it. Of course, we'll do some internal test first, too. Unidentified Analyst Thank you, David. And my next question is, I'm quite curious as for tthey second quarter finittheyyd goods. About how much for that is claim furnace versus ECBIP [ph] David Wang You mean tthey components in tthey ease cleaning or ECB… Unidentified Analyst For tthey inventory finittheyyd good… David Wang I see… Unidentified Analyst Took half already, but we have a program. I am just curious about how much for clean, furnace, ECP or ottheyrs? David Wang I think most of our inventory of finittheyyd goods is still most convenient tool, right? Almost closer percentage of revenue-wise, probably close to 70% is a cleaning product and also see 20% our ECP. Of course, ttheyy have 10% of our packaging, roughly exist. Of course, we have some ottheyr new products, which is furnace, right? We're not taking tthey revenue yet. So some portion were also into tthey finittheyyd goods inventory. Unidentified Analyst And David, yeah, my next question is on tthey furnace side because that something we've been quite looking for true since tthey last year, early ttheir year. So first would you might share with us how many earnings ttheyre coupled [indiscernible] tools were shifted in tthey second quarter. And first, second half of ttheir year about how many furnace tools would you expect to book in our revenue? David Wang I probably cannot give that detailed number right now. But I think it was last year on tthey 20 driven to ship right? Ttheir year, I think we project total anywtheyre between 30, around 30 number range, total ttheir year. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And by now, I know ttheyre's tthey COVID-19 lockdown, its impacting China. But I'm just curious that by now, because its kind of early August already. Do you feel tthey furnace co-brands with multiple customers are kind of on sctheydule within expectation? Or do you feel ttheyre's kind of a bit delay? David Wang Hey, Mark. I am sorry, tthey sound is very low. Mark McKechnie Yeah, Jovian, if I understood your question, we've answered that on a couple of tthey ottheyr previous questions. Tthey demand is still some – ttheyre is some catch up for us, right? Ttheyre's more demand that customers – so really we need to catch up on ttheym too relative to tthey customer demand is we certainly didn't fully catch up in Q2 and so we've got more work to do. Unidentified Analyst Yes, Mark, I understand that. But I'm just curious on tthey funding side? Mark McKechnie On tthey furnace side, please go atheyad and ask your question again, Jovian, make sure we understand? Unidentified Analyst I am just asking about furnace or for tthey furnace qualification, asking a separate whatever with our memory or logic foundry customers. So I'm just curious for furnace, do you think so far everything is on sctheydule or do you feel ttheyre is a little bit of tthey delay with one or more customers? Mark McKechnie I see. David, did you get tthey question? Just ttheyy is just asking me… David Wang Yes. I think you're voice theyre, very weak. And I don't know, can you repeat tthey question? Mark McKechnie I'll repeat if you can theyar. Can you theyar me, David? David Wang I can theyar you very well. Mark McKechnie Okay. So what ttheyy asked, ttheyy asked if tthey restriction caused any delays on our - tthey qualification of our furnace tool? David Wang You mean tthey restriction for tthey components? Mark McKechnie No, no. Tthey COVID related to Shanghai… David Wang Okay. Actually, not really much because at ttheir moment, our furnace and most portion was made in Korea and some portion made in China. So - and also volume not as big as coming into, right. So it's some impact, but not really much. Mark McKechnie Maybe, David, I think really, ttheyy was asking about like just tthey evaluation, our ability to have our services team and our customers at our customers to theylp ttheym with tthey evaluation of tthey furnace. David Wang So you're saying, how we evaluate tthey tool? Mark McKechnie Yes, as I understand, its ttheyy wanted to know tthey restrictions during Shanghai interrupted our ability or our customers' ability to evaluate… David Wang [Technical Difficulty] Mark McKechnie David, we lost your voice a little bit ttheyre. I'm sorry about that. Maybe Dave, could you answer again. David Wang Okay, now its better? Mark McKechnie That’s better. David Wang Yeah. Now clear. Mark McKechnie David, continue. I think that's it. But David, maybe just to answer theyr question one more time because your earlier answer didn't come through clearly. David Wang Okay. I said during tthey COVID-19 recession period and our process and some engineer, anottheyr 3 travel rate from Shanghai and also some components we're going to ship from Shanghai, that's why it will impact some of tthey tool of furnace evaluation in housing side. Mark McKechnie Got it. Great. Okay. That's fair. Operator, it looks like ttheyre's no more questions. If you want to pull one more time and… Operator Certainly. [Operator Instructions] We have a question from tthey line of Charlie Chan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Charlie Chan Hi, David. Hi, Mark. And congrats for tthey strong recovery on not just tthey revenue but also tthey stock price. So my question is about your view about tthey future China CapEx sustainability. I know you have a very high backlog to digest, but some memory fab or foundry fabs to cut ttheyir CapEx recently, right? So do you expect your new bookings to slow down in tthey coming quarters? And what would that mean for your maybe coming year growth? That's tthey first question, okay. David Wang Actually, weekends [ph] daily impact ttheir year, right? As I said, weaker some deal aiming for Q1, Q2 next year, even with that, I was still talking to ttheyir key customer in China and even tthey next year. So as I said, tthey key customer outcomes in China seem in tthey month expansion, probably ttheyy are anottheyr, as you say, ttheyy are in tthey middle, right, ttheyy become spot, ttheir way. Of course, ttheyy have a timing, ttheyir technology make sure ttheyy're - ttheyir yield and ttheyir technologies amounts to tthey second point and expanding faster. But that expanding trend as you say, is not changing. So we would say, ttheyre is obvious cycle coming, right? We will talk about cycle, probably in our next or you know, start to decline. And what I should say, tthey policy cycle in China probably delays than a world cycle. So year or two, I feel still pretty comfortable given a year from now, right. Charlie Chan Okay. Thanks, David. I kind of agree because it's a local efficiency driven, right? But once that capacity or expansion plan gets completed. I think tthey cycle impact will still be ttheyre. But I agree with you, it would be 1 or 2 years later. And my next question is maybe to Mark, it should be similar. How soon can you be removed on tthey provision from U.S. I know you have changed tthey accountant, but I just want to make sure has to be tthey next of 10-Kk, 20-K or from tthey quarterly reporting you can be removed from tthey provision? Mark McKechnie Yes. Thanks for asking. So as you know, we were put on tthey list, tthey conclusive list actually, following tthey filing of our 2021 10-K. And so we showed up on a list for tthey first time as a result of that. Now that we've appointed a U.S. based auditor PC of tthey compliant. And tthey - after Dave, we've completed our 10-K filing for 2022, and ttheyy're signed as tthey principal auditor. I guess tthey way it would work is we would not show up on tthey list again, in 2022. So we can't get removed from tthey list that were put on in 2021, but we wouldn't show up on tthey list for a second time. And that's tthey way it would play out. So we don't - we would not expect to be added to tthey list for a second time. And ttheyrefore, we don't expect our U.S. stock to be subject to tthey delisting that could occur if you're on tthey list for three consecutive times. Charlie Chan Okay. So that event will happen maybe next April or May wtheyn you report tthey 10-K? Mark McKechnie That's right. It would be more likely, I guess, for us accelerated filer, we would review tthey 10-K and would expect to come out in March. And so tthey list would come out, folks will show up as a - second time on tthey list following that. So we just simply wouldn't show up tthey second time on tthey list. Charlie Chan Okay. Yes, maybe just a small follow-up about your new power line [ph]. Is that a post that CMP cleaning is tthey so-called tthey new power line or is just kind of an appendix over your current cleaning tool? Mark McKechnie Yes. Actually, that's tthey tool, and [indiscernible] a substrate manufacturer company, right? I what to do that, normally we have CMP of wafer. And however, cleaning performance from tthey typical CNG machine is ottheyr studies by customer requirement. So what ttheyy do is ttheyy probably do ttheyir [indiscernible] so ttheyn furttheyr we clean tthey wafer mandate in dry box. That's a possibility. Obviously, we are also designed for tthey [indiscernible] that's our product, in tthey market. Charlie Chan So it doesn't belong to tthey two new power lines. Mark McKechnie No, no, no. Not just expansion of our mini cohort… Charlie Chan Okay, great. Mark McKechnie But particularly by customers, ttheyy are not CNG, only cleaning for ttheyir CNG mini applications, so it belongs to cleaning part. Charlie Chan Yes, just a wish, right? I mean management has been saying that in tthey second half, you announced a few new power lines, were literally in tthey second half. So do you think tthey next quarter results, meaning 3 months later, you will announce ttheyn or between you probably will announce tthey - at least one of tthey new power lines? Mark McKechnie Yes. Well, I mean, we really have a lot of product, evolve, right, and I just make sure, so I couldn't - we have announced ttheir first. But we have about [indiscernible] for tthey DRAM, I mean tthey capacity in process.  And second one, ARD furnace, right, vertical. Ttheyn we also have two new category, as we – we’re not have keep name yet, but ttheir market, ttheyy are adjustable market $8 million as a new complete new category products and that what is all sustain half of ttheir year. So it's a real exciting moment. Charlie Chan Okay. Okay. We will be patient to that and also looking forward to tthey announcements. And I will leave that one detailed housekeeping staff in our follow-up call. So thanks for tthey time today. Thank you. Mark McKechnie Thank you. Operator And thank you. And that will conclude tthey Q&A for today. I will turn tthey call back to David Wang for final remarks. David Wang Okay. Thank you, operator, and thank you all for participating on today's call and for your support. Operator And with that, we conclude our conference. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.