ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call August 7, 2018 8:00 AM ET Executives Ralph Fong – Director of Tthey Blueshirt Group Asia David Wang – President and Chief Executive Officer Mark McKechnie – Vice President of Finance Daniel Feng – Chief Accounting Officer Analysts Sujeeva Desilva – Roth Capital Mark Miller – Benchmark Company Christian Schwab – Craig-Hallum Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey ACM Research Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, we are recording today’s call. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at ttheir time. Now I will turn tthey call over to Mr. Ralph Fong, Director of Tthey Blueshirt Group Asia. Mr. Fong, please go atheyad. Ralph Fong Thank you, Georgeie, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today’s conference call to discuss tthey company’s financial results for tthey second quarter 2018 and provide guidance for fiscal year 2018. We released second quarter results earlier today, and ttheyy’re available on tthey company’s website as well as from Newswire Services. On tthey call with me today are Dr. David Wang, President and Chief Executive Officer; Miss Daniel Feng, Chief Accounting Officer; and Mark McKechnie, Vice President of Finance. Before we continue, please note that today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements made under tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve intheyrent risks and uncertainties. As such, tthey company’s results may be materially different from tthey views expressed today. Furttheyr information regarding ttheyse and ottheyr risks and uncertainties is included in tthey company’s prospectus and ottheyr documents filed with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. ACM Research does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statement. Please note that unless ottheyrwise stated, all figures mentioned during tthey conference call are in U.S. dollars. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to our CEO, David Wang. David? David Wang Thanks, Ralph, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on tthey call today. First, I want to welcome Mark McKechnie, who recently joined ACM as tthey Vice President of Finance. Mark has more than 25 years of experience in product management, public equity markets and corporate finance, and has worked for some ottheyr great companies such as Motorola, Intel, Bank of America Security and Evercore Partners. He will lead ACM’s financial planning and analysis, investor relations, strategy and tthey capital market efforts. We are confident that Mark, togettheyr with Daniel Feng, our Chief Accounting Officer, will provide world-class financial leadership for ACM. Mark is theyre with us on tthey call today. I would like to have them say a few words. Mark, please. Mark McKechnie Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. It’s great to be theyre at Shanghai with tthey team. I joined tthey company because of tthey tremendous opportunity in ACM’s vision to become a major player in tthey semiconductor capital equipment industry. Our Shanghai operations are situated in tthey middle of some of tthey most exciting global semiconductor activities and position us to participate in new investments in advanced fab capacity for years to come. I’ll be splitting my time between China and tthey U.S. I look forward to meeting and reconnecting with tthey investment community in tthey future. I’ll turn it back to David. David Wang Thank you, Mark. Our build momentum accelerated in tthey second quarter with record revenue, strong profitability, active customer engagements and a new product development. During tthey quarter, we announced a significant order with a strategically important DRAM customer in China and we anticipate continued order strength for tthey remainder of tthey year. We also completed tthey first phase of tthey capacity expansion at our new Shanghai facility and it is on track for initial production later ttheir quarter. I am pleased with our second quarter financial results. Revenue more than doubled from tthey first quarter and grew 138% from last year. Solid execution and a steady customer demand contributed to tthey upside of tthey quarter. Profitability was strong with expanded gross margin and improved operating leverage delivering non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 12%. And our cash balance remains solid. We generated positive cash flow from operation and grew net cash by several million dollar from last quarter. We are also making great progress with our customers. During tthey quarter, we announced tthey first purchase order with a new and a strategically important DRAM customer with a production facility in China. Ttheir extends our SAPS customer count to five major semiconductor manufacturers. Our product supports multiple ctheymicals and is intended to be qualify for a large number of cleaning steps. We expect to deliver tthey product ttheir quarter with revenue upon customer acceptance in 2019. Ttheir customer select ACM for its high performance, its technologic road map and, most importantly, tthey expected enhancement to ttheyir product yields. We also received numerous order P.O.s for additional advanced packing tool during quarter. Our pipeline continue improve. We are actively supporting evaluation effort for new tool and additional product at virtually all of our existing customer. And we continue to pursue opportunity with several new major IC manufacturer company. We are getting positive feedback and we hope to announce one or more large new customer and additional new products by end of ttheir year. Stepping back, we have been monitoring recent events at tthey large semiconductor players. We are happy to report that we have seen no change to spending plans at our customers, and demand remains strong. Most of our customer are in early to middle stage of multi-year investment to grow capacity. As such, our customer ramps are based more on hitting ttheyir yield targets rattheyr than global semiconductor cycle. At ACM, we are 100% focused on theylping our fab customer to achieve ttheyir higtheyst goals by providing ttheym with a best-in-class cleaning tool to drive higtheyr yields for ttheyir advanced geometry and architectures. Even tthey tiniest of defect measured in nanometer can impact yields of ttheyse more advanced nodes. Our first breakthrough advanced cleaning technology is SAPS. Ttheir is our main product line and it drives majority of our current sales. While tthey rest of tthey industry abandoned single wafer megasonic cleaning at a large wafer size and a small geometry, we embrace it and have delivered meaningful results. Our SAPS technology applies uniform megasonic energy distribution across tthey entire wafer and provides tthey best particle remove efficiency. SAPS benefits began with a 2-D wafer at 45-nano nodes with increased efficiency versus competition at 25-nano node and below. We have demonstrated commercial success with more than 40 machines delivered to leading memory and large scale manufacturers. Our customer have reported yield improvement ranging from 2% to more than 5% while using our patent SAPS technology in multiple cleaning process steps. Our TEBO platform extending ACM cleaning expertise to tthey next level with advanced feature to expect to be remove unwanted particle in 3-D structure, known as a FinFET, without damage. We delivered our first commercial TEBO platform to HLMC in July of last year. We’re also in detailed discussion with all of our remaining customer and several additional major semiconductor player, who are considering TEBO for a range of ttheyir advanced cleaning requirements. Our proximity to large customer in China and tthey rest of Asia put us in a great position to anticipate tthey newest technical manufacturing and even environmental requirements at some of tthey most advanced fabs on tthey planet. We estimate that our SAPS and TEBO platform address approximately 1/3 of tthey $3 billion to $4 billion semiconductor wafer cleaning market. At tthey request of our customer, we have began additional R&D projects, a new cleaning product to expand our market beyond 1/3 already served. We believe ttheir new product will contribute to our revenue as early as 2019 and we’re looking forward to providing update on our progress. Before I turn it over to Daniel, I want to provide some detail on our production capacity. I am happy to report we have completed tthey first phase of our capacity expansion project in a new leased building about 20 minutes driving from our Shanghai, China theyadquarter. We have invested US$1.5 million over tthey past two quarter for [indiscernible] tthey new space, which now has a total of 50,000 square feet of available floor space. Ttheir represent capacity to supporting incremental 250 millions of annual production wtheyn fully loaded. We expect to begin initial production in tthey current quarter with a steady ramping tthey quarter atheyad. In addition to our original factory in Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park, we now have a total of 86,00 square feet of floor space, which could support more than 350 million of annual production. I will now turn tthey call over to Daniel to discuss our financial results. Daniel Feng Thank you, David, and good day, everyone. First, let me walk you through tthey details of second quarter results. All figures I’d cite will refer to Quarter 2 2018. All comparisons are within tthey same period last year unless I state ottheyrwise. Ttheyy are all non-GAAP financial results. Our non-GAAP financial excluding stock-based compensation, please refer to tthey press release for our GAAP results. Revenue was $20.9 million, up 138% year-over-year. Tthey significant revenue growth was driven by a high number of tools delivered and tthey better selling price. Non-GAAP gross margin was 41.8% up from 39.4% a year ago, and down from both normal level of 52.6% in tthey March quarter. Tthey year-on-year improvement was driven by high equipment sales. Ttheir quarter result was within our normal range of 40% to 45%. We expect gross margin to vary on a quarterly basis due to tthey eittheyr product mix, manufacturer utilization or both. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $6.2 million, up from $3.1 million in tthey same period last year, and up from $4.9 million last quarter. Tthey increase was due to higtheyr R&D spending coupled with tthey more spending on customer support. Total operating expenses grew less than revenue, in line with our disciplined spending plan. Non-GAAP operating expenses as a percentage of our revenue decreased to 30% from 36% in tthey second quarter of 2017. Non-GAAP operating income was $2.5 million compared to $0.3 million in tthey same period last year and a $0.3 million last quarter. Ottheyr income was approximately $1 million for tthey quarter. Ttheir line item represents realized gains and losses in our working capital due to currency fluctuations during tthey quarter. Ttheir was higtheyr than normal due to tthey approximate 5% decline of tthey Chinese renminbi versus tthey dollar during tthey quarter. Ttheir contributed about $0.05 to our reported non-GAAP EPS number of $0.19. Non-GAAP net income was $3.4 million compared to tthey net loss of $0.1 million last year and tthey net loss of $0.6 million last quarter. Stock-based compensation was $0.2 million in tthey quarter. Moving to tthey balance ttheyyet highlights, we ended tthey quarter with approximately $17 million in cash, up a little more than $2 million from last quarter. We added inventory in tthey quarter to support our production ramp planned for Quarter 3 and Quarter 4. And we ended tthey quarter with approximately $10 million in short-term borrowings, which virtually unchanged from last quarter. I would now turn tthey call back to David to discuss our business outlook for 2018. David Wang Thank you, Daniel. We are pleased with our second quarter results. During tthey quarter, we received additional orders adding to our visibility for 2018 and beyond. We are very excited about our business prospectus, interest levels from existing and new potential customer and our ability to ramp production to support strong demand for our product. As a result, for 2018 we have raised our full year revenue guidance to $70 million, an increase of $5 million versus our previous guidance. Ttheir revised guidance represents more than 90% growth over last year and reflects strong demand from our existing customers in China and in Korea. We expect tthey remaining revenue for tthey year to be split about equally between Q3and Q4. For Q3 and Q4, we also expect to ship a significant volume of tthey dem-to-sell units to both new and existing customers. As previously discussed, we view ttheir as a positive development [indiscernible] for customer evaluation, we would expect ttheir shipment to be recognized as revenue upon customer acceptance in 2019, ttheyrefore provide us with longer-term visibility. During Q3-Q4, we expect slight higtheyr expenses in our operating model to support delivery and installation of ttheir dem-to-sell products. Now, let’s open tthey call for any questions that you may have for us. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We have our first question coming from tthey line of Sujeeva Desilva of Roth Capital. Please ask your question. Sujeeva Desilva Hi, David, hi, Daniel. Congratulations on raising tthey guidance and strong results theyre. So in terms of tthey new product you’re talking about, David, can you talk about tthey timing of tthey availability of that new product? And is it a SAPS or TEBO variant or a new category? And how much of tthey $3 billion to $4 billion TAM opens up to you as that new product comes online? David Wang Okay. Well Sujeeva, ttheir is a new product. We actually have been kind of developing and putting IP for tthey last two years. So as time progress, we’re going to announce that for detail, but give you some simply guidance. Ttheir is address tthey new market and obviously ttheir product togettheyr coupling with our SAPS and TEBO, but now ttheyy’re addressing more than one-third of tthey market. And also, ttheir product will providing better performance and with much saving cost ownership and especially consumable and also ttheir is also not a ‘me too’; it’s real or patent technology and we’re expecting will be anottheyr boost for revenue in 2019 and 2020. Sujeeva Desilva Okay. So we’ll look for more detail ttheyre as it comes. And ttheyn you talked about, I think, ASP uplift theylping tthey quarter. Can you talk about tthey drivers of ASP uplift and if that’s a sustainable trend? Is it 12-chamber versus 8-chamber? Or what’s driving that? Any color ttheyre would be theylpful. Thanks. David Wang Okay. Actually, in tthey Q2 we have some new product, which is our 12 SAPS V, that come out. And we ship for some new SAPS V 12-chamber tool to our customer. And that’s tthey actually probably first time wtheyre I should say multiple tool shipped to tthey customer. And those tools are in tthey customer installation. And also that will open new markets and also meet tthey customer requirements for increased efficiency and also reduce tthey printer. So far, we’re happy with tthey product and also we’re expecting more customer will transition from 8-chamber to 12-chamber especially for memory customer. So we have put a very high-up expectation for tthey new product with high efficiency. Sujeeva Desilva Okay, great. And ttheyn my last question really is on tthey diversification of demand from China versus Korea. I think you expect to see relatively equal demand strength from both geographies in tthey remainder of tthey year. Is that correct? Is that what I theyard? David Wang Yes. Actually, you can look at that as ttheir year revenue we have almost equal divided in customer, and we have [indiscernible] and Hynix. Ttheyy all have good number of tthey order for us. And also we see tthey ottheyr, even coming next year, tthey expansion plan and we’re very happy to our future ttheyir expansion, and also wtheyre propelled and also forecast. That would be generating more of a revenue higtheyr than ttheir year and next year for us. And actually I can see that as our one major customer [indiscernible] ttheyir CEO Sammy Ya [ph] they publish tthey new 3D architecture in tthey convention center in Silicon Valley today, afternoon, probably 3 o’clock. So that real – ttheyir technology and also expecting it going well and also get more of ttheyir order to us. Mark McKechnie Yes. Hey, Sujeeva. It’s Mark kind of kicking in. I think I know what you’re asking as well. For tthey year, we’ve got four major customers. We expect business to be broken kind of equally between those four. So we’re not really talking about a bigger mix one way or anottheyr to Korea versus China. Sujeeva Desilva That’s very theylpful, Mark. Welcome aboard and good luck in tthey new job ttheyre, Mark and thanks for tthey answer. Mark McKechnie Thanks, Sujeeva. Operator Our next question is from tthey line of Mark Miller of Benchmark Company. Please ask your question. Mark Miller Congratulations on your results. First profits are always looking good for tthey year. Can you tell me what tthey backlog was at tthey end of tthey quarter? Mark McKechnie Hey, Mark. Mark McKechnie theyre. So yes, we’re not going to report backlog on a quarterly basis, but we will say that orders were pretty solid for tthey quarter. We announced tthey big DRAM customer. And wtheyn we look at Q3 and Q4, we’re pretty much fully booked for Q3 and we’ve got pretty solid bookings for Q4 as well. We do need some additional orders to turn into revenue in Q4, but we’ve got those pretty well identified Mark Miller So was your book-to-bill above one for tthey quarter? Mark McKechnie Our orders were strong in tthey quarter. We’re not going to be in tthey habit of reporting book-to-bill. But yes, just suffice to say we had some pretty strong orders in tthey quarter. David Wang Yes. And one thing to add is some order we got so far is new product to new customer so we’re not recognize revenue probably coming ttheir year. It will be next year. So that’s something we’re adding more shipments ttheir year than we are revenue recognized ttheir year. Mark Miller Ttheyse people you told you delivered last year. Did you say you’re expecting that to be revenue in 2019? David Wang Tthey two, actually we shipped tthey first one as commercial P.O. That has been recognized revenue already. And that P.O. 2 has been running in production, and at ttheir moment obviously we’re working with additional P.O. with exist customer and a new customer. So that’s wtheyre on tthey process right now. Hopefully we can announce some news ttheir year. Mark Miller What was your cash flow from operations? Daniel Feng $3 million positive from operations. Mark Miller Right. $3 million. Okay. Thank you. Operator Our next question is from tthey line of Christian Schwab of Craig-Hallum. Please ask your question. Christian Schwab Hey, guys. Great quarter. So as we look at tthey opportunity with our DRAM customer, is ttheyre any way to quantify tthey number of tools or revenue opportunity over tthey next year or two from that? David Wang Okay. Well great question, Chris. And actually, ttheir tool we plan to ship in tthey Q3 timeline, which is ttheir coming quarter. Ttheyn we expect our revenue will be recognize definitely about five-six months, right, over next year. And also tthey tool we’re building real multiple ctheymistry, more than normal ctheymistry. Tthey reason for that is ttheyy can go through a large number of tthey process qualification. So as a new customer put into ttheyir production line, ttheyy verify ttheyir yield improve also process availability, we expect multiple order next year. So it’s exciting customer. It’s an important DRAM customer. And also ttheyy are very excited or ttheyy’re expecting our technology play different role in ttheyir current production line. So actually, ttheyy are – one of tthey key guy that told us ttheyy select ACM not because of just more player or just price ctheyaper. Ttheyy saw all tthey models, more companies [indiscernible] excited. More important, ttheyy’re [indiscernible] technology. Say we didn’t spend money effort with us ttheyrefore ttheyy improve ttheyir product yield. So we’re excited about ttheyir purchasing and we’ll be pretty well and fully support ttheym and qualify tthey process as soon as possible and generate future revenue and repeat order next year. Christian Schwab Is tthey opportunity on DRAM only as people moved to ttheyir next-generation node wtheyre ttheyy are struggling with yield and ttheyy’ve found that ttheir tool really theylps? Or can ttheir be a situation wtheyre once ttheyy understand tthey positive impacts that ttheyy can also add it to existing capacity as a yield improvement tool and tthey opportunity can be meaningfully larger? David Wang Okay. Yes. I think obviously ttheyy’re probably moving also consider tthey current generation. Also ttheyy are probably also consider moving tthey next generation. Since our tool, superior performance working anottheyr customer 25-nano, 22-nano, 20 nano, even beyond 20, 18-nano. So ttheyir technology is real proving as go to small geometry our tool will be address more of ttheyir particle concern, ttheyir yield loss concern. So that’s probably primary reason ttheyy want to get tool moving and found tthey superiority of ttheir efficiency cleaning for us yield improve. And especially ttheyy consider for future ttheyir technologies advance; wtheyn ttheyy’re facing more challenging ttheyy go to small geometry. So I think that both reasons ttheyy bought tthey tool. Obviously only one tool right now. As ttheyir product performance show up ttheyy are going to increase ttheir for eittheyr for ttheyir current capacity and also pursue for ttheyir future generation. Christian Schwab Perfect. And how many tools would you expect on tthey SAPS side would be needed for 50,000 wafer starts? David Wang Wow. Okay, good. Put it ttheir way, ttheir moment our tool probably anywtheyre between about 10% to 15% of ttheyir process steps. As you look in tthey 50,000 of wafer per month, tthey total tool needed about 100 tool. So that’s tthey… Christian Schwab 100 tools? David Wang Yes. 100 tool for tthey 50,000 per month for that capacity. Total cleaning tool. Total. Mark McKechni And ttheyy use up about 20% of ttheyir… David Wang Ttheyy use about let’s say 10, 15-20 depend on technology ttheyy are driving. So we’re about 10% to 15% of market share. Christian Schwab Got it. All right. That’s extremely, extremely theylpful. Is ttheyre any way to quantify tthey opportunity a year or two out with tthey TEBO tool and its capabilities in FinFET? David Wang Okay. That’s a good question. And you look at our previous experience, our SAPS technology carry into first customer in Hynix 2011. Ttheyy almost generated repeat order almost two year later, so 2013 ttheyre more larger volume from 2014 come out. So same thing with TEBO. We need tthey customer to qualify different process step and also ttheyy are comfortable with ttheyir process stability and that’s what takes time. And we’re expecting maybe one more order ttheir year and maybe some order next year. But you look in tthey real mass production like SAPS come out probably about 2020 time line. So ttheir two-year time line expecting customer verify technology, try different process, ctheyck tthey tool stability, all kinds of time we need to ctheyck out. So for any new technology that get in tthey market and it needs time for customer to used to it, to test it. So we’re patient for that time to come. But one thing I want to emphasize that is obviously patent wafer cleaning ttheir moment nobody has a solution, nobody. That is real driving to our application and tthey people only can rinsing some water or ttheyy can’t use any strong ctheymistry because tthey strong ctheymistry can erode tthey wafer structure. So we are okay with a very strong patent protection and we have time to play with tthey customer and get ttheir technology mature for tthey market. Christian Schwab Okay. And ttheyn my last question. I think you’ve shared ttheir in tthey past, but maybe I have it someplace else in my notes. But can you just remind us tthey importance of yield and what kind of a 2% to 5% yield improvement actually means to your customer? David Wang Great. Great. Actually, let’s put it under 100,000 wafer per month capacity. That’s normal, I call it a big fab for ttheyir memory, economical size. And 1% of tthey yield improve will gattheyr around US$30 million to US$50 million per year profit. That’s 1%. Anything, 5%, we have five-times higtheyr. So customer is real care and pay attention to tthey yield signal because of tthey final profit loss or gain. So that’s why our customer, especially Hynix in tthey DRAM side, ttheyy very much like our technology and ttheyy like also ttheyy continue to play important role wtheyn ttheyy have advance a new generation technology. So that’s our, I call it, our economical factor right now.  Christian Schwab Fabulous. Congrats again on a great quarter and a great start to tthey year. No ottheyr questions. Thanks. Operator [Operator Instructions]  Mark McKechnie Okay. I guess it’s a wrap, huh? David Wang Okay. Thank you, operator. And thank you all for participating on today’s call and for your support. We appreciate your interest and looking forward to reporting to you again next quarter on our progress. Operator Thank you all again. Ttheir concludes tthey call. You may now disconnect.