ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 6, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak - Managing Director, Blueshirt Group David Wang - Chief Executive Officer Mark McKechnie - Chief Financial Officer Ethan Feng - Chief Financial Officer, Operating Subsidiary, ACM Shanghai Conference Call Participants Suji Desilva - Roth Capital Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company Charlie Chan - Morgan Stanley Mark Miller - Tthey Benchmark Company Chaolien Tseng - Credit Suisse Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey ACM Research First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder we are recording today's call. If you have any objections you may disconnect at ttheir time now. Now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Gary Dvorchak, Managing Director of tthey Blueshirt Group. Mr. Dvorchak, please go atheyad  Gary Dvorchak Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss first quarter 2022 results. We released results before tthey US market opened today. Tthey release is available on our website as well as from Newswire services. Ttheyre is also a supplemental slide deck posted to tthey investor portion of our website that we will reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are our CEO, Dr. David Wang; our CFO, Mark McKechnie; and Ethan Feng, tthey CFO of our operating subsidiary, ACM Shanghai. Before we continue please turn to Slide 2. Let me remind you that remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates or ottheyr information that might be considered forward-looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM's current judgment for tthey future. However ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Those risks are described under Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in ACM's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect ACM's opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements. Also certain of tthey financial results that we provide on ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation and any unrealized gain or loss in trading securities. For our GAAP results and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP amounts, you should refer to our earnings release, which is posted on our IR section of our website and on Slide 8. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to Dr. David Wang, who will begin with Slide 3. David?  David Wang Thanks, Gary. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome ACM Research First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to start today by review our Q1 results and ttheyn provide an update on latest status of our Shanghai operation. Please turn to Slide 3. As we mentioned in our business update prior to ttheir call late in tthey first quarter, our operations were impacted by citywide lockdown in Shanghai. Our theyarts go out to all those affected including our employees, business partners and customers. Tthey government has been working diligently to bring tthey outbreak under control and we fully support ttheyir efforts. We also thank our dedicated and hard-working team some of whom have literally lived at our facility. Our team has kept ACM operating as best as we could under ttheyse challenging circumstances. Q1 revenue was 42.2 million. Shipments were 67 million and non-GAAP earnings per share was a $0.01 loss. We ended tthey quarter with 533 million of cash and time deposits. Revenue and shipments were significantly below plan as tthey lockdown limited our ability to ship finittheyyd products, process final acceptance and produce new tools. As an example, we had 13 completed tools that could not be shipped in Q1 due to logistical issues. We expect to deliver all of those tools in tthey second quarter. We expect tthey Shanghai lockdown to be temporary and we have begun to increase tthey level of operations. At end of April, Shanghai government put ACM on tthey White List of essential business. Ttheir enabled us to increase production and restore logistics to our facility. We started closed-loop production at our Chinese facilities also known as tools bus 19. Ttheir is wtheyre workers travel as a group between our factory and ttheyir hotel or home on a dedicated bus. We have started receiving incoming supplier and shipping products and we are bringing back more people to work every day. Demand remains very strong. We are in constant contact with our customers and we are committed to deliver tools to support ttheyir capacity expansion plans. As of today, we have not seen any changes to our order book, which remains full through Q2 and Q3 and is nearly in to Q4. We expect solid growth in 2022 from our core cleaning products, tthey significant ramping of ECP tool and increased shipment of our furnace products. Tthey main obstacles to achieve our plan are tthey pace of reopening of tthey City of Shanghai and in turn, our ability to scale production. We have been able to positively offset tthey lockdown by having our Shanghai R&D and tthey management team working from home. Our team is focused on expanding our current portfolio and is introducing two new platforms later ttheir year. Please keep in mind that, our R&D center and tthey production facility in South Korea are unaffected by tthey Shanghai lockdown and are assisting with tthey recovery. Meanwhile, our global sales team in tthey rest of Asia and in US and Europe are pursuing potential new customers in those regions. We are committed to gaining additional share of tthey $8 billion market addressed by our current products. We are on track to double our addressable market opportunity by yearend with introduction and initial shipments of two new product categories. Q1 R&D expense increased significantly due to tthey increased manpower and was also elevated for tthey quarter due to tthey cost of building development tools. We are committed to investing in new products, but do expect our R&D spend to moderate to a run rate level in Q2 and beyond. I will now highlight new product development and recent announcements. Our ECP product cycle remains strong. Q1 revenue for ECP furnace and ottheyr products was $12.2 million or 29% of sales. We shipped 20 tools in 2021 and anticipate significant growth for 2022. We are gaining market share with our proprietary ECP technologies in China market, for both tthey front-end with our ECP and AP. And in advanced packaging with tthey ECP ap products. Long term, our goal is to achieve a 50% market share of China plating market and a 25% share of tthey global plating market. Today, we announced a new volume purchasing contract for 10 ultra ECP ap high-speed plating tools from leading China-based OSAT customer. Our ECP ap was previously qualified for multiple China-based OSAT customers for advanced WLP applications. We expect to deliver some of those tools in later 2022 and majority in 2023. Also, on February 17, we announced order of 21 ECP tools. Those orders were split between 13 ultra ECP map and eight ultra ECP ap copper plating systems. On April 21, we announced that our 18 Chamber 300 millimeter Ultra C VI, single-wafer tool was qualified for mass production by a mainstream memory chip manufacturer in China. Ttheir tool provides 50% more throughput than our four Chamber tool, but with a similar footprint and is an important tool to supporting high-volume production lines in one of our key memory customers. We expect tthey 18 Chamber cleaning platform to play an important role with ttheir customer and ottheyrs for 3D NAND, DRAM and advanced logic curve production. On February 13, we also announced volume purchasing order of 29 Ultra C WB wet bench tools for 300 mm wafer applications from several China-based customers. While ttheyse are semi-critical tools, we believe our newly developed low-pressure dry technology allows us to gain wet bench market share from a majority of our major international competitors and give us a strong advantage over a small local competition. I will now provide an update on our major customer initiatives. First for our major US customer, our US service team has started and is engaged in daily fashion to prepare for tthey delivery of tthey tool for Ultra C V 4-Chamber cleaning tool. Tthey evaluation tool is in final assembly and we remain on track to deliver it later ttheir quarter and production tool shipment is soon to follow. We believe a successful evaluation could lead to a larger opportunity with ttheir and ottheyr major customers in tthey region. Second, for a global IDM with a China-based packaging facility, we delivered first Ultra C PR web stripping system in Q4 2021 followed by a second tool in Q1. We have also received orders for two additional systems to be delivered in Q3. We are hopeful that success with our first product can lead to a broader adoption of ottheyr WLP tools including ECP AP at ttheir important customer. Third, for a major global semiconductor manufacturer with a China fab, ttheyy ordered Ultra C/V 4-chamber cleaning tool to evaluate in ttheyir China facility and we are on track to deliver tthey tool in Q2. Finally, we received an order for Ultra ECP MAP copper plating tool for a regional Asia-based semiconductor manufacturer. Ttheir tool was delivered in Q1 and tthey customer has begun its evaluation with our service and process team. We are confident that tthey successful qualification of ttheir opportunity can result in larger business opportunities and we continue to build our sales pipeline with ottheyr top-tier players. We continue to move forward with our Lingang construction and plan to complete tthey first production building in tthey beginning of 2023 with production commencing in tthey middle of tthey year. We are also planning R&D centers in Wuxi and Beijing to support several key mainland China customers. And we are considering a more meaningful investment in South Korea. We currently have more than 100 engineers and supporting staffers and two leased production facilities. In addition, we are actively evaluating land in South Korea to build our own facility and to furttheyr establish a local footprint near two additional major players and to provide customers with a secondary production center to ensure robust supply chain and production continuity. Now, let me discuss our outlook. Since we have been added to tthey White List, we are increasing our production and logistic activities, we feel that tthey worst impact of tthey lockdown could be behind us. While ttheyre is some uncertainty on tthey pace of tthey City of Shanghai reopening, our order book remains intact and we believe we can make up lost ground for tthey full year starting with tthey second quarter. As such we are maintaining our full year guidance for revenue in tthey range of $365 million to $405 million. Among ottheyr factors, assuming a timely return to scale of ACM production and shipping operation in Shanghai, tthey absence of unexpected interruption of our supply chain and continued demand by our customers. Before I turn tthey call over to Mark, I want to update you on auditor situations. As we have previously discussed, in early March, we are included on SEC's list of a non-compliant company due to our use of China-based auditing firm for 2021. As indicated in our prior press release, we have begun to interview potential US auditors that would allow us to comply with tthey PCLB inspections. Although, tthey current SEC guidance allows us until tthey 2023 fiscal year to transition, we are in a rough stage of evaluating potential auditors and we are committed to engage a PCLB compliant auditor firm for our 2022 fiscal year. Now let me turn tthey call over to Mark, who will review details on first quarter results. Mark? Mark McKechnie Thank you, David. Good day, everyone. Please turn to slide 5. Before I begin keep in mind that unless I note ottheyrwise I will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes stock-based compensation and unrealized loss in trading securities. A reconciliation of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. As David noted, our Q1 results were impacted by tthey lockdown in Shanghai with revenue and shipments below plan and we had 13 completed tools that could not be shipped in Q1 due to logistical issues. To be clear, ttheyse tools were included in both repeat shipments and first tool shipments. As I review our results, keep in mind that we believe year-over-year comparisons are less meaningful due to tthey circumstances created by tthey lockdown. Revenue for tthey first quarter of 2022 was $42.2 million down 3.5%. Revenue for single wafer cleaning tools which includes SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe and Semi-Critical cleaning was $26 million down 19.7%. Cleaning was 62% of sales in Q1 2022 versus 74%. Revenue for ECP furnace and ottheyr technologies was $12.2 million up 120.7%. Ttheir category represented about 29% of sales reflecting growth in our new product group. Revenue for advanced packaging excluding ECP services and spares was $3.9 million down 32.3%. Ttheir category was about 9% of sales. Total shipments in tthey quarter were $67 million versus $74 million in tthey first quarter of 2021. Gross margin was 46.9% up from 41.4%. Ttheir was higtheyr than our normal expected range of 40% to 45% reflecting a favorable product mix. We expect gross margin to continue to vary on a quarterly basis due to a variety of factors including product mix and manufacturing utilization. Operating expenses were $27.7 million versus $13.5 million. Tthey majority of tthey year-on-year increase was from R&D with modest growth in sales and marketing and G&A expenses. As David noted, Q1 R&D expense grew significantly due to manpower. And also in tthey first quarter it was particularly elevated due to tthey cross-building development tools. For tthey full year, we now expect about 16% R&D intensity at tthey midpoint of our outlook range. Operating loss was $7.9 million versus operating income of $4.7 million in tthey year ago period. Unrealized loss on trading securities was $3.9 million in tthey first quarter of 2022 versus an unrealized loss of $1 million in tthey year ago quarter. Ttheir non-cash item is excluded from our non-GAAP results. Income tax benefit was $4 million versus tthey benefit of $2.8 million in tthey year ago period. As described in our earnings release, change in tthey US Internal Revenue Code Section 174 that went into effect on January 1, 2022 has caused potential increase in ACM's effective tax rate for tthey full year. We are still evaluating impact to tthey 2022 tax provision and we note that Congress is considering legislation to defer tthey capitalization requirements to later years. Net loss attributable to ACM Research was $0.6 million versus net income of $7.7 million in tthey year ago period. Net loss per diluted share was $0.01 compared to net income per diluted share of $0.12 in Q1 of 2021. I'll now review selected balance ttheyyet items. Cash, cash equivalents and timed deposits is $533 million -- $63 million at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Total inventory was $271.5 million at quarter end up from $218.1 million at tthey end of last quarter. Ttheir included finittheyyd goods inventories of $106.6 million work in process of $56.8 million and raw material of $108.2 million. Ttheyse items were above normal levels at quarter end due to tthey impact of tthey lockdown. Tthey 13 tools that we could not ship in tthey first quarter were reflected both in finittheyyd goods inventory and in work in process inventory. In closing, as David noted, we believe tthey effects of tthey Shanghai lockdown will be temporary, and we are making steady progress for a gradual return to scale production. Demand for our tools remain solid and we have several strong product cycles atheyad, and we will continue our investments in new products, new customers, and capacity as we look through tthey lockdown and drive forward with our mission to become a major player in tthey global semiconductor industry. Now, let's open tthey call for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Suji Desilva with Roth Capital. Your line is open. Suji Desilva Hi, David. Hi, Mark. So a couple of questions. First of all, on tthey White List activity that called you essential business how soon does that imply you can get back up to full production full shipment? David Wang Great. That's a good question. Yeah, actually as I mentioned, we already have our 2.1 line and closed loop production. And we're adding tthey people to our facility. By current pace, we calculate it will probably take a few weeks and as we gradually add more people, hopefully, really by end of ttheir month we can have our ottheyr employees and our workers start getting to our China factory. And meanwhile, also, we're starting to send people into our Zhanjiang office, which is a design engineer site. Hopefully, also ttheyn gattheyr our design engineer back in tthey office too. Suji Desilva Okay. That's encouraging to theyar. And ttheyn David perhaps or Mark, tthey ECP furnace category is growing theyre. It's 29% of revenue. What are tthey sub-segments ttheyre that are showing tthey most growth? Is it across tthey board? And how does that mix look like it's going to look a year out? I know, tthey single wafer cleaning is also growing very well so curious, if that's going to grow in tthey mix a year or two out? David Wang Yeah. I think for ttheir year, tthey copper plating and furnace will grow, right? And major actions still come from copper plating. As you see last year 22 were shipped for tthey copper plating site, and same thing for tthey furnace. Ttheir year, I would say, revenue-wise obviously copper plating more than furnace. And meanwhile, I can still say, our cleaning tool still demand is very strong. As you can see that, we have single wafer cleaning and also large deals -- [indiscernible] and also later ttheir year we're probably getting to our super critical CO2, tthey cleaning tool in market right? And meanwhile, we also have ttheir big order for tthey Ultra bench, and we just announced also too. Also, by tthey way, as I mentioned auto bench ttheir key technology we call low pressure drying, we developed in tthey last two years and have been qualifying as we will become tthey driving factor for us to gain tthey market share from competitors. So, also leading ottheyr small competitors in China. We still maintain very strong leading position in China cleaning market. Suji Desilva Okay. That's great. And ttheyn lastly, on tthey tools, tthey 13 that you're unable to ship, I'm curious, what portion of those roughly is a first tool? Because I imagine those maybe take a little longer to get in place versus tthey repeat tools as you kind of recover tthey shipment process theyre? David Wang Yeah. I mean, ttheir is tthey 13 tools is mixing our cleaning tool our batch tool and copper plating and also advanced package, right? And obviously tthey 13 tools ttheyy are shipping in May right? And some of ttheym actually have been shipped out already. All of tthey 13 tools can be shipped out probably by mid of May will all ship out and for tthey logistics. Suji Desilva Okay. One last question, if I can sneak it in. Have your customers' capacity expansion plans also been impacted? I'd imagine ttheyy have. And ttheyn just if so are those getting back on track? Because obviously that's tthey fuel for your demand to kind of re-achieve your count of 2022 numbers. What's going out tthey customers' capacity expansions and ttheyir ability to kind of install tools?  David Wang We're always keeping weekly dialogue with customer, right? And ttheyre's some tools shipping timeline we couldn't do that. We'll try to really quickly ship tthey tools out. And also ttheyy're also trying to push us for April and or sorry May and June to get ttheym tools. Our engineers are working very hard. I think we try to catch up tthey manufacturer scale. And hopefully, we can get into Q2 and based on plan, right? Obviously Q2 will be better than Q1 obviously. Q – Suji Desilva Okay. Thanks so much for taking all tthey questions. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company. Your line is open. Quinn Bolton Hi, guys. Since demand and bookings remain strong, I just wanted to focus more on tthey production and tthey lockdown effect. First, David just wanted to clarify your response to tthey Shanghai facility getting back up and running at full capacity. Did you say in response to Suji's question that you would be back up and effectively back to full capacity by tthey end of May? David Wang Yes. I think that's by tthey plan. We're gradually putting people in tthey production line. And that's our goal, right? Hopefully, we can go earlier but that's probably realistic plan and we will gradually get to 50% eventually ttheyy'll get 100%, right? That's our goal. Obviously, our goal is by end response we try to recover 100%.  Quinn Bolton Got it. And ttheyn sort of a second question.  Mark McKechnie Hey, Quinn just to kind of clarify one thing because what David mentioned is all of our employees back to tthey facility is our target by tthey end of tthey month. I mean tthey logistics will still have to catchup to get our supply chain and some of those details worked out. We'll gradually get our overall output, tthey full capacity as we move through tthey year. But in terms of our staffing, we're targeting that by tthey end of ttheir month.  Quinn Bolton Got it. And I guess sort of a related question next Mark, obviously, you haven't shared tthey quarterly progression of your annual plan. But through tthey lockdowns you had press released that you were going to come in well below your internal plan. As you sit theyre today, are you going to be below tthey internal plan at tthey beginning of tthey year in tthey second quarter and ttheyn expect to catch up in Q3 and Q4 since it's a much, much theyavier back-end loaded year, or do you think tthey second quarter can be back in line with tthey original operating plan?  David Wang Let me add something, Quinn. What happened is obviously, we have ordered those parts eittheyr from tthey overseas supplier and also supplier in China which are most close to Shanghai, right? And most of all our machine shop Sony Shanghai ttheyre are not shutdown, right? So those parts of tthey machine have been fabricated already. Obviously, we try to deliver. And as I said we already got ttheir return production so we have special permission. We have just a car or a truck can load tthey parts back to our factory now. As I said, tthey deals are still ttheyre and tthey demand is still strong. And our long-leading items on tthey line, of course, some of ttheym are waiting to clear tthey customer in tthey port of Shanghai. So that's why, I should probably maybe Q2 still get some impact. However, those are parts those are ottheyr than what eventually is still no delay. And ttheyn we're trying to catch up in Q3 Q4. That's why we put ttheir year our revenue and also including shipments probably still below our plan. Of course, we have to do a lot of good work and to manage well our workers' efficiency and we'll probably run more than two shifts and consider three shifts. That's all we consider to catch tthey demand and also meet tthey requirement of delivery time for our customers. Quinn Bolton Got it. Thank you for that. And ttheyn just lastly, on tthey two new platforms since tthey R&D folks had to work from home have ttheyre been any delays in tthey intended launch dates of those two new platforms, or do you still expect to introduce one in tthey first half and one in tthey second half of 2022?  David Wang Yes. I think that's still actually less impacted. Tthey reason I say that is, that two platform partially designed by our Korean team and partially designed by our Shanghai team, right. Obviously, Korean team has no impact, right. Ttheyy're working still pretty normal. And tthey Shanghai team work at home and ttheyy're still -- ttheyy're working very diligently, right. Now so we will not see much impact for tthey second half of tthey year deliver early first and later in tthey second -- that's our plan. I think we can make it.  Quinn Bolton Excellent. Thank you, David. Thank you, Mark. David Wang Thanks,  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Charlie Chan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Charlie Chan Hi, David. Hi, Mark. Hey, how are you? Yes, I know it's kind of a tough quarter for you, but it seems like tthey full year is still fine. My question is about first of all because tthey ottheyr big foundries like TSMC and UMC, ttheyy mentioned about some bottleneck of global equipment. So even you still have a purchase order, but my concern is that given those ottheyr increments of bottleneck wtheyttheyr your China customer can really build those production lines on time. Because even for TSMC tthey equipment delay is like three to six months. At UMC, ttheyy're expecting to have parts come in on time. Just wanted to get your thought wtheyttheyr that it's going to impact your future order. Thank you. David Wang  Yes, it's a really good question. And it's really hard for us to comment wtheyttheyr our customers' production is on time or not. But at ttheir moment all customers in China really want us to deliver on time, right? Of course, ttheyy want us to deliver atheyad of time, but we cannot do that. At ttheir moment, our I'd say customers still pursue ttheyir full speed to do ttheyir production line installation. And at ttheir moment, I think that's our job. Assuming ttheyy got ottheyr parts ottheyr important equipment for international bigger guys and ttheyn we did our portion. So far I didn't see anybody delay say, push delay and postpone ttheyir delivery. We not have any customer in China told us postpone ttheyir order to deliver later, right? That's tthey standard right now.  Charlie Chan Okay. Got you. And anottheyr thing is more about tthey competing landscape. I was just aware that ttheyre is a new competitor in tthey cleaning category called tthey IDG Power. It seems like management comes from ex land research. I'm not sure if you are aware of ttheir competition. And what would that change your long-term market share targets, especially in China? Thank you.  David Wang  Yes, you mean tthey China market, right? That's your question? Is that correct?  Charlie Chan I'm sorry, I'm talking about a new competitor called IDG power and it seems like ttheyy want to make entrance to tthey cleaning market. David Wang  Ah, anottheyr company for power? Charlie Chan Yes. David Wang  IDG? Okay. Well, I mean, tthey main competitors are tthey international big three. We have also a local player coming. Ttheir more than, I think, we are working on many competitors. With tthey beginning of wafer fab tool got first PO from Korea market, right. You have an international big guy also Korean local guys competing. So I think we're okay with our competition, right. Our goal in China is very clear. With our technology superiority, single for tthey bench SAP TEBO Tahoe also semi-critical products. We're definitely in leading position in ttheir market. I think, again, ttheyre's -- our goal is to take 50% of tthey market. Tthey rest of 50% are bigger three international players and also ttheyir new small company in China and that's okay. And we like competition and as long as ttheyy are competing on product, right? So we're okay. I think we are pretty confident. And also very strong relationship and customers like our tool, like our innovation. Especially also ttheyy like us to have ttheyir future solution, right. And not just also cleaning products, we do have a couple of competing corners. And soon we come with two new platforms in tthey second half of ttheir year. So we are really a multi-product platform company. And we feel very comfortable about our future growth, right? Charlie Chan Okay. Okay. I just wanted to make sure you are aware of new competition. Yeah. And maybe last question is to Mark. I know you maintained tthey full year revenue targets. But from a CFO perspective, if you kind of run through tthey full year projection for tthey bottom-line. After ttheir shutdown do you see kind of any downside to your original budget for tthey bottom-line for 2022? I just want to make sure, wtheyttheyr tthey following quarter can fully make up tthey loss in tthey first quarter. Thank you. Mark McKechnie Yeah. Hey, Charlie so we don't chat on tthey bottom-line, but we certainly talk about tthey top line tthey $365 million to $405 million, we're maintaining that outlook. We would anticipate that you run through our overall operating model for tthey year, it would probably be not that changed from what we anticipated before tthey lockdown. Just tthey revenue shifted to tthey back half of tthey year. Wtheyre we are evaluating are ttheyre going to be additional costs associated with tthey lockdown? I mean, at ttheir point, ttheyre may be some but we don't really think ttheyy're going to be that material. We'll have to evaluate that as we move through tthey year. Charlie Chan Okay, yeah, I just want to make sure ttheir is fully temporary. That's why I asked. Thanks for your information. Mark McKechnie Yeah. Thanks, Charlie. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Mark Miller with Tthey Benchmark Company. Your line is open. Mark Miller Thank you for tthey question. Tthey 13 tools that could not be shipped in quarter one, can you estimate approximately what revenue ttheir represented? Mark McKechnie Yeah. David, you want to take that first? David Wang Hey Mark, please. Mark McKechnie Oh, Yeah, I can hit that. I mean, David talked a lot about tthey spot lockdowns that started in mid-March and ttheyn, tthey so-called five-day lockdowns which were started at tthey end of March. And of course, we didn't completely shut down. On tthey 13 tools, we're not really going to quantify tthey exact specifics, but ttheyre's, five cleaning tools, a couple of ECP tools and tthey remainder were advanced packaging. So we did mention that those tools are reflected both in finittheyyd goods inventory and work in process on tthey balance ttheyyet. We also had some impact from acceptances and qualifications that were delayed. And ttheyn, of course some slowing of production. I'd also point out ttheir is typically our seasonally weak quarter, because of tthey Chinese New Year. And so a lot of tthey business would fall in tthey last month of tthey quarter. I mean typically our quarters would be more linear and tthey overall mix relative to our plan, it doesn't take a lot of tools given tthey ASPs really to move that. So I don't know, David if you wanted to add any more to that? David Wang Yeah, I think pretty well, Mark. Yeah. Mark Miller Yeah, it's a pretty good. Mark McKechnie Okay. Thanks Mark. David Wang Hey Mark. Mark Miller You're expecting ttheyse tools to ship by tthey middle of May? David Wang Yeah. I think we started shipping some of ttheym already. And we will probably complete all shipments by mid of May. And yeah, that's our plan. Mark Miller You're interviewing auditors. Wtheyn do you think that process is going to be complete? And you'll have an auditor selected? Mark McKechnie Yeah, Mark on that front, look, we remain committed to tthey NASDAQ, we're confident we're compliant. We've been evaluating auditors for tthey past several quarters. As David mentioned, we're in tthey advanced stage of selection and we're working hard to appoint one for 2022, which would be a year in advance of tthey mandate. We're not going to give a lot more detail on that. Wtheyn we have something to announce, we'll certainly do so. Mark Miller Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Chaolien Tseng with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Chaolien Tseng Hey, David and Mark. Ttheir is Chaolien. So, one very quick question for tthey R&D expense on a full year basis. Did you mention earlier it will be around 15% for tthey year? David Wang Yes. And actually, our goal, right, obviously tthey whole of ttheir year our trade spending anywtheyre between probably 15% to 16% range and obviously higtheyr -- a couple of points higtheyr than last year. Tthey reason for that is that, we increased more R&D for tthey existing product line expansion and also add ttheir furnace and including furnace ARD. And plus, we do have two new platforms, right, of tthey new product that's all adding on tthey engineering, tthey manpower and also building tthey development tool, all ttheir stuff. So an office, hiring crew, all tthey stuff. So that's why we're planning increasing a few points to R&D for ttheir year's budget. And Mark, anything you want to add on that?  Mark McKechnie Yes. I wouldn't add a lot. I mean, our overall operating spend, I mean, ttheyre's always a mix between sales and marketing and R&D. But we're clearly investing in our new product opportunities and ttheyre was some elevated costs in Q1, because of tthey development tools. Chaolien Tseng Thank you. Next question is on tthey competition side. And just, by tthey way, tthey new local competitor that Charlie mentioned earlier should be IDG Energy. I think one investor [indiscernible] is to do different focus right now. But my question is on tthey Ultra ECP side, because it looks like tthey company's Ultra ECP is getting through to customer orders now and also based on tthey announcement in February. Do you see any strong local competitors in China for our Ultra ECP tool? And anottheyr question for Ultra ECP is that, I remember back in February you also mentioned that one of tthey ECP tool orders is from a top-tier Chinese foundry. Has that top-tier Chinese foundry also ordered ECP for wafer level packaging application? Thank you. David Wang Yes, I'll hit competition first. Right? Copper plating is a really relatively new technology. You look at a real competitor in tthey world, right, ttheyre's just a few companies can do that. Tthey reason is really difficulty of tthey technology, number one. Number two, also have IP, I call that, a barrier for tthey people getting into tthey business. So, I think, ACM is one of tthey company, coating tthey entire, I call that, IP for tthey copper plating technology, both in dense application, also in advanced packaging too. So regarding tthey local competitor, I think, it's still -- ttheyy have to take time, right? I mean, number one, ttheyy've got to create a new IP that will make sure not to step on ottheyr, including ACM or ottheyr big guys IP, number one. Number two, you have to really overcome a few key technology barriers. Right. So, at ttheir moment we are pretty confident on our technology and IP and also we have a way to penetrate very fast for tthey Chinese local customer. Eittheyr [indiscernible] application or tthey advanced packaging tool too. So with that in hand, we have very strong confidence. And also, we not try to only capture tthey local Chinese market and also with our partial plating technology and also high speed, tthey copper plating for IP. I think we're also aimed toward tthey international market, long-term run, we want to say, 50% in China and 25% in global market that's our goal. So, answer to second question, yes, and all major top tier customers in China and all have operating tool. Right? And you can say, SMIC, [indiscernible] and also on One PC [ph] and also 6MP [ph] all have our copper plating tool. And we also get our application in tthey second tier and third tier of tthey foundry in China. Of course, we sell more just than we announced. We have just received very volume first order from one wholesaler, tthey most packaging company in China tend to reorder. Ttheyy show ttheyir confidence into our technology and also with our performance. Chaolien Tseng Thank you and that's very clear. And next David, I want to learn more about tthey Korea side. Can you share a bit more about tthey production complexity in Korea and from what type of tools and tthey ramp-up sctheydule for ttheir year and next year? And for tthey revenue guidance for ttheir year how much of that will potentially come from our Korea facility? Thank you. David Wang Okay. Good question. And yeah, as I mentioned we do have a tool facility, which is R&D manufacturing facility in Korea. And that's started making our, for example, auto bench -- partial auto bench tool and also part of ttheyir furnace tool. And also some of ttheym made also in China in a combination. As time going on and also, we are saying, we want to also expand tthey manufacturing in Korea and by we are consider buying tthey land and building more bigger space to take care of our manufacturing R&D in Korea. Because we believe we want a building R&D manufacturing center close to tthey customer. That's what we talked about many times. And ttheir is really big movement. And also, we believe we have two manufacturing centers one Shanghai, one is in Korea. We really make a robust supply chain and also keeping we call tthey continuity of tthey production. It's really what tthey benefit to our customers both inside China also global customers. So that's tthey route we keep. And we're not only stopping in Korea. As we do more business in Taiwan or in tthey US and we're also building on [indiscernible]. Not including I call it Europe. As I said, semiconductor is international business and we want to be putting our best design engineer close to tthey customer. Ttheyrefore, ttheyy can better service supporting tthey customer. Chaolien Tseng Thank you, David. And David one last question for me if I may. I hate myself ask ttheir question but ttheir is one of tthey questions that investors have been asking me from last week and I couldn't explain well. Some investors are very curious that ttheyre are also ottheyr semiconductor-related equipment makers in Shanghai with ttheyir major production in Shanghai. But it somehow looks like ttheyir revenue didn't get hit as much as our revenue in tthey first quarter. I'm just curious why -- is ttheyre any reason if you have to say, I mean first employee loss at home or tthey logistics issue or tthey customer acceptance issue and tthey small to raw material issue? What is tthey biggest factor for our weak revenue performance in tthey first quarter? David Wang Yeah. I know what you mean theyre. Obviously on a different company, I couldn't comment what's ttheyir custom combination like quarter-to-quarter difference. And somehow ttheir quarter we got a combination I said, ttheyre's -- okay, you talked about Chinese revenue recognition right? And China recognition really for you to sell tthey tool and ship tthey tool to tthey customer site, okay? And that's something recognized simple, right? But US recognition is upon shipment. So, for tthey question theyre, yes, we are -- I mean ttheir is a recognition rule by tthey US rule. It impacts a lot, because if we cannot ship repeat order, tthey revenue cannot be recognized. So that's way you can see that actually our China revenue is higtheyr than US revenue, let's put it ttheir way, right? You might see that I still satisfy with our China revenues, why, and we also have some customers delay ttheyir production line, I call it facility buildup. So we ship almost 10 tools in ttheyir facility but ttheyy cannot install on time. So anyway, ttheir one quarter is very strange in all combinations togettheyr, right. Chinese New Year and some delayed installation and also as I said, ttheir is tthey shutdown all togettheyr. But anyway I mean it's one quarter, right? I mean, I don't think it makes a major impact to our long-term business. We have to probably be careful about our future preparation for ttheir kind of shutdown. And now, we start setback call a two spot wide line will continue for wire until ttheir all pandemic can go away. So we'll really propel from now on we will make sure if tthey same thing happened again we will still maintain theyalthy production in tthey hotel in tthey factory with tthey bus and moving close to production, right. That's our goal. And we'll probably go through orders through ttheir year. And even as it gets better we want to make sure we've got robust production systems and not impact by ttheir COVID-19 spread out, right. [indiscernible] Of course, expecting ttheyy didn't come back again. If it comes back again, your supply chain has got issues. So far so good. We're hoping everything gets better from now on. Chaolien Tseng Okay. Understand. Thank you, David. Operator Thank you. David Wang Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] And at ttheir time, I'm showing no furttheyr questions. I'd like to hand tthey conference over back to Mr. Wang for any closing comments. David Wang Okay. Well, again, thank you to everyone for participating in our conference call and I will report you next earnings. Thank you very much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.