ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q1 2023 Results Conference Call May 5, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak - Managing Director, Blueshirt Group David Wang - CEO Mark McKechnie - CFO Conference Call Participants Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company Suji Desilva - Roth Capital Charlie Chan - Morgan Stanley Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Donnie Teng - Nomura Mark Miller - Benchmark Operator Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey ACM Research First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder today’s program is being recorded.  And now I would like to introduce your host for today's program, Gary Dvorchak, Managing Director of Tthey Blueshirt Group. Please go atheyad. Gary Dvorchak Thanks, Jonathan, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss first quarter 2023 results. We released results before tthey U.S. market opened today. Tthey release is available on our website as well as from Newswire services. Ttheyre's also a supplemental slide deck posted to tthey investor portion of our website that we will reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are our CEO, Dr. David Wang; our CFO, Mark McKechnie, and Zachary Feng, tthey CFO of our operating subsidiary, ACM Shanghai. Before we continue, please turn to Slide 2. Let me remind you that remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates or ottheyr information that might be considered forward-looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM's current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Those risks are described under Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in ACM's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect ACM's opinions only as tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements.  Certain of tthey financial results that we provide on ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation and an unrealized gain or loss in trading securities. For our GAAP results and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP amounts, you should refer to our earnings release, which is posted on tthey IR section of our website and look at Slide 12. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to David Wang, who will begin with Slide 3. David? David Wang Thanks, Gary. Hello, everyone, and welcome to ACM Research, first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Please turn to Slide 3. For tthey first quarter, revenue was $74.3 million, up 76% from same quarter last year. Shipments were $89 million, up 33% from tthey same quarter last year. Gross margin was 53.8%, and non-GAAP operating margin was 14.7%. Our operations in tthey first quarter were impacted by tthey several factors, including tthey COVID policy, tthey Chinese New Year holiday, supply chain challenging related to U.S. restrictions and some delayed delivery to certain customers. We expect our business to improve in tthey second quarter, with expected acceleration in tthey third and fourth quarter. Starting with product, please turn to Slide 4. We had a good growth from our cleaning tools and increased contribution from our ECP furnace and ottheyr technology with a continued strong product cycle from ECP products, which were more than one-third of our first quarter sales. Single-wafer cleaning, Tahoe and semi-critical cleaning grew 41%, driven by single-wafer cleaning tools and strong mature nodes demand in China. ACM has one of tthey broadest cleaning product portfolio in tthey industry, covering nearly 90% of all cleaning process steps. We recently introduced several important new cleaning tools, including tthey Bevel Etch tool and high-temperature SPM single-wafer cleaning tool, which is important for our international efforts. In Q1, we received tthey customer qualification of our single-wafer wet Bevel Etch tool.  ECP and furnace and ottheyr technology grew 117%. Growth in ttheir category was driven primarily by ECP product cycle with some contribution from furnace. Our higtheyr temperature Henryeal and LPCVD furnaces, including silicon nitride and poly have expanded to multiple customers and are in qualification. Advanced packaging, excluding ECP service and spare parts grow from our small base last year and represent about 15% of tthey sales. Ttheir category, including a range of packaging tools, including coater, developer, scrubber, PR Stripper and wet etctheyr and services spare parts. ACM is tthey only company that offers both a full set of web tools and advanced plating tools. We believe advanced packaging will continue -- will become more important as tthey industry looks for packaging innovation such as 2.5D and 3D in tthey Appolo and fan out to drive higtheyr performance.  Our product line is very well suited for tthey mature nodes and power devices investment we see in tthey near term for China. We see continued investment in 28, 45 nano and above nanometer in front-end fab capacity as China is committed to close tthey gap between its consumption and production of semiconductors. We also see tthey ramp-up of tthey EV production in China, as tthey driving of China-based investment in both power devices and ottheyr 28 and 45 nano devices. In ttheir mature node expansion environment, we expect a solid growth from our cleaning tools, especially our auto bench, which is well suited for those applications. For each app and products, I feel great about both our PECVD and Track platforms. Similar to our cleaning, plating and furnace product line, our PECVD and Track platform have a proprietary technology that we believe were making ttheym winner with a major customer, both in China and outside China. We are in active discussion with our key customers. Ttheyy are acceptive to our new approach and technologies, cost and tthey wafer throughput. Although, we do not expect revenue in 2023, we plan to deliver several evaluation tools to key customers ttheir year. ACM has built a scale business in cleaning, and we have a strong product cycle from ECP, furnace and ottheyr technologies. With tthey Track and PECVD, we are moving from proof-of-concept during tthey last year to accept to active evaluation with tthey key customers. At ttheir point, we now believe our differentiated technology can go theyad-to-theyad with any of tthey major players. Moving on to customer, please turn to Slide 5. I'm pleased with our position with tthey China-based customer and tthey progress we are making with tthey potential new customers in ottheyr markets. In China, we believe ACM tools are now used by nearly all tthey semiconductor manufacturers. Our sales and service teams are working to expand tthey deployment of each of our major product line across our growing customer base. We continue to gain traction from second and third-tier semiconductor manufacturers, including power, analog, CMOS image sensor, compound semiconductors, MEMS and ottheyr devices.  In tthey U.S., tthey evaluation of a key potential customer is progressing well, and we remain optimistic that ttheir could lead to production orders. In Europe, we announced an order for our first evaluation tool from a top-tier customer in tthey first quarter. Tthey tool is planned for delivery in tthey early Q4 ttheir year, and we are beginning to build a local service team to support efforts. To support our growth initiatives, we continue to add a facility in China and ottheyr regions. Please to Slide 6. I will start with an update on China. Construction of Lingang production and R&D center is on track for initial production in tthey second half of ttheir year. We took ownership of our new theyadquarter for ACM Shanghai in Zhangjiang, ttheir quarter and plan to move in later ttheir year. Ttheir is an important addition for us that we believe will provide tthey stability for employees, theylp us attract new talent and allow us to invest in world-class earning center to speed up tthey development of our tools. Next, in Korea, we have a strong basis of more than 70 R&D engineers and more than 50,000 square feet of leased R&D, administrative and production facility. ASM Korea co-developed our furnace Track and PECVD products, togettheyr with our Shanghai R&D team. As I've noted in previous calls, we have increased our commitment to Korea. We believe a strong commitment to Korea will improve our relationship. We are also adding resource in tthey U.S. to support ongoing evaluation and additional sales activities. In tthey first quarter, we leased a facility in Oregon to add to our service support and demonstration capability for R&D and customer activities in tthey region. As noted on tthey call last quarter, for 2023 we expect to spend about $100 million CapEx. Ttheir including continued investment in our Lingang facility, remodeling for our new theyadquarter for ACM Shanghai and our investment in Korea and tthey U.S. Following ttheir important investment, we believe our major spending projects will be completed for tthey next several years. I will now provide our outlook for tthey full year 2023, please turn to Slide 9. Reaffirm our 2023 revenue outlook to be in tthey range of 515 to [Technical Difficulty] first tool on tthey evaluation in tthey field. Now let me turn tthey call over to our CFO, Mark, who will review details for our first quarter results. Mark, please? Mark McKechnie  Thank you, David. Good day, everyone. Please turn to Slide 10. Unless I note ottheyrwise, I'd refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes stock-based compensation, unrealized loss on trading securities. Reconciliation of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. Recall that our operations last year, in tthey first quarter of 2022, were impacted by tthey Shanghai COVID restrictions. As David noted, our operations in tthey first quarter of 2023 were impacted by China's relaxed COVID policy, tthey Chinese New Year holiday, supply chain challenges related to tthey U.S. restrictions and some delayed deliveries to certain customers. I will now provide financial highlights for tthey first quarter. Revenue was $74.3 million versus $42.2 million in tthey first quarter of last year. Total shipments were $89 million, up 33%. Revenue for single-wafer cleaning tools and semi-critical cleaning was $36.6 million, up 41% from $26 million in tthey first quarter of last year. Revenue for ECP furnace and ottheyr technologies was $26.6 million, up 117% from $12.2 million in tthey first quarter of last year. Revenue for advanced packaging, excluding ECP services and spares was $11 million, up 183% from $3.9 million. Gross margin was 54%, up from 46.9% in tthey prior year period. Ttheir exceeded our normal expected range of 40% to 45%. Tthey high gross margin was primarily due to a favorable product mix with a particularly strong mix of our higtheyr-margin products and a lighter mix of our lower-margin products for tthey quarter. We expect gross margin to continue to vary from period-to-period due to a variety of factors such as sales volume, product mix and currency impacts. Operating expenses were $29.2 million versus $27.7 million in tthey year ago period. Tthey increase was due primarily to higtheyr sales and marketing and G&A costs, partly offset by lower R&D costs. Operating income was $10.9 million, representing 14.7% operating margin versus an operating loss of $7.9 million in tthey year ago period. We recorded a realized gain of $4 million from tthey sale of a portion of ACM Shanghai shares of SMIC for tthey quarter. Recall that tthey realized gains are included in non-GAAP earnings. Net income tax expense was $2.9 million compared to an income tax benefit of $4 million in tthey year ago period. As a result of tthey change in Section 174 of tthey U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended that became effective in January 1, 2022, our effective tax rate has increased primarily due to tthey new requirement to capitalize and amortize previously deductible R&D expenses. Net income attributable to ACM Research was $9.9 million versus a net loss of $0.6 million in tthey year ago period. Net income per diluted share was $0.15 compared to a net loss per diluted share of $0.01 in Q1 of 2022. I will now review selected balance ttheyyet items. Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and time deposits were $381.7 million at tthey end of tthey first quarter versus $420.9 million at tthey end of tthey last quarter. Total inventory was $473.3 million at tthey end of tthey first quarter, up from $393.2 million at tthey end of last quarter. Ttheir includes finittheyyd goods inventory of $195.7 million, work in process of $74.4 million in raw material $203.2 million. Capital expenditures for tthey first quarter were about $15 million, which includes spending on our Lingang facilities, normal maintenance spending. And as David mentioned, tthey purchase of land in South Korea. That concludes our prepared remarks. Let's open tthey call for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Quinn Bolton from Needham & Company. Quinn Bolton Congratulations on tthey nice results and continued strong outlook. I guess first, maybe David and Mark, can you just give us your sense of spending in tthey China market, both on sort of tthey mature nodes, but also including power semiconductors, silicon carbide. Are you seeing continued strength in those nodes? And how sustainable do you think that spending is? David Wang Okay. Well, actually, looking at tthey real electric vehicle growth market in China in a pretty -- very promising, right? And a lot of Chinese people like driving electrical car because much less gas spending. So we see that market even grow and also ttheyy're using much more silicon base of ttheyir power devices versus silicon carbide, right? So we see that probably 12-inch wafer fab and also demanding for tthey IGBT or power devices is accelerating. So we see that market will be steady growth, also tthey multiple fab, multiple customers also aiming for ttheir very high potential market. You also see that as also our future growth and for both cleaning tool and Tahoe plating tool and tthey furnace, including PECVD and tthey future even track. So we see that one of tthey major driving for tthey mature nodes. Obviously, 28 and 45 nano also ottheyr MEMS devices also with growth potential by tthey future few years. Quinn Bolton And Mark, I know you have been putting a lot of working capital into inventory over tthey past couple of years. Balance is now up to almost $500 million. I guess, is ttheyre a point wtheyre you start to throttle back on inventory? I guess, I was particularly surprised by tthey increase in finittheyyd goods, your shipments weren't up that meaningfully, but wondering if you could just give us your kind of latest thoughts on you approach $500 million of inventory on tthey balance ttheyyet, does that balance start to level out for a period of time? Mark McKechnie Yes. Thanks, Quinn, on that. So for tthey quarter, Q1 shipments were down, right? And ttheyre were a number of reasons for that, that we talked about, right? Tthey relaxation of tthey COVID restrictions were a lot of employees and our customers caught tthey illness in December and January, you had Chinese New Year, tthey adjustments to tthey U.S. restrictions as well and some delays. So that led to a lower shipment number. And so our overall inventory uptick, as you know, it's raw materials, work in process and finittheyyd goods inventory. We expect our shipments to rebound pretty nicely in Q2 and beyond. So that's one driver for tthey inventory. And ttheyn I think you also know that tthey finittheyyd goods inventory, most of that includes tthey evaluation tools that are at our customers. So we had an increase quarter-on-quarter from that. We also did have an increase quarter-on-quarter of finittheyyd goods inventory that was not shipped to tthey customer. So for those reasons. So to answer your question, we do anticipate tthey inventory. It's at an elevated level ttheir quarter. We'd anticipate that being kind of a high watermark and should be coming down as we move forward. Operator One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from tthey line of Suji Desilva from ROTH Capital. Suji Desilva So tthey gross margin in tthey quarter was above trend. I'm curious, can you remind us what are tthey segments are above trend that are driving that? And I know non-single wafer clean is doubling year-over-year, is that a pace that could continue and wtheyre tthey gross margin implications ttheyre? David Wang Yes. I think, Suji, ttheir is tthey gross margin really depends on product combination, right? It really depends on how much portion of tthey high-margin product versus low-margin product. So I still think our margin is still going to be 40%, 45%. And tthey reason for that is we're still driving our product and for all tthey -- like a cleaning -- advanced single-wafer versus also tthey auto bench. And for tthey ECP, we have also front-end or back-end also too. So let's put ttheir way. I think we're still probably -- we think our range is still 40%, 45%. And maybe until laydown our PECVD and Track become mature, especially we have spending to tthey international market, right? That might be changing. But for tthey near future, I think 40%, 45% is pretty much a good range for our product portfolio now. Suji Desilva And ttheyn you related tthey full year expectation. Do tthey customer delays that you saw in 1Q, did those -- are those normalizing recovering as expected right now? Do you expect any lingering impact in tthey 2023 numbers around COVID or U.S. geopolitical challenges in China? David Wang Yes. Ttheyre is a certain delay, right? And I think that both have some delay from tthey advanced nodes and also some delay of furttheyr mature nodes, too. However, I think those are delayed shipments, we think it still will be -- probably happen eittheyr something happens till end of ttheir year, maybe something we have maybe next year. Also, I want to see that is -- we see also ottheyr new customers coming, right? So looking at for ttheir year, we see our shipment is still record high. It's real promising. And however, those revenues will come from mostly new customers, right? So that's tthey reason we still maintain our revenue as we projected and will probably by second quarter later we'll have a more clear picture and ttheyn we'll start to possibly changing base on tthey new -- our readout for tthey next six months or beyond. Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from tthey line of Charlie Chan from Morgan Stanley. Charlie Chan So my first question is still about your first quarter revenue. I'm wondering what is kind of unsteady factor, right? As we all know ttheyre's a Chinese New Year ttheyre is COVID policy. But I'm just wondering what kind of tthey unexpected event? Because I feel like in terms of tthey full year target, your quarterly run rate should be like USD 90 million to USD 100 million. But it seems like it's not like a minor shortfall. Can you give us a more explanation on that? David Wang Yes, let me say something, maybe Mark can add more. Actually, Charlie, first quarter always lower, right? And obviously, tthey Chinese New Year, and ttheir year, more specially, ttheyre's a COVID relaxing, which impact our operation and also our supply chain, too. So if I look at tthey first quarter we think it's still a pretty good quarter wtheyn compared with tthey year ago, right? I mean, a year ago even worse, I know that. But I looking at tthey second quarter, obviously, will be strong, and we see tthey third and fourth quarter even strong and strong, right? So that's why we still say, "Hey, first quarter results, it's natural and normal. And we see more of a growth in tthey next 3 quarters. Mark McKechnie Yes. Charlie, tthey only thing what I'd add is, if you looked at last year, maybe tthey first half of tthey year was about -- and typically, first half of tthey year is at 35% to 40% and in tthey second half of tthey year tthey remainder. So ttheir year, tthey first half would be in tthey 35% -- that sort of similar range with tthey back half tthey rest. And we talked a few quarters ago wtheyn tthey restrictions on tthey advanced nodes first hit, and we are continuing to see a pause, right, as tthey overall supply chain and our customers adapt to comply with tthey rules. And so that's impacting tthey first half as well. Charlie Chan Okay. Yes. So that sort of cause of tthey shipping to that that is something that we didn't fully capture. Is that a fair interpretation? Mark McKechnie No, I think we captured that. Yes. I mean that was -- we had talked about that towards tthey end of last year. And so that was anticipated. Yes. David Wang I should say ttheyre's some delay on tthey shipment, right, for certain customers, which is probably also and give us minor impact from also tthey revenue in Q1, Q2. But those shipments maybe we think we maybe resume, right, in tthey Q4 or Q3 time line, but we don't know yet. It depends on tthey market going, right? So that's some I call not fully clear at ttheir moment. Charlie Chan Okay. Okay. Yes. I mean sorry for asking all those details, because I feel like companies are running well, but share price didn't perform. So I thought ttheir should -- because of tthey first quarter revenue shortfall. But that's all clear now. And tthey second question actually relates to tthey first one. So if you put a little bit a mid to long-term perspective. I mean tthey opportunity for China now more depends on power semi, analog, EV end market, as you just shared. So I'm wondering, just in terms of tthey cleaning tool in terms of percentage of CapEx, can you give us some comparison between tthey mature nodes versus tthey leading etch, right? For example, if I assume cleaning is 10% of tthey mature node and 5% of leading etch you said that right way to think about tthey opportunity? David Wang Yes. I will see that still, we see tthey 28 nano and 45 something is still major mature nodes driving, right? And we will definitely see also people spending for ttheyir power devices, which are almost like 60, 80 nano devices for those power devices. So I want to say in tthey future like tthey next year, one year, two years, we see a lot of fab building to production ttheyse power devices. And so we see that's still 2 major driving 28 and 45 and also power devices. But looking at tthey real tool, I should say 28 nano is 80% cleaning tool, but 45% above and also including tthey power device, so probably 80% is tthey auto bench, right? It's tthey reverse. And our product portfolio is both cover both applications. So as you say, obviously, I see a lot of our demand for auto bench as tthey people moving 45 and also ttheyir power devices, right -- analog devices. So we see that tthey market continues to grow. Which is tthey -- auto bench, by tthey way, we'll just bring tthey market 2, 3 years ago. So we see that add anottheyr driving force for our revenue growth. Charlie Chan And my last one is about your supply chain and also Lingang facility, right? So David, you just mentioned that tthey long-term gross margin may have upside given tthey PECVD and Track contribution, but how about Lingang. I remember in your previous earnings call, you said Lingang can theylp you to improve tthey gross margin. Is that still tthey case? David Wang Yes. I think ttheyre obviously, even in PECVD, ttheyre's high-margin product also kind of a low-margin product, right, including Track tool. So we're probably balance in our customer and also our product portfolio. And at ttheir moment, I still say maintain 40%, 45% as our range. And unless until we really have a high margin and high quality product be proving in tthey market, which can be beyond 45%. At ttheir moment, I want to still maintain our gross margin 40%, 45%, right? That's tthey right near future of gross margin. Charlie Chan But how about Lingang, bigger scale? David Wang Yes. Lingang I think we're definitely -- we'll probably start production in tthey end of ttheir year. And also, ttheyre's a -- add more of automation for our assembly for production. As long run, we see Lingang definitely add more value, right, and improve our gross margins. But initial one year, two years, I don't know, really. It's really -- you have tthey real makers fab running smoothly and ttheyy run a full scale. So as a long run, definitely improved, right. Shorter run, you add some more of a cost maybe. But I don't think not much point difference, right. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Christian Schwab from Craig-Hallum. Christian Schwab Congratulations on tthey continued extremely strong revenue growth outlook versus WFE. I'm wondering, number one, your thoughts, ttheyre's rumors in tthey marketplace that CXMT is going to do a large IPO who's theirtorically been a customer of yours that could bring in many billions of dollars. If that does occur, should we think of that as something very positive for you over time? David Wang Yeah, I think…  [Technical Difficulty] So we see ttheyre tthey continued growth. And obviously, ttheyy're also one of our major customer, and we have a product cleaning and all kinds of, I call it cleaning tool, and we evaluate also in production for CXMT. Plus, also copper plating including future we will bring even furnace and even PECVD down tthey road. So we see tthey CXMT one of tthey major driving force for future revenue. Christian Schwab And ttheyn as far as tthey total available market that you guys talked about getting to $1 billion worth of business just in Mainland China and ttheyn tthey rest of tthey world with upside. I mean, we've got our first evaluation tool in Europe that you've talked about and a local service team that's going in. You just announced that you have a local service team in Oregon, obviously, next to Intel, very large U.S. manufacturer. At what point -- what would you have to see to start including tthey rest of tthey world, which is 10x tthey size of China for long-term revenue objective? David Wang Yes. I think at ttheir moment, I still say, we're still major sales also from China, right, is clear right now. However, we do see our differentiated product, obviously, cleaning even parts of plating in tthey future, we believe our furnace and also PECVD were getting to tthey outside China actually working with tthey customer in Korea actively for tthey multiproduct and for rest of tthey world, including Taiwan, U.S. and also tthey Europe. And ttheir moment primarily is cleaning and we see also some people interest [Indiscernible] copper plating too. As tthey time moving on, and as I said, our penetrate more in tthey global market, and we'll see more of opportunity for people buying not only our megasonic cleaning or buy also rest of tthey cleaning tool and plus tthey copper plating tool, right? So I know tthey market grow outside Mainland China are still in tthey process in a way, but we think eventually, with our differentiated products, we should break through ottheyr major customers in tthey outside China. At tthey long run, I feel ACM targeting our half revenue come from Mainland China, half revenue come from outside Mainland China. And that's our strategic goal to grow ACM to be tthey major player in ttheir world market. Christian Schwab And ttheyn I think it was last conference call, ttheyre seems to be Applied Materials is talking about -- everybody is seeing strength in China, right, Applied Materials, you guys, Lam, anybody who's got a presence ttheyre is seeing tremendous strength. But I think tthey consumption and production closing of tthey gap, I think you mentioned -- I think it was last quarter that in tthey mature node/power, et cetera, that it would probably take at least 3 years to potentially close tthey gap. Did I remember that correctly? David Wang Yes. Obviously, we see that mature node  [Technical Difficulty] Mark McKechnie Operator, I think we lost David audio. David Wang I guess I was half way. Sorry. Maybe. Can you theyar me now? Mark McKechnie Yes. Yes, we can theyar you. Maybe start over, David, for Christian's question was about tthey gap of Chinese semiconductor production versus consumption. David Wang Yes. Okay. I see that tthey obvious demand for tthey mature nodes, 28 to 45, is -- ttheyre's still a gap between tthey consumption rate versus major or fabricated in China, right? That gap will gradually reduce as more fab buildup. And more importantly, I see that also ttheir electric vehicle driving more demand, new demand come out for tthey China market, right? We see that anottheyr new driving force for tthey 28, 45 and also tthey power devices. So that's probably 2 driving force, why is tthey new demand. Anottheyr one will reduce tthey gap between tthey production made in China versus tthey consumption rate. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Mark Miller from Benchmark. Mark Miller Just was wondering if you could give us an impression or what you're estimating. You had tthey sale tthey -- purchase order for tthey SAPS tools from Europe, you're setting up support for U.S. customer in Oregon. In terms of your sales projections for ttheir year, what percent do you think will come from outside of China? David Wang Well, Mark, it's very hard to give you precisely, right? And we're working very closely with a major customer. We also continue to increase our investment, right, in our sales and marketing team and service team outside Mainland China. I think we're still in tthey market exploration, I call tthey stage. I think we'll have to be -- get initial product qualify ttheyn get tthey repeat order, ttheyy get tthey modem order, right? Ttheyn you get maybe ottheyr new -- I mean ottheyr products getting into. So I still see that take time. And so looking out -- I think still will be next few years majority of still come from Mainland China market, but we see tthey market growth, including in Korea, U.S., Taiwan and Europe. At ttheir moment, very hard to give you percentage versus a year, right? It really depends on how we progressively or successfully our team make tthey sales and ttheyn service effort in outside Mainland China. Mark Miller A number of semi firms have done very well supplying EV manufacturers in China. I'm just wondering, you mentioned that it's an opportunity for you. I'm just wondering, could you also kind of give me an impression of what percent of sales ttheir year are kind of related to EV sales? David Wang I can't give you a precise number, but I can say we see a few production line is planning in tthey building process or in expanding process. And for ttheir real EV market, right, which is including power devices, analog and also tthey 28-nano aiming for ttheyir automotive market too. So it's a clear trend in tthey China fab, and ttheyy are very anxiously also ttheyy're try to getting prepared for growth for tthey EV market in China. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Donnie Teng from Nomura. Donnie Teng David, congrats on tthey strong first quarter results. First question is regarding to your product mix in tthey first quarter. So cleaning tool, tthey percentage of cleaning tool declined quite significantly year-on-year. So which means that cleaning tool progress is pretty strong. But previously, I think your target is like tthey wafer clean still accounted for a very big portion of ttheir year's sales, but tthey first quarter looks like it has been shrinking a lot. So are you changing your target ttheir year? And should we expect more wafer cleaning tools sales contribution significantly improve ttheir year? And how ttheir will have tthey impact to tthey gross margin? David Wang Yes. Well, actually, tthey first quarter, I look at our detailed product mixing, right? And like you said, our cleaning tool is lower than 70%, right, 65%. But I look at real forecast ttheir year, we think that 65% probably is not a whole year number. I still say probably our cleaning will stay probably 70% range. And ttheir year is still a major cleaning. Tthey reason I say that is we see ottheyr -- our auto bench growing pretty quickly. And also, ttheyre's also demand for single-wafer cleaning tool. So I should still say probably 70% is tthey whole year range. But obviously, I can say furnace start growing and I call tthey electroplating too. But that ratio, I think probably 70% is tthey right portion, not tthey 65%. Donnie Teng And just a follow-up. So for tthey ECP and furnaces et cetera tools. Are tthey major customers similar to tthey wafer cleaning tool or ttheyy are maybe different categories? David Wang Pretty much, I should say, obviously, copper plating is more like we are in a box, right, front end and back end. And actually copper plating we sell so far, 28-nano is major and people still buy 45, even some power devices also buy copper plating too. And so -- and for us also you can see our advanced packaging, right, all ttheir with copper plating. So we still see copper plating still continue to grow for tthey coming year and for tthey coming next year, right? It's just a growing market. And also plus we see tthey -- our furnace as being expanding customer and multiple customer right now. And so we'll see that it can be anottheyr driving for us for our non-cleaning product category. Donnie Teng Understood. And my second question is regarding to tthey customers, right? So for tthey leading NAND maker in China, are you still seeing ttheyy are expanding ttheyir capacity or ttheyy are now more like to do some more qualification on tthey domestic equipment production line and tthey incremental capacity expansion may be need to wait until all tthey domestic equipment maybe like small production line qualification being passed and to continue tthey expansion. And for tthey Hynix, recently, ttheyre is an industry report mentioned about that Hynix is considering to expand Wuxi fab to increase some legacy nodes capacity. So are you seeing any signs of Hynix going to expand tthey capacity in China again? David Wang We have not seen tthey sign, right? Obviously, you can see that DRAM market continue really suffer, right, pricing, whatever. We have not theyard anything about, like you said, Hynix expanding Wuxi fab at ttheir moment. Donnie Teng Okay. How -- on tthey NAND maker, tthey leading NAND maker in China? David Wang Well, because we're -- obviously, we have some delayed shipment, right, whatever reason ttheyy couldn't do expansion. In terms of wtheyn ttheyy can restart and ttheyy're expanding, we really don't know, right? It's really -- I mean, we don't know what tthey plan ttheir moment and ttheir moment obviously, ttheyy have tthey real field order missing puzzle and we don't know yet wtheyn ttheyy can finish that. Donnie Teng Understood. So just a follow-up. So for tthey strong first quarter sales and as well as shipment, who are tthey major drivers behind tthey strong sales? That's my last question. David Wang Okay. It's very hard to give you tthey precisely, right. Normally, we give tthey customer a percentage and I think yearly basis, right, Mark? We give tthey half year on a yearly basis. Mark McKechnie That's once a year at tthey end of tthey year. David Wang Once a year. Yes. It's hard to give you tthey quarter at ttheir moment. And obviously, as I said, it's -- I can see ttheir is still existing customer and also have tthey -- last year, we saw tthey new customers become mature and repeat orders, right? And some new customers, we're also facing a strong demand, but I cannot account revenue in Q1, right? That's one of tthey issues. We also see that. So that's a major ttheyre's still existing customers is a major contribution. Operator And our next question is a follow-up question from Mark Miller from Benchmark. Mark Miller I'm just wondering, what was stock-based compensation. Was it around $2 million during tthey quarter? Mark McKechnie Yes, Mark, it was -- it's $2.1 million for tthey quarter. Operator Ttheir does conclude tthey question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand tthey program back to David Wang for any furttheyr remarks. David Wang Okay. Thank you, operator, and thank you all for your participation on today's call and for your support. Before we close, Gary is going to mention our upcoming investor relations events. Gary, please? Gary Dvorchak Thanks, Dave. So on May 31, we'll present at tthey 20th Henryual Craig-Hallum Institutional Investor Conference in Minneapolis. Attendance at tthey conference is invitation-only for clients of Craig-Hallum. So please contact ttheym to register and request one-on-one meetings with us.  So ttheir concludes tthey call. You may all now disconnect. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect. Good day.