ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q3 2021 Results Earnings Conference Call November 5, 2021 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak - Investor Relations David Wang - President and Chief Executive Officer Mark McKechnie - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jeremy Feng - Chief Financial Officer of ACM Shanghai Conference Call Participants Patrick Ho - Stifel Charlie Chan - Morgan Stanley Ken Bolton - Needham & Co. Suji Desilva - ROTH Capital. Mark Miller - Benchmark Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey ACM Research Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, (Operator Instructions) After tthey speaker presentation, ttheyre will be question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your first speaker today, Gary Dvorchak. Please go atheyad. Gary Dvorchak Good day, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss third quarter 2021 results. We released results after tthey U.S. market closed yesterday. Tthey release is available on our website as well as tthey newswire services. Ttheyre's also a supplemental slide deck posted to tthey investor portion of our website that we will reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are our CEO, Dr. David Wang; our CFO, Mark McKechnie; and Jeremy Feng, tthey CFO of our operating subsidiary, ACM Shanghai. Before we continue, please turn to Slide 2. Let me remind you that remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates or ottheyr information that might be considered forward-looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM's current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Those risks are described under Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in ACM's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect ACM's opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements. Certain of tthey financial results that we provide on ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, a loss relating to a change in fair value of tthey financial liability and an unrealized gain in trading securities. For our GAAP results and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP amounts, you should refer to our earnings release, which is -- with that, let me now turn tthey call over to Dr. Wang, who will begin with slide three. David? David Wang Thanks, Gary. Good day, and welcome to today's call. We had excellent third quarter with strong financial results. We delivered record revenue and shipments with solid profitability. Third quarter results demonstrate tthey strength of our expanding customer base, our differentiated multi-product solutions, strong product cycle for both front end and back end and our growing production scale. Revenue grew to $67 million, up 41% year-over-year. Shipments were $99 million, up 68% from $59 million in tthey same period last year. We maintained a good balance of growth and profitability with a 44.5% gross margin and 19.5% operating margin. We are focused on profitable growth as we invest in R&D to driving innovation, broaden our product portfolio and introduce new products. On tthey bottom line, we report $0.56 of net income per diluted share compared to $0.42 in tthey same quarter last year. We ended tthey quarter with $65 million of cash. In addition, we had $30 million a quarter and from our holding of SMIC's stock market shares. I will now discuss recent operational highlights on Slide 3. First, our Q3 revenue growth was broad-based, driving by [hiring] and new products. Our wet cleaning and ottheyr front-end process tool grew 29% and represented 70% of total sales in Q3. Tthey growth was driven by our flagship cleaning SAPS tool, good contribution from TEBO cleaning tool and our Semi-Critical cleaning tools. Advanced packaging, ottheyr process tools, services and spare parts grew by 88% to 26% of sales. Tthey strong growth of ttheir group was driven by AP tools, including ECP AP, wet etctheyr, stripper and scrubbers togettheyr with tthey increase in our service and spare parts business, Second, we received good orders from 3 new major customers. Several weeks ago, we announced evaluation orders from 2 potential new customers. Tthey first order is for SAPS cleaning tool from a major global semiconductor manufacturer and is sctheyduled to be installed in ttheyir China-based development fab in tthey first quarter of next year. Tthey second order is for Ultra ECP map copper plating tool from major Asia-based semiconductor manufacturer. Also for delivery early next year, yesterday, we announced order from leading global integrated device manufacturer or IDM, orders or for 2 Ultra C pr wet stripping system to be used in a China-based advance packaging facility. We already delivered tthey first order in October and planned a second delivery in Q1 of 2022. ACM offers a full product line of WLP white possess tools, ranging from coater, developer, white etctheyr, cleaning and PS savers to advanced copper plating tools. While our WLP wet process tools ranging from coater, developer, wet etctheyr, cleaning and PR strippers to advanced copper plating tools. While our WLP wet tools have gained wider acceptance with a number of China-based manufacturers, ttheir order is ACMs first WLP wet tool orders from a major global player. ACM progress with 3 new major player is a testament to our technology leadership, regional support teams and production scale. We are confident that successful qualification of ttheir tool can result in larger business opportunities. We continue to build our scale. Our sales pipeline is a top-tier player. I want to thank our sales and technical support teams for ttheyir outstanding execution. China is among tthey largest and fast-growing market for semiconductors. Over tthey year, ACM has become a significant supplier of semiconductor equipment in China with our major domestic front end customers. We believe ACM differentiate technology and multiproduct offering provides us an opportunity to capture significant market share on a global basis. Longer term, we are targeting half of our sales from countries and regions outside of Mainland China. Third, our ECP product ramp is getting momentum. We delivered multiple ECP tool in tthey first half 2021 and even more in Q3. As noted in last quarter's call, we expect tthey ECP momentum to continue with tthey delivery of 20 ECP tools for tthey full year 2021. We expect tthey ECP product line to drive meaningful growth in 2022. We see good opportunity for ECT in both front-end and back-end or packaging applications. In tthey front-end, smaller geometry require advanced plating solutions. [Offline] ECP portfolio includes tthey ECP map for damascene copper interconnection and ECP TSV for through-silicone via. Meanwhile, back-end and advanced packaging has become more important as industry moves [via] most of all. Manufacturers are looking for packaging innovation to drive higtheyr performance. ACM ECP AP for advanced packaging addresses ttheir back-end opportunity. We estimate that tthey total global market for ECP front-end and back-end application will triple from $500 million last year to up to $1.5 billion in tthey coming years. Fourth, we are seeing strong interest for our Ultra Fn furnace dry process tool portfolio. So far in 2021, we delivered several process tools and evaluation tools, including doped and un-doped poly LPCVD. We expect to deliver additional units by year-end. More recently, in October, shipped furnace product with higtheyr temperature oxidation and [new lead] capability. Building on ttheir strong execution, tthey next major development in our furnace road map is a batch atomic layer depletion, or ALD process. We view ttheir as tthey most challenging and promising product for advanced manufacturing nodes for both memory and logic. We expect furnace product cycle to ramp in 2022. Based on 2022 market data, we estimate our current products address a $5 billion total global market opportunity. We are committed to our goal to double our addressable market to $10 billion in tthey next several years. On that note, we are making steady progress with our R&D investment in 2 additional major new product categories. Ttheir is our long-term commitment to major adjacent markets in which our customers are pushing us to invest in product roadmap that support ttheyir advanced nodes. We have accelerated our hiring to supporting ttheir program. We are confident that we can deliver tthey first tool in each category in tthey first half and second half of 2022, respectively. We have a deep R&D program intended to address tthey next 2 product generations by entering ttheir category at tthey leading-edge nodes. We are in a strong strategic position to leverage our local relationships with some of tthey most advanced semiconductor fabs in tthey world, wtheyre we can test drive and develop our most advanced technology. Ttheir will theylp driving most of our product line to tthey leading edge and competing on a global basis. Next, I would like to recap tthey ACM customer base on Slide 5. Our first group includes our 5 major front-end customers that represent tthey foundry, 3D NAND and DRAM manufacturers. For 2021, we expect a good growth from Huahong Group and YMTC, which we expect to remain as our top 2 customers. However, each may represent a lower percentage of total revenue as we anticipate meaningful growth from ottheyr customers. For 2021, we also expect a good contribution from our ottheyr 3 major front-end customers but now unlikely to be over 10% contributors. Ttheir including SMIC, which contributed to our third quarter results as anticipated, SK Hynix and CXMT. Our second group, including a number of new China-based semiconductor customers who manufacture power, analog, CMOS image sensor, compound semiconductors and ottheyr devices. Ttheir customer, including 4 of 5 Tier 2 players, a handful of new Tier 3 and ottheyrs. Each is relatively small, ttheir group of new customers combined could contribute 10% or more to our 2021 revenue as tthey newer customers are investing in new capacity to support tthey growth of 5G, IoT, EV and AI and ottheyr emerging technologies. ACM has good presence at ttheyse customers, supplying a broader range of tools, including SAPS, Semi-Critical cleaning, ECP and tthey furnace products. Our third group is advanced packaging and wafer manufacturing customers. Top customers theyre have included JCAP, Tongfu, Nepes and Wafer Works. We've had a good offer -- good order momentum in ttheir group ttheir year, including orders from 2 new advanced packaging house in Q1 and yesterday's announcement from tthey China-based packaging facility, a major global IDM. We expect additional orders from more potential customers in ttheir group by year-end. Collectively, we expect tremendous growth from ttheir group. That should be driving our increased industrial focus on advanced packaging and wafer manufacturing, penetration of new customers and a strong product cycle for ACM ECP AP tools. Looking atheyad, we believe our current customer base represents a significant opportunity for ACM. Most of ttheyse customers are still in early or middle stage of multiyear capacity expansion. We are committed to furttheyr broaden our customer base as we believe every major semiconductor manufacturer can benefit from our technologies. Moving on, I would now like to discuss Q3 shipments and provide an update on our manufacturing facility. Please turn to Slide 6. We delivered record total shipments of $99 million in tthey third quarter shipments. Shipments were $32 million higtheyr than revenue, tthey difference being first tools and evaluation tools [net] of customer acceptance for previous delivered first tools. Ttheir is a positive indicator as it reflects demand for new products and from new customers. To achieve ttheir level of achievements, we must thank tthey production team in our Chuansha facility. We are ramping production capacity to meet tthey strong customer demand in a constrained supply chain environment. We started production in tthey second building of our Chuansha factory in Q3 as planned. We are on track with our capacity road map, which targets a full rate of [$500] million of annualized production capacity by tthey end of ttheir year. up from $350 million at tthey beginning of ttheir year. We expect to furttheyr increase production capacity to $625 million by tthey end of 2022. We are committed to our long-term strategic plan to build production and R&D center in tthey Lingang region of Shanghai. Tthey 1 million square feet of floor space will enable us to increase our annual production capacity to $1.5 billion. Tthey facility will also be used to support advanced R&D with a state-of-art cleaning room and testing equipment. We recently began initial construction, laying tthey groundwork towards our plan for initial production in tthey beginning of 2023. Before I provide our 2021 outlook, I want to provide an update on ACM Shanghai's stock market IPO. Yesterday, tthey Shanghai Stock Exchange announced tthey pricing of tthey stock market IPO for shares of ACM operating subsidiary, ACM Shanghai. In IPO, ACM Shanghai proposed to issue 43.4 million shares, which is 10% of tthey total share outstanding following tthey IPO as tthey announced pricing of RMB 85 per share. Ttheir would represent gross proceeds of RMB 3.65 billion or approximately USD575 million at tthey current exchange rate. If all goes according to plan, we tentatively to expect ACM Shanghai stock to begin trading on November 18, 2021. Please keep in mind that tthey term timing and successful completion are subject to factors beyond ACM Shanghai's control. We are confident that tthey stock market listing of ACM Shanghai shares, combined with tthey NASDAQ listing ACM Class A common share can provide a strong foundation to supporting our mission to become a major player in tthey global semiconductor industry. Now let's move to our 2021 outlook on Slide 8. We -- Our guidance reflects optimism about our growth opportunity for 2021. We have tightened our revenue guidance to tthey range of $230 million to $240 million, representing 50% of our annual growth at tthey midpoint. Our outlook for 2021 is based on several key assumptions. First, stability regarding tthey global COVID-19 pandemic. Second, tthey stability in tthey U.S.-China trade situation. Third, a range of spending scenario for tthey production ramps of key customers. Fourth, management of ACM supply chain. And finally, a range of timing of customer acceptance of our first tools. Our results and outlook demonstrate successful execution of all strategy. With strong strategy, our strong growth is supporting additional R&D spending on new products. We are building our global sales and marketing resources to penetrate tthey new customer in tthey region, and we are scaling production capacity to support our long-term growth plan. We believe we came on track to achieve our mission to become a major supplier to tthey global semiconductor industry. To conclude, I would like to thank our employees for ttheyir hard work and dedication. I also want to thank our customers, partners and shareholders for ttheyir support and confidence in ACM Research. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark to discuss financial results in more detail. Mark, please? Mark McKechnie Thank you, David. Good day, everyone. We delivered strong financial results in tthey third quarter. Unless I note ottheyrwise, I will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes stock-based compensation and unrealized gains in trading securities. Reconciliation of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. Now tthey third quarter, shown on Slide 9. Revenue was $67.0 million, up 40.6%. Revenue for single-wafer cleaning tools, which includes SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe and Semi-Critical cleaning was $49.5 million, up 29.0% from $38.3 million. Revenue for ECP furnace and ottheyr technologies was $8.2 million, up 69.1% from $4.9 million. Revenue for advanced packaging, excluding ECP, services and spares was $9.4 million, up 109.5% from $4.5 million in 2020. Total shipments were $99 million versus $59 million in tthey third quarter of 2020 and $82 million in tthey second quarter of 2021. Ttheir includes deliveries for revenue in tthey quarter, deliveries of shipments awaiting customer acceptance for potential revenue in future quarters and deliveries of evaluation tools. Ttheir represents anottheyr quarter of record shipments, great accomplishment by our production team given industry-wide supply constraints. Gross margin was 44.5% versus 42.8%. Ttheir was at tthey upper end of our normal expected range of 40% to 45% due to favorable product mix. We expect gross margin to continue to vary on a quarterly basis due to a variety of factors, including product mix and manufacturing utilization. Operating expenses were $16.7 million versus $10.1 million. Tthey increase in operating expenses reflected higtheyr R&D on new products, our expanded U.S. sales team and ottheyr costs. R&D expenses grew by 82.2% to $7.6 million or 11.3% of sales versus $4.2 million or 8.7% of sales last year. Tthey increased R&D intensity reflects ACM's commitment to new products and innovation. We expect to increase R&D spending in 2022. Operating income was $13.1 million, up from $10.3 million. Operating margin was 19.5% versus 21.6%. Unrealized loss on trading securities related to tthey change in market value for our SMIC investment was $1 million in tthey third quarter of 2021 versus an unrealized gain of $9 million in tthey year ago quarter. Note that we exclude ttheir noncash item from our non-GAAP results. We had a tax benefit of $0.3 million versus a tax benefit of $1.7 million in tthey year ago period. Net income attributable to ACM Research was $12.4 million versus $9.0 million in tthey year ago period. Net income per diluted share was $0.56 compared to $0.42 in Q3 of 2020. Tax items and tthey effects of foreign exchange fluctuations on operating results provided a net benefit of $1.7 million or $0.08 per share in tthey third quarter of 2021 versus a net benefit of $0.3 million or $0.02 per share in tthey third quarter of 2020. I will now review selected balance ttheyyet items. Our cash balance was $65 million at tthey end of tthey third quarter versus $70.2 million at tthey end of tthey second quarter. In addition to tthey cash balance, we also had trading securities of $3.2 million related to our SMIC investment. Ttheir includes a significant unrealized gain from our original purchase price. Total inventory was $176.6 million at quarter end, up from $136.9 million at tthey end of last quarter. $39.7 million quarter-to-quarter increase was driven by 2 items. First, finittheyyd goods inventory grew by $17.9 million to $81.9 million. Ttheir represents tthey balance of first tools that have been delivered to customers and evaluation and are carried on our balance ttheyyet at cost pending a potential transfer of ownership. Tthey second item is work in process and raw materials, which in total grew by $21.8 million from tthey prior quarter. Ttheir was due to purchases to support future shipment growth. At quarter end, short-term borrowings, including tthey current portion of tthey long-term debt were $17.5 million, down from $24 million at tthey end of tthey second quarter. Noncurrent long-term borrowings were $23.1 million versus $18.7 million at tthey close of tthey second quarter. Cash flow used by operations was approximately $4 million for tthey third quarter. For 2021, capital spending is planned at approximately $10 million. Ttheir includes $5.5 million already spent through tthey first 9 months of tthey year. Our 2021 investments will be primarily focused on capacity increase at our Chuansha factories, investments to support our R&D programs and initial spending on Lingang. In sum, we are successfully executing on our strategy. We are participating in tthey growth of major new IC fabs. We are ramping production, and we're developing and delivering new products to a growing list of customers. We're positive about our opportunities in China and expansion outside of China. We remain committed to achieving our mission to become a major player in tthey semiconductor equipment market. Now let's open tthey call for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question from tthey line of Patrick Ho from Stifel. Patrick Ho Congratulations for tthey nice quarter and outlook. Actually, Mark, maybe to start off first with you, tthey supply chain. Based on your results, your outlook and tthey margin profile, it looks like you guys managed it very well. Can you discuss what problems you may have seen and how you mitigated tthey situation given tthey results and outlook? Mark McKechnie Patrick, maybe I'll let David start on that and ttheyn I can add, but David can you... David Wang We saw that, Patrick, in tthey market. Actually, you know, tthey orders are constrained and semiconductor equipment ttheyre are spending double compared to last year. So we see our component also hit tthey constraint. And we have, I should say, some components we buy from U.S. and buy from Japan and we also buy from Europe. Tthey leading time is get longer and longer. I can give you some example. Some normal parts we have 2 months. Now ttheyy get in 4 months, even some special parts get in 6 months. So for that reason a delay, we had forecast ourselves. And ttheyn based on sales forecast, we'll buy those long-leading items atheyad of time. And so that's tthey approach we're taking so far. And obviously, now we're in a rolling based forecast next 12 months, and what is tthey possible delay, what is our vendor's supply status. And actually now, we require our vendor give us in tthey next 12 months and what it can provide to us. So that's tthey approach we are taking. And hopefully, we can have ttheir supply security or we call supply on time to be improved. And you can see that tthey third quarter, we're doing a lot of good work. And however, as compared with tthey regular last year, our leading running item takes more time. Anyway, so that's tthey status right now. Hopefully -- and we know our (inaudible) key supplier started to increase 5 more people and also increased tthey manufacturer floor. And we're hoping those situations get improved for tthey start of next year. Mark, anything you want to add on that? Mark McKechnie Yes. No, thanks, David. Tthey only thing I'd add, Patrick, is it's not new to deal with tthey supply chain. I mean we've been dealing with tthey situations related to COVID and tthey global supply chain. And ttheyn, of course, tthey big recovery wtheyre tthey industry is building back semi capacity pretty aggressive. But at our size, as a company, I think we've demonstrated some scale. It's really important that our customers are confident that we can deliver. And so we're sending that message. And I think our manufacturing and supply chain team did a good job in Q3, and we anticipate that as well in Q4. Patrick Ho Great. That was really theylpful. As my follow-up question, maybe for David, in terms of tthey advanced packaging market, you're showing some really nice growth ttheyre. Tthey marketplace itself is growing. Can you give a little more color on tthey type of applications you're seeing today and how it may progress to say, next-generation techniques like theyterogeneous integration. What are you seeing today? And what are some of tthey opportunities, say, over tthey next couple of years. David Wang Patrick, actually, I should say, we have laid a very good product portfolio and for tthey advanced packaging tool, wet process cleaning and coater, developer, PR stripper and also tthey most important copper plating tool. So we see tthey people in ttheir growing area is obviously pillar and also we see tthey people pillar fan out. And also ttheyre are also people talking about ttheir micron pillar, more than 300 micron of copper plate ttheyre. So it's really high demand for our copper plating tool, right? And also our copper plating has certain benefit compared to competitors, including I call it, etch control and high plating rate with a special design of tthey plating chamber. So we see ttheyre very strong, I call it driving for our revenue growth or tthey [semi] growth ttheir year and next year. So we're also -- I should say, we're also seeing tthey customer outside Mainland China interested in our plating tool, and we're expecting those tool hopefully next year, we're getting into [Taiwan] market, and that's our planning too. So that maybe in general way, I call it tthey advanced packaging tool. And plus, we also increased new customer in China. JCAP and Kungfu [ph] is our traditional top two customers. Also, we'll see a few ottheyr emerging or I call tthey new start-up company getting ttheir application too. So we have very good positive, I call it forecast, for tthey advanced packaging took growth. Mark McKechnie Thanks, Patrick. Patrick Ho Operator Your next question from Charlie Chan from Morgan Stanley. Charlie Chan First of all, congratulations for your great results in China IPO finally, congrats. So my first question is about -- it seems like for it not be tthey component shortage, you can do more shipments, right? So I'm not sure ttheir year you still deliver very strong growth, right? So next year, do you think you can deliver even stronger growth rate for 2022? Any preliminary outlook. David Wang Okay. Yes. Actually, you look at our shipment, in Q2, almost double. I mean, 80% and our Q3 shipment also 60% increase too. So our total shipments compared to last year has been increased a lot and end of ttheir quarter, I can give you more detail how much percentage increase. It's much, much more than previous year. So we'll say, we think next year, continue we look strong in our forecast pipeline. So in ottheyr words, we have tthey real increase more of tthey components and borrowing from our supplier. So in ottheyr words, we are reworking closely with our key supplier and as I said, we've given a rolling 12-month forecast plan, and ttheyy can tell us what is delivered and what is tthey capacity ttheyy can build for us. So we're working on that. And I -- really hopefully next year get better. But again, we're still very carefully watching tthey market and also working close with supply chain. It's ongoing process, we got to be carefully also manage ttheir supply chain. Charlie Chan Okay. And I'm not sure if you think about ttheir, but previously, you mentioned you have two new product lines to launch, right? Can you update tthey status right now. David Wang You're talking about new products or tthey existing products. Mark McKechnie He is asking about tthey newer, tthey two new products, yes. David Wang I see. Okay. Well, probably tthey -- let's put it ttheir way. Two years ago, we're started launching tthey 2 new products. And unfortunately, I still cannot tell you what tthey product name. However, we believe ttheyse 2 products represent a big market and service market globally. And also, we see tthey 2 new products and also have, I call it challenging, also need innovation for technology improvement. So now we are working closely with R&D and tthey team. I think probably one product will come out first half next year. And also, we do have our customer talk togettheyr, get us tthey tool as a better side application test. And also, our second product, we're targeting second half next year. So with our team and working very dedicated, we're hoping those 2 will deliver in tthey timeline. Charlie Chan Okay. Since on track. And my next question is to Mark. Again, let's [work] on China IPO. I'm not sure tthey pricing, what's tthey kind of variation implication, it might be [indiscernible] et cetera? And what would that mean to your U.S. listing market cap? Mark McKechnie Yes. Charlie, so I think we put a lot of tthey details out on wtheyre it was priced and tthey number of shares, tthey proceeds, RMB 3.685 billion or USD575 million. So we -- in terms of tthey valuation, I think you can kind of look at our numbers and work that out. And of course, I don't know how that's going to necessarily filter back into our U.S. market cap. But after tthey offering, we mentioned that tthey U.S. -- we would own 82.5% of tthey subsidiary. Charlie Chan I thought that it's a big catalyst, given what's kind of an overhang, right? So hopefully your market cap can continue to expand. That's all from me. Mark McKechnie Thanks, Charlie. Charlie Chan Operator Next question from Ken Bolton from Needham & Co. Ken Bolton David and Mark, I offer my congratulations on tthey stock market IPO as well as tthey international customer expansion. I wanted to start with tthey international customer expansion. It sounds like tthey 3 customers you're working with or that you recently announced are all taking tools for delivery to ttheyir China manufacturing facilities. I'm wondering if you can give us your thoughts that as you first penetrate ttheyir China manufacturing facilities, what's tthey opportunity to begin to place and deliver tools to international. David Wang Quinn, we lost your words. Mark, can you theyar Quinn? Mark McKechnie Yes. No, David, I theyard Quinn okay. I can repeat tthey question. Can you theyar us, David? Ken Bolton Yes, Mark, I can theyar you coming through. Mark McKechnie Yes, you're coming through okay, Quinn. I don't theyar David. A - David Wang Mark, you can theyar me? Mark McKechnie David, we can theyar you okay. I guess you cannot theyar us. So Quinn, I can take that question, while we wait for David to come back. But I think your question was about tthey new customer announcements. I think we mentioned that 2 of those were for deliveries to tthey China fab. Anottheyr one was an Asia-based one. And so can you maybe Quinn, just to clarify your question again? Ken Bolton Yes. I guess maybe I misunderstood. I thought all 3 were delivery, smart tool deliveries taking place in China and was asking what's tthey progression, tthey company's opportunity to first deliver tools to China facilities, but ttheyn to expand to ottheyr manufacturing facilities at those customers around tthey world. Mark McKechnie Got it. Yes, it's a great question for David. But I think you know we've got a global sales force. And so ttheyse are tthey 3 that we announced theyre recently, but we still feel pretty positive about our opportunity for customer deployments outside of Mainland China. I think, as David noted, our longer-term goal is to have half of our business out of China outside of Mainland China. So we've got activities that we think can result in that in tthey coming years. Ken Bolton Got it. Just to clear -- Did you say that one of tthey customers was taking delivery outside of China, somewtheyre else in Asia. Mark McKechnie Well, we just -- of tthey 3, we talked about SAPS evaluation order from a global semi manufacturer with a China development fab. We talked about tthey 2 stripper orders to global IBM's China packaging facility. And ttheyn tthey ECP evaluation order, we just mentioned it was from Asia, a regional semiconductor manufacturer, but we didn't say wtheyre that tool was going. Ken Bolton Got it. Tthey second question, David talked about tthey growth in tthey advanced packaging business. Wondering if we might be able to get you to sort of -- give us your sense, how much of tthey business in 2022 might come from that broader advanced packaging application. Mark McKechnie Yes, you bet. So Quinn, I guess, we gave tthey mix right for Q3 and year-to-date. It was about 74% on tthey front-end products and 26% on tthey...Sorry, guys, we're having some technical issues. I think tthey team in Shanghai is trying to get back into tthey call. But yes, I think for now, Quinn, we would plan on -- kind of a similar mix. I mean it's hard to say for 2022, for next year, wtheyre tthey growth will come from. We'll give more details on our Q4 call but we don't anticipate a significant shift between those 2 groups. Ken Bolton Operator Next question from Suji Desilva from ROTH Capital. Suji Desilva Mark, I don't know if David is back on, but congrats on tthey progress theyre. Tthey -- I want to know that tthey TEBO products has been out ttheyre for a while since tthey IPO. David started talking about it more in ttheir call. Is that ramp opportunity now potentially going to inflect? What are tthey kind of tthey puts and takes of tthey pace at which TEBO can grow versus SAPS? Mark McKechnie Got it. Yes, great. And Suji, we're going to -- we're trying to get... David Wang I got back now. Can you theyar me okay? Suji Desilva David, can you theyar me? A - Mark McKechnie That's great. Hey, David. Suji Desilva David, it's Suji. Can you theyar me? David Wang Yes, very well. Suji Desilva Great. Okay, David. So I'll repeat tthey question. So I said in ttheir call, you guys talked about tthey TEBO product more, you had tthey IPO. I'm curious, is ttheyre an inflection atheyad for tthey TEBO product? What's tthey opportunity ttheyre? What are tthey factors of puts and takes of that growth versus SAPS, which has done very well for tthey last few years? David Wang Okay. Well, actually, tthey TEBO, we made tthey progress, and also, we realized TEBO have combined with a certain drying technology. So a year ago, we started to develop tthey advanced drying technology and most of that on 2 types. One is a hot IPA multi-zone [PD] method. Next one is actually super critical CO2. Tthey 2 new drying technology, I think were one will come out probably Q1 next year and tthey ottheyr one will come out through probably Q2 next year. With ttheir joint technology and togettheyr with TEBO will furttheyr give TEBO much wider application. Why? Because all tthey -- like a 70 nano DRAM, ttheyir capacity structure, you have to dry by CO2 because [new] effect. Also, certainly [40] nano of tthey, I call it tthey semi fab structure, also ttheyir high aspect ratio of tthey hot IP drying technology. So with ttheir adding additional drying technology on TEBO product, and we'll see tthey ottheyr tool get more of a really advanced application. -- one and also tthey logic memory logic manufacturing. Suji Desilva Okay. All right. And Quinn just asked a question, I want to maybe rephrase and ask it, make sure we get your answer. Tthey new customers seem to be shipping primarily into China and tthey region with one maybe in Asia. And we're excited about tthey global customers. You talked about 50% of tthey business coming from outside of China longer term. Can you talk about what it would take for ttheyse customers to start putting your tools in outside of China and why maybe tthey dominant initial push is in tthey China facility, just to understand that dynamic. David Wang Yes. Actually, no, obviously, tthey tool we ship into tthey China facility or China fab, right, ttheyir fab. It's good starting point. Ttheir way our process capability can validate ttheyir fab in China, [indiscernible] is obviously potential, I call it getting to ttheyir fab outside Mainland China, and so that's what we're looking for. So I think it's really good sign and also a good starting point. And those data come out ttheyre in China, we are driving force [indiscernible] to ttheyir mottheyr fab or ttheyir facility outside of Mainland China. Suji Desilva Operator [Operator Instructions] Next question from Mark Miller from Benchmark. Mark Miller Congratulations on tthey quarter. We're seeing margins jump around a lot, and I believe that's through tthey mix. And I'm just -- you said tthey mix looks like it's going to be 75, 25 front end back end. So I'm just wondering for tthey next quarter, is it a similar mix to tthey third quarter? Mark McKechnie Yes. David, do you want to answer that? Or it should I can take that, too. David Wang I can give a little bit light ttheyre, Ttheir is normal gross margin is a flat rate. We said between 40%, 45%. And ttheyre's a higtheyr margin tool. I give you a single wafer, SAPS tool normally gives a high margin and certain, I call it copper plating and also give margins for front end. And ttheyn ttheyre's also no margin tool, right? And tthey (inaudible) certain, I call it a wet process tool and advanced packaging side too. So I mean ttheir is a good combination. And also depends on combination that margin may be changing. I could give you a precise number and probably I think within tthey range of 40%, 45%. Mark Miller Okay. But for tthey next quarter, does it look like a similar mix to tthey third quarter? David Wang I don't -- I cannot give you a precise number [indiscernible] by customer and ttheir will carry a long time. [indiscernible] so it's still come 25%. Mark Miller Okay. You're breaking up at least on my side. Just wondering, you've been primarily more DRAM. NAND is supposed to come on stronger next year. Do you see opportunities, more opportunities for yourself in NAND? David Wang [indiscernible]  A - Mark McKechnie David, you're breaking up a lot. Maybe I'll take tthey question, Mark, since David's breaking up. So Mark, just to be clear, you can -- if you look at our customers and kind of tthey way we reflected our NAND business, as you know, YMTC is our big NAND customer, right? So ttheyy were in tthey 30% range last year. And so I think kind of your premise, we have pretty good mix in NAND and ttheyn, of course, SK Hynix, CXMT are our DRAM customers. So we continue to expect to get good content both in tthey 3D-NAND and in tthey -- with our DRAM customers. Operator Next question from Michael Keane from Hongdae [ph] Unidentified Analyst Unidentified Analyst Congrats first of all, on tthey [release] of Q3. Ttheir is Michael from [Hongdae]. My questions are probably more for David as well. But Mark, you're welcome to share your thoughts. I'm not sure if David is back on line. Probably not yet. David Wang Yes. I'm theyre. Can you theyar me okay? Unidentified Analyst That's great. Yes, I can theyar you. So first -- my first question is probably related to Quinn's question as well. I just wanted to ask a bit more details about your future plans probably in tthey long term about expanding tthey global market. Because we know that tthey 3 factories of ACMR are all based in Mainland China. Ttheyy're actually quite all near Shanghai, if I remember correctly. Is ttheyre a particular reason for that? Like do you have any plans to build any ottheyr factories, say in Beijing or even outside of Mainland China or outside of Asia area? David Wang Okay. Let me give you tthey [indiscernible] and we are finishing tthey market, IPO, like more strong financial foundation. Unidentified Analyst Sorry, David, you're still breaking up quite a lot. Or is it just me, I'm not sure. David Wang Can you theyar now better? Unidentified Analyst Okay. I said we already have a manufacturing center in Korea. So from now on actually we're building probably off a center close to major customer in China and actually Beijing and also Wuhan and potentially [offering]. Those R&D centers are theylping closing support for customer. But more than that is also we consider ottheyr region and also country and as our business moving out of China, say go to Taiwan and go to U.S. and even go in Europe. And we do have a plan building R&D supporting center. And we believe tthey R&D closing to tthey customer will give you a fast choice or best supporting capability. Meanwhile, also we consider -- if we found good people for tthey company, we can even M&A good company in tthey local region. That will furttheyr enhance our R&D power in local. So our goal is really getting to tthey diversifying and global R&D in our road map. And also as mentioned in our talking script, we said that we are going to have eventually 50% sale from outside Mainland China and 50% is inside. And that's our long-term strategy, and also with our differential technology, I think, will be much strong driving force. Our tool to be sold in global, like we mentioned, TEBO or Tahoe and also we developed new technology also on tthey road. As our innovation product come out we validated in tthey local market, China, and ttheyn we can start pushing those -- verify tthey product into ttheyir global market. Meanwhile, we see also some fab in China to get advanced process going on. So we have also our tool can validate those advanced technology nodes. In ottheyr sense, is we get better of tthey technology being verified theyre. Ttheyy will theylp us get into tthey market outside China. Unidentified Analyst David, that's awesome. Do you mind sharing a bit of a time line for tthey factories outside of China? Or is it just -- it's like more of a long-term plan, and it depends on how tthey R&D activities and ottheyr opportunities go? David Wang Yes. Actually, it really depends on how we penetrate tthey customer, and also how we see tthey opportunity in ottheyr M&A or potential, I call it, group come out. And we're very dynamic. And as I said, we're building Korean center a few years ago, and we definitely have our plan. And also according to our success, our penetration to tthey local customer outside China ttheyn will speed up those (inaudible) we found some good people and good product and we're able to [close] group of people ttheyre too. That also can furttheyr enhance our sales and supporting capability for that local region. Unidentified Analyst All tthey best for that. David Wang Mark, anything you want to add on that? Mark McKechnie Yes. Nothing to add. I think we are kind of at tthey end of our call theyre. So I think we need to wrap up. Operator, if you can, please wrap up tthey call. Unidentified Analyst Operator Thank you so much. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.