ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Yujia Zhai - Investor Relations, Tthey Blueshirt Group David Wang - Chief Executive Officer Mark McKechnie - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company Suji Desilva - ROTH Capital Christian Schwab - Craig-Hallum Capital Chaolien Tseng - Credit Suisse Mark Miller - Tthey Benchmark Company Robert McKay - Blue Lotus Operator Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey ACM Research Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. As ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Yujia Zhai, Managing Director of Tthey Blueshirt Group. Please go atheyad. Yujia Zhai Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss second quarter 2023 results. We released results before tthey U.S. market opened today. Tthey release is available on our website as well as from newswire services. Ttheyre's also a supplemental slide deck posted to tthey investor portion of our website that we will reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are our CEO, Dr. David Wang; our CFO, Mark McKechnie; and Andrew Feng, tthey CFO of our operating subsidiary, ACM Shanghai. Before we continue, please turn to Slide 2. Let me remind you that remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates and ottheyr information that might be considered forward looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM's current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Those risks are described under tthey risk factors and elsewtheyre in ACM's filings with tthey SEC. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect ACM's opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements. Certain of tthey financial results that we provide on ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation and unrealized gain or loss in trading securities. For our GAAP results and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP amounts, you should refer to our earnings release, which is posted on tthey IR section of our website in Slide 12. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to David Wang, who will begin with Slide 3. David? David Wang Thanks, Yujia. Hello, everyone, and welcome to ACM's second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Please turn to Slide 3. For second quarter, revenue was $144.6 million, up 39% from tthey same quarter last year. Shipments were $153 million, up 37% from tthey same quarter last year. Gross margin was 47.6%, and operating margin was 22.4%. We achieved record revenue and EPS, as our operating and industrial supply chain largely returned to a new normal following several years of COVID-related disruption. Ttheyse results were driven by strong mature node [indiscernible] by our China customer, market share gain and penetration of a new product, a new customer. Let me touch on each of ttheir, beginning with mature node investment in China. Last year, following U.S.-China trade restriction, some industrial analysts predicted China's WFE market will be declined dramatically. At that time, we predict a fairly quicker shift to spending on mature nodes in China. After expected pause, as industry adjusted to tthey new export regulations, our prediction appear to be playing out as we are now seeing broader sign that China has indeed sped up its capacity expansion in mature nodes. Ttheir is driven by tthey substantial gap between China's mature nodes capacity and market consumption. We see continued investment in 28 nano and 45 nano and above front-end fab capacity. We also see tthey ramp up EV production in China as a driver of China-based investment in both power devices and ottheyr 28 and 45 nano devices. Ttheir creates a good tailwind for us that we believe is still in tthey early stage, as China intensify effort to boost its domestic semiconductor capacities -- capabilities. We believe we are well positioned to benefit and furttheyr increase our market share due to our strong market position, leading differentiated technology, and broad multi-product portfolio. Moving to product, please turn to Slide 4. Single wafer cleaning, Tahoe and semi-critical cleaning grew 55%. In tthey last few years, we introduced and began ramping our semi-critical product line, including auto bench. And ttheyn, last year, we introduced Bevel Etch and high-temperature SPM tools. Over past quarter, we introduced supercritical CO2 dry. Now, ACM has one of tthey broadest cleaning product portfolio in tthey industry, covering nearly 90% of all cleaning process step. We believe ttheir product portfolio will play a key role among mature nodes, development in China and advanced nodes in our international effort going forward. ECP, furnace and ottheyr technologies declined 7% due to quarterly fluctuation. However, for tthey first six months of 2023, ECP, furnace and ottheyr technologies grew 40% year-over-year. Growth in ttheir category was driven primarily by ECP product cycle with some contribution from furnace. Our higtheyr temperature anneal and LPCVD furnace, including silicon nitride and poly and ARD have expanded to multiple customers and are under evaluation. Advanced packaging, excluding ECP, service and spares grew 14% in Q2 and 58% [year-over-date] (ph). Ttheir category includes a range of our packaging tools, including coater, developer, scrubber, PR stripper, and wet etctheyr, and service and spare parts. ACM is tthey only company that offers both of full set of wet tools and advanced plating tool. We believe advanced packaging will become more important as industrial looks for packaging innovations such as 2.5D, 3D [and furttheyr] (ph) and fan out to drive tthey higtheyr performance for new applications such as AI and GPT. Finishing up on products, we continue to make good progress on sales efforts with our new Track and PECVD platform. We're in active discussion with our key customer, and we are planning to deliver more evaluation tools ttheir year. Similar to our cleaning, plating and furnace product line, our Track and PECVD platform have a proprietary technology that we believe we're making ttheym winner with major customer both in China and outside China. Moving on to tthey customer, please turn to Slide 5. We continue to make progress on customer both inside China and internationally. In China, we believe ACM tools are now used by nearly all of tthey semiconductor manufacturers. Our sales and service team are working to expand tthey deployment of each of our major product line across our growing customer base. In addition to our current customer, we're also seeing a good number of well-funded new entrants. Our team has done a good job of getting good traction for our product with ttheyse customers. Ttheir, our new customer, [indiscernible] be reflecting our shipment ttheir year until customer acceptance at a later date. Also, as some of you may have theyard, on July 21, 2023, Hua Hong Semiconductor, a greater strategic customer, announced ttheyir pricing of its Shanghai STAR Market IPO and expected to start trading soon. Tthey total proceeds were RMB21.2 billion or approximately $3 billion. In tthey U.S., evaluation at our key customer is progressing well, and we remain optimistic for qualification later ttheir year. In Europe, we announced an order for our first evaluation tool from a major semiconductor manufacturer in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. Tthey tool is planned to -- for deliver in early Q4, and we are beginning to build a local service team to support effort. To support our growing initiatives, we continue making progress on our facility expansion in China and ottheyr regions. Please turn to Slide 6. In China, construction of Lingang Production and R&D center is nearly completed and expected to begin initial production later ttheir year. In Korea, as noted in prior call, we have increased our commitment in ttheir region. We believe a strong commitment to Korea will improve our relationship with our key customer SK hynix and ottheyrs. In Q1 of ttheir year, we completed tthey purchasing of a land in a high-tech area outside Zhangjiang as a site for new R&D and Production center. In tthey U.S., as noted last quarter, we leased a facility in Oregon to add to our service support and tthey demonstration capability for R&D and custom activities in tthey region. As a reminder, for 2023, we expect to spend about $100 million in CapEx. Ttheir includes continued investment in Lingang facility, remodeling for new theyadquarters for ACM Shanghai, and our ottheyr investment in Korea and tthey U.S. I will now provide our outlook for tthey full year 2023, please turn to Slide 9. We reaffirm our 2023 revenue outlook to be in tthey range of $515 million to $585 million. Tthey range of outlook reflects, among ottheyr things, management's current assessment of tthey continuing impact from tthey international trade policy, togettheyr with tthey [indiscernible], expect spending scenario of a key customer, supply chain constraint, and tthey timing of acceptance for tthey first two evaluations in tthey field. Now let me turn tthey call over to our CFO, Mark, who will review details of our second quarter results. Mark, please. Mark McKechnie Thank you, David. Good day, everyone. Please turn to Slide 10. Unless I note ottheyrwise, I will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude stock-based compensation and unrealized loss on trading securities. Reconciliation of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. Also, unless ottheyrwise noted, tthey following figures refer to tthey second quarter of 2023 comparisons are with tthey second quarter of 2022. I'll now provide financial highlights for tthey second quarter. Revenue was $144.6 million, up 38.5%. Total shipments were $153.4 million, up 37%. Revenue for single wafer cleaning tools and semi-critical cleaning was $112.5 million, up 55%. Revenue for ECP, furnace and ottheyr technologies was $19.1 million, down 6.7%. For tthey first six months of 2023, ttheir category grew by 39.6% versus tthey prior-year period. Revenue for advanced packaging, excluding ECP, services and spares was $12.9 million, up 14.3%. Gross margin was 47.6%, up from 42.4%. Ttheir exceeded our normal expected range of 40% to 45%. Tthey increase in gross margin was primarily due to a favorable product mix, improved gross margins for specific product lines, and a favorable impact from fluctuations in tthey renminbi to U.S. dollar exchange rate. We expect gross margin to continue to vary from period to period due to a variety of factors, such as sales volume, product mix and currency impacts. Operating expenses were $36.3 million, up from $22.3 million. Tthey increase was due to higtheyr R&D, sales and marketing and G&A costs in support of our new customer and new product activities and a boost in tthey post-COVID travel. Operating income was $32.4 million, up from $22.0 million. Operating margin was 22.4%, up from 21.1%. We recorded a realized gain of $3.9 million from tthey sale of trading securities for tthey quarter. Recall that realized gains are included in tthey non-GAAP earnings. Income tax expense was $7.6 million, down from $7.7 million. Recall that as a result of tthey change in Section 174 of tthey U.S. Internal Revenue Code, our effective tax does remain elevated primarily due to tthey requirement to capitalize and amortize previously deductible research and experimental expenses. Net income attributable to ACM Research was $31.3 million, up from $14.6 million. Net income per diluted share was $0.48, up from $0.22. Now, I'll review some selected balance ttheyyet items. Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and time deposits were $376.1 million at tthey end of tthey second quarter versus $381.7 million at tthey end of tthey first quarter. Total inventory was $471.1 million at tthey end of tthey second quarter, generally flat versus tthey end of tthey first quarter. Capital expenses for tthey second quarter were about $6.7 million. I'll now provide an update on our auditor. On July 21, 2023, Armanino informed us that it will resign as our independent auditor, effective as tthey earlier of, a, wtheyn we engage a new auditor or, b, tthey filing of ttheir year's third quarter 10-Q report. Ttheyy advised us ttheir was due to ttheyir decision to exit from tthey practice of providing financial statement audit services to all public companies. As a result, our audit committee has begun tthey process to select and appoint a new auditor. We filed an 8-K with tthey full details on July 27, 2023. And I would note that we've also seen a number of similar filings from ottheyr Armanino clients. Regarding tthey search for a new auditor, we are considering several options including U.S. and China-based auditors. That concludes our prepared remarks. Now, let's open tthey call for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company. Your line is open. Quinn Bolton Hey, guys. Congratulations on tthey very strong second quarter results. I guess kind of big picture question for tthey second half of tthey year, I know you're not increasing your 2023 guidance, but since you're not increasing tthey guidance, it looks like revenues may flatten out or at least grow at a much, much slower rate in tthey second half. How are you thinking about tthey second half? Was tthey second quarter really that sort of COVID supply chain catch up and you see more normalization now? Or just any thoughts you could share on tthey second half, or tthey shape of revenue in tthey second half would be theylpful. David Wang Yes, okay, Quinn. In general, actually, looking at tthey last couple of years, our second half year was stronger than ttheyir first year -- I mean, first half year, right? I think that trend will probably continue. And regarding to tthey supply chain, I should say, it's much better than last year, but still feel some components get constrained. I'm thinking maybe second half of ttheir year, that will improve furttheyr and -- for supply chain. Mark, anything you want to add on? Mark McKechnie Yes, you bet. So, Quinn, our overall outlook obviously, we factor in -- we're looking at a flattish overall CapEx for overall China. I think ttheyre's a lot of debate about that, but we see better growth from our new products, share gains and new customers. First half/second half, I mean, you can look at tthey numbers, but it's about 40%/60%. And so, we'd expect Q3 to be up, and depending on wtheyre tthey year plays out, Q4 could be down, which is -- that's tthey normal type seasonality for us. Yes. Quinn Bolton Got it. So sort of perhaps a return to more of a down fourth quarter post a couple of years of COVID wtheyre I think seasonality was largely out tthey window. Got it. Second question, just, mark, for you on tthey auditor. I know that ttheir has been a thorn in your side for probably a couple of years now. To tthey extent that you select a China-based auditor, can you just sort of walk us through -- I believe ttheyre's now a process in place wtheyre PCAOB has oversight of China-based auditors. And so, if you select China that shouldn't have any impact on your listing status in tthey U.S. But I know it's been a subject that's raised lots of questions. So, can you just walk us through tthey latest implications to tthey extent you do select a China-based auditor? Thanks. Mark McKechnie Yeah, you bet. Thanks for that question, Quinn. So, I think, as you know, last year, we did cut over to Armanino, a U.S.-based auditor, and ttheyy completed a good audit for our 2022, signed by -- ttheyy're officially a U.S. auditor. But yes, tthey rules, ttheyre was a positive development late last year, tthey PCAOB was able to inspect tthey China auditors. And so, tthey so called HFCAA Act, which would result in a delisting if you were on a certain list three consecutive years in a row, that became moot at least for tthey foreseeable now that we believe tthey PCAOB has been granted tthey inspections in China. So, that's why we pointed out in terms of our possibilities range U.S. auditor, but we could certainly go with a China-based auditor as well, and maintain our listing at ttheir point. Quinn Bolton Great. And ttheyn, a final quick one for me. David, you mentioned sort of expanding placements of Track and PECVD ttheir year. Can you give us sort of any sense how broad you may be able to go with those evaluations to an expanding customer base, or to an expanding base within your existing customers with Track and PECVD? David Wang Yeah. Actually, as I mentioned, we do have also differentiated technology with PECVD, right? So now we're actually have two model; one for memory application, anottheyr one for tthey real logic, right, foundry application. So, ttheir year, we're working with probably both side of tthey customer and we try to get evaluation going on. And obviously, revenue will come in next year, right? So, PECVD is a huge market and also has really [indiscernible] product, right, ottheyr than our furnace. We have a really high expectation and we put a lot of effort and put both on ttheir product and also expecting very good outcome, good future and to drive -- ACM continue to grow in tthey next few year at a high growth rate. So, it's an exciting product. Quinn Bolton Thanks, David. Thanks, Mark. David Wang Thank you, Quinn. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Suji Desilva with ROTH Capital. Your line is open. Suji Desilva Hi, David. Hi, Mark. Congrats on tthey progress theyre. So, just to dig in a little bit on tthey ECP furnace category, I want to make sure what's tthey decline theyre. Was tthey furnace products uptake [indiscernible] product uptake still ramping? And -- or within, is ttheyre just supply chain catch up across that category? David Wang Great. Actually, our furnace by end of last year, we have -- only have [indiscernible] customer. However, ttheir year, we're really -- we're expecting to increase to more customer, right, probably by end of ttheir year, we're hoping our customer base becomes double digit. So, revenue wise, yes, not as quickly as contribution as copper plating, however, our customer base increased quite dramatically, right? And now we also have ottheyr high-temperature anneal and also LPCVD and nitride and poly -- tthey poly. Also we have two of our, we call ttheym, ALD process tool also on tthey customer qualification process, and ttheyy show very promised data. So, we'll see that, it would be, play probably next year, right, more of a contribution to revenue. But as I said, ttheir is also quickly growing market for us. Suji Desilva Okay, great. That's good progress ttheyre. And ttheyn, for tthey Korea operations, David, could you give us a sense what's tthey milestones are as you start to get tthey land ttheyre and try to build that out? Just give us some kind of things to look for next several quarters to keep track of? David Wang Great. Actually Korea and SK hynix became customer in 2011, right? It's really long-term relationship. We sell a lot of tools to tthey Wuxi FAB. And, obviously, now ttheyy're building more of -- probably building factory more advanced nodes, most likely ttheyy couldn't probably focus on tthey Korean site. That's really because to our effort, more folks on tthey Korean market. And that's why we're going to increase investment and we're still going to hire more people. And, like, our furnace, PECVD and also ttheyir Track is real joint development between team in Shanghai and Korea. So, we're now really fully engaged with tthey Hynix regarding not just only cleaning, right, cleaning actually about 90% of ttheyir process step [within copper] (ph) -- also engage with tthey copper plating. And furttheyr, we'll be also obviously furnace in PECVD and also Track, we'll also try to. We'll probably become tthey major supplier in tthey future for Hynix. Meanwhile, we're being a strong R&D and also ttheyir manufacturer base in Korea were really theylping us expanding our technology furttheyr to U.S. and Taiwan and also Europe market. So, we have a new dual R&D-manufacturing center is really what make ACM to be in real flexible, which is a dynamic fab situation. Suji Desilva Okay, great. And that sounds like a good opportunity. And ttheyn lastly, just want to sneak one last question in. Just on your advanced packaging, with tthey talk in tthey market of AI and high bandwidth memory [indiscernible] TMSC and Intel, you may have all ttheyse areas. I'm just curious, do you see an exposure ttheyre to tthey growth in AI, gen AI, or is that advanced nodes versus trailing nodes, just give me a sense of tthey advanced packaging opportunity you may be able to lever -- you may be leveraging ttheyre? David Wang Yes, actually good. ACM has really good product line up, right, for ttheyir real advanced packaging. And we have really, I call it, [flagship] (ph) of tool for copper plating. And also, we have wider copper wet process tool, including coater, developer, wet etctheyr, stripper and cleaning, right? So, it's real well preparation, also we do have SFPs, just astonishing, and also for ttheir advanced package application. So, we are well positioned. And like, yes, we are fully engaged with tthey ottheyr top-tier customers. And also, we are most engaged with tthey customer in China, too. So, it's really -- I see a very growing market and like I said, AI GPT is definitely driving high end of tthey advanced packaging and application. So, our product really prefer for ttheir application. Suji Desilva Okay. Thanks, David. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Christian Schwab with Craig-Hallum Capital. Your line is open. Christian Schwab Great. Thanks for taking my question. In tthey prepared comments, we talked about market share gains inside of China. Do you think that -- can you give us an elaboration on that? Are we gaining market share across all product lines? Or is it more targeted at cleaning and ECP and furnace? Any color ttheyre would be great. David Wang Yes. Actually, if you look at tthey cleaning, right, and cleaning products were increased 55%. I mean, three years ago, we only have single wafer or semi-critical tool, mostly single wafer side. However, tthey last two, three years introduced auto bench, which is really major, I call, market for ttheyir 45 nano technology and above, also including power device. So, ttheir is really driving our cleaning tool, continue to increase. Obviously, copper plating, it also increased quite a lot, right? Now we're definitely number one in like a local supplier, in cleaning number one, and also tthey copper plate number one. And also, I'd say, furnace wise, as I mentioned, will continue to increase tthey customer base. And that will be also tthey -- I look in tthey next few years will also become bigger driving for tthey revenue, too. More than that is also we now spread our cleaning and copper plating in -- outside China, right? That's really big sign. We see that gain ttheyir intention or gain ttheyir interest from ttheyir top-tier customers outside China. Christian Schwab Great. And ttheyn, a question for Mark. Given tthey supply chain issues and COVID costs are kind of behind us or at least greatly diminittheyyd, is it time to potentially raise tthey gross margin target range for tthey company on a consistent basis? Or is ttheyre just still too much volatility in mix to raise it at ttheir point? Mark McKechnie Yes, I'll take that. So on tthey gross margin, you're correct, I mean, we've come in at tthey upper end of our range or maybe a little better in past few quarters or so. Christian, I think, our gross margins are quite dependent upon product mix, new products and old products and that we have a range across ttheym. I think for now, we're going to keep our 40% to 45% range. Of course, we always like to do as well as we can, but we're not ready to move that range higtheyr. Christian Schwab Okay, great. No ottheyr questions. Thanks, guys. Great quarter. Mark McKechnie Okay. Thanks, Christian. David Wang Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Chaolien Tseng with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Chaolien Tseng Hi, David and Mark, thanks for taking my question. Tthey first question is about tthey customer new order momentum. Can you talk about tthey recent customer new order momentum? Do you see that improving compared with tthey first half of ttheir year? And can you talk about tthey order momentum [by far] (ph)? Again -- because we are thinking that back-end equipment order had earlier corrected. We are thinking that, as of now, that back-end order may have some improvement, especially from tthey Chinese customers. Thank you. David Wang Okay. Actually, as you see, our front-end customer, existing customer, obviously, ttheyy continue spending, right, and that's driving our growing. Also, we see significant of our second-tier, third-tier customer order coming, right? That's really also become tthey -- actually driving our shipments and also driving our revenue, too. So that's on sign. And also, in tthey bank-end, it really depends. Some customers are still pausing, and some customers still kind of invest too, right? I should say, ttheir year, obviously not good as last year, right? So, looking forward, I should say still keep going, but maybe some customers still slow down, but ttheyn some customer invest for back-end, but we'll see. Chaolien Tseng Okay. So from -- we understand that ttheyre are many, many Tier 2, Tier 3 merger fabs in China. I mean, ASML talked about tthey same a few weeks ago. But we are just thinking if we look at front-end revenue exposure, do you -- would you say that right now tthey revenue contributions or from tthey order momentum, would you say it's about maybe one-third from ttheyse Tier 2 to 3 customers already, or even maybe half of tthey new orders from tthey Tier 2, 3 customers? Thank you. David Wang Yes. I really cannot give tthey real breakdown, right? I mean ttheir is real dynamic moving. For tthey end of ttheir year, we can give you really what's tthey top 10, whatever, 10% above customer, right? I can say some second tier and third-tier customer will become, obviously, adding to our 10% customer end of ttheir year, right? That you can see tthey people -- I mean, all tthey second-tier grow. But at ttheir moment, I really cannot break it down percentage-wise. But a significant of our, I can say, shipment revenue come from tthey second tier, third tier customer because ttheyy are all driving for tthey mature nodes. Chaolien Tseng Okay. Significant revenue and shipments from, okay. David Wang Yes, [increased rate and bulk rate] (ph). David Wang Okay. Do you mean significant revenue shipments from tthey Tier 2, 3 customers? Or do you mean tthey significant increase... David Wang Increase. Chaolien Tseng Increase. Okay. And next question is, wtheyn you look across your product across cleaning, copper plating, furnace, do you still have any tools that with over six months lead time, even say 10, 12 months lead time? We still theyar from a small number of international equipment suppliers that ttheyre remain some tools still with over six months lead time. So I'm just wondering if it's tthey same for ACM? Thank you. David Wang Yes. Actually, last year, right, we do have a real experience of long leading time, right, some product, 10 months, sometimes even more than 10 months. Ttheir year, actually, that time has been shrinking, right? Actually, every -- between five to seven months, depends on product. It also depends on your specific components we have get in tthey hand. So, it has been improved, and we're expecting continue to improve. Chaolien Tseng Thank you, David. And next question is that wtheyn I look at tthey revenue by region, it's very great to see that tthey revenue from China actually grew quite recently in second quarter, although that's still just 7% revenue. So, I'm just wondering, is ttheir increase mainly from tthey front-end or back-end business. David Wang You mean outside China? Chaolien Tseng Yes. In tthey second quarter, you talked about 7% revenue. David Wang Yes, our majority still come from China right now, right? But we see that -- as I said, ttheyre are outside China sales activity could grow, and more attention from tthey customer, as I mentioned, in Korea. And Korea, so far, we have a Hynix as a major customer. Also, we see tthey traction for ottheyr packaging and customer in Korea, interest in our plating tool. And tthey same thing, we also have a customer from U.S. continue interest in ottheyr application tool and also we have also European customer, right? So, we'll say, in tthey next few years, we're expecting a lot will happen for our international efforts. And for cleaning, plating and also expecting furnace, wtheyre ttheyy also play anottheyr revenue driving our international efforts. Chaolien Tseng Okay. Understand. Thank you. And David if possible may I just ask about furnace because I was -- I have been expecting some decent revenue growth from tthey furnace. So, I see in tthey second quarter, it seems that still not yet a lot of new revenues from furnace. So, I'm just thinking, can you share a bit more about tthey furnace? I mean -- I know you talked about ttheir earlier already, but I'm just thinking from tthey revenue perspective, will be tthey major revenues, new revenues from furnace coming from 4Q ttheir year or maybe from 2024? David Wang I will say, we'll have more customer base increase, right, as mentioned earlier. And by end of last year, we have three customers for furnace. And ttheir year, probably we're hoping by end of ttheir year, we can increase tthey total customer number to double digits, right? So again, revenue-wise, it's hard to tell, right, new customer will take time. So, I will say more of tthey revenue we expect is kind of next year for contribution. Chaolien Tseng Okay, understood. Thank you, David. Mark McKechnie All right. Next question, please, operator. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Mark Miller with Tthey Benchmark Company. Your line is open. Mark Miller Congratulations on a very strong quarter. David Wang Thanks, Mark. Mark Miller Tthey question is about tthey eval tools in Europe and also U.S. Wtheyn would you expect ttheym to be revenues? Would that be next year probably? David Wang Good question. Actually, we have ttheir tool to evaluation, and we are expecting -- tthey tool get a qualification end of ttheir year, right? So, eittheyr end of ttheir year or beginning next year, that's our expecting, become record revenue. Mark Miller Are ttheyre any ottheyr tools outside of Europe and U.S. and especially in China that are eval tools? David Wang Outside China or inside China? Mark Miller Inside China. David Wang We also have eval tool, right, inside China. And I mentioned about tthey foreign company, ttheyy have ttheyir manufacture in China, and we have a copper plating, we also have our cleaning tool, also have advanced packaging tool, right, in those -- foreign company, which has a factory in China. We'll continue expanding that base too. Obviously, we also have evaluation tool into tthey Chinese customer, too, right, which is quite a bit in tthey furnace and some plating tool and also our variety of cleaning tool, right? For instance, we have a Bevel etctheyr and also supercritical CO2, and those two also in tthey customer for evaluation. Mark Miller Just a couple of housekeeping questions. What was stock-based comp and cash from operations? Mark McKechnie Yeah. Hey, Mark. Stock-based comp was about -- it's in tthey press release, but about $2 million for Q2. And ttheyn cash flow from operations in Q2 was positive, about $6 million. Mark Miller Thank you. David Wang Thank you, Mark. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Robert McKay with Blue Lotus. Your line is open. Robert McKay Hey, David and Mark. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to ask about inventory levels. Ttheyy've been a little bit high for a couple of quarters. And I was just kind of wondering what tthey reason for that is? And if we can expect to see that come down in later quarters? Yeah, thanks. David Wang Hey, Mark, do you want to take that question? Mark McKechnie Yes, I didn't theyar tthey question. David Wang Can you speak louder? I think their questions are regarding our inventory and -- little higtheyr, they said, in tthey next few quarters is ttheyre going to be reduction or not, that was their question. Mark McKechnie Okay. Yes, we did not -- can you theyar us on our end? We didn't theyar that question. Robert McKay Yes, I can theyar you. Mark McKechnie Okay. So David repeated tthey question. So it's about tthey inventory. Is that correct? Robert McKay Yes, exactly. Just wondering why it's a little bit high. Yes. Mark McKechnie Okay. So again, I didn't theyar tthey question well, but I think I can address it if it has to do with tthey inventory. So, our inventory at tthey end of tthey June quarter, ttheyre were three factors to it. So it was $471 million. It was split between raw materials, about $192 million, work in process was $109.8 million, and ttheyn finittheyyd goods inventory was $168.9 million. So, we did -- tthey finittheyyd goods inventory, a lot of that is tools that are under evaluation being evaluated by our customers. And so that is an important metric for us. In terms of our overall inventory levels, we are working on bringing ttheym down a bit. We built some inventory, one based on our forecasts, but also given tthey supply chain tightness. But as David noted, some of tthey supply chain is loosening up, so we're looking to bring those inventories down to more normalized levels. Robert McKay Got it. Super clear. I don't know if you can theyar me now. David Wang Your sound is still light. Can you speak close to speaker? Robert McKay I'm on my theyadset. Yes, I'll speak as loud as I can. I was wondering if ttheyre's kind of any information you can share on tthey orders from Hua Hong on its new expansion ttheir year? Are we already factoring that into our revenue guidance? David Wang Yes. Actually, Hua Hong has been, as I said, [indiscernible] So ttheyy have also multi-fab building in different locations, right? So it's really our strategic customer, [indiscernible] quite a bit of contribution for our revenue in tthey future, right? And ttheir year, something happened, so a lot of starting in next year, next two years. It's a great customer. And also, we have a strategic relationship, our cleaning tool, fab cleaning tool, our furnace, right, and -- is wider, acceptor evaluates and ttheyn codify it in tthey Hua Hong Group. So it's great. We're looking for customer continue to grow and also we'll continue give a better service supporting with our portfolio product to tthey Hua Hong Group. Robert McKay Got it. Very clear. Once again, sorry for my microphone quality. I just wanted to follow up a question on tthey revenue guidance. I think our revenue guidance is still quite wide. And I just wondering if ttheyre's anything you can share about why it remains so wide? David Wang Yes. Well, I mean, probably, you're right, a little wider. I mean ttheyre's still uncertain, right? So, we'll probably in tthey Q3 timeline, give you more [narrow] (ph) of tthey -- guidance. And at ttheir moment, I think we'll be keeping, not changing. Robert McKay Got it. So, is ttheyre just some uncertainty about some orders from some of your customers? Is that tthey reason for tthey wide range? David Wang Can you repeat tthey question? You sound too small. Can you repeat again? Robert McKay Yes. I just wanted to know if tthey wide range is maybe due to some uncertainty about some customer orders or -- what kind of information do we need to be more certain about our guidance for tthey year? David Wang Yes. I think probably you are right, some still orders, some still components of each, right, both togettheyr, that probably give us kind of wider projection right now. Robert McKay Got it. Great. And ttheyn tthey last question I'll ask, and maybe I'll go back in tthey queue after, is about tthey dividend. I think Shanghai subsidiary issued quite a large dividend. And I was wondering what we -- what our plans are for that dividend. If we're just going to invest it? And what we'll finally do with that? Yes, thanks. David Wang Great. Actually, as we announced, we have a dividend, right, and go to all tthey shareholder of ACM Shanghai company, which is 82.5% comes to tthey ACM USA. We are going to use ttheir money investing in marketing, also continue to invest in our ottheyr R&D activity, a demo center in tthey U.S., and also we're applying in ottheyr regions, right? So we're going to put tthey money into tthey -- well enhance our sales and marketing and build capability, theylping product go to tthey first-tier customer in tthey world. Robert McKay Got it. Thank you very much. Sorry for my audio quality. I'll go back into tthey queue. Thank you, and congrats on tthey good results. David Wang Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Mark Miller with Tthey Benchmark Company. Mark Miller Thank you for tthey second question. How should I think about modeling R&D for tthey remainder of ttheir year? Mark McKechnie Mark, I'm sorry, can you repeat tthey question? Mark Miller How should I think about modeling R&D expense for tthey rest of tthey year? Mark McKechnie R&D expense, yes, let me give some thoughts on that. R&D overall was about 12.7% non-GAAP in 2021, 15.3% in 2022. So, we're looking at for tthey year, about 14% to 15% would be tthey right range for R&D. Mark Miller Thank you. Mark McKechnie Yes, thanks, Mark. Operator I show no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to hand tthey call back over to David Wang for closing remarks. Again, I show no additional questions... David Wang Thank you, operator. Thank you all for participating on today's call and for your supporting. Before we close, Yujia is going to mention our upcoming Investor Relations events. Yujia, please. Yujia Zhai Thanks, David. From August 22 to 23, we will be presenting at Peterual Needham Semiconductor and SemiCap Conference. From August 29 to 30, we will be presenting at tthey 20th Peterual Jefferies Semiconductor Conference in Chicago. On September 13, we will present at tthey 10th Peterual Benchmark TMT Conference in New York City. As a reminder, attendance at tthey conference is by invite-only. For interested investors, please contact your respective sales attendant to register and sctheydule one-on-one meetings with tthey management team. All right. So ttheir concludes tthey call. You may now disconnect. Thanks.