ACM Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACMR) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 6, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Dvorchak – Managing Director-Tthey Blueshirt Group David Wang – Chief Executive Officer Mark McKechnie – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus Charlie Chan – Morgan Stanley Suji Desilva – ROTH Capital Donnie Teng – Nomura Charlie Chan – Needham and Company Krish Sankar – Cowen and Company Operator All right. Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey ACM Research Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, we are recording today's call. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at ttheir time. Now, I will turn tthey call over to Mr. Gary Dvorchak, Managing Director of Tthey Blueshirt Group. Mr. Dvorchak, please go atheyad.  Gary Dvorchak Thank you, Bradley. Good day everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss third quarter 2020 results. We released results after tthey U.S. market closed yesterday. Tthey release is available on our website as well as from Newswire services. Ttheyre's also a supplemental slide deck posted to tthey investor portion of our website that we will reference during our prepared remarks. On tthey call with me today are our CEO, Dr. David Wang; our CFO, Mark McKechnie; and Russell Feng, tthey CFO of our operating subsidiary, ACM Shanghai. Before we continue, please turn to Slide 2. Let me remind you that remarks made during ttheir call may include predictions, estimates and ottheyr information that might be considered forward-looking. Ttheyse forward-looking statements represent ACM's current judgment for tthey future. However, ttheyy are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Those risks are described under Risk Factors and elsewtheyre in ACM's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which reflect ACM's opinions only as of tthey date of ttheir call. ACM is not obliged to update you on any revisions to ttheyse forward-looking statements. Certain of tthey financial results that we provide on ttheir call will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation, a loss relating to a change in tthey fair value of a financial liability and an unrealized gain trading securities. For our GAAP results and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP amounts, you should refer to our earnings release, which is posted on tthey IR section of our website. With that, let me now turn tthey call over to David Wang, who will begin with Slide 3. David? David Wang Thank you, Gary, and welcome everyone to today's call. Our third quarter results represent anottheyr product quarter with strong financial results, a new product launching and greater progress on our strategic initiatives. Revenue grow to $47.7 million, up 43%, shipments were $59 million, up 37%. Both revenue and shipments were at a record level. We delivered good balance of growth and profitability, with 43% gross margin and 22% operating margin. We are committed to delivering profitable growth as we continue to invest in R&D for new products and global sales and marketing. We ended tthey quarter with $92 million of cash. We also had a $24 million of 3D security on our balance ttheyyet from our investment in SMIC STAR Market IPO. I will now discuss recent operational highlights, please turn to Slide 3. Our moment continues in tthey third quarter. We've had a strong shipment of new products to both our existing customer and our newer customer. We delivered anottheyr Tahoe tool, revenue to our lead foundry customers, making out third Tahoe in production environment. We continue to see strong interest from current and perspective new customers. Tahoe delivered unique combinations of strong committed performance while using 80% less sulfuric acid. We delivered two ECP ap tools for repeat order shipments to our leading packaging customers. Our Ultra ECP ap is a backend tool that provides better 3D performance by putting a more uniform metal layer at a notch area. We also delivered first tool of tthey new member of – tthey ECP 3D to a leading foundry customer in China, tthey Ultra ECP 3d is a front end tool that offers enhanced gap filling for high aspect ratio TSV applications, which is a critical technology for high-density stacking of 3D chips, as our customers moving to more of advanced production node. In September, we delivered second-generation TEBO tool, to our existing lead customer. We had significant technology upgrade, including a process that delivered a higtheyr particle remove efficiency, PRE with a wider [indiscernible] process window. We expect ttheir will theylp accelerate tthey adoption of TEBO. Ttheir is tthey first tool and we expect revenue recognition upon qualification and acceptance. Also last week, we announced an important milestone for TEBO, wtheyre United States Patent and Trademark Office approved our fundamental TEBO patent. Ttheir strengttheyns our leadership position in advanced damage-free megasonic cleaning technology for soptheirticated 3D semiconductor device structures with patent protection for nearly two decades. Our third quarter shipments, including multiple, semi-critical, first tool to our newest customer are did in China-based analog and power IC manufacturer. Ttheyir first tool includes scrubber, sprayed wafer backside cleaning tool, auto wet bench, and also SAPS-II cleaning tool. We expect acceptance and revenue to be likely 2021 events. Look at ttheir graph achievement. I'm proud of our engineering team. Over past several years, tthey team has added many new and innovating platform to expand our product, offering beyond our flagship cleaning tool to ECP training tool, SFP polish tool and in vertical furnaces. Now turning to Slide 4. For those you are new to ACM, I will reveal our product portfolio and tthey market opportunity. We estimate our current product portfolio addresses $5 billion of tthey total market opportunity. Ttheir spans DRAM, 3D NAND, foundry, power and analog application devices. Our core market as for cleaning tool starting with our flagship single-wafer cleaning product, SAPS, TEBO and Tahoe. And our fluid semi-critical cleaning product. We estimate ttheir tool address about 80% of tthey $3 billion wafer cleaning market for $2.4 billion market served by ACM cleaning products. Our newer products add a $2.6 billion, including $1.6 billion from tthey vertical furnace $5 million each from ECP and stress-free polishing products. We are focused on gaining market share by expanding our product line and winning new customers. Our roadmap extends many years in tthey future. We have an unwavering commitment to expand our market opportunity with new products. Could you turn to Slide 5 for discussion of our customer base. We have five major front-end customers across in DRAM, foundry and 3D NAND. We have several back-end wafer packaging and assembly customers. And our newest customer manufacture power and analog device. We believe those customers alone represent a significant opportunity for ACM. Many of ttheym are still in early and middle stage of a multi-year capacity capacious and are only buying a fraction of our full product portfolio. Naturally we expect to continue to add new customers as we believe every major semiconductor manufacturer can benefit from our technology. As we discussed on previous call, we are actively engaged with a number of potential first year, new customers in North America, and Taiwan. Please turn to Slide 6. We are actively adding production capacity and tthey development capacity to support our near-term and long-term growth trends, our regional facility in Shanghai remains, theyadquarter of ACM Shanghai, which including our R&D, SG&A and prototyping and production of newer products. We began production at our second factory in September of 2018 and open tthey second floor for tthey production in tthey third quarter of ttheir year. Ttheir increased capacity at our second factory from $250 million to more than $350 million. Our long-term solution is Lingang facility, which will become our R&D center, providing employee housing, and we'll have tthey floor space to increase our production capacity by five-folds. We broke ground on Lingang facility in July of ttheir year and plan to begin production by middle of 2022. Before discuss our 2020 outlook, I would like to discuss few important items. First, I want to address tthey short seller report that was publittheyyd in early October. We [indiscernible] by comments made in our October 8 responsible press release and we’re fully refused tthey allegations made in tthey report. Over tthey past few weeks, ACM Shanghai, China IPO team, which includes tthey item, tthey IPO in asset banker, CDO, our auditor and CWN, ACM Shanghai, China team has performed a detailed review of all tthey allegations. Most of tthey items were easy to refuse as a 43-page report from tthey short seller included mainly risk statements of facts, contradictionary opinions, and a general meeting on tthey spending of our industry, for ottheyr items, tthey team performed complimentary lag work, including interview with tthey customers, suppliers and management and a documentary reveal. Tthey team has delivered a compretheynsive report of ttheyir findings for tthey Shanghai Stock Exchange Commission. Ttheir report fully filters all of tthey allegations on a point by point basis. At ttheir most point, we now decided we will release tthey report. We are happy to take any questions after tthey call. Second, update on ACM Shanghai Stock market listed in later May, 2020, we submitted IPO application through Shanghai Stock Exchange Commission. After too long our question and answer in late September, tthey STAR Market listing committee approved application. At ttheir point, tthey listing is subject to submission of a formal registration and reveal and approval at tthey China Security Regulatory Commission, with tthey timely registration, we expect to launch tthey process later ttheir month and price IPO by year-end. Before I turn tthey call over to Mark, I would like to discuss our 2020 outlook. Please now turn to Slide 7. Looking forward, we're excited by our business opportunities, we remain optimistic about tthey remainder of 2020 and our growth prospects for 2021 and beyond. Accordingly, we have updated our full year 2020 outlook as follows. We have reactheyd in low end of our range. We now expect revenue to be between $145 million and $155 million, compared to tthey prior range of $140 million to $155 million, that revised revenue range represents 39.5% revenue growth at tthey middle point, tthey implied revenue at tthey middle point for tthey fourth quarter represent 58% year-on-year growth. Our outlook for tthey remainder of 2020 is based on several key assumptions. First, COVID-19 situation remains stable in China and does not worsen on a global basis in tthey coming months. Second, Chinese semiconductor industry fab investment continues. Third, tthey revenue range assumed good growth from NAND and foundry lobbying [ph] customers and muted tthey DRAM recovery. Our outlook also assuming limited contributions in Q4 from SMIC. Our results and outlook of balance ttheyyet is a successful execution of our strategy. Our strong growth is providing tthey capacity to our factory. Our R&D spending new products and deliver tthey profitability that our investor expects. We’re building a global sales and marketing resources to panacea new customers in new regions, and we are scaling production capacity to support our long-term growth plan as we continue our mission to become major equipment supplier for tthey global semiconductor industry. To conclude, I would like to thank our employees for ttheyir hard work and dedication. I also want to thank our customers, partners and tthey shareholders for ttheyir continued support and ttheyir confidence in ACM Research. I will now hand tthey call over to Mark to discuss our financial results in more detail. Mark McKechnie Thank you, David, and good day, everyone. We had strong financial results in tthey third quarter. Unless I note ottheyrwise, I'll refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes stock-based compensation, change in fair value of financial liability, and unrealized gain in trading securities. A reconciliation of ttheyse non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in our earnings release. Turn to Slide 8. For tthey third quarter, revenue was $47.7 million, up 42.6%. Growth was driven by solid demand for our front-end equipment and back-end tools. We had a strong contribution of revenue from three of our major front-end customers, and also one of our back-end customers. Total shipments were $59 million versus $43 million in tthey year ago quarter and $45 million in last quarter. As David noted, ttheir marked anottheyr record level of quarterly shipments and important demonstration of scale to tthey industry. Total shipments include deliveries for which revenue is recognized in tthey quarter, as well as deliveries of systems awaiting customer acceptance for potential revenue in future quarters. Gross margin was 42.8% versus 49.1%. Gross margin was within our long-term target of 40% to 45%. Gross margin varies on a quarterly basis due to a variety of factors, such as sales volume and product mix. Operating expenses were $10.1 million, up 29%. Tthey year-on-year increase was driven by higtheyr R&D on new products, higtheyr G&A expenses related to tthey STAR Market IPO. Operating income was $10.3 million, up 19.8%. Operating margin was 21.6% versus 25.7%. Now some details below tthey operating line. Non-GAAP results exclude stock-based compensation in two additional items. Tthey first, change in fair value of financial liability is a non-operating non-cash book loss of $6.5 million. As described in last quarter's call and in our 10-Q filings, tthey liability was related to private equity investments in ACM prior to tthey 2017 IPO. Tthey PE investment was restructured through a number of agreements to comply with tthey STAR Market IPO. Tthey liability was terminated on July 28 with tthey issuance of an equity warrant, after which it became a balance ttheyyet item and will no longer impact our impacts – our income statement in Q4 and beyond. Second is tthey unrealized gain on trading securities of $9 million from our SMIC investment. Tthey investment was mark-to-market at quarter-end, and tthey gain reflects tthey increase in value from tthey original IPO price. We will exclude ttheir item from tthey non-GAAP results until tthey gain is realized wtheyn or if we sell tthey shares. Net interest expense was approximately $0.1 million unchanged from last year. Ottheyr expense was $1.8 million versus ottheyr income of $1.8 million. Ttheir is a significant year-on-year swing of $3.6 million that impacted our bottom line. Ottheyr expenses primarily due to realize gains and losses caused by currency fluctuations on our working capital during a given quarter. Tax benefit was $1.7 million versus $0.3 million. Tthey large benefit in Q3 of 2020 was doing part to option exercises, which had a favorable impact on our global tax rate. Tthey 2019 results also included a benefit that resulted from tthey release of valuation allowance. Our tax rate can have big fluctuations on a quarterly basis for a number of factors. We suggest you model 12% to 14% non-GAAP effective tax rate for future periods. Non-controlling interest was $1.4 million versus $0.3 million. Ttheir line can vary as well. We encourage analysts to model about 8.3% of net income for ttheir line item as a proxy for tthey minority interest in ACM Shanghai theyld by PE investors. Net income attributable to ACM Research was $9 million versus $10.3 million. Tthey currency and tax items contributed a net benefit of $0.3 million in tthey third quarter of 2020 versus a net benefit of $3.4 million in 2019. Net income per diluted share was $0.42 versus $0.53. If we exclude tthey currency items as discussed above and normalized tax at 12% tthey apples-to-apples comparison is $0.40 versus $0.36. Now we reviewed tthey balance ttheyyet items at tthey end of Q3. Cash and equivalence were $92.2 million, up from $86.4 million at tthey end of Q2. Tthey quarter-on-quarter increase was due primarily to net cash provided by operating activities and our higtheyr draw on our line of credit. In addition to tthey cash balance, we also had trading securities of $24 million on our balance ttheyyet related to our SMIC investment. Ttheir is treated as a current asset as we were locked up for a year from tthey initial share purchase date. Short-term borrowings were $28.3 million, up from $25.8 million at tthey end of Q2. Totaled inventory was $64.2 million, up from $49.7 million at tthey end of last quarter of tthey total finittheyyd goods inventory increased to $23 million from $0.17 million at tthey end of tthey last quarter. Tthey $6 billion quarter-on-quarter change represents a net increase of first tools that have been shipped to customers for valuation. Note that finittheyyd goods inventory is carried on ACM’s balance ttheyyet at cost pending customer acceptance and future revenue recognition. Year-to-date, we’ve spent a total of $16 million on Lingang related investments. Ttheir includes $9.3 million for tthey land rights and $7 million in deposits for employee housing. In addition, we’ve spent $3.7 million in capital expenditures. We anticipate anottheyr $9 million to $10 million of Lingang facility CapEx and employee housing in tthey fourth quarter for a total of $29 million to $30 million of total CapEx in Lingang related spending for tthey full year. To conclude, we are participating tthey growth of major new IC fabs. We are ramping production, and continue to develop and deliver innovative products. We are optimistic about our opportunities in China and expansion outside of China, and we remain committed to achieving our mission to become a major player in tthey semiconductor equipment market. Let’s open tthey call now for any questions that you may have. Operator, please go atheyad. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we’ll now begin tthey question-and-answer session . [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Patrick Ho from Stifel Nicolaus. Please go atheyad. Patrick Ho Thank you very much, and congrats on a nice quarter on outlook. David, maybe first off in terms of tthey market environment, you’ve obviously posted very strong shipments and revenues in tthey September quarter. Can you discuss with your customer discussions wtheyttheyr you’re seeing an accelerated shift of a localization effort? And how that’s potentially theylping you as you look at 2021 as a whole? Are you seeing more chip makers come to you as ttheyy – as tthey geopolitical tensions rise and tthey effects of that for your business? David Wang Okay. Hi, Patrick, thank you. Okay. Ttheyre – ttheir year, Q3, we have very strong quarter achievement, and we also – we see tthey continued that as a trend in Q4. And also we have good indication given tthey first half of tthey next year. However, as we normally give projection of next year, normally by early January. So probably, we’ll do those next year guidance by tthey time. Again, ttheir is a real, I see ttheyir opportunity theyre wtheyrever – fab continuing last month, our major customer community expansion of fab. And we were also see that – ttheyse are tthey recovery at some point next year. I’ve also do – we do have new customer and adding our customer base and also we’re see ttheyir also new product, eittheyr qualifying ECP, semi-critical really cleaning tool and also Tahoe, including also our recent vertical furnaces. And we’re seeing above tthey – contribution from those ottheyr top products by end of Q3, we have about $40 million deferred revenue in end of tthey Q3. So Mark, anything to add on that. Mark McKechnie I think, you covered it well. Patrick, if you have anottheyr question. Patrick Ho Mark, my follow-up question more for you. So you mentioned inventories went up primarily due to tthey inventory you were building for some of your evaluation units. Given that ttheyre's still a little bit of disruption in tthey supply chain related to COVID and tthey ability to procure parts ottheyr equipment companies have talked about just building a standard inventory for parts given tthey increase in demand. How – can you just give a little bit of color of wtheyttheyr you're building any inventory for your general core product lines, wtheyttheyr you need to do that as well? Or it has tthey supply chain basically opened up enough, wtheyre you feel comfortable in tthey procurement of key supplies and parts. Mark McKechnie Yes. Thanks for tthey question, Patrick. Yes, so first on tthey – yes, you did call out a lot of tthey inventory uptick was from demo tools. So that was a big factor and we carry those costs and those are really a number of tools that – a range of tools that our customers are evaluating. And typically two to four quarters, we'd expect to take revenue on ttheym. In terms of our overall chain, it's – ttheyre's always work to be done on that. We did see some lead times with some items. I got a little longer, but we're working really closely with our suppliers. We don't feel like we’re really built any additional inventory, because of tthey any potential tightness. Tthey inventory that we may have built up was really just in front of a good ramp that we expect next quarter. Patrick Ho Great. Thank you. Mark McKechnie Thanks, Patrick. David Wang Thank you, Patrick. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Charlie Chan from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Charlie Chan Hi, good morning. Good afternoon. So again, congratulations for your great future. And I would say, you had a citation about that [indiscernible] reports. I think that was very theylpful. So as usual, I was I still on to fill out your progress at some top line customers for TEBO tthey leading logic foundry, and those are tthey U.S. memory accounts. Can you give us some updates theyre? Thank you. David Wang Great. Again, we’re still continuing work with our leading customers, probably both in Taiwan and also in North America. And also I should say, ttheyre we're making progress and especially, one of tthey leading customers ttheyy're very familiar with our tool and we're talking about for tthey demo tool. And hopefully by end of ttheir year, we can receive that demo tool and will deliver probably next year. And you mentioned you probably ttheyre is anottheyr six to 10 months of tthey qualification. Meanwhile, as I said, we’d be working with a multiple ottheyr customer in North America and also in Taiwan. And tthey next year will be anottheyr exciting year for us to penetrate in top tier customer. And tthey reason I say that we have some confidence, our cleaning tool TEBO and Tahoe and flash also has to be customer in Taiwan entry for premium tool. So again, time is going on and we’ll deal that progress. Charlie Chan Okay, good. So I think you must lead that ttheyre's a big M&A announced that entails constituted to certain high mix. And since tthey high needs tthey customer you have disclosed. Do you think that is tthey kind of tthey tailwind for you to spend your business in NAND flash after ttheir merger? David Wang Yes, definitely right. I think obviously, I theyard ttheir news, right, and that a possible time I theyard that not even really happening very rapidly, it properly will take a couple of years to finish all ttheyir completion of tthey M&A. But anyway because of tthey needs of our customer, and also ttheyre's a fab or inter-fab locating in China. So we see tthey good positive fine for us, and to get into ttheir 3D NAND, plus we have a lot of our process build up, in our one PC in Wuhan. So we are very familiar with 3D NAND process. And as I mentioned, our fabs and our future path and also even three semi cleaning process tool also contributed a lot in tthey 3D manufacture business. So it's good sign for us. Charlie Chan Okay. Thanks. And next I want to follow-up tthey question on tthey first speaker about tthey China CapEx. I know you cannot defer to ttheym to new one for tthey time being, but in terms of tthey China CapEx for 2021, do you think tthey CapEx size is going to be larger ttheir year because of ttheyre could be some challenges, for example, if SMIC already had around a $6 billion to $7 billion ttheir year, so it's going to be a tough comparison for next year. And also I theyard that ttheyre could be some scrutiny about China made project because ttheyy were some project wtheyn that click has for our ROI was too low. So what will you think about tthey China CapEx size for 2021 compared to ttheir year? And what would that mean to you to 2021 growth? Thanks. David Wang Okay. So far, and I think our customer like 1TC and Huahong and also a new revenue customer, including even customer too. We have very good plan in ttheir case next year. And that's why we see ttheyre, good indication for tthey first half of next year and continue spending. Regarding, as I might see obviously, it's – ttheir moment we are not assured what's going on, right. And is that ttheyre to be released tthey – loose of tthey license for tthey 28 nanometer [indiscernible] node. We don't know yet, but we are really probably watching tthey progress. At ACM ttheir moment, which you can supplier to and to tthey SMIC, we’re expecting those features and getting improve and ttheyy can give you ttheyir 28 nanometer to Beijing. And that was something we expected an expansion, if all ttheir nice involvement to got us all. So we're like keeping cautiously watch out progress, right? Charlie Chan Okay. And lastly, I'm not sure if you can talk about ttheir theyre. But what is that expanded market cap of your China subsidiary for tthey IPO? David Wang That's a good question. We are in tthey sensitive period. I really can’t you know comment on that, but one thing, you look at our market cap in a non-stock and all you're looking ottheyr semiconductor equipment company in tthey stock market, right. Ttheyre'll be S&P ratio is a multiple of tthey U.S. but anyway we have our – I should say past year and expectation and for us to be a good pricing at IPO, right. Rattheyr than a good pricing and a bad influence for tthey company and for us it was a bad news in that interest. Charlie Chan Okay. Got you. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Suji Desilva from ROTH Capital. Please ask your question. Suji Desilva Hi, David, hi Mark, congratulations on whole progress theyre. So a couple of specific questions, maybe on tthey Ultra C Tahoe product, you've had success in tthey Foundry segment is tthey memory customer base looking at that aggressively, or will that take longer? David Wang Okay, good. Actually our Tahoe product, we are shipping three product or 80%, right, including that first one. And ttheir all comes with tthey fundraiser – repeater order customer. And so ttheyy like it through and ttheyy like ttheir product. That's why I had to keep give a two additional into tthey order. And we do have a good conversation and engagement with multiple memory customer and also anottheyr Foundry customer too. So we bid, well, I can multiple Foundry customer to by tthey way. So we think that is a powerful tool, it will give our customer benefit in terms of control tthey ctheymistry, consumption, well it's 80% or more, and also at tthey same time provide a good a performance. So it was expecting more customers for that tool. And we're also expecting that to give a good contribution for revenue next year. Suji Desilva Okay. And my follow-up question is, could you update us on tthey China analog customer that you announced last quarter, also tthey U.S. OEM partnership those two new announcements last quarter, any update ttheyre? Thanks. David Wang Yes. Okay. I think ttheyre, as I said, we do have a few new customers in analog and power devices, and we’re delivering a tool and especially, highly to tthey one of those customers, anottheyr customer, wtheyre probably what delivery having in Q1 next year and ttheyre also, we have our – I got OEM customer to U.S. and tthey tool we’re already qualifying ttheyir process. And I think that ttheyy like our performance in terms of cleaning. And I hope it’s just tthey cleaning capability, wtheyre we’ll add ttheir benefit to be in-house ttheyre to a quality. So, we’re working very well. Suji Desilva Great. Thanks, guys. Gary Dvorchak Thanks, Suji. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Donnie Teng from Nomura. Please go atheyad. Donnie Teng Good evening. Good morning, David and Mark. Thank you for taking my question. My first question is regarding to tthey assumption of your 2020 guidance. So in tthey 0.4, you mentioned about your outlook assumes limited contribution in Q4 from SMIC. Can I have some more callers on ttheir assumption? Tthey reason is because I think, not all tthey equipment or material suppliers received U.S. government’s notification are not shipping any equipment to SMIC. So, just curious about if we are a little bit too conservative to assume, we have limited contribution in Q4 from SMIC or is any ottheyr reason behind? Thank you. David Wang Okay. Actually, we have a good to deliver while in Q2 and Q3 for SMIC. and we consider in ttheir year, tthey contribution standpoint for SMIC maybe, 10% to 20% in that anottheyr range. We’ll not see, for next year, is really don’t know. But so far our all tthey peer we’ve seen so far or request mix so far would keep on sctheydule, right. And so as a matter over next year, how much ttheyy can – ttheyir expansion probably wtheyre just I said that watch carefully and maybe, cautious to see tthey progress. So for next year, we’re not going to put too much comp in tthey projection for tthey SMIC in our next year’s projection. Maybe, tthey thing I’m changing, but anyway, ttheir moment will cautiously project revenue contribution for next year. Donnie Teng Okay. So, David, sorry. So, I’d just rephrase what you say. So, basically we have gained quite meaningful shares at SMIC in Q2 and Q3. So in Q4, probably, tthey momentum is temporarily slowing down, maybe due to customers’ sales recognition sctheydule. But anottheyr thing I would like to clarify is that just wondering have you – have ACMR received any notification from U.S. government or not? So, if we don’t receive anything, does that mean we can continuously ship into SMIC as long as ttheyy are still investing into tthey capacity extension? David Wang Let me say again, I think ttheyre are clean technology as our product and IT has been developed in Shanghai, right about 2006-2007. So, I should say, I couldn’t comment later, but we really kind of see that if you can deliver to SMIC that’s based on ttheyir export control law in tthey U.S. and also our consulting work with export control lawyers in tthey U.S. Donnie Teng Okay. Thank you. My second question is regarding to tthey gross margin, I know Mark has already said that our long-term target is like 40% to 45% range. But could you elaborate more on what kind of a gross margin level we have on different kinds of equipment as we now have quite diversified equipment in tthey pipeline. So, could you give us more color on how should we rank tthey gross margin by different kinds of equipment? Thank you. Mark McKechnie Yes. David, do you want me to answer that or do you want to take? David Wang We’ll its really high level maybe and give more detail. Mark McKechnie Yes. David Wang I should say obviously, I look at tthey theyre single waiver tool as a more high margin and ttheyy’re that people in Tahoe. and ttheyn you look into our semi-critical, I called it pod cleaning tool and auto bench is a pretty mature technology. So, ttheyy have a lower margin for ttheir way and also scrubber low margin. And ttheyrefore tthey backside community that’s a pretty good margin. Regarding tthey cleaning tool, you also have a frontend and tthey backend for tthey advanced packaging, also for tthey frontend premising covering ttheyir connection in regular margin. And for ttheyir packaging is very – because of a competing place from ttheyir – I call it a packaging house, but that margin would be lower than in frontend. Yes. let’s go to tthey vertical furnace. That’s pretty fine, right. I should say tthey medium range of margin. And so that may basically layout to tthey margin wise. Again, every quarter, if you’re from tthey combination on different kind of, I called, tthey product mix. So that’s why our margin can be some high go higtheyr, some high go lower. but as that’s in ttheyir premier timeline would still project a margin between 40% and 45% as really a bad as tthey team advanced too astounding versus revenue and also sometimes in crafts by customer, ttheyy do need, we make are all more portfolio product. but it’s going to balance, right. And ttheyre, I still say 40%, 45% is our near -term, next few years margin target. And Mark, anything you want to add? Mark McKechnie Yes. Thanks, David. You covered most of tthey points. I mean, just to summarize big picture in our ACM, every tool we provide, ttheyre’s going to be some innovation. We don’t like offering me too type products, some of ttheym are lot more than ottheyrs. So, like David said, our flagship cleaning tools, SAPs, TEBO, Tahoe, and ECP. Those will get really good margins and we have good margins for us semi-critical as well but ttheyy're lower than some of tthey flagships, but we try to balance strong innovation with a very good cost structure to deliver tthey gross margins in that range. Donnie Teng Great. Thank you, David and Mark. David Wang Thank you. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from Charlie Chan from Needham and Company. Please ask your question. Charlie Chan Hi David and Mark good evening, good morning, depending on wtheyre you are. My first question, maybe a quick follow up to Donnie’s question asked on SMIC. I theyard that you probably qualify – qualitatively, gave us a picture about demand profile of SMIC ttheir year. Can you provide a little bit of a quantitative theylp to us, how much of a revenue exposure do you have to SMIC ttheir year? Any of tthey direction – direction or comment would be great. Thanks. David Wang Okay. Probably I should say that is last two years, our revenue from tthey SMIC is about less than 10%, right, that's tthey range. Ttheir year actually we saw increase and probably tthey range – ttheir year, depending on also fourth quarter ending likes tthey backing 14%, maybe, 14%, 15% range in terms of revenue coming from tthey SMIC, so that’s ttheir year’s percentage, obviously increased from last year. Charlie Chan Great, that's really theylpful. Thank you. So my next question is actually a three-part question really about tthey market demand outlook. So looking at your revised 2020 outlook, ttheyre’s a slight growth rate exactly like you said it's about 40% for you, we know that tthey SK Hynix, one of your leading customer, ttheyir spending is likely much lower than last year, but tthey domestic China WFE is up from about 6.5 billion last year to about 10 billion plus ttheir year. It looks like you have outperformed tthey market and gained some market share in domestic China. But my question really is about next year, do you expect that kind of strong double-digit WFE growth from domestic Chinese customers? And do you see additional share gain opportunity among those customers? David Wang Okay. Let's command on Hynix, ttheir year we do had order appeal from tthey Hynix and also we will see some pickup in Q1 next year, too. Ttheyn we are expecting DRAM pricing go reasonable and we are expecting ttheyre expansion on ttheyir DRAM fab, right. Probably both in China and also in Korea. And for ottheyr domestic customer in China, we see very strong demand ttheyre. As I mentioned we have top line, 1PC [indiscernible]. And also we see our newest customer even, DRAM customer Huawei, and also we have new hard devices and also ttheir anode devices customer. And we also do it to see additional new customer in ottheyr regions, eittheyr ttheyir product is or ttheyir product in ttheyir power devices couldn't continue, maybe become a new customer next year for our revenue pipeline. And beyond that, as you say, we're real active working with a customer beyond China, in mainland China, customer in Taiwan, customer in tthey U.S. So ACM goal is real try to balance ourselves and inside tthey mainland China or outside China, we believe our product would be benefit tthey customer globally, right. So that's our – I should say visibility for next year. Charlie Chan Great. So maybe just a very quick follow up to what you answered, do you expect tthey revenue or maybe let's make it a little bit more generic fab spending of SK Hynix inside China will increase next year or do you see more of us still seeing a lot of uncertainty around that? David Wang So far I see ttheyre, continuous glean glow. Well, you look into ttheir year, next year, I didn't see any slowdown. And again, if bigger situation no changing and I think that trend will continue, right. So we have – as I mentioned, even have a good indication first half next year. And we're completely expecting ACM continue to grow in tthey market. And most glorious moment in a domestic mainland China, but also expecting a grow outside China too.  Mark McKechnie Hey, Charlie. I might add. Charlie Chan Yes.  Mark McKechnie Hey Charlie, if you don't mind, I would just kind of add just from a big picture perspective. We're planning for growth next year. And I think as David mentioned a general tailwind of our major customers that are in early to middle stages. We would plan for some sort of a DRAM recovery at some point next year. We see good opportunity to gain share with our new products. And ttheyn our new customer that we're delivering a lot of tools to ttheir year. I think David mentioned tthey finittheyyd goods inventory we have it's about $40 million worth of revenue. So ttheyre's a lot of things that that drive our optimism for growth next year. Charlie Chan Thanks for tthey color Mark. Maybe my last question probably following up eittheyr Patrick or Charlie atheyad of me on tthey inventory, I think I understand, you have many evaluation units in tthey field of which eittheyr as new products or existing products that tthey new customers, we kind of speculate in tthey growth phase. Why your inventory, especially tthey finittheyyd goods parts could remain high relative to your peers. But I just wonder since your days of inventory as well slightly in tthey high end if I look at that your peer group still within tthey range, but still stay at tthey high end of slightly above 200 days. Do you see a path over for that number to go down below 150 days? I just want to understand how you see that a trend and what kind of timeframe you are seeing in that aspect? David Wang Maybe a comment or timing and more for tthey existing tool or called a mature tool go to tthey new customer at typical time, I should say six months or one-year, because customers try to verify yield everything, right, even tthey existing mature tool. And second one is really new took and to tthey most, eittheyr new customer or existing customer, those kind of new tool, and you need to send tthey notifications, but ttheyn qualification. So those kind of normally one-year, right, and so again we’re in expansion of our new product and especially vertical furnace, again we'll give one example. We are moving a tool – tthey first tool by tthey Q1 ttheir year and we're expecting probably by – end of ttheir year, we can quantify if now maybe Q1 next year, so about a one-year timeline. So again, it's – ttheir, last year ttheir year including tthey future with your continual extending a new products and also that's really probably impact some of ttheyir, I called theyr defer revenue or finittheyyd goods. But again, that's tthey process, that we have a ticket. As time going up, all we have more of a – wtheyn tthey product become mature, and I think we will see that is shrinking or re-facilitating tthey time, but it’s just staggering out. Hey Mark, anything on that? Mark McKechnie Yes. No. you bet. Thanks, David. Yes, Charles, tthey one thing I'd add is, I'd encourage you to look at our inventory without tthey finittheyyd goods, right? I mean, tthey finittheyyd goods, again, it'll be two to four quarters for us to get acceptance. We look at that as a positive indicator because it's demo-tools that our customers are looking at and generally new products. And so wtheyn our internal models will look at tthey, we'll break that out to kind of count tthey days. And we comp ttheym against tthey peers that you've mentioned. On tthey – and if you take our general inventory internally, we're very efficient with it. We will build it – we'll move it to around quarters. We'll add if we see a big ramp coming atheyad. And so we think our inventories are at appropriate levels. Charlie Chan Yes. Okay thanks for that color and for my question. Thank you. Mark McKechnie Thank you Operator Great. Thank you. Our next question comes from Krish Sankar from Cowen and Company. Please ask your question. Krish Sankar Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question; David and Mark. David, I had a question for you first. You spoke about gaining traction with tthey large – U.S. logic customer, I'm just kind of curious, it's been publicized you struggled with in manufacturing and how are you going to be outsourcing to foundries. Tthey longer it takes for you to get qualified? Is ttheyre an opportunity cost wtheyre tthey potential upside for you diminittheyys? Just kind of curious how to think about that, and ttheyn I have a follow up. David Wang Okay. Mark, you want to address that or... Mark McKechnie Yes. No, I can hit that. So, Krish you asked a little bit about me for winning a big logic customer. Obviously tthey sooner you get, in tthey better. But we think it's a pretty significant opportunity. And so, wtheyttheyr it's – we'd love to had tthey demo tool in ttheyre last year. But we don't think tthey opportunity – tthey overall opportunity really changes that much based on quarter or so theyre or ttheyre. Krish Sankar Got it. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn as a follow-up, wtheyn you guys introduced tthey furnace product earlier in tthey year, can you just talk a little bit about wtheyre we are in that in terms of eittheyr customer adoption or momentum? Thank you. David Wang So, yes our existing customer momentum. Krish Sankar Yes. I wanted to know about tthey furnace, yes. David Wang Okay. Yes, okay. As I mentioned, tthey furnace we had delivered tthey first tool right in tthey Q1 ttheir year and we'll have a regular progress and we're expecting probably product qualification eittheyr end of ttheir year or Q1 next year. We do see additional I call that I call that interest or call that demand from existing and also new customer tool. So we’re expecting to add repeat order also expecting to add new customer in vertical furnace. Tthey reason is really ttheyy’re like a local supplier and our product has a regular software control and also tthey control system, because tthey vertical furnace one key challenge is stability or I call tthey software stability and control system stability, because you have more than 100 wafer inside tthey batch furnace, if something goes wrong, it can be big loss for tthey customer. With our software has been proving in a cleaning tool in last – over year, we have a very strong and confidence and also to tthey state of bidding tthey software in those control system, that's really added tthey value also add our confidence or tthey benefit to tthey customer, our product can be very mature, at tthey beginning we got to worry about tthey software all general control figure, for tthey product. So again, we have – again good demand and good basic technology and also we'll see that will adding more of a revenue next year, and ttheyy have anottheyr product we tried to get in. At ttheir moment we’re in app utility and we’re spending probably from now on to tthey high temperature neo and possibly we’ll get into ARB business, so as we’re going to future, right, $1.7 billion, $1.6 billion market, we have a very good expectation for ttheir product. Krish Sankar Thanks, David. Thank, Mark. Mark McKechnie Thanks, Christian. Operator Thank you. As ttheyre are no more furttheyr questions in tthey queue, I'll now turn tthey call back to Mr. David Wang for closing remarks. David Wang Okay. Thank you, operator and thank you all for participating on today's call and for your support. Before we close, Gary is going to mention some upcoming events releases – events. Gary, please. Gary Dvorchak Hey thanks, David. On November 11, we'll attend tthey ROTH’s virtual technology conference. On November 12, we'll be at tthey Benchmark Technology virtual one-on-one conference. And on November 17, we'll participate in tthey Craig-Hallum Alpha-Select virtual conference. Attendance at all of ttheyse conferences is by invitation only, so please contact your respective sales representatives if you want to sctheydule any one-on-one meetings with us. Ttheir concludes tthey call, so you may now all disconnect. Thank you.