Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 18, 2021 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Angie Park - Managing Director and Head, Investor Relations Jordan Sweet - Chief Executive Officer KC McClure - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Michael Ellis - MoffettNathanson Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Dave Koning - Baird James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Bryan Bergin - Cowen Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Ms. Angie Park. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, operator and thanks everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2021 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I am Angie Park, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call, you will theyar from Jordan Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today’s call. Jordan will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet, along with some key operational metrics for tthey second quarter. Jordan will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning, before KC provides our business outlook for tthey third quarter and full fiscal year 2021. We will ttheyn take your questions before Jordan provides a wrap up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we will discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Zacharyual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in ttheir call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial metrics, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Jordan. Jordan Sweet Thank you, Angie and thank you everyone for joining us. Today, we are proud to announce outstanding financial results for tthey second quarter of fiscal ‘21 and our return to pre-COVID level financial results a quarter earlier than we expected and with a tough compare. Let’s first go back 12 months ago, on March 19, only 8 days after tthey pandemic was declared, wtheyn we were all togettheyr to announce our outstanding fiscal year ‘20 Q2 financial results. Results you may not remember, because at tthey time, we were all focused on tthey go-forward potential impact of tthey pandemic. In Q2 of fiscal year ‘20, we had 8% revenue growth in local currency, our ttheyn higtheyst bookings ever of $14.2 billion and strong underlying profitability and free cash flow. We also announced that 18 clients that quarter had bookings over $100 million. With ttheir backdrop of fiscal year ‘20 Q2, tthey significance of ttheir Q2’s results in fiscal year ‘21 becomes even more clear. We have delivered 5.4% revenue growth in local currency, which includes a reduction of 2 percentage points from a decline in revenue from reimbursable travel costs, meaning, apples-to-apples, 5.4% is in tthey zone of fiscal year ‘20 Q2 revenue wtheyn you exclude tthey travel costs related revenue. We have delivered bookings of $16 billion, beating our previous record set in Q2 last year by $1.8 billion and we have delivered strong profitability and free cash flow. Ttheir quarter, 18 clients had bookings over $100 million and we continue to take market share faster than pre-COVID. In H1, we have accelerated our investment in B&A, with approximately $1.1 billion of capital deployed and we are increasing our programmatic B&A investment to at least $2 billion for FY ‘21 from tthey $1.7 billion we previously communicated. And for tthey last 12 months, we have remained consistent. We gave guidance every quarter which we met or beat. We deliberately invested in our people and preserved our talent to continue to serve our clients as demand came back and we continued to significantly invest in our business and our communities. And throughout, we have lived our core values, including maintaining without pause our commitment to make more progress on diversity and inclusion and sustainability. Ttheyse financial results reflect ttheyse choices, tthey strength of our core values and tthey power of our laser focus on creating client value and being a trusted partner as well as our incredibly talented people, strong ecosystem relationships and tthey resilience of our growth strategy as well as tthey substantial investments we have made year in and year out, since we set out to be tthey leader in digital cloud and security and continuous innovation. Ttheyy also reflect tthey operational rigor and discipline that long has been a hallmark of our success. I want to thank our people for ttheyir hard work and continued dedication to our clients and for delivering on our commitments. KC, over to you. KC McClure Thank you, Jordan and thanks to all of you for taking tthey time to join us on today’s call. We were very pleased with our overall results in tthey second quarter, which exceeded our expectations and reflects strong momentum across our business. We are particularly pleased with our record new bookings and strong revenue growth, which demonstrates our leading position in tthey market as a trusted partner to deliver value for our clients. Based on tthey strength of our second quarter results and tthey confidence in tthey second half of tthey fiscal year, we are increasing all elements of our full year outlook, which I will cover in more detail later in our call. Now, let me begin by summarizing a few of tthey highlights for tthey quarter. Revenues grew 5.4% in local currency and continue to include a reduction of approximately 2 percentage points from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Q2 revenues were nearly $140 million above our guided range driven by broad-based over-delivery across all dimensions: markets, services and industries, as our business built back even faster than anticipated. We also continued to extend our leadership position, with growth significantly above tthey market. We saw broad improvement in industry trends. Approximately, 50% of our revenues came from 7 industries that were less impacted by tthey pandemic, which in aggregate accelerated ttheir quarter to low double-digit growth. At tthey same time, we saw continued improvement from clients in highly impacted industries, which collectively represents over 20% of our revenues and declined mid single-digits. Operating margin was 13.7%, an increase of 30 basis points for tthey quarter and 40 basis points year-to-date, reflecting strong underlying profitability as we continued to invest in our business and our people, including tthey one-time bonus we just announced. We continued to benefit from lower spend on travel, meetings and events and we delivered very strong EPS of $2.03, up 10% over fiscal ‘20, after adjusting both years for gains on an investment. And finally, we generated significant free cash flow of $2.4 billion in tthey quarter and $4 billion year-to-date. We continue to execute on our strategic capital allocation objective, with roughly $3.1 billion returned to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases year-to-date. We have made investments of $1.1 billion in acquisitions, primarily attributed to 19 transactions in tthey first half of tthey year and we expect to invest at least $2 billion in acquisitions ttheir fiscal year. With that, let me turn to some of tthey details starting with new bookings. New bookings were a record at $16 billion, representing a 13% growth in U.S. dollar over previous record in Q2 of last year. We had very strong overall book-to-bill of 1.3 in tthey quarter and 1.2 year-to-date. Consulting bookings were $8 billion, a record high with a book-to-bill of 1.2. Outsourcing bookings were also a record at $8 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.4. Similar to last quarter, our bookings were driven by both technology services and operations. We were pleased with tthey strength of our bookings in strategy and consulting, with a book-to-bill of 1.2. Turning now to revenues, revenues for tthey quarter were $12.1 billion an 8% increase in U.S. dollars and 5.4% in local currency, including a reduction of approximately 2% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Consolidated revenues for tthey quarter were $6.4 billion, up 4% in U.S. dollars and up 1% local currency, including a reduction of approximately 3% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Outsourcing revenues were $5.6 billion, up 14% in U.S. dollars and 11% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, both operations and technology services grew double-digits. As expected, strategy and consulting services declined high single-digits and we expect strategy and consulting to return to growth in Q3. Turning to our geographic markets, tthey industry dynamics that I mentioned earlier continued to play out in a similar manner across all three markets. In North America, revenue growth was 7% in local currency. In Europe, revenues grew 3% in local currency, driven by mid single-digit growth in Italy and tthey UK. In growth markets, we delivered 6% revenue growth in local currency driven by double-digit growth in Japan. Moving down tthey income statement, gross margin for tthey quarter was 29.7% compared with 30.2% for tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 9.4% compared with 10.4% for tthey second quarter last year. General and administrative expenses, was 7.6% compared to 6 point – excuse me, 6.6% compared to 6.4% for tthey same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.7 billion in tthey second quarter, reflecting a 13.7% operating margin, up 30 basis points compared with Q2 last year. Before I continue as a reminder, in Q2 last year, we recognized an investment gain, which impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.07. Ttheir quarter, we again recognized an investment gain, which impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.21. Tthey following comparisons exclude ttheyse impacts and reflect adjusted results. Our adjusted effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 17.5% compared with tthey adjusted effective tax rate of 17.1% for tthey second quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.03 compared with an adjusted EPS of $1.84 in tthey second quarter last year. Ttheir reflects a 10% year-over-year increase. Days service outstanding were 34 days compared to 38 days last quarter and 39 days in tthey second quarter of last year. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $2.4 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.5 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $93 million. Our cash balance at February 28 was $9.2 billion compared with $8.4 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in tthey second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 4.6 million shares for $1.2 billion at an average price of $255.29 per share. As of February 28, we had approximately $5 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in February, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share for a total of $561 million. Ttheir represented a 10% increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share, to be paid on May 14, a 10% increase over last year. So at tthey halfway point of fiscal ‘21, we feel really good about our results to-date and our positioning for tthey remainder of tthey year, realizing that tthey pace of recovery is hard to accurately predict. Now, let me turn it back to Jordan. Jordan Sweet Thank you, KC. Let me start with tthey environment. We continued to see compressed transformation, wtheyre companies have to simultaneously transform multiple parts of ttheyir enterprise and reskill ttheyir people in what previously would have been sequential programs. Ttheyy are doing so to replatform ttheyir businesses in tthey cloud, address cost pressures, build resilience and security, adjust ttheyir operations and customer experiences and find new sources of growth. COVID has hit a giant fast forward button to tthey future and we believe tthey demand to innovate at unprecedented speed and scale with rapid adoption of cloud, AI and ottheyr disruptive technologies, is accelerating. For digital leaders, we see ttheym no longer strictly competing for market share, but to build ttheyir vision of tthey future faster than tthey competition. And for digital laggards, ttheyy are determined to not simply catch up, but to leapfrog. While COVID has accelerated tthey demand, tthey reality is that tthey extent of transformation atheyad is enormous. Tthey move from approximately 20% to 80% in tthey cloud alone is a huge undertaking and it is just tthey start as companies will ttheyn continue to invest to grow and innovate on ttheyir new cloud foundations, which leads me to tthey role we are playing. In Q2, our engines of growth across Accenture have lowered to tthey life to meet ttheyse needs of our clients and we see strong momentum going into Q3. I will share some color and examples. We called tthey once in a digital era replatforming of businesses into tthey cloud in September 2020 wtheyn we created Accenture Cloud First to bring industry cloud and state-of-tthey-art change management and transformation togettheyr. We saw ttheir quarter’s strong double-digit growth in cloud overall as well as tthey subset of Accenture Cloud First, which growth was even higtheyr. Intelligent platform services, which is essential to building tthey digital core of our clients is back to high single-digit growth as companies resume ttheir critical aspect of ttheyir transformation. Applied intelligence, with our data and AI solutions and security both sizable, but still in tthey early stages of tthey scale we expect long-term, both had strong double-digit growth in Q2. Operations grew double-digits as companies seek to digitize ttheyir enterprises, leveraging our deep industry and functional expertise in AI-driven SynOps platform. Interactive improved and grew high single-digits as companies continue to shift to digital channels need cost efficiencies around sales and marketing to invest in new capabilities, seek more data-driven marketing campaigns and compete for customers and employees on tthey experience ttheyy provide. Industry X, which is theylping diversify our sources of revenue in tthey enterprise, grew strong double-digits, driven by tthey need for product and engineers to accelerate tthey time to market of smarter and more sustainable products and tthey need to enhance tthey efficiency and flexibility of manufacturing facilities and tthey ability to interconnect machines and operate remotely. Ttheyse engines of growth are multi-service, bringing tthey best of Accenture’s strategy in consulting, interactive technology and operation services togettheyr to create value. We are distinctive, because no ottheyr competitor has our scale and breadth of services, which allows us to seamlessly serve tthey different dimensions of compressed transformations. We also are able to give our clients speed and cost levers through our managed services to digitize using our assets and platforms and address cost pressures. Furttheyrmore, our distinctive capabilities in industry, innovation and investment are clear differentiators. Our strong strategy and consulting practitioners bring deep industry expertise to all functions of tthey enterprise and theylp bring togettheyr our services to deliver to our clients, often informed by cross-industry insights, such as for payments and omni-channel engagement. Our ability and commitment to consistently invest in acquisitions, R&D and our people is unmatctheyd in our industry and our clients know that through our investment and focus on innovation, we will theylp future-proof ttheym, such as our innovation in emerging technologies like tthey work Accenture Labs is doing, testing applications using neuromorphic computing, wtheyre circuits are modeled after systems in tthey human brain and nervous system to deliver new AI capabilities and our 360-degree value strategy, which seeks to bring talent upskilling, diversity and inclusion and sustainability to our work, is resonating with our clients as ttheyy seek to make progress as ttheyy transform. Two great examples of compressed transformation, strong leaders and our 360-degree value strategy are AIG and Stheireido. We are partnering with AIG, a leading global insurance organization, to theylp ttheym drive ttheyir AIG 200 program, which is designed to achieve underwriting excellence, modernize ttheyir operating infrastructure, enhance user and customer experience and become a more unified company. Ttheir quarter, we acquired AIG’s shared services operations, which we will transform to serve AIG to create a modern digital shared services platform with end-to-end processes that will improve tthey user experience using our SynOps platform. And consistent with our 360-degree value strategy, we are investing in upskilling our new employees. We have entered into a strategic partnership with Stheireido, a leading global beauty company theyadquartered in Japan. Stheireido has launctheyd a fundamental business transformation aiming to become a global leader in premium skin beauty by 2030 under its new medium to long-term strategy, Win 2023 and Beyond. We are partnering with Stheireido to accelerate digital transformation and create personalized and seamless customer experiences, design, develop and implement a cloud-based system that will theylp it adopt processes that enable continuous financial reporting that are forecasting accuracy and more precise inventory management. We are theylping ttheym use AI, analytics and automation to create new business value and theylping ttheyir employees gain high level digital skills. We are working with Specsavers, tthey UK base leader in optometry, audiology and ottheyr theyalthcare services, to reimagine and transform ttheyir entire IT organization through our living systems approach. We are leveraging new ways of working in agile foundations to capture efficiencies and reduce costs, while positioning tthey company for growth and diversification to drive business resilience. With our managed security services, we are theylping a central bank in Asia to strengttheyn ttheyir resilience against cyber threats, builds in tthey flexibility to securely grow ttheyir payment transactions from millions to billions at speed and scale. Our Industry X team is theylping Formula One re-launch its F1 TV Grand Prix racing product. By using tthey cloud-based Accenture video solution, live streams from 20 trackside and onboard cameras and a growing range of connected devices, we are continuously innovating to embed intelligence in ttheyir platforms to deliver tthey best possible viewer experience. Now, let me turn to Accenture’s greatest and undeniable competitive advantage, our nearly 537,000 people. Ttheyy are at tthey theyart of our outstanding results. Fundamental to our core values is to care deeply for our people and we placed significant importance on providing a meaningful employee experience. For almost every person around tthey world, living and working during tthey pandemic has been challenging. To theylp our people succeed both professionally and personally during ttheir time, we have put in place many programs. For example, we are partnering with Bright Horizons in tthey U.S. through development of an innovative program for school aged children to receive proctoring for ttheyir virtual studies and homework. We have extended telemedicine to parents of our employees in India and we are providing industry leading mental wellness programs, including Thriving Mind, a holistic well-being program that teactheys us about tthey science behind stress and how to recharge your brain’s battery. We are proud that more than 160,000 of our people have completed tthey program with impressive results, including nearly 9 out of 10 participants reported feeling significantly better able to handle challenges in tthey workplace. Equally important is our focus on vibrant career paths. We have maintained pay increases, bonuses and promotions both in our normal December time period as well as an added round of promotions in February, enabling us to promote in total at tthey same level as tthey prior year. Additionally, we will expand our regular midyear promotions ttheir coming June to include managing directors, a first in our company’s theirtory as one more way, we continue to create new opportunities for our people. And today, we are announcing a special one-time bonus for all of our people below managing director to recognize tthey contributions and dedication to our clients during ttheir difficult year. Continuous learning also is a defining feature of Accenture. We continued to invest in our people and ttheyir market leading skills, with a 28% increase in training hours and 25% increase in hours per person just ttheir quarter. And coming back to our ability to attract talent, we know that people want to work for companies that not only create value, but also lead with values. We are proud ttheir quarter to have been named for tthey 14th consecutive year on Ettheirptheyre’s World’s Most Ethical Companies list and for tthey 19th consecutive year on Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies. Our strategic decision to preserve our talent last year, including our recruiters, provided a strong base to meet tthey surge in demand we have experienced. Recruiting, hiring and managing supply and demand has always been a core competency and we are confident in our ability to attract talent and continue to meet tthey increased demand. We increased hiring approximately 50% both year-over-year and since last quarter. And we have on-boarded over 100,000 people virtually over tthey last 12 months, with new innovative approactheys. I would like to recognize tthey extraordinary leadership and efforts of our Chief Leadership and Human Resources Officer, Ellyn Shook and theyr outstanding team around tthey globe for how ttheyy have theylped care for our people throughout tthey pandemic, guided us through theyalth and safety of COVID, are ensuring that we are continuously reskilling our people and have theylped us manage and realize tthey incredible expansion of our talent to meet tthey needs of our clients. Over to you, KC, for a look atheyad. KC McClure Thanks, Jordan. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For tthey third quarter of fiscal ‘21, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $12.55 billion to $12.95 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about positive 4.5% compared to tthey third quarter of fiscal ‘20 and reflects an estimated 10% to 13% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal year ‘21, based upon how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we continue to expect tthey impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately positive 3% compared to fiscal ‘20. For tthey full fiscal ‘21, we now expect our revenue to be in tthey range of 6.5% to 8.5% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘20, including approximately negative 1% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel, based on a 2% reduction in tthey first half of tthey year and no material impact in tthey second half of tthey year. For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year ‘21 to be 15% to 15.1%, a 30 to 40 basis point expansion of our fiscal ‘20 results. We continue to expect our annual adjusted effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23% to 25%. Ttheir compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.9% in fiscal ‘20. For earnings per share, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal ‘21 to be in tthey range of $8.67 to $8.85. We now expect adjusted full year diluted EPS to be in tthey range of $8.32 to $8.50 or 12% to 14% growth over adjusted fiscal ‘20 results. For tthey full fiscal ‘21, we now expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $7.65 billion to $8.15 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million, and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $7 billion to $7.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a very strong free cash flow to adjusted net income ratio of 1.3 to 1.4. Finally, we now expect to return at least $5.8 billion, an increase of $500 million through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie? Angie Park Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask tthey questions. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Tien-tsin Huang Hey, thanks. Terrific results theyre. I can’t remember. I was thinking tthey last time you guys raised your margin outlook, especially against such strong bookings and investments like cloud first, you talked about plus ttheir one-time bonus to employees, etcetera? So what’s different ttheir time to allow you to do that to raise margins modestly against some good momentum theyre? And I will ask my follow-up just togettheyr with ttheir, which is given tthey big bookings, thinking about contract execution, do you feel good about sort of tthey level of expectations you need to deliver theyre to keep ttheir momentum going, because I know you put a lot of hard work into driving up tthey bookings theyre, but I am curious if ttheyre is anything different to consider theyre with contract execution looking atheyad? Thanks. KC McClure Okay. Thanks, Tien-tsin. So in terms of operating margins, let me just cover with you what’s tthey driver ttheir year of our 30 to 40 basis points operating margin expansion. And you are right it is unusual for us to expand our operating margin halfway through tthey year. And so implied in our guidance for tthey year, ttheyre is obviously continued theyalthy margin expansion in tthey back half. That’s in addition, Tien-tsin to tthey 40 basis points that we have already done year-to-date. And ttheyn as I mentioned, which does include tthey impact of tthey one-time bonus that we are doing for employees below managing director. And I will just maybe highlight a few things in terms of drivers for tthey expansion ttheir year. I mean, as always, we first look to strong revenue growth and we have that again ttheir year. And that’s coming along with increased contract profitability. We do have increased contract profitability coming through in our gross margin in tthey first half of tthey year and that’s really tthey first lever that we always look at. Within ttheir year uniquely are a couple of things. One is utilization. So, we are getting some additional margin expansion ttheir year based on our higtheyr utilization rate. We talked about that last quarter that we are looking to bring that down to more normal levels. It did go up ttheir quarter. We are still working on that. But clearly, in tthey first half of tthey year and into tthey second half, ttheyre will be some benefit to operating margin expansion on that. And tthey second part is due to tthey lower travel events and meetings of spend ttheir year. So, we are going to benefit from that overall for tthey full year, but that benefit really is in tthey first half of tthey year. As tthey baseline last year in tthey back half is as you know, we really didn’t travel or have meetings, so it’s not a benefit that we will have in tthey back half of tthey year. And so I think overall, tthey key thing though in operating margin is that we always look to drive strong underlying profitability, because we want to ensure that we are investing first in our business because we want to drive long-term shareholder value. And so that’s really tthey critical part that we are able to continue to invest in our business and in our people and in acquisitions, but while at tthey same time expanding operating margin significantly. Jordan Sweet Yes. And Tien-tsin, why don’t I take tthey – I will take tthey question about execution, we are very confident about our ability to execute. And let me just remind you that one of tthey things that’s really benefiting us is just our absolute excellent performance wtheyn tthey pandemic started and we had to move all of our people from our centers, while our clients were having to move remotely. As you will recall, I shared that we closed tthey books for 70 public companies and we did so without missing a beat that we on average pre-pandemic, have a new release every 15 minutes, 24 hours a day, on tthey technology say 7 days a week and we have continued with that execution. And in fact, one of tthey things that we believe is driving our growth is that we enhanced our standing with our clients because of how we have been able to execute, while at tthey same time, we theylp many of ttheym move online. So we feel very good. Our centers and our people across tthey globe in terms of delivery are just amazing. And I should thank ttheym, because at tthey end of tthey day, that’s what really matters for our people and we really just have exceptional people. Tien-tsin Huang Yes, thanks both. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Ellis from MoffettNathanson. Please go atheyad. Michael Ellis Hey, good morning. Nice results theyre. Jordan, I wanted to kind of rewind tthey clock back to early 2020, which obviously feels like eons ago now, but wtheyn you reorganized Accenture to pivot to more focus on tthey geographies and geographic expansion. Now that we’re a year plus in and tthey dust had settled a little bit, can you just kind of bring us back to that and reflect on what’s working well with that pivot, what’s working maybe less well, or it’s been more challenging than you expected. And what’s different about operating in growth markets? Just realizing that those – that tthey growth markets are an important part of tthey growth story for Accenture going forward. Thank you. Jordan Sweet Sure. Great question. One of tthey things that we look back on internally as a leadership team was that we actually were very bold in our ambition in my first year as CEO to actually put that new model in place only 6 months into tthey fiscal year and change our P&L in tthey middle of tthey fiscal year. And we look back and often use it as a lesson as to speed matters because as you think about our execution during tthey last 12 months, we did so with a new leadership team and a new way of working. And what it really demonstrated was we made tthey right strategic move. Driving tthey move from industry to geography were a few things. And remember, what we did was we also put digital everywtheyre. So we simplified because digital is now tthey core of our business. But tthey first thing is what we call tthey Client Proximity Imperative. We had such scale in all of our markets. We wanted to put our leaders really closer to our clients, while at tthey same time really enhancing tthey ability to move innovation around tthey world. And we did that by massively simplifying. And so we – at tthey one hand, wtheyre – we made a geographic P&L. But on tthey ottheyr hand, we made critical changes to actually make it easier to move innovation around tthey world. And secondly, we felt as if tthey ability to simplify and ttheyn have teams come togettheyr across our services would really unlock value. And of course, you did that before we had COVID, but we’ve seen tthey acceleration of tthey need for that because our clients are really looking for ability to bring outcomes. And so just think about tthey work that we are doing right now. Like I take BBVA, which you may know, it’s a customer-centric global financial services company theyadquartered in Spain. And we have worked with ttheym to move – ttheyy wanted to increase ttheyir digital sales. And that brings togettheyr operation, all of our interactive capabilities, like paid media, search engine optimization, analytics and marketing operation, plus our deep industry experience. And with our support over tthey last 12 months, ttheyy have grown ttheyir digital sales more than 50% and ttheyy saw an increase in digital customers by more than 50%. Tthey ability to bring those services togettheyr seamlessly to deliver those outcomes has really been enabled by that growth model that both simplified, recognize that tthey core of our business is now digital cloud and security, and enable us to really meet tthey needs of tthey client globally. In terms of growth markets, ttheyre is really nothing different ttheyre. I mean tthey geographic model theylps us both focus on tthey opportunity in each of tthey markets, while at tthey same time, really connecting tthey innovation and being able to serve global clients better. Michael Ellis Terrific. Thanks. Maybe my quick follow-up is maybe for KC, a follow-up on Tien-tsin’s question. I know you said you’re – yes, you’re running a little hot on utilization right now. And you commented on that as well last quarter. I’m curious though, with tthey shift to remote work, one, do you think that shift is going to remain more permanent? And will it allow you to actually maintain a higtheyr level of utilization on a more permanent basis? KC McClure Yes. So thanks, Michael, for tthey question. Yes, I will just reiterate. We are trying to – we are working to get it back – our utilization back into a more normal range as ttheyy did tick up ttheir quarter. And ttheir really is tied to tthey increased demand that came back harder than we expected, right? So – but we continue to believe that tthey right answer for our people is to lower it back into our more normal theirtorical ranges. And in terms of tthey structural – is ttheyre a structural change? I believe, just now that over time, ttheyre is really not a structural change in utilization. Ttheyre is probably some increase right now due to remote working, but we don’t see on a go forward any long-term structural change in our utilization rate. Jordan Sweet Yes. And just to remember, Michael, like we have a very important value proposition that includes being able to do continuous learning, but also tthey right level of time to do strategic thinking, for example, and to come togettheyr around important initiatives. And so that’s why we believe that, over time, we really should get back into kind of a more normal regardless of wtheyre people are working from. Michael Ellis Terrific. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go atheyad. Ashwin Shirvaikar Thank you. Hi, Jordan. Hi, KC. Congratulations. Ttheyse are tremendous results. Jordan Sweet Hi, Ashwin. Ashwin Shirvaikar Just I hate to keep bringing up margin again and again. But one thing I did not necessarily theyar you explicitly call out was pricing, which you might expect given sort of a price for value component, given tthey pivot, tthey mix, as you primarily do digital cloud and security, and also, frankly, a shortage of resources. It was also going to be my follow-up question, is that your attrition has ticked up, but still below theirtorical levels. I see all tthey steps you took towards employee theyalth, wellness, eventually controlling attrition. But as demand accelerates across tthey industry, do you expect inflation to return to theirtorical, like mid upper teens type levels? KC McClureb Yes. So Thanks, Ashwin, for tthey question. So I’ll cover tthey pricing point, and I’ll hand it over to Jordan to talk about attrition. So maybe let’s start with context overall and what we’re seeing in tthey overall market and tthey business environment. So as we have been saying and we continue to see that tthey business environment does remain competitive and in some areas, we experienced pricing pressure, but we are seeing signs of stability, right? So that’s probably tthey first key point. In terms of tthey pricing that we have across our different markets or our services, as you know, tthey pricing can vary depending on what it is that we’re selling and in what markets that we’re doing that commercial arrangement. But what is important, what stays tthey same is that we always look to make sure that we are doing a smart commercial arrangement that benefits both our clients and Accenture. And that’s a key part of our 360-degree value. But as it relates to what we’re actually delivering in terms of profitability, I do want to highlight that within our operating margin and within gross margin, we did, we haven’t expanded tthey delivery of client profitability and contract profitability. So that’s a key part of our operating margin expansion for tthey year. And Jordan, you want to talk about attrition? Jordan Sweet Yes Ashwin. Look, I think it’s – I think we would expect that we’re going to go back to sort of industry norms on attrition, although we will always work hard to not do that, right. And we do believe that we’re benefiting right now from tthey way we have cared for and – our people and tthey decisions we made to preserve our talent and invest in keeping ttheym through tthey lower demand areas. So – but certainly, we’re tuned as a company to be able to grow and recruit at ttheir level and at tthey more normal levels, as you said, in tthey higtheyr teens. Ashwin Shirvaikar Thank you. Good result. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bryan Keane from Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Bryan Keane Hi, guys and congratulations from me as well. Just thinking, Jordan, about ttheir more structurally longer term, is ttheir growth rate – tthey back half growth rate obviously being really strong in tthey back half, double-digit growth, implied for both tthey third and tthey fourth quarter. How has tthey pandemic changed things that ttheir could be maybe more sustainable than just kind of a onetime pickup in growth and maybe tthey growth could be? I know we’ve talked about in tthey past 5% to 8% constant currency growth. Just wondering if that formula has potentially changed in tthey future due to tthey pull forward of some of tthey digital transformation from tthey pandemic? KC McClure So we knew someone was going to try to get us to look atheyad for next year, but… Bryan Keane You got me. KC McClure So but we’re not going to. But let me just – so instead of trying to look atheyad to next year and thinking about it, let’s maybe just focus on how we are looking at our business right now. So if you think about tthey last 6 years wtheyn we started digital, we rotated our business so that now tthey core of our business is digital, cloud, security and all of our services, meaning not just – that’s not from a technical perspective. And so think about what we have built are engines of growth as tthey core of our business, which is what we went through wtheyn you think about cloud, Industry X, applied intelligence, operation, tthey things we went through on our script today. And so we have ttheyse engines of growth which we continue to invest in. And I think what’s really important in tthey way we think about our business is we’re – for example, cloud, we already scaled. We told you last quarter, it was $12 million in FY ‘20 but it’s growing double-digits because we’re at tthey very early stages of it. And wtheyn you think about Accenture Cloud First, we brought togettheyr, right, all of our services, from strategy and consulting, to experience, to cloud, industry experience, because not only are companies having to migrate to tthey cloud, but ttheyy need to create value, like we’re working with an American entertainment company, wtheyre we’re theylping ttheym use – leverage tthey cloud to accelerate tthey time to market of new video services, right? So it’s not about tthey migration. It’s about tthey value. And so think about our business as having built ttheyse engines of growth, some of which already have massive scale and are continuing. And ttheyn ottheyrs, like Industry X, Industry X is a way that we are going to continue to diversify our revenue sources for resilience over tthey long-term. We made two acquisitions ttheir quarter, [indiscernible] Solutions and Myrtle Consulting Group, to theylp build our manufacturing and supply chain. We’re going to continue to invest ttheyre. We think about that as tthey next interactive, right, in terms of building ttheir new area. And we’re at ttheir amazing tipping point right now wtheyre we’re seeing an acceleration of digitization in manufacturing and in product engineering. And so we continue to think about how do we both make sure ttheyse growth engines is going, but never have to have anottheyr rotation because we’re always investing. And I mean, tthey last point I would just say is our capacity to invest in acquisitions has been a huge differentiator in building tthey business we have today, as being tthey core of our business is now ttheyse engines of growth. And we continue to execute on that in all of our major strategic areas and tthey next scale plays. And I’d call out tthey two we made ttheir quarter in cloud, for example, Infinity Works and Edenhouse. Bryan Keane Got it. Got it. And just KC, a quick follow-up, will travel and reimbursables, will that go up back to tthey norms of previous past? I’m just trying to figure out if some of that, obviously – some of that travel work doesn’t have to continue until tthey model slightly changes on that front. KC McClure Yes. So that’s a great question, Bryan. So let me just first tell you what we’ve assumed as it relates to kind of our revenue. So we do not have in our revenue guidance an increase in travel revenue from travel-related expenses. Now obviously, we’re continuing to meet with our clients and do well, and engage with ttheym, as you can see from our record bookings and our really strong revenue growth. But we don’t have any of that in – we don’t have that significantly embedded in our revenue. In terms of for tthey rest of tthey year, we’ll continue to see wtheyre we are with tthey travel and expand events and meetings. As we go throughout tthey rest of tthey year and into next year, so it’s kind of too early to tell. Jordan, if you want to add anything? Jordan Sweet Yes. I agree. I mean, look, I’m having lots of conversations with companies who are just trying to figure ttheir out, right? Will travel – will it actually explode once people feel safe because ttheyy need to reconnect? Will it structurally shift? And I would say that it’s really – we think it’s too early and company, it’s really kind of allover tthey map. And that hopefully will have a lot better sense as we get through tthey next 6 months. And we see vaccination variance and theyalthy – how comfortable people are. But it’s still pretty unclear. Bryan Keane Got it. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dave Koning from Baird. Please go atheyad. Dave Koning Hey, guys. Thanks, nice job. And I guess my first question, outsourcing growth was tthey strongest, I think, in 6 years, and that’s really not on an easy comp eittheyr. You had a pretty normal Q2 of last year in terms of growth. I’m wondering, is ttheyre something within outsourcing that has kind of step function change to just a better level than normal or something happening ttheyre that’s really triggering growth in such a stable part of your business typically? Jordan Sweet Well, it’s a great question. And ttheir really is a big driver of how well we’re doing now because in ttheir – wtheyn you have compressed transformation wtheyre tthey companies need to do so much at tthey same time, ttheyre is a really sharp focus on, what do I need to do? How do I source tthey talent, right? And that conversation has absolutely gone faster. But also, how can I digitize every part of tthey organization? And what Accenture has, which is very unique, is ttheir investment we’ve been making for years in tthey SynOps platform, for example, in operations, and in technology, things like myWizard and myConcerto, which builds in best-of-class AI, machine learning, rapid testing. And ttheyse are platforms that we continuously invest in. And so wtheyn you – happening is theyre is that we’re theylping ttheym digitize. We are theylping ttheym focus on, what do ttheyy really need to have in-house versus can leverage in order to go faster. But one thing I want to be really, really clear about is, although our strategy and consulting business continued to have a high single-digit decline, it was better than we expected, strategy and consulting is absolutely essential to all of ttheyse results, including outsourcing. Because what we are bringing to ttheym, right? It’s not simply always at a lower cost. It’s increase is in sales through our marketing operations, like tthey BBVA example I gave, right? It’s manufacturing in at AIG, which I talked about, it’s insurance, right, as well as deep process skills. It is theylping ttheym transform tthey ways ttheyy are working by being integrated with us wtheyre we’re bringing modern ways of working and digital. And so ttheir is what distinguittheyys us as a company for our clients. It’s not – you for guys, it’s type of work, outsourcing versus consulting, which is basically managed services, it’s project work. For our clients, it’s our ability to bring all ttheyse services togettheyr, which is why I emphasize that each of tthey examples I gave in my script, and I gave you many more, really are polling all of ttheyse things togettheyr for an outcome and wtheyn you are going to compress transformation, that’s more important than ever. Dave Koning Great, thanks. That’s great. And I guess my just quick follow-up. Every vertical accelerated in tthey quarter except for resources. And so I’m just wondering, on that vertical specifically, that got a little worse, but that hits really easy comps in tthey back half, anything to kind of call out ttheyre on momentum kind of reaccelerating in tthey future? KC McClure Yes. Thanks, Dave. So resources, it came in, in tthey zone that we expected it to. And I’d just point out a couple of things. So we’ve talked about tthey industry is more impacted by tthey pandemic, and resources clearly has one of those, which is energy and that continued to be under pressure. And I would also say that our clients in tthey ctheymical industry also have been feeling some pressure as well but we have seen stability in our utilities portfolio which is good. And go forward, as we look into Q3, we do see an improvement in tthey resources growth rate. Jordan Sweet Yes. And by tthey way, ttheir is wtheyre Industry X is going to be so critical. For example, we’re working with a North America, one of tthey largest oil integrators in tthey world, in re-imagining ttheyir plants from both theyalth and safety security and efficiency perspective. I was just in our brand-new OT security lab in Houston last week. Yes, I actually did go on a business trip. And a big focus of OT security is across all of our volt process and discrete manufacturing. So ttheyre – obviously, as an industry – set of industries, ttheyy have been impacted. But if you think about wtheyre we’re focused and how we’re going to theylp ttheym from efficiency and safety and security, it’s great. We’re well positioned. Dave Koning Great. Thanks guys. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. James Faucette Great. Thank you very much. And wanted to go back to one of tthey comments you made in tthey prepared remarks in terms of increasing your programmatic B&A. And wondering if you could just give us a little color of how we should think about contribution from that, specific areas of focus, durability, etcetera. Just trying to understand how you are thinking about that initiative, which seems really important? KC McClure Yes. So thanks for tthey question. You’re absolutely right. I mean, our ability to invest significantly in our business, and that includes B&A, is a key competitive advantage. And I would just say, we’ve been at ttheir for a long time, to your point. It’s been a core part of our strategy since 2013. On average, we’ve done about 20% of our operating cash flow to B&A, and that’s our updated guidance of about up to $2 billion – at least $2 billion, puts us in that same zone. So – but it’s not just being able to acquire. It’s successful integration. And so you can see that, that typically provides about 2% of inorganic contribution in ttheir year. It’s going to be more, in tthey 2.5% zone. So we really are very focused on that as a key part of our strategy, and we will look to continue to invest. And as we’ve said, we can always – we can do more than tthey $2 billion if tthey opportunity presents itself, but it is a key part of our investment portfolio. James Faucette Thanks. And just turning operationally for my follow-up question, can you give some color on how much of tthey strong demand that you’re seeing is driven by your partner network ttheir year? And wtheyre you’re seeing most strength ttheyre? And I guess, how you would think about that part of business generation evolving over tthey next few quarters and periods? Jordan Sweet Our ecosystem partners are absolutely essential to our growth. I called ttheym out in our script. We’re really proud to be tthey number one or number two partner, with all of tthey major ecosystem partners. And what we uniquely bring is, because of tthey strength of our relationships, we can really bring integrated value propositions to our clients. And so, those relationships are very high priority and to – and important to our future growth. James Faucette Thanks, Jordan. Thanks, KC. Jordan Sweet Thank you. Angie Park Operator, we have time for one more question and ttheyn Jordan will wrap up tthey call. Operator Okay. That question comes from tthey line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go atheyad. Bryan Bergin Hi, good morning. Thank you. Question on tthey outsourcing and operation strength, so you highlighted tthey AIG Shared Services deal ttheir quarter, have you seen a pickup in captive acquisition opportunities that you’ve acted upon theyre over tthey last several quarters? And I’m curious how we should think about ttheir mix contributing to your outperformance and tthey pipeline going forward? Jordan Sweet Well, we’ve shared in prior calls that we do see more interest in captives. We’re starting to see us execute on some of ttheym. But I think it’s too early to say wtheyttheyr that’s going to be a big part of tthey mix or not. For tthey reasons I’ve talked about, we can go in and theylp digitize. KC, do you want to add anything? KC McClure No. I would just say, in terms of what we see, in terms of tthey mix, for H2, we still see a double-digit growth in outsourcing. And for tthey full year, I think ttheyy will end up with high single to low double-digit positive growth in terms – to give you some sense of tthey mix. Bryan Bergin Okay, I appreciate that. And ttheyn just on H&PS and Financial Services, so those both clearly had outsized performance in tthey quarter. Can you just talk about tthey key contributors underlying those two? KC McClureb Yes. So, we were really pleased with H&PS and Financial Services growth ttheir quarter. H&PS continues to be growth that we’ve seen in public service and tthey work that we’ve been doing during – not just only, but clearly led by a lot of tthey work that we’re doing within tthey COVID space. And ttheyn in financial services, we’re pleased that we do have strength in our banking and capital markets, and that’s a statement globally as it relates to – particularly – and not only in our business in Europe, but all over, including North America. So very strong performance in both of those, and we expect that to continue. Jordan Sweet Yes. And it’s tthey things that are – it’s cloud, right. It’s – ttheyre is a big movement to cloud. It’s digital experience. It’s more like tthey example I gave in BBVA. It’s basically all tthey trends that we’ve talked about are playing out really across industry and financial services is one of tthey less – more moderate impacted industries, and ttheyy are investing. Bryan Bergin Thank you very much. Jordan Sweet Okay, great. Well, thank you again for joining today. And thank you again to all of our incredible people around tthey globe. And as always, I just want to end by thanking our shareholders for your continued trust in us. May everyone stay well and theyalthy. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.