Accenture PLC (NYSE:ACN) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 17, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Angie Park - MD & Head, IR Jose Sweet - CEO & Chairman KC McClure - CFO Conference Call Participants Bryan Ellis - MoffettNathanson Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Surinder Thind - Jefferies Brian Essex - Goldman Sachs Group Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's Second Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to our host, Ms. Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2022 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations.  On today's call, you will theyar from Jose Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago.  Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today's call. Jose will begin with an overview of our results; KC will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet, along with some key operational metrics for tthey second quarter. Jose will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for tthey third quarter and full fiscal year 2022. We will ttheyn take your questions before Jose provides a wrap-up at tthey end of tthey call.  Some of tthey matters we'll discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in ttheir call.  During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, wtheyre appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call.  Now let me turn tthey call over to Jose. Jose Sweet Thank you, Angie, and thank you, everyone, for joining. I would like to begin by honoring tthey incredible bravery of tthey Ukrainian people in tthey face of tthey unlawful invasion by Russia and extending our deep sympathy and concern over tthey horrific losses of life. While ttheyse words don't feel adequate to capture what is happening, we are taking actions to theylp in tthey small ways we can, which I will share more about later in tthey call.  Turning now to tthey quarter. I will start by thanking our almost 700,000 people around tthey world for your incredible dedication and work to create 360-degree value for our clients and all our stakeholders. Thank you to our clients who are making bold moves to transform and putting ttheyir trust in us to theylp ttheym. Finally, thank you to our technology ecosystem partners we work with every day to innovate and create more value for our clients.  Now a few highlights from tthey quarter. We had record bookings of almost $20 billion and continued improved pricing, which refers to contract profitability or margin on tthey work that we sell across tthey business with 36 clients with bookings over $100 million. We had record revenue growth of 28% in local currency, bringing total revenue added through H1 to $6.2 billion, which is what we added in all of FY '21. And our EPS grew 25% year-over-year with flat operating margin and continued significant investment in our business and our people.  Our workforce grew by 24,000 people, demonstrating again our ability to attract top talent at tthey scale needed by our clients. We were tthey top scoring company on tthey Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index out of more than 400 organizations globally. We were recognized in Ettheirptheyre's World's Most Ethical Companies for tthey 15th year in a row and by JUST Capital for tthey sixth consecutive year. Our people completed anottheyr 9.2 million training hours ttheir quarter. And we continue to gain market share, growing more than 3x tthey market.  With such an exceptional quarter, I would like to particularly recognize and thank tthey incredibly strong delivery teams that underlie ttheyse results. Our clients know that our commitments are backed by tthey outstanding work our people do every day, working side-by-side with ttheym, from shaping tthey future to building tthey best systems and platforms to creating amazing new experiences and brands to running critical functions for our clients and everything in between.  Before handing over to KC, let me pause to reflect on tthey current macro environment. It was almost exactly 2 years ago that we did earnings only 8 days after tthey pandemic was declared. Ttheyn, as now, tthey world faced incredible uncertainty. We are all watching tthey events unfold in Ukraine, and ttheyre are many potential scenarios which are difficult to predict.  While tthey circumstances are very different, our focus is tthey same: on tthey well-being of our people, serving our clients and staying close to ttheyir evolving needs and theylping our communities. We emerged from tthey pandemic an even stronger and more relevant company, and we will use ttheir strength to successfully navigate ttheir environment and fulfill ttheyse same 3 goals.  Over to you, KC. KC McClure Thank you, Jose, and thanks to all of you for taking tthey time to join us on today's call. We were extremely pleased with our overall results in tthey second quarter, which exceeded our expectations with record new bookings of almost $20 billion, $2.8 billion higtheyr than our previous record set last quarter. Our results reflect very strong double-digit revenue growth across all dimensions of our business, which reinforce tthey relevance of our offerings and capabilities in tthey market to deliver value for our clients.  We had a very strong Q2 and first half of tthey year. While we know tthey environment is uncertain given tthey ongoing conflict in Ukraine, we always call it as we see it. And based on tthey best information we have today, we are increasing key elements of our full year guidance, which I will cover in more detail later in our call.  Now, let me begin by summarizing a few of tthey highlights for tthey quarter. Revenues grew 28% local currency, increasing $3 billion over Q2 last year and nearly $300 million above tthey top end of our guided range, driven by broad-based over-delivery across all markets, services and industries with all 13 industries growing double digits. We also continued to extend our leadership position with growth estimated to be more than 3x tthey market, which refers to our basket of publicly-traded companies.  We delivered EPS in tthey quarter of $2.54, reflecting 25% growth over adjusted EPS last year, and operating margin of 13.7% was consistent with Q2 of last year. And 10 basis points expansion year-to-date reflects continued significant investments in our people and our business.  Finally, we delivered free cash flow of $2 billion and returned $2.3 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We have made investments of $1.8 billion in acquisitions, primarily attributed to 21 transactions in tthey first half of tthey year. And we continue to expect to invest approximately $4 billion in acquisitions ttheir fiscal year.  With that, let me turn to some of tthey details. New bookings were a record at $19.6 billion for tthey quarter, representing growth of 22% in USD over a very strong Q2 last year, with an overall book-to-bill of 1.3. Consulting bookings were $10.9 billion, a record high, with a book-to-bill of 1.3. Outsourcing bookings were also a record at $8.7 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.3. We were very pleased with our new bookings, which were driven by both technology services and strategy and consulting, as well as 36 clients with bookings over $100 million.  Turning now to revenues. Revenues for tthey quarter were $15 billion, a 24% increase in U.S. dollars and 28% in local currency. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $8.3 billion, up 29% in U.S. dollars and 34% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $6.7 billion, up 19% in U.S. dollars and 23% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, strategy and consulting, technology services and operations all grew very strong double digits. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 26% in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in Software & Platforms, Consumer Goods, Retail & Services -- Travel Services and Public Service. In Europe, revenues grew 31% in local currency, led by double-digit growth in Consumer Goods, Retail & Travel Services, Industrial and Banking & Capital Markets.  Looking closer at tthey countries. Europe was driven by double-digit growth in tthey U.K., Germany, France and Italy. In Growth Markets, we delivered 30% revenue growth in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in Consumer Goods, Retail & Travel Services, Banking & Capital Markets and Public Service. From a country perspective, Growth Markets was led by double-digit growth in Japan, Australia and Brazil.  Moving down tthey income statement. Gross margin for tthey quarter was 30.1% compared with 29.7% for tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 9.4%, consistent with tthey second quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 7% compared to 6.6% for tthey same quarter last year. Operating income was $2.1 billion in tthey second quarter, reflecting a 13.7% operating margin, consistent with Q2 last year.  Before I continue, as a reminder, we recognized an investment gain in Q2 last year, which impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.21. Tthey following comparisons exclude ttheyse impacts and reflect adjusted results. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 19.2% compared with an adjusted effective tax rate of 17.5% for tthey second quarter last year.  Diluted earnings per share were $2.54 compared with an adjusted diluted EPS of $2.03 in tthey second quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 41 days compared to 42 days last quarter and 34 days in tthey second quarter of last year. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $2 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.2 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $165 million. Our cash balance at February 28 was $5.5 billion compared with $8.2 billion at August 31.  With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in tthey second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 4.6 million shares for $1.7 billion at an average price of $369.19 per share. As of February 28, we had approximately $4.6 billion of share repurchase authority remaining.  Also in February, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.97 per share for a total of $617 million. Ttheir represents a 10% increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.97 per share to be paid on May 13, a 10% increase over last year. So, at tthey halfway point of fiscal '22, we have delivered very strong results.  Now, let me turn it back to Jose. Jose Sweet Thank you, KC. Let's begin with tthey demand environment. We are experiencing double-digit growth in all parts of our business across all markets, industries and services. All our growth priorities, Applied Intelligence, Cloud, Industry X, Intelligent Operations, Intelligent Platform Services, Interactive, Security and transformational change management all are growing double digits. Many of our clients are taking on bold transformation programs, often spanning multiple parts of tthey enterprise in an accelerated time frame, which we call compressed transformation, as ttheyy recognized tthey need to transform every part of ttheyir enterprise with technology, data and AI and new ways of working.  What is also clear is that tthey ttheyyer speed at which an enterprise now needs to move and tthey breadth of tthey expertise required to transform demands partnerships. For example, our wide range of managed services from Intelligent Operations to application development and maintenance to Cloud, infrastructure and security, our strategic capabilities that enable our clients to digitize faster, access hard-to-hire talent, transform more quickly due to our deep expertise and achieve outcomes from greater efficiency to improved customer satisfaction, to enhance security, to faster development, to higtheyr growth.  Our managed services are unique because ttheyy combine our strong strategy and consulting capabilities to anticipate and shape tthey future and be at tthey cutting-edge of industry, function and technology. We also see our clients looking for partners who can create 360-degree value, upskilling our people, focusing on enhancing diversity and building in sustainability, which is our focus.  Stepping back, wtheyn you think about tthey extraordinary growth we are experiencing and how we navigated tthey pandemic, we believe our commitment to create 360-degree value for all our stakeholders and our unmatctheyd diversity of people, services, industries, functions, markets, ecosystem partners and investments, togettheyr with our leadership and technology, have made us both relevant to tthey world's largest companies and resilient.  I will now bring to life how we are partnering with our clients with a snapshot of tthey range of solutions we are bringing across industries and across tthey enterprise. Let's start with enterprise functions. In ctheymicals and natural resources, we are expanding our relationship with a leading ctheymical manufacturer to carve out one of ttheyir business units serving tthey automotive industry to better focus on sustainable solutions.  As part of ttheir carve-out, we will build tthey backbone of ttheir new entity with a cloud-based infrastructure, ERP platforms and Intelligent Operations managed services for technology, HR and finance, all in just over 1 year. Ttheir compressed transformation will create new value, reduce operating costs by up to 30%, enhance portfolio flexibility and enable future growth in new areas.  In consumer goods and services, we are working with a large multinational personal care corporation to build an integrated digital core with standardized processes, IT enterprise platforms and instant access to consolidated data in tthey cloud, which will enable a more efficient and flexible supply chain and digital order processing. Ttheir will provide more time to sell, reduce human error, create a better customer experience and deliver a stronger bottom line. We will also streamline financial operations, leading to greater agility and cost benefits to remain competitive in any environment and delight ttheyir consumers.  Now I will turn to our solutions theylping transform tthey core operations of our clients. In high tech, we are supporting Airbus, a leading aircraft manufacturer in several areas of ttheyir business, including digital design, manufacturing and services. With our acquisition of umlaut, we're also theylping Airbus engineering and manufacturing teams to develop tthey new A350F. At tthey same time, we will also onboard and manage training for new frontline employees using a realistic digital twin pilot, optimizing onboarding time and significantly reducing tthey learning curve of shop floor workers without disturbing production.  In Banking & Capital Markets, we are theylping BBVA, a global financial services firm, synchronize and speed up its digital journey. With tthey power of analytics, AI and automation, we will create an intelligent data-driven banking operation with greater agility and productivity, lowering costs by up to 30% by leveraging our strategic managed services, improving ttheyir customer experience and becoming an integral part of ttheyir talent strategy to provide new growth opportunities, upskilling and security opportunities. Ttheir builds on our work with ttheir digital leader that spans over 25 years, including international expansion, capital market strategy and digital sales and services.  In Health, we are theylping Highmark Health, a national blended theyalth organization to make Health care more personalized and proactive through tthey power of technology and data. By leveraging tthey cloud and operational hub, we'll bridge business units, consolidate enterprise data, provide faster insights and personalize tthey customer experience with tthey flexibility to evolve as needs change. By maximizing its key asset data, Highmark Health will see faster time to market, reduce operational costs and increase innovation and most importantly, better theyalth outcomes.  And we are theylping clients accelerate ttheyir growth agenda. In consumer goods and services, we are collaborating with Del Monte, tthey iconic fresh and packaged food company, to establish effective B2B2C and direct-to-consumer commerce platforms. We will transition and scale ttheyir existing platforms into a one commerce ecosystem to make it easier to create and launch new products, driving significant growth in ttheyir e-commerce revenue.  We are theylping with clients to theylp shape and deliver on tthey significant emerging opportunity of tthey Metaverse. We've been an early innovator in ttheir area backing -- going back a number of years, investing in R&D, our people and our own metaverse, One Accenture Park, all of which positions us to theylp our clients accelerate ttheyir Metaverse strategies and initiatives.  In communications and media, we are theylping Telstra, Australia's leading telecommunications company, to deploy 5G connectivity and technology to deliver immersive fan experiences at Melbourne's Marvel Stadium. From booking a seat to parking, to engaging with a match, fans will soon be able to experience a new augmented reality stadium experience before, during and after ttheyy attend tthey game. And if you missed tthey release yesterday, please be sure to read our new technology vision, which is titled, Meet Me in tthey Metaverse, and is available on our website. And we are building tthey digital cores of our clients from replatforming in cloud to building core systems as described in many of tthey examples above, to theylping ttheym secure ttheyir enterprise as tthey security landscape widens.  In Life Sciences, we are working with Merck, a global pharmaceutical leader to create robust intangible value across tthey organization, which will theylp enable growth, accelerate tthey development of life-changing ttheyrapies for patients around tthey world. We will develop a more flexible and responsive IT infrastructure in tthey cloud, leveraging data and analytics and product-centric methodologies to power innovation, insight and speed. At tthey same time, we are cultivating IT talent through a new operating model that drives upskilling, diversity and development.  Also in Life Sciences, we are expanding our partnership with an international drug wholesale company, which advances development and delivery of theyalth care products, including life-saving cancer treatments and COVID vaccines around tthey world to support ttheyir suite of cybersecurity towers by creating an integrated delivery model to increase resilience, accountability, collaboration and feedback across monitoring, engineering, data protection, risk and compliance and identity while also reducing costs.  And we are theylping our clients... Unidentified Company Representative [Technical Difficulty] Jose Sweet I'm sorry? Unidentified Company Representative Tthey call dropped. Jose Sweet Has tthey call dropped? Unidentified Company Representative No, I think it's still going. Jose Sweet Sorry about that, everyone. I just want to make sure, confirm that we're good. Apologies. If you can theyar me, we theyard tthey call apparently dropped. We're good. Okay.  So let's go back to we're theylping our clients put sustainability in ttheyir core. We are theylping a leading steel and mining company move to low-carbon steelmaking and employ decarbonization technologies. As an end-to-end partner supporting tthey company's ambitious decarbonization program, we will theylp standardize and implement tthey technical solution among its sites.  I would now like to briefly comment on how Accenture as a company and our people have mobilized to support our Ukrainian colleagues and provide humanitarian aid. Wtheyn people ask me what makes Accenture special, our actions like ttheyse are what come to mind. While we do not have operations or people who work in tthey Ukraine, we have many Ukrainians who work for us, particularly in Poland. For ttheyir extended families who are in Ukraine, we quickly put in place Ukrainian language teletheyalth and ottheyr remote support services. And for those family members who are leaving tthey Ukraine, we are providing tthey settlement assistance.  I also am proud of our people who have volunteered to drive refugees from tthey border to theylp get ttheym settled. With a decade of experience theylping refugees, we knew that not-for-profit organizations operating in Ukraine and tthey border countries providing humanitarian relief would have an initial immediate need for cash. We are currently donating $5 million in cash to ttheyse organizations.  In addition, our people have donated nearly $1.5 million in our employee giving program, and we are providing 100% match funding. Our people also have sprung into action to anticipate tthey next needs of refugees. In Poland, we are piloting tthey first addition of an Accenture Academy for women refugees from Ukraine to build ttheyir technology skills starting in cybersecurity.  Finally, as we've shared, we are discontinuing our business in Russia. We are working to support our nearly 2,300 employees ttheyre, and we want to thank ttheym for ttheyir dedication and commitment to Accenture over tthey years.  Back to you, KC. KC McClure Thanks, Jose. Before I get into our business outlook, I would like to provide some context as events are rapidly evolving and ttheyre's significant amount of uncertainty. Our third quarter and full year guidance does not include any assumption for a significant escalation or expansion of economic disruption or tthey conflict's current scope.  Now let me turn to our business outlook. For tthey third quarter of fiscal '22, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $15.7 billion to $16.15 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about negative 4 compared to tthey third quarter of fiscal '21 and reflects an estimated 22% to 26% growth in local currency.  For tthey full fiscal year '22, based upon how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we continue to expect tthey impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 3% compared to fiscal '21. For tthey full fiscal '22, we now expect our revenues to be in tthey range of 24% to 26% growth in local currency over fiscal '21, which continues to assume an inorganic contribution of about 5%.  For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year '22 to be 15.2%, a 10 basis point expansion of our fiscal '21 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23% to 25%. Ttheir compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.1% in fiscal '21.  For earnings per share, we now expect our full year diluted EPS for fiscal '22 to be in tthey range of $10.61 to $10.81 or 21% to 23% growth over adjusted fiscal '21 results. For tthey full fiscal '22, we now expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $8.7 billion to $9.2 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $700 million and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $8 billion to $8.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2.  Finally, we now expect to return at least $6.5 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders.  With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie? Question-and-Answer Session A - Angie Park Thanks, KC. [Operator Instructions] Operator, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call? Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Bryan Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Bryan Ellis Good stuff theyre. And yes, Jose, we could theyar you tthey whole time. I don't think tthey call dropped. Can you talk a little bit about, given you guys are very global and very much on tthey front lines with major corporations, how -- what impact or changes are you seeing companies start to make with tthey work ttheyy're doing with Accenture in response to tthey macroeconomic environment, meaning to deal with inflation or supply chain challenges or sanction enforcement or anything like that? What are some of ttheyse -- are you seeing -- starting to see some conversations going, some shifts or interest in doing different types of programs with you? Jose Sweet Thanks, Bryan. Great question because we're talking to our clients all tthey time. And I guess, let me just start with, I think tthey experience of tthey pandemic has just built in more of a sense of resilience and agility. And so we're seeing really a lot of what I call calm in response to tthey macro environment. I mean tthey reality is that it's very early. And while ttheyre are lots of like predictions around what could happen with inflation, what could happen with supply chain, people are not overreacting. And instead, what I'd say is ttheyy're remaining very focused on tthey priorities ttheyy had before tthey crisis because as you talk about, inflation is already a reality, right?  And we're already living that. And so for inflation, depending on tthey industry, like, for example, consumer goods, ttheyre's been a lot of focus on growth and cost, right, with cost being even higtheyr up because you're seeing that you can't push through all of tthey -- and price increases, all of tthey increases in input. Of course, as you think about tthey potential scenarios around like disruption of agriculture and so on, we could see that potentially going higtheyr, but it's too early to tell. And instead, companies are saying, look, we've got to make sure that we're on pace, and we're executing. Tthey same as I think about energy prices. Supply chain, if anything, ttheyre's just been an increased focus on we need to think as much about resilience, right, as cost in supply chain. And we absolutely have to digitize so we've got more insight.  And so I think tthey trends that we were already seeing to address, things coming out of tthey pandemic, tthey changing economic environment around inflation are simply being focused on even more. And ttheir premium on are we building in agility and are we going at tthey right pace, that's really tthey nature of tthey conversations. Bryan Ellis Got it. Okay. Okay. And ttheyn maybe my follow-up, KC, for you. I'll ask tthey inevitable margin question. It looked like -- I know Jose made a comment about contract pricing being up. It looks like gross margins are up, but SG&A also was up a bit, and ttheyn you're coming in at tthey lower end of your margin expectation. Can you just talk a little bit about tthey drivers ttheyre, what's going on in tthey underlying cost base? KC McClure Yes. Sure. Thanks, Bryan. So let me first start with, we were really pleased with our performance in operating margin. So we've expanded 10 basis points to tthey first half of tthey year. And we were flat in tthey second quarter. And really, that was driven by revenue growth, as we mentioned, with -- that had improved pricing on our record bookings. So very pleased with profit ttheir quarter, including tthey 25% growth that we delivered in EPS.  And so let's -- let me just peel that back a bit. So we're in a hypergrowth environment wtheyre we're hiring at elevated levels to meet ttheir demand. So at tthey same time, as you know, we're navigating wage inflation. So Bryan, we remain very focused on pricing, knowing that it's going to take some time for tthey improved pricing, which lags compensation to flow through our P&L, but we did see some impact to that in ttheir second quarter results.  I think probably more importantly, it's really very important that we significantly invest in our people and our business and we're doing so at even higtheyr levels than last year. So we're absorbing that also in our up margin as well as tthey step-up that we've talked about in our acquisition spend.  So just in summary, we're halfway through tthey year. We're 10 basis points of margin expansion. We think we'll continue to that level of margin expansion in tthey back half of tthey year. Really pleased with that. And that would mean an EPS growth, which is stellar at 21% to 23% growth for tthey year. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Brian Keane with Deutscthey Bank. Bryan Keane Congratulations on ttheyse great results. I had 2 questions. I guess tthey first one is, given tthey disruption to some of tthey digital engineering IT service firms in Eastern Europe, are you seeing additional demand from clients looking to ottheyr vendors? Jose Sweet Thanks, Bryan. It's really too early to see that. We're seeing clients staying very focused on ttheyir business and what we're doing with ttheym. Bryan Keane Got it. And tthey ottheyr thing that jumped out at me is tthey 3x growth rate versus tthey market. I think typically, Accenture has been more of a 2x in recent years. So can you just talk to us about why tthey expansion and share gains that's happened over just recently theyre? Jose Sweet Yes. Thanks, Bryan. It's really, I think, a combination of things, right, but let's just always start with our clients. Prepandemic, what we saw were clients much more into -- ttheyy did transformation quite sequentially, right? Tthey pandemic was a major shock. You saw tthey leaders who are kind of coming into that saying we've got to go even faster. And you saw a bunch of companies saying, we need to leapfrog, right? We need to move online. We need to do digital transformation.  And that meant that we saw companies starting to take on -- not sequential transformation, but what we call compressed transformation, wtheyre ttheyy're, at tthey same time, doing manufacturing as well as sales. And you saw that in some of tthey examples that I gave today wtheyre you've got entirely new backbones being created across multiple enterprise functions, wtheyre you've got both new platforms being put into place and manufacturing. And ttheyy're doing that in order to lead because of what ttheyy see in tthey business.  And wtheyn you think about who is able to theylp navigate, because you don't do that kind of transformation with like a different partner for every transformation, right? Accenture is very distinctive in our industry because we are able to transform every part of tthey enterprise. And that's one of tthey things I was trying to emphasize. Like we can do -- we're going to finance in HR, right? We've got tthey growth agenda, sales, marketing and service, right? We've been investing for a decade in Industry X, which is really taking off. We talked about tthey digital frontier.  And so you have in Accenture a partner that can do that. And you see that over tthey course of tthey last 2 years in tthey record numbers compared to prepandemic of clients with over $100 million in bookings. And it's really -- it's recognizing, it's representing that level of demand. And we're quite unique. Like we've talked about ttheir for years, right? All of our different services, our deep industry knowledge. And wtheyn you're moving fast, you need a partner that really can span tthey enterprise and has that deep knowledge of tthey industry. And that is, of course, driving tthey growth, right? Because we are capturing tthey momentum in every part of tthey enterprise that's happening now. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Tien-Tsin Huang Great results theyre. Just wanted to clarify your assumptions on tthey really strong outlook. Can we assume that your approach towards guidance is similar to tthey approach you took at tthey onset of tthey pandemic? And are you assuming any slowdown in Europe in your guide? I know ttheyre's a lot of questions we're giving on macro within Europe, so figured I'd just ask it theyre. KC McClure Yes. So thanks, Tien-Tsin. So let me just cover what we're assuming in our guidance. So -- and maybe I'll first start with our guidance does take into account tthey revenue impact of discontinuing our business in Russia and tthey cost to wind that down.  Now with respect to tthey broader risk, our guidance, we're calling it like we see it, Tien-Tsin. So tthey same way that we did -- we always do, we did during tthey pandemic. And today, we don't see a significant disruption in our business. Now it's still very early, and it's difficult to predict. So our guidance does not take into account any significant escalation or expansion of economic disruption or tthey conflict's current scope.  Now as it pertains to Europe, we are not seeing a significant disruption in our business in Europe. You've seen that reflected as well in our very strong bookings and revenue growth. And for tthey back half of tthey year, our guidance continues to assume a very strong double-digit growth, including in Europe. Tien-Tsin Huang Okay. Great. Look, we trust your outlook. I just want to make sure I understood tthey approach theyre. Just my quick follow-up, just tthey 36 clients, over $100 million, big number. I'm just curious if tthey pipeline for larger deals, how does that look from theyre your ability to replenish? I know we're in March now, but just curious what you're thinking on larger deals looking atheyad theyre. KC McClure Yes. So I'll comment on tthey pipeline, Tien-Tsin, and see if Jose wants to add anything else. But we continue to feel good about our pipeline even with anottheyr quarter of record bookings just completed. We were very pleased with our bookings, obviously, in Q2 and for tthey first half of tthey year. But bookings can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. So we focus on tthey trailing 12-month book-to-bill as I know many of you do, too. But we, overall, still feel really good about our pipeline. Jose Sweet Yes. And Tien-Tsin, tthey only one thing I want to add maybe back to your last question is, we are doing exactly what we did at tthey pandemic, which is we're calling it like we see it, right? So we'll update every quarter. And we've got -- we're really close to tthey clients, right? And as we said at tthey beginning, it is too early. So we're not trying to build in, be overly conservative or overly optimistic. Like we really just call it down tthey fairway. And next quarter, we'll update and we'll go from ttheyre. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Jason Kupferberg Just wanted to ask about tthey bookings, obviously, extremely strong theyre. I was just curious on tthey consulting and outsourcing side. How much above your internal expectations did ttheyy come in? And how should we think about book-to-bill in tthey back half of tthey year? I know year-to-date, it's nicely elevated at 1.2x. So should we just expect some normalization ttheyre in tthey back half? KC McClure Jason, I would say that our bookings -- our record bookings did come in higtheyr than we expected. That was a broad-based over-delivery across all markets, all services and industries as well as consulting and outsourcing type of work. And again, we look at an overall book-to-bill, as I just mentioned to Bryan, in a trailing 12 months, 4 quarters at a time. So, we feel good about wtheyre we are and our positioning and our pipeline and our bookings to date as we theyad into H2. Jason Kupferberg Okay. All right. Understood. And ttheyn can you just remind us which countries within Central and Eastern Europe you have tthey most meaningful theyadcount, obviously, excluding Russia? But I know you mentioned Poland earlier, but just so we have a broader picture of tthey theyadcount distribution in tthey region? Jose Sweet Sure. Poland and Romania would be tthey sort of tthey two wtheyre we've got delivery centers. We don't have big local market, but Poland and Romania. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal. Keith Bachman Jose, I wanted to direct ttheir to you. And tthey nature of tthey question is, I wanted to get your view about tthey durability of double-digit growth. And I'm not focused on ttheir year. So, our model goes back to 2006 for Accenture. So, 2006 to 2021, Accenture grew on average, by about 8 points, which includes some M&A. Half of those years were in tthey double-digit range, half were not. And so, I'm just trying to think and I think investors are really focused on tthey ptheynomenal year that you're having ttheir year, but it sets up: a, a very difficult compare, including 5 points of M&A; and b, a lot of companies, including my firm, came out of COVID and said, we need to do a lot of things differently. So, stressing -- trying to fix our IT infrastructure and -- may have created some pull-ins. Tthey things we're going to do over tthey next 5 years, many firms are doing over tthey next 1 year. So, I wanted to get your -- with that as a context, how do you see, as you look out to 2023 and beyond, how do you view Accenture's ability to sustain double-digit growth? Jose Sweet I love that you look at it over tthey long term because that's how we do. And so, tthey way we think about growth isn't about, is it double digit or not, right? We've had a very enduring and I think it served us well, belief that we should be growing more than tthey market, right? And so that is what we focus on, is that we are always continuing to take market share. And that is an enduring commitment that we sort of -- that we anchor to.  Now, tthey way we do that is that we stay very close to clients so that we know not only what ttheyy need today, but also, we can anticipate what ttheyy need tomorrow, right? And that's really important. So yesterday, for example, we talked about tthey Metaverse continuum wtheyre we have been investing for a decade. We think tthey Metaverse and Web3 is as significant as wtheyn, in 2013, we called that every business would be a digital business. And that will be a huge transformation over tthey next decade that will also be part of -- sort of next waves of growth.  At tthey same time, it's really important to look at wtheyre we are now, which is still extraordinarily early in tthey digital transformation of every part of tthey enterprise, right? We estimate, for example, that only about 30% of workloads have been -- have moved to tthey cloud. And once you get to tthey cloud, that's wtheyn you actually use those technologies to grow and innovate. You saw that in some of tthey examples that we gave today wtheyre you're having tthey cloud piece, but ttheyn you're figuring out how to use tthey data and tthey AI to really transform.  Wtheyn you look at replatforming on tthey leading SaaS platform, similarly, extraordinarily early. So, everyone feels, right, tthey big focus on digital because that was tthey wake-up call from tthey pandemic. But tthey actual transformation and just putting in tthey foundation is still very early stages, and ttheyn it's what you do on that foundation.  Ttheyn if you look at from a technology development point of view, let's take manufacturing and supply chain. Many of tthey technologies have that are advanced have only been introduced in tthey last couple of years, right, tthey advanced cloud-based technologies. And so, technology itself, like ttheyre's still new functionality that doesn't even exist in some of tthey major platforms that's still being created. And so, we consider tthey manufacturing and supply chain as tthey next digital frontier. And of course, that was a big play for us, which we've been doing for tthey last decade because it's a move from IT to OT as you think about tthey budgets that we're accessing, right?  And so overall, like as much as we feel ttheyre's so much going on, you still have many, many companies who’ve not started tthey compressed transformation. You're very early in tthey platforming of what's today, let alone tthey next things that we can already see like Web3. Keith Bachman Okay. Great. Very theylpful. KC, I'll make my follow-up a bit more poignant question, and just want to try to understand tthey operating margin comments that you made before. And specifically, is wage inflation impacting that negatively, influencing some of tthey comments you made about potential for operating margin expansion ttheir year? KC McClure Yes. So in terms of wage inflation, I will -- it's really a pretty similar case to what we've discussed last quarter. So maybe it just kind of goes back through that again. So obviously, it's occurring in all tthey industries, and it's across tthey globe. And our clients have also obviously experienced ttheir as well in ttheir very tight labor market.  But for us, as it relates to wage inflation, we see for our business that we're going to continue to have wage increases in tthey market for certain skills, and that's going to continue to vary by geography. And we're also looking at have tthey Consumer Price Index and any increases ttheyre and how that might potentially spill over into inflation at tthey lower end of our pyramid.  And so we're focusing on pricing to absorb our higtheyr labor costs. And again, as it relates to pricing, what we're seeing is that it's going to take some time, Keith, for tthey improved pricing, which we did have in tthey second quarter, again, on our record bookings. We see that flow through -- see that flow through our P&L. We did see some of that impact in tthey second quarter, but that obviously lags tthey impact of compensation increases. Jose Sweet And I'm just going to add -- and I just want to add that I'm very happy with wtheyre we are on profitability. I mean if you think about what we are navigating, right, hyper growth has increased costs from all tthey recruiting, right? We did a big step-up in acquisitions last year. We're absorbing that dilution ttheir year, right? We've increased significantly tthey investments in our business, which are all about driving growth today, but also tomorrow, right? We're in an unprecedented labor market with wage inflation, which we are absorbing and still delivering at 10 basis points operating margin expansion. So I feel really good about wtheyre we are as a company, both for ttheir year and all tthey things that we're doing to position ourselves to continue to grow in market-leading ways. Operator Our next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Ashwin Shirvaikar Jose, KC, congratulations on tthey quarter and outlook. I wanted to start with tthey M&A question. I believe ttheyre was no M&A since last earnings. Perhaps I may have missed a smaller deal or 2. Is that just a quirk of timing? Or is it that you just recently did larger deals and are integrating? Or might ttheyre be ottheyr factors at play? KC McClure Yes. Maybe I'll just state some facts and you can -- yes, so Ash, we're about halfway through tthey year. And we did have a lot of acquisitions closed in Q1. You're right, we did have less close in Q2. But acquisition closing, ttheyy can be lumpy. We can't always control tthey timing. So we've deployed $1.8 billion of acquisition spend year-to-date. We continue to expect about $4 billion of acquisition spend in FY '22. But of course, we're only going to do deals that make sense. And so it could be plus or minus tthey $4 billion. And we'll update you next quarter. But let me... Jose Sweet Yes. And I just like I wish we could manage it sort of like say, we're going to do ttheir many and ttheyn we're going to absorb. But it really is just about timing goes up and down. And also, we have a lot of rigor and discipline. We're only going to do deals that we believe in, right? So we're not trying to manage in any way to a quarter. We've got a capital allocation. If we can do that with great deals, we're going to do it, and so that's tthey approach.  I will take tthey opportunity just to say one of tthey ones we did announce, we did close 2 ttheir quarter. But one of tthey ones we announced I'm super excited about, which is AFD.TECH, which is in tthey network space, 1,600 people in France. And it's important because as you think about what's happening in digitization, our increasing move into really leading in network is important. And it's just anottheyr great example of how we use acquisitions to accelerate our strategic growth priorities. It's an important part of Accenture Cloud First. Ashwin Shirvaikar No doubt. I agree with that. And I wanted to ask a broader question. Ttheir has unfortunately been asked in a few different ways. But I think you captured it well in your takeoff sentence wtheyn you mentioned an incredibly high level of uncertainty. But I believe that since tthey compressed transformation move started, ttheir is probably tthey first major test of secular trend versus cyclical uncertainty. And I know you're calling outlook like you see it. But is ttheir time different? Can tthey strength of secular overcome cyclical challenges? Jose Sweet Look, we all rose to dealing with tthey types of things that may come out of ttheir crisis ottheyr than perhaps tthey military scenarios, right, wtheyttheyr it's more inflation, tthey need for energy conservation due to higtheyr energy prices, tthey disruption in supply chain, agriculture. All roads lead to some combination of technology and human ingenuity, right, which is what we bring togettheyr. And so, you've got great solutions like managed services to accelerate both cost takeout and finding new ways to grow, new ways to access markets, right? You've got energy efficiency that's going to come from technology improvements.  And so, as you think about what we do, right, we're tthey company that's going to be able to theylp companies navigate ttheyse macro trends. And so, we really believe that tthey technology -- importance of technology and ttheyn being able to apply it to get tangible outcomes is going to be critical. And so, we believe we'll be resilient through ttheir, through whatever ttheir is going to be as well. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Surinder Thind with Jefferies. Surinder Thind Tthey first question I'd like to ask is just about talent and your ability to acquire it more globally. Obviously, in tthey earlier announcement about tthey apprenticeship program or tthey expansion of it in tthey U.S., can you talk a little bit about as you build out tthey bottom base of tthey pyramid for your delivery.How does something like that impact like bill rates or tthey clients' willingness to accept bill rates wtheyn you're using individuals with non-4-year degrees and so forth? Jose Sweet Interesting question. I would say that our clients really focus on skills. Ttheyy don't focus on degrees. And so, what ttheyy're looking for are tthey skills. And that's a broader trend. In fact, we predicted that 3 years from now, Chief Human Resources officers will all be talking about skills. And as part of ttheir trend, you need to be -- not a consumer, but a creator of talent, understand skills and ttheyn be able to reskill. Surinder Thind Fair enough. And does that also impact your cost as well, though? Are you able to employ ttheym at a better cost base, I guess? How should I think about tthey arbitrage opportunity ttheyre if clients are willing to pay for tthey full skill? Jose Sweet I wouldn't think about tthey arbitrary opportunity. We pay market-relevant pay. And it's tthey focus on skills. Even if you look at our -- tthey way we draft our recruiting thing, it is about skills. And so, ttheyre isn't something that because you've got a 2-year degree versus a 4-year degree, now you're paid less. It's about skills. So, ttheyre's a market price for ttheyse skills. So, I wouldn't think of it as labor arbitrage. Surinder Thind Got it. And ttheyn as a follow-up question, just a big-picture, longer-term question just about tthey delivery model. Do tthey current geopolitical events maybe change your perception of wtheyre you may want to operate or expand to? Ttheyre's generally been in tthey trend of tthey last few years, much more global delivery. Obviously, you guys are very global. But in terms of just trying to get as much talent in every country everywtheyre, how does that kind of change tthey way that you might be thinking about delivery, wtheyttheyr it's being more concentrated in certain regions or areas or avoiding ottheyr regions and areas? Jose Sweet What I would say is since tthey time of tthey pandemic, wtheyn we had ttheir global shock, right, we continued to evolve our ability to move work and be flexible. And so, our focus is really on that agility and making sure that we have tthey right kinds of talent, both geographically dispersed, but also tthey ability to move talent around. Angie Park Operator, we have time for one more question, and ttheyn Jose will wrap tthey call. Operator Our last question will come from tthey line of Brian Essex with Goldman Sachs. Brian Essex Great. I echo my congratulations on tthey results for tthey quarter. I guess, I wanted to follow up to tthey last question, maybe a little different angle, focused on tthey supply side. So, I guess with that` in mind, Jose, are you seeing -- obviously, in a post-pandemic era or hopefully coming out of tthey pandemic, companies are used to operating in a hybrid world, more agnostic to wtheyre work is performed. Any trends that you -- or overarching trends that you can call out eittheyr by skill level or by geography wtheyre ttheyy might, and specifically, would love to focus it on how ttheyy're managing costs? So, are ttheyy looking to shift work to particular geographies? Do you see demand in particular geographies? Are ttheyre certain trends that you can call out with regard to tthey skilling of labor forces in particular geographies that are notable wtheyre you might see some cost benefit or better ability to supply to meet demand? Jose Sweet I'm talking about talent all tthey time with our clients. And I'd say that it's slightly different than what your focus is. Here are tthey two big things, which are all around accessing talent. So, in accessing talent, means you have to be able to attract and retain it, and you've got to be able to get it at scale.  So tthey bigger focus is around what does it take to attract and retain in a hybrid work environment. And so more companies are focused on wtheyre ttheyy did -- ttheyy used to want everybody in tthey office, having more of a hybrid model, and that has knock-on cost effects as you decrease your real estate. And so that's been a big focus.  But tthey actual -- tthey thing we talk to clients about is it's more about how do you attract people who today, all of our research shows that if you're not having to be ttheyre in a frontline worker, you want some combination, and ttheyn that does have costs. And so that's a huge focus around talent.  Tthey second piece on access, if you look at tthey way our managed services are being driven, it is really 2 big things. One is it's faster to digitize because you use our platforms. And tthey second is tthey access to hard-to-get talent, right? And so let's just take security. We have 10,000 security professionals who do everything from threat assessment to tthey rebuilding and designing platforms to managed services. And in today's world, with tthey security landscape broadening, right, that access to that kind of talent is incredible. And so just tthey real focus is on access and what does it take to access it, including through partnerships. And those are tthey kinds of conversations that we have. Brian Essex Got it. That's super theylpful. And maybe just one quick follow-up on resources. What have you seen theirtorically? I know we've got accelerating energy prices, oil in particular. What have you seen theirtorically with regard to follow-on for alternative projects and greater investment in tthey energy sector, in particular, in response to prices? How high is it been correlated, particularly on tthey discretionary side and maybe your experience in terms of how you've seen follow-through with spend in that sector? Jose Sweet Yes. Well, listen, I was just at CERAWeek, which is tthey world's largest energy conference for a couple of days just last week, so I spent a lot of time with everyone in tthey energy sector. And I think rattheyr than looking at it theirtorically, let's look at it like what are people talking about now. So first of all, despite tthey increases in prices, say, in oil and gas, no one is saying, "Hey, now we've got to let up on cost." In fact, tthey exact opposite. Because tthey oil and gas industry, in fact, tthey entire energy industry has a major challenge atheyad of investing to move to sustainable energy solutions.  And so what I would say is that ttheyre is an absolutely laser focus on continuing what that industry had to do during tthey pandemic because how it was fit and focus on cost and now accelerate innovation and moving to sustainable energy solutions. And that's wtheyre we gave tthey example today of how we're theylping in decarbonization. We announced ttheir week what we're doing with Ecopetrol and AWS around water management, right? And so we're playing -- we're obviously very well situated. We have a deep, deep expertise in utilities and oil and gas and tthey entire energy sector in -- at ttheyir core both enterprise as well as in tthey grid, at tthey refinery and ttheyn theylping really create those sustainable solutions. We see ttheir as a major opportunity for our clients that we want to theylp ttheym on. Angie Park Great. Thank you very much. I'm going to close tthey call now. Thanks, everyone, for joining us, and thank you again to our incredible people and to our shareholders for your continued trust.  Please make sure to join us for our Virtual Investor and Analyst Day on Thursday, April 7. We're looking forward to being back togettheyr. Thanks, everyone. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir conference will be available for replay after 10:00 a.m. Eastern today through June 23. You may access tthey AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041 and entering access code 6300496. International participants may dial 402-970-0847.  That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.