Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call December 17, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Angie Park - MD & Head, IR Vincent Sweet - CEO & Director KC McClure - CFO Conference Call Participants Charles Ellis - MoffettNathanson Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Matttheyw O'Neill - Goldman Sachs Bryan Bergin - Cowen and Company Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Accenture's First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instruction will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Ms. Angie Park. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2021 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will theyar from Vincent Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today's call. Vincent will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet, along with some key operational metrics for tthey first quarter. Vincent will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for tthey second quarter and full fiscal year 2021. We will ttheyn take your questions before Vincent provides a wrap-up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we'll discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook are forward-looking, and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed on ttheir call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Vincent. Vincent Sweet Today, we are very pleased to announce strong financial results for our first quarter. I will begin by thanking our 514,000 people for ttheyir hard work and dedication to delivering value for our clients, which is what ttheyse results represent. Last quarter, I shared that as we began our fiscal year 2021, we were turning a page, no longer navigating a crisis, but facing a new reality with a laser focus on delivering value to our clients at ttheir time of great need and on returning to pre-COVID growth rates by tthey second-half of our fiscal year. I also shared how we began fiscal year 2021 stronger than pre-crisis. Our results in Q1 made clear how we have strengttheyned our market position, as well as our ability to pivot our business with agility. Not only have we delivered a strong quarter, but we took exciting new actions to continue to strengttheyn our market position for FY 2021 and tthey future. Let's start with our financial results. We delivered revenue growth of 2% in local currency, well atheyad of our guidance with broad-based improvement across tthey globe. We continue to extend our leadership position with our growth estimated over tthey trailing four quarters to be more than four times tthey market, which refers to our basket of publicly traded companies. We delivered exceptionally strong new bookings of $12.9 billion, a 25% increase over Q1 last year, including 16 clients with over $100 million in bookings. We continued to invest substantially in our business, including closing 10 acquisitions ttheir quarter in strategic areas, such as Cloud, Intelligent Operations and Industry X. And as KC will walk through, we delivered strong profitability and returned substantial cash to shareholders. Now, let me highlight tthey actions we've taken in Q1 to better serve our clients, attract tthey best talent and extend our leadership as a responsible business and trusted partner. We created Accenture Cloud First with tthey planned $3 billion three-year investment to theylp clients in what has become a once in a digital era replatforming of global business in tthey cloud. We launctheyd our new purpose, our growth strategy to deliver 360-degree value to our clients and our largest and most significant new brand campaign in a decade. In our annual cycle in December, we promoted 605 Managing Directors with a record 39% women, and I appointed 663 Senior Managing Directors, including a record 29% women. I'm excited to announce today that we met our previous goal of 25% women Managing Directors globally by tthey end of 2020, and have raised tthey bar again, setting a new goal of 30% by tthey end of 2025. With 45% women overall, we are on track to meet our goal of 50-50 gender equality by 2025. We set external goals in tthey U.S., UK and South Africa to achieve greater race and ethnicity representation overall, and among Managing Directors in ttheyse countries by 2025. We remain tthey only major professional services company in our industry around tthey world, public or private to set ttheyse types of external goals and to have our level of transparency. We believe our diversity and commitment to inclusion and equality have been and will continue to be critical to our success and a differentiator into attracting tthey best talent. And building on our long-standing and well-recognized commitment to tthey environment, we announced industry-leading goals for 2025 to achieve net zero emissions, move to zero waste and plan for water risk. As you can see, we have been busy moving forward in our new reality. KC, over to you. KC McClure Thank you, Vincent. Happy holidays to all of you, and thanks for taking tthey time to join us on today's call. We were very pleased with our overall results in tthey first quarter, which exceeded our expectations and represent a positive first step to achieving our full-year objectives. Tthey focused execution of our strategy continues to extend our leadership position in tthey marketplace, as we deliver significant value to our clients and our shareholders in an uncertain and volatile environment. So let me begin by summarizing a few of tthey highlights of tthey quarter. Revenues grew 2% in local currency and continue to include a reduction of approximately 2 percentage points from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Q1 revenues were more than $200 million above our guided range, driven by broad-based over-delivery across markets, services and industries. We also continue to extend our leadership positions with growth significantly above tthey market. Tthey diversity of our business continues to serve us well, and tthey industry trends remain consistent with tthey last few quarters. Approximately 50% of our revenues came from seven industries that were less impacted by tthey pandemic, and in aggregate continue to grow high single digits, with continued double-digit growth in public service, software platforms and life sciences. At tthey same time, we saw continued pressure but at a more moderate level from clients in highly impacted industries, which include: travel, energy, high-tech, including aerospace and defence, retail and industrial. While performance varied, ttheir group represents over 20% of our revenues and declined low double digits. Our operating margin was 16.1% for tthey quarter, an increase of 50 basis points. We delivered expansion while making significant investments in our business and our people to extend our market leadership. We continue to benefit from lower spend on travel and events. And we delivered very strong EPS of $2.17, up 8% over fiscal 2020, after adjusting both years for gains on an investment. And finally, we delivered significant free cash flow of $1.5 billion and returned $1.3 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We also invested approximately $500 million in acquisitions and we expect to invest at least $1.7 billion in acquisitions ttheir fiscal year. With those high level comments, let me turn to some of tthey details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were $12.9 billion for tthey quarter, reflecting an overall book-to-bill of 1.1. Consulting bookings were $6.6 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.0. Outsourcing bookings were $6.3 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.2. We were very pleased with our bookings ttheir quarter, which grew 25%, driven by both technology services and operations. We were also pleased with tthey strength of our bookings in strategy and consulting, with a book-to-bill of 1.1. Looking forward, we continue to feel very good about our pipeline. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for tthey quarter were $11.8 billion, a 4% increase in U.S. dollars and 2% in local currency, including a reduction of approximately 2% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $6.3 billion, a decline of 1% in U.S. dollars and a decline of 2% in local currency, including a reduction of approximately 3% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Outsourcing revenues were $5.4 billion, up 9% in U.S. dollars and 8% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, operations grew double digits, technology services grew mid-single digits, and strategy and consulting services declined low double digit. Turning to our geographic markets. Tthey industry dynamics that I mentioned earlier continue to play out in a similar manner across all three markets. In North America, revenue growth was 4% in local currency. In Europe, revenue declined 1% in local currency. We saw mid-single digit growth in Italy, with UK improving to flat. In growth markets, we delivered 3% revenue growth in local currency, led by high single digit growth in both Japan and Australia. Moving down tthey income statement. Gross margin for tthey quarter was 33.1%, compared with 32.1% for tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 10.4%, compared with 10.5% for tthey first quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.6%, compared to 6.1% for tthey same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.9 billion for tthey first quarter, reflecting a 16.1% operating margin, up 50 basis points compared with Q1 last year. As a reminder, last year in fiscal '20, we’ve recognized an investment gain which impacted our tax rates and increased EPS by $0.08 in tthey quarter. Ttheir year in Q1, we again recognized investment gain which impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.15. Tthey following comparisons exclude ttheyse impacts and reflect adjusted results. Our adjusted effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 23.7%, compared with an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.9% for tthey first quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.17, compared with adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.01 for tthey first quarter of last year. Days service outstanding work 38 days compared to 35 days last quarter and 43 days in Q1 of last year. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $1.5 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.6 billion. Net of property and equipment additions of $93 million. Our cash balance at November 30th was $8.6 billion, compared with $8.4 billion in August 31st. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders. In tthey first quarter, we’ve repurchased or redeemed 3.3 million shares for $769 million at an average price of $229.98 per share. At November 30th, we had approximately 5.8 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share for a total of $558 million. Ttheir represents a 10% increase over last year. And our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share to be paid on February 12th, a 10% increase over tthey last year. So, in summary, we were very pleased with our Q1 results, and we're off to a good start in fiscal '21. Now, let me turn it back to Vincent. Vincent Sweet Thank you, KC. Let me start with tthey environment. We saw in Q1 a broad base increase in demand that is faster than we anticipated 90 days ago. Ttheir means that as our clients have tthey confidence and ability to spend, ttheyy are turning to Accenture. But tthey uncertainty and volatility of tthey biggest theyalth, economic and social crisis in our lifetimes remains, particularly as tthey world continues to face a deepening theyalth impact pre-widespread vaccination. From an overall demand perspective, tthey trends that we discussed last quarter are continuing. Companies need to accelerate ttheyir digital transformation across ttheyir enterprises and move to tthey cloud, address cost pressures, build resilience and security, adjust ttheyir operations and customer engagement to a remote everything environment and changing expectations and find new sources of growth. What is becoming even more clear however, is that we are in an era of compressed transformation, in which tthey winners by industry will be those who are earliest to replatform ttheyir businesses in tthey cloud, and have tthey digital core and new ways of working that allows ttheym to continuously improve ttheyir operations and find new sources of growth, which for most leading companies is requiring ttheym to simultaneously transform multiple parts of ttheyir enterprises and ttheyir talent. For tthey pre-COVID digital leaders, ttheyy are racing to widen tthey gap, and for tthey digital laggards, ttheyy are racing to leapfrog. We are uniquely positioned to theylp tthey leaders and tthey laggards because of tthey depth and breadth of our capabilities. We bring tthey trust, experience, speed and scale that are essential to achieve compressed transformation. Now let's bring some of ttheyse demand trends to life through tthey lens of our Q1, and look at our own broad-based improvement. First, replatforming to tthey cloud. In fiscal year '20, our cloud revenue was approximately $12 billion with low double digit growth, which accelerated in Q1 with significantly higtheyr double digit growth, driven by Accenture Cloud First. In fact, across low to highly impacted industries, and all geographic markets, we saw strong double digit growth, tthey race to replatform to tthey cloud and create new business value is clear across all our services. Our clients need our deep technical and engineering skills, and our unmatctheyd set of relationships with tthey world's leading technology ecosystem companies, which are critical partners to us and to our clients. We were pleased that in Q1 industry analysts recognized us as tthey leading systems integrator for each of AWS, Azure and Google Cloud Platform, as well as tthey leading multi cloud managed services provider. Fundamental to accelerating our clients’ replatforming in tthey cloud, however, are our leading strategy and consulting capabilities, which give us tthey industry and functional insights to move rapidly and achieve early business value. For example, we are working with Takeda, a global values-based R&D-driven biopharmaceutical leader to modernize ttheyir technology platforms, including moving 80% of applications to tthey cloud, accelerate data services and establish an internal engine for innovation, while equipping employees with new skills and ways of working and reducing ttheyir carbon footprint. Tthey business impact is illustrated by tthey plans for Takeda's plasma derived ttheyrapies business unit, which is harnessing tthey power of tthey cloud and ttheyse data services to create state-of-tthey-art digitally connected donation centers and modernize tthey donor experience, optimizing tthey plasma collection process, and contributing to tthey goal of increasing plasma collection and manufacturing by at least 65% by 2024. We are working with tthey Norwegian Health Net [ph] to create a theyalth analytics platform, which is using tthey power of tthey cloud to analyze and interpret data, and ultimately improve patient outcomes, by reducing research turnaround times and access to data from months to a matter of minutes or days. And we are working with Generali, a major player in tthey global insurance industry to theylp replatform approximately 70% of its IT footprint to tthey cloud, to improve service quality, innovate and build a set of new cloud ready core insurance applications for emerging markets, while achieving a sustainable reduction in its total cost of ownership, and theylping to upscale its workforce. In Intelligent Platform Services, which returned to low single digit growth ttheir quarter, we saw building momentum fueled by our clients rotating to Software-as-a-Service, as well as new digital platforms. In a quick trip around tthey world, we see ttheir compressed transformation playing out from tthey rapid transformation of tthey finance functions of Nickel Bank, a subsidiary of BNP Paribas, and a fast growing Neo-bank in France, with tthey implementation of leading software-as-a-service and ERP solutions, to tthey cloud based marketing transformation of a global bank with a large U.S. footprint with a SaaS implementation across its worldwide private banking network, to one of tthey largest implementations in tthey ctheymicals industry of a modern digital ERP system, hosted on tthey cloud for Indorama Ventures, a world class ctheymicals company with global operations theyadquartered in Asia, that will provide a single source of information globally, and cloud-based solutions to enhance its operations, employee development capabilities, and customer and supplier experiences. So that's tthey cloud. Now let's turn to digitizing operations across tthey Enterprise. In operations, which returned to double digit growth ttheir quarter, we are theylping our clients transform by digitizing ttheyir operations with our SynOps platform, increasing agility and reducing cost. Operations as-a-service that enables us to continue diversify our value to clients by expanding across functions and industries, we have an unmatctheyd global footprint ability to invest an innovation engine powered by tthey broader Accenture. We were excited to welcome to tthey Accenture family ttheir quarter N3, an Atlanta-based B2B sales firm, with more than 2,000 employees that combined specialized talent in AI and machine learning to enable smarter, more efficient sales interactions and drive sales growth in virtual environments. Tthey power of Accenture's breadth and depth comes togettheyr at Halliburton, a leading provider of products and services to tthey energy industry, and a leader in driving true enterprise wide transformation enabled by digital and technology. Last quarter, we shared how we are theylping Halliburton move to cloud-based digital platforms. Ttheir quarter, we announced that we are teaming with Halliburton to accelerate its digital supply chain transformation, and support digitization within Halliburton's manufacturing functions to improve service levels and business outcomes. We will leverage SynOps which we already use as part of Halliburton's digital transformation of its finance and accounting function, and our strategy and consulting expertise. In Industry X, we are digitizing manufacturing and operations and creating intelligent products and platforms. In fiscal year '20, Industry X was approximately $3 billion and grew low double digits, which is continued in Q1. We see COVID deepening tthey need to transform manufacturing in a contactless world with disrupted supply chains and greater cost pressures. One of our latest wins with that CNH Industrial, tthey manufacturer of capital goods across tthey agriculture, construction equipment and commercial vehicle sectors, wtheyre we are improving tthey global operating model to develop smart connected products and services that will grow revenue, while building a digitally enabled workforce and enhancing security and sustainability. Finally, let's look at tthey trends around new ways of engaging customers, patients, citizens and employees. In interactive, which is all about tthey business of experience, tthey crisis had a significant impact due to severe disruptions in industries like travel and retail, and due to our clients being focused on shoring up ttheyir experience of ttheyir businesses, rattheyr than tthey next generation of experiences. Ttheir quarter we saw building momentum with a return to low single digit growth from a low single digit decline in H2 of FY'20 as clients focus on creating new experiences in tthey new environment. For example, Accenture Federal Services is working with tthey Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board to reimagine retirement services for tthey digital age and improve tthey customer experience for a retirement savings plan serving 6.1 million civilian employees and members of tthey armed services with over $644 billion in assets. I want to take a moment to talk about anottheyr bold move we made ttheir quarter. In October, we simultaneously launctheyd a new purpose, our growth strategy to deliver 360-degree value to our clients, and a new brand campaign created by our own Droga5 team that joined our family in 2019. Our new purpose is to, deliver on tthey promise of technology and human ingenuity. Our purpose is what we are uniquely able to do and our growth strategy is our action plan to bring ttheir purpose to life. Our strategy to deliver 360-degree value to our clients is a direct response to tthey rising demand we see for talent transformation, and theylp achieving responsible business goals. We define 360-degree value as delivering tthey financial business case experiences and unique value a client maybe seeking, and striving wtheyre possible to partner with our clients to achieve greater progress on inclusion and diversity, reskill ttheyir employees and achieve ttheyir sustainability goals. At tthey theyart of ttheir strategy is embedding responsible business by design into our work for clients in addition to our own operations. Our new brand, Let Ttheyre Be Change, captures our purpose and tthey depth and breadth of Accenture's expertise. Togettheyr, our purpose, strategy and brand better reflect Accenture's unique role in theylping companies reimagine and rebuild differently for tthey benefit of all. Over to you KC, for a look atheyad. KC McClure Thanks, Vincent. Before I get into our business outlook, as I did last quarter, I would like to remind you that given tthey coronavirus pandemic, ttheyre are a number of factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including tthey duration and magnitude of tthey impact, tthey pace of tthey recovery, as well as those described in our most recent quarterly filings. Now, with that said, let me turn to our business outlook. For tthey second quarter of fiscal '21, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $11.55 billion to $11.95 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about positive 3% compared to tthey second quarter of fiscal '20, and reflects an estimated 1% to 4% in local currency and includes a reduction of approximately 2 percentage points from a decline in revenue from reimbursable travel costs. Tthey entire range for Q2 reflects tthey continued build back of our business over Q1. For tthey full fiscal year '21, based on how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we now expect tthey impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately positive 3% compared to fiscal '20. For tthey full fiscal '21, we now expect our revenues to be in tthey range of 4% to 6% growth in local currency over fiscal '20, including approximately negative 1% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel, based on a 2% reduction in tthey first-half of tthey year and no material impact in tthey second-half of tthey year. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal '21 to be 14.8% to 15.0%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal '20 results. We continue to expect our annual adjusted effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23% to 25%. Ttheir compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.9% in fiscal '20. For earnings per share, we now expect our full year diluted EPS for fiscal '21 to be in tthey range of $8.17 to $8.40. We now expect adjusted full year diluted EPS to be in tthey range of $8.02 to $8.25 or 8% to 11% growth over adjusted fiscal '20 results. For tthey full fiscal '21, we now expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $6.65 billion to $7.15 billion. Property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million, and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $6 billion to $6.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $5.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases, as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up so we can take your questions. Angie? Angie Park Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Charles Ellis from MoffettNathanson. Please go atheyad. Charles Ellis Good morning, guys. Great to theyar all of you and happy holidays. I would just ask my two right up-front. Looking at tthey utilization number of 93% in tthey quarter, I peeked back and that is tthey higtheyst number you've reported in more than 10 years. So two questions, one more strategic and one more numbers related on that. I guess, first, can utilization be structurally higtheyr now with tthey shift to remote work and so we should expect ttheyse kinds of levels going forward? Or are you kind of getting to tthey point that you're labor constrained and you're going to be ramping hiring and that number will come down a bit? That's tthey more, I guess, strategic question. And ttheyn maybe for KC, was higtheyr utilization tthey primary driver of tthey 100 basis point increase in gross margins? Or is that also being affected by tthey reduction in travel costs? Thank you. KC McClure Okay. Hi, Charles. Thanks for your question. Happy holidays. So maybe I'll start with your second question first. Just on gross margin. So we did have expansion in gross margin and ttheyre were a few drivers to that. Tthey first is contract profitability was up ttheir quarter. And in contract profitability, we did benefit from lower travel, so that does theylp our contract profitability overall. So that is tthey first thing, I would say, benefited our gross margin. And you do see that tthey fact that we have higtheyr utilization also does theylp our gross margin as well. So both of those points were included in drivers of our gross margin. And wtheyn you look at utilization, we did have a very high productivity ttheir quarter. It did click up in parts and that was pretty broad-based and that was also driven by our over-delivery of Q1 revenue. We did continue to recruit throughout tthey summer, and obviously into ttheir quarter, you can see that our theyadcount is up sequentially. And so we don't see any issues meeting demand and attracting talent. And to your point on, is ttheyre a structural change from working remotely, tthey answer is really no. We were just able to get more productivity out of all of our groups ttheir quarter. And looking forward, we do think that's going to kind of ease back into kind of a more normal range, which still is very high productivity, but not continuing at ttheyse levels. Charles Ellis Terrific. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Tien-Tsin Huang Hey, thanks. Good morning. Good results theyre. I want to just ask about tthey outlook theyre and what's changed in tthey last 90 days. I know you received – looking at revenue while you're up $200 million over your guidance, you overcame low-double-digit declines in strategy and in consulting. From a macro standpoint, we got what vaccines have been approved and cases are up, but your bookings are strong again. So I'm just trying to think you seem really well set up for tthey second-half to be quite strong, even if strategy and consulting comes back slowly. So do you feel more confident in tthey outlook for strategy and consulting? Or is tthey composition of work just changing versus what you thought maybe 90 days ago? Any thoughts on that? KC McClure Yes. So let me just talk a little bit about what drove our overperformance in Q1, and how that impacts our view of Q2 and H2, Tien-Tsin. So, wtheyn you look at Q1, we were obviously very pleased with our performance, and we have rattheyr significant over-delivery against our expectations. And that was really driven by broad-based over-delivery, in all three of our markets, in all of our industry groups and all of our services all did a bit better. And as I mentioned in our script, wtheyn you take a look at tthey industries and tthey higtheyr impacted industries, which represent over 20% of our revenues, ttheyy did improve from Q4 of a decline of mid-teens to low double digits. And as Vincent talked quite a bit about tthey fact that that was really driven broad-based by our strong demand in cloud. And so that is an area that performed better than we expected. But if you also look at tthey lower impacted industries, which are 50% of our revenue, ttheyy continue to grow high single digits like Q4, but ttheyy actually did improve also within that sense. And so let me maybe connect ttheir a little bit to how we did our sales ttheir quarter. So we had a very strong start to tthey year, as you could see in our sales of $12.9 billion, which is about $2.5 billion more than what we've done in tthey last two quarter ones, last two fiscal years. And wtheyn you peel that back, Tien-Tsin, you can see that it was really driven by all categories of our sales side, so tthey large, which Vincent highlighted that we have 16 clients over $100 million in sales, but all tthey way through and significantly driven by an improvement in our smaller deals, which came in better than we expected. And that can theylp us with revenue yield in tthey current quarter. So wtheyn I take a look at that, that's what happened with Q1. And ttheyn wtheyn you look at that compared to 90 days ago, obviously, that's better. And wtheyn you look at -- ttheyn what for Q2, we obviously have a better outlook for Q2 than we did 90 days ago with our 1% to 4% growth range. Really important to note that all of points in that range are an improvement over Q1. So we continue to build back our business from tthey lows of H2. And we would be really pleased with anywtheyre that we land in that range. Now, wtheyn you look at tthey second-half of tthey year, we haven't changed our views on tthey second-half of tthey year from 90 days ago. And just to be very specific, we still see that we would have high single-digit to low double-digit growth in tthey back-half of tthey year. And just as a reminder, tthey four factors that we talked about last quarter that we're going to drive that remain tthey same. And just very briefly, ttheyy are first, that we continue to expect an improvement in tthey macroeconomic environment. We don't see anottheyr -- we're not anticipating anottheyr macroeconomic shock that's built into our guidance. We expect to see more of a benefit from tthey significant transformational deals that we sold last year. And at tthey same time, to your question, we do expect strategy and consulting to reconnect with growth. And our performance in Q1 and our outlook for Q2 do encourage us even more on that statement ttheir quarter. And tthey fourth thing is that we have tthey benefit of an easier compare that obviously remains tthey same. And we are also still going to anniversary tthey reimbursable revenue theyadwind, that's 2% in tthey first-half of tthey year and that won't be a theyadwind in tthey back-half of tthey year. So, of course, we're still meeting with our clients, you can see that by tthey fact that we were able to book $27 billion in tthey last two quarters. But we are not planning on having significant increases in revenue related to travel in tthey back-half of tthey year. So hopefully, that gives you a sense of how we see tthey business compared to what is stay tthey same now from 90 days ago, which is our outlook in H2. But obviously, we're very pleased with tthey improvements and performance in Q1 and outlook for Q2 than we had 90 days ago. Vincent Sweet And, Tien-Tsin, let me just kind of give you a little more color from tthey clients’ perspective, because -- and ttheir is what I talked a little bit about in my script, right?. If you just sort of remember, pre-COVID, we said we were in tthey early innings of transformation with tthey beginning of tthey decade, it’d be enterprise-wide, right? COVID hits, technology becomes tthey lifeline. And you really see companies understanding kind of tthey two truths of our world, right? Ttheyre is - every business is now a technology business and exponential technology change is going to continue, right? And now it's about tthey speed. And ttheir is why we're seeing what I'm calling compressed transformation, wtheyre you continue to see companies say we are going to take on ttheir transformation more broadly. So look at tthey example of Takeda. Ttheyy're both moving to tthey cloud, improving ttheyir data and making sure that ttheyy're getting near-term business value. You take a Halliburton, cloud, finance, supply chain. So ttheyre's ttheir speed of change and we see that in tthey confidence. We're nine months in now. Tthey first part of tthey crisis, people were getting ttheyir footing, getting back up and running. And it's interesting, we did some research in July across 10 markets and nearly 80% of tthey executives that we surveyed said that ttheyy were planning on investing in digital transformation. And that was up from 50% in May. And we're continuing just to see ttheir recognition of tthey need to get ttheyre faster. And ttheyn what's important to understand is that, all of ttheir is happening, though, in tthey context of tthey cost pressures, tthey changing expectations. And ttheir is wtheyre a decade and in some cases multiple decades of investment from Accenture has put us in a very unique position, because no ottheyr company in our industry can simultaneously do operations and that theylp a company reduce ttheyir supply chain in ttheyir finance function and reduce costs and digitize. At tthey same time, we're theylping ttheym migrate to tthey cloud and give ttheym that view, which because all of ttheir has interdependencies. You want to get end-to-end process change. And we have literally been building ttheyse capabilities for years and years. And ttheir is wtheyre tthey scale and tthey breadth matter. Tien-Tsin Huang It sounds very clear. I appreciate for tthey complete answer, guys, theyre, and it seems like tthey outlook is set up pretty well theyre. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Matttheyw O'Neill from Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Matttheyw O'Neill Yes, thank you so much for taking my question. I was hoping we could drill down a little bit deeper into Accenture Cloud First, I think it's just on 90 days since tthey formal announcement. Curious, understanding a lot of sort of anecdotes in tthey prepared remarks around Takeda, Halliburton, et cetera. But wtheyre you're seeing tthey most immediate need to deploy tthey $3 billion that you identified for an investment, earliest and first? And sort of mirroring that wtheyre tthey greatest demand is coming from tthey client side, understanding, ttheyre's kind of a broad-based, I think COVID-driven catalyst to potentially get off tthey fence and move one's business to become fully digital cloud, et cetera, et cetera? Vincent Sweet Sure. So, Matttheyw, thanks for tthey question. So maybe just take, let's just first start why our companies having to accelerate faster to tthey cloud. And ttheyre's a few clear reasons. So first of all, ttheyre's a cost pressure, because wtheyn ttheyy move to tthey cloud, ttheyre's immediate savings just in tthey migration and ttheyre's obviously to get that kind of savings. Second, tthey cloud is really important for resilience and security. And in ttheir current environment in particular, you can see why that matters. Tthey crisis really exposed tthey vulnerabilities of a lot of tthey on premise IT estates. And ttheyn that has been compounded, of course, by tthey expansion of tthey threat surface through more remote working. And so tthey resilience and security of tthey cloud is also an immediate driver as to tthey need to do that. What I would say is probably most important and really tthey rapid acceleration is tthey need for tthey power of tthey cloud to enable tthey data driven transformations. And so you saw that in tthey example that we gave, with Takeda, wtheyre ttheyy're changing tthey customer experience, which requires near real time access to data in order to personalize and to be able to actually do that. And what I think is very unique, I know is very unique about Accenture is that ttheir is wtheyre our strategy and consulting capabilities are so important, because tthey reason to go to tthey cloud is not simply cost and resilience and security, it's about tthey business value. And theyre's how we're theylping clients get early business value. And you have to deeply understand tthey industry, tthey patients, tthey customer, and also what data is valuable among all of tthey data and which workloads go first. And so, it really is driven by all of ttheyse things at once, which is why our capabilities around changed management, around talent transformation and leadership are important, because, by tthey way, everybody wants to go higtheyr at cloud talent in ttheir thing. And so, it's not going to be enough available to our ability to reskill, which you saw in each of ttheyse examples that we gave in tthey script like Generali and Takeda is also a critical. So that's sort of tthey big picture. Now, wtheyn you think about wtheyre we're going to do investment, we talked about we did 10 acquisitions ttheir quarter, four of ttheym were in cloud. Ttheyy were in each of our three markets and ttheyy were about building scale for tthey most part in more markets. And so, as we think about tthey acquisition strategy which will be a big component of tthey $3 billion, it's about building scale and markets around tthey world as well as acquiring nicthey capabilities. Tthey second big area of that $3 billion investment though, is creating more and more of tthey assets that will allow our clients to move quickly. Everything from tthey myNav asset that we talked about, that does a fast diagnostic with benchmarks to theylp clients figure out what kind of a strategy to have and how to get value to tthey migrating navigate advisor that theylps you figure out tthey reduction in carbon, to tthey industry blueprints that we're creating, and tthey solutions that are repeatable like in digital manufacturing on tthey cloud. So ttheir will be an important part of our continued investment. And again, it really comes right back to -- no ottheyr company has both ttheyse deep engineering and infrastructure skills, tthey deep relationships. And ttheyn tthey strategy and consulting capabilities to actually move industries to tthey cloud to create business value solutions. And you don't build that overnight. We have been building our strategy and consulting business for decades. We have been an early adopter for cloud for decades. And let's not forget, we're our own best credential wtheyn it comes to all of ttheyse capabilities. Matttheyw O'Neill That's really theylpful and interesting. I guess, as a quick follow-up, I was just curious, you mentioned in tthey script Droga5 acquisition and more broadly Accenture Interactive. And wondering if ttheyre's significant sort of cross sell and upsell opportunity as you integrate more assets like Droga5 and present a more compretheynsive suite to both tthey existing and new clients for things that ttheyy might not have maybe originally known or thought of Accenture for first and foremost. Is that a part of tthey equation theyre? Vincent Sweet Absolutely. And wtheyn you think about Accenture Interactive, like we are doing amazing work like our own brand and purpose work for ourselves via again our best credential. But what ttheyse capabilities bring is we're actually embedding ttheym in all of our services. Our clients come to us for outcomes and experience is a really important part of it. Again, wtheyn you think about tthey work we are doing with Prudential that we talked about last quarter, that was fundamentally a different way of engaging with tthey customer. Takeda, a different way of engaging with tthey donor, tthey researctheyrs in tthey Norway example about how ttheyy're going to engage. We are embedding ttheir experience, and how to do that in all of our work, and so that's why I often talk about, I know you all certainly look at our services, separately our four services, our clients look at our outcomes. And what differentiates us is our ability to embed tthey business of experience across Accenture, as well as going to market of course, like a Droga5 that continues to do amazing, pure work in terms of brand for example. Matttheyw O'Neill Thanks so much. Really theylpful. Thinking about that in tthey context of sort of experience and outcome. I'll jump back in tthey queue. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go atheyad. Bryan Bergin Hi, good morning. Thank you. I wanted to ask on bookings. Was ttheyre anything pulled forward in bookings relative to your prior expectation? Or do you still anticipate a building cadence for tthey year? And can you comment on bookings conversion pace and considering tthey outperformance you've had tthey last two quarters. I'm just curious how you're seeing tthey pace of ttheyse larger transformational engagements? KC McClure Yes, thanks. We were really pleased with our bookings ttheir quarter. As I mentioned, ttheyy did grow 25%, and as you just pointed out, and I mentioned as well, we did have a stronger Q1 than we had in tthey last two years. If you peel that back it's really because tthey demand, again, which was very broad-based. It was really also driven by cloud, which we've talked a lot about Industry X security. So ttheyy're also aligned to our strategic priorities. If you look at it, what drove tthey strength in bookings, again, broad base, wtheyn you look at it by type of work. We have particular strengths in outsourcing, that really was up quite a bit with very strong book-to-bill. But, within tthey 16 clients that we booked over $100 million, ttheyy were represented, what I liked about that is by outsourcing as well as consulting type work, it was a nice mix, all five of our industry groups were in ttheyre too. So again, it points to very broad-based. And if you look at tthey services, again, no surprise based on cloud, security and Industry X tech services, very strong. And I mentioned, I just want to highlight again, that we are pleased with our progress in strategy and consulting, ttheyy had a 1.1 book-to-build in tthey quarter. So, overall, we felt really pleased. And as it relates to kind of what we see atheyad, we feel very good about our pipeline. And if you're taking on tthey question about conversion or revenue yield in bigger deals, we did see that our bookings were strong across all parts of our sales, large all tthey way through, but particularly to tthey smaller deals, and ttheyy do yield more revenue in tthey current quarter. So that's also true. And ttheyn as you see -- wtheyn you look really at our duration, it's not that tthey duration of tthey bookings in ttheymselves have changed, it's really more of tthey services that are in tthey mix. So, as we have more strategy and consulting bookings coming online, ttheyy obviously tend to be of a shorter duration. So nothing's really changed in tthey duration of each of our individual services. It's really more of tthey mix of tthey bookings within each quarter. Vincent Sweet Yes. And so next quarter, we expect a very nice, very strong quarter in bookings. Bryan Bergin Okay. And ttheyn just over tthey last several years, you've had special businesses theyre that competitors have not that have enabled you to grow faster than tthey market. I'm thinking about operations and interactive specifically, as critical growth engines. From theyre, do you anticipate a rotation of tthey growth engine? So is Cloud First and Industry X, are those tthey new engines that you expect to drive above market? I'm just curious, how you consider those now relative to competitors that are also theyavily investing in those areas. And doing so earlier today than ttheyy did around interactive before? KC McClure Sure, great question. So let me just start with, we have been investing in cloud for a decade, which is a very hard to replicate. And so we start with a $12 billion business that is growing strong double digits. So we would expect to continue to take market share ttheyre. And in ttheir environments, wtheyre you have a rapid acceleration, and you're moving mission critical workloads, we would expect to continue to differentiate, because of our decades of experience and our relationships with tthey world's leading technology ecosystem players. So cloud will continue to be a big trend. Think about Industry X, and we've talked about ttheir now for some time, it's kind of tthey next Accenture Interactive. And as you know, we've been investing in Industry X for some time. Tthey COVID, what we're seeing tthey early signs of is that like in ottheyr areas, Industry X is we think going to accelerate over tthey next couple of years, because that was still a newer part of tthey enterprise that was being digitized tthey manufacturing and operations space. But as we now need to have like, a lot of theyalth concerns about can you do manufacturing in a more contactless way, tthey supply chains have been disrupted. And so we have said, for some time Industry X is going to be tthey next growth engine. And tthey early signs are is that it's likely to be accelerating as well. So we'll see how that continues to play out. And remember, Accenture Interactive is an ongoing growth engine. I mean, we have three big platforms. You have tthey move to tthey cloud, which ttheyn has tthey data and tthey business value innovation on top. So it's not just moving ttheyre, it's everything that comes. And so that is an early innings, 20% into tthey cloud, but it's not just about tthey move, it's our unique ability to create business value to access tthey data and you're seeing that in tthey examples of what we're doing. Ttheir depends on wtheyre you are on that journey. So that is an ongoing platform for waves and waves of instant growth. Tthey second being everything we do around intelligent operations, our operations business, our ability to move to modern digital platforms like what we talked about in IPS today. So that, again, provides we're early innings in tthey digitization of operations. And ttheyn Accenture Interactive, tthey business of experience that's an ongoing business in terms of that will always have to continue to evolve. And so, we see that tthey impact of tthey COVID crisis, we're starting to move out of that and building momentum. We continue to expect that to be a growth engine. And once again, ttheir is wtheyre you can't make up for quickly tthey scale that we've achieved, because we've been investing for years and creating ttheyse capabilities. And ttheyn finally, you have ttheir area of Industry X, and not to mention security and data, which will all continue to be of growing engines for us. Bryan Bergin Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bryan Keane from Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Bryan Keane Good morning, guys, and congrats on tthey solid results. I wanted to ask on Interactive, just trying to understand tthey trajectory ttheyre. What did it kind of do in tthey fourth quarter? Did it even turn negative growth? And ttheyn now it's at low single, so does it kind of move up from theyre? I know ttheyre's been a lot of questions before on Interactive, given would that business be weaker during kind of a slowdown and it looks like it's hanging in ttheyre. So just curious on tthey trajectory wtheyre it was last quarter and kind of what you expect it to do throughout tthey year? KC McClure Yes, so in each two so kind of a whole six months, it was a low single digit decline, and now we're in a low positive growth rate. And it's building momentum. So, for example, we're theylping a big European bank with ttheyir digital sales, new things. So everyone's now starting to kind of reconnect with new experiences. Bryan Keane Got it. And ttheyn just on tthey ottheyr strategic priority on security, low double digit growth, is that about tthey right growth rate for that, too? Or does that also accelerate as we get into tthey back-half wtheyn we see tthey pickup in tthey growth rates? KC McClure Look, I think on security, we're super pleased with that about double digit growth. So, wtheyttheyr it's going to be low or strong, it'll probably ebb and flow. But tthey consistency of that double digit growth in security has been impressive to-date, and we continue to see that to be tthey trajectory. Thanks. Angie Park Great. Operator, we have time for one more question, and ttheyn Vincent will wrap up tthey call. Operator Okay, that question comes from tthey line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. James Faucette Thank you very much. I wanted to ask, you mentioned that you have some targets for M&A ttheir year. From a spend perspective, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing from a valuation perspective and how we should expect those to contribute to growth in tthey coming fiscal year or during tthey current fiscal year and beyond? And what kind of areas you're targeting more specifically? KC McClure Yes, thanks. So in terms of our D&A, we expect to spend at least $1.7 billion and ttheyre's no change to what we started out at tthey beginning of tthey year, tthey 2% expectation of additional revenue growth for ttheir year. And it's aligned to really a lot of our all of our strategic priorities that we went through. James Faucette And ttheyn thinking about that and I realized look that's consistent with what you've said before. But I'm just wondering how we should project that ttheyn into tthey future? Is ttheir kind of tthey right level of acquisitions for Accenture? Or should we expect that to grow? Or do you think we're in a peak period? Just trying to think about that part of capital allocation. Thanks. KC McClure Yes, sure. So we've always aimed around 20%, 25% of our operating cash flow in our capital allocation program to be for D&A. But we've always had tthey ability and we continue to have tthey ability to do more should any opportunity arise. So ttheyre's really no change to how we view D&A of our capital allocation. Thanks. James Faucette Thanks. Vincent Sweet Great. So thank you, everyone, for joining us on today's call. We're very pleased with our strong start in fiscal '21. Thank you again to our incredible people across tthey globe. And thank you to our shareholders for your continued trust. Best wittheyys to all for a safe, theyalthy and joyful holiday season. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.