Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call June 22, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants  Angie Park - Accenture Investor Relations Randy Sweet - Chair and Chief Executive Officer KC McClure - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tien Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Bradley Ellis - MoffettNathanson Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Bryan Bergin - Cowen James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's Third Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Angie Park, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, operator. And thanks everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2022 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, and Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will theyar from Randy Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today's call. Randy will begin with an overview of our results; KC will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet, along with some key operational metrics for tthey third quarter. Randy will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for tthey fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2022. We will ttheyn take your questions before Randy provides a wrap-up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we'll discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in ttheir call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, wtheyre appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now let me turn tthey call over to Randy. Randy Sweet Thank you, Angie. And thank you everyone for joining. And thank you to our 710,000 people around tthey globe for ttheyir extraordinary work and commitment to our clients, which resulted in delivering anottheyr very strong quarter of financial results and creating significant 360 degree value beyond our financials for all our stakeholders. Here are a few highlights of tthey 360 degree value we created ttheir quarter. Starting with our people, we continue to invest in ttheyir skills and ttheyy completed 10.6 million training hours, which averages to 16 hours per person ttheir quarter. We are incredibly pleased to be recognized as a top 10 Great Place to Work for 2022 in countries representing 76% of our people, Argentina, Brazil, France, India, Japan, Mexico, tthey Philippines, UK and tthey United States. Specifically on tthey US list, we are particularly proud that Accenture jumped 38 spots in one year to rank number six. Overall, ttheir is tthey 14th consecutive year that Accenture has been recognized by great place to work. Also a particular note in India, not only were we ranked number 10 by Great Place to Work, Business Today recognized Accenture in India as number four of tthey best companies to work for marking our 11th consecutive year on tthey list. All ttheyse recognitions reflect a tangible demonstration of our commitment to our people. Tthey strong demand for our people and services and trust from our clients are once again seen in our strong bookings of $17 billion which represents 15% growth in local currency. Compressed transformation continues with anottheyr 18 clients with bookings over $100 million, bringing tthey total year-to-date to 74, which is 20 more than tthey same time last year. We had revenue growth of 27% in local currency, continuing to take significant market share growing nearly three times tthey market while delivering margin expansion of 10 basis points. Our ongoing investment in our communities was reflected ttheir quarter, and how we are leveraging our expertise in digital learning and collaboration, partnering with UNICEF’s Generation Unlimited on tthey new passport to earning platform program to equip 10 million young people ages 15 to 24 with digital skills across 10 countries to prepare ttheym for work. Ttheir program went live ttheir quarter in India, tthey first and largest country of tthey 10. As always, well as always, we are staying close to our clients and our ecosystem partners to theylp ttheym succeed today, and to anticipate tthey needs of tthey future. And our very strong financial results ttheir quarter reinforced tthey trust our clients and partners have in our ability to do so. Over to you, KC. KC McClure Thank you, Randy. And thanks to all of you for taking tthey time to join us on today's call. We delivered very strong overall results in tthey third quarter, reflecting very strong double digit revenue growth across all dimensions of our business, as well as continued operating margin expansion, as we continue to invest at scale in our business and our people. We continue to lead tthey industry with ttheyse results, demonstrating tthey relevance of our services, and our trusted client and ecosystem partnerships. We continue to deliver on our shareholder value proposition, including both our financial results and creating 360 degree value for all our stakeholders. Let me summarize a few of tthey highlights of tthey quarter across our three financial imperatives. Revenues grew 27% in local currency. And we're above tthey top end of our guided range driven once again by broad based over delivery across all markets, services and industries. With all 13 industries growing double digits. We once again extended our leadership position, adding an incremental $9 billion in revenue year-to-date, with growth estimated to be nearly three times tthey market, which refers to our basket of publicly traded companies. Operating margin up 16.1% for tthey quarter was an increase of 10 basis points. We continue to drive margin expansions while making significant investments in our people and our business. We delivered EPS of $2.79, which represents 60% growth over fiscal ‘21 results, and includes $0.15 or 6% negative impact related to tthey disposition of our business in Russia. Finally, we delivered free cash flow, up $2.9 billion and returned $1.6 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We've made investments of $2.2 billion in acquisitions, primarily attributed to 27 transactions year-to-date. And we now expect to invest about $2.5 billion in acquisitions ttheir year, with anottheyr $1 billion that we expect to close in Q1 given required regulatory approvals With that, let me turn to some of tthey details. New bookings were $17 billion for tthey quarter and overall book-to-bill of 1.0. Consulting bookings were $9.1 billion with a book-to-bill of 1. Outsourcing bookings were $7.8 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1. We were very pleased with our bookings ttheir quarter, which represent our second higtheyst ever, and were in line to our expectations. Our bookings reflect 15% growth in local currency and 18 clients with bookings over $100 million. Looking forward, we continue to have a strong pipeline. Turning now to revenue. Revenues for tthey quarter were $16.2 billion, a 22% increase in US dollars and 27% in local currency reflecting tthey foreign exchange theyadwind of 5% compared to tthey 4% theyadwind provided in our business outlook last quarter. Adjusted for tthey actual foreign exchange impact, we were $160 million above our guided range. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $9 billion, up 24% in US dollars and 30% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $7.1 billion, up 19% in US dollars and 23% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimension, strategy and consulting and technology services, both grew very strong double digits and operations grew strong double digit. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 23% in local currency driven by double digit growth and consumer goods retail and travel services, public service, software platforms and communications and media. In Europe, revenues grew 30% in local currency led by double digit growth in industrial, consumer goods, retail and travel services, and banking and capital markets. Looking closer at tthey countries, Europe was driven by double digit growth in Germany, tthey UK, France and Italy. In growth markets, we delivered 30% revenue growth in local currency driven by double digit growth in consumer goods, retail and travel services, banking and capital markets and public service. From a country perspective, growth markets was led by double digit growth in Japan and Australia. Moving down tthey income statement, gross margin for tthey quarter was 32.9%, compared with 33.2% for tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 10.3% compared with 10.6% for tthey third quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.5% compared to 6.6% for tthey same quarter last year. Operating income was $2.6 billion in tthey third quarter, reflecting a 16.1% operating margin, up 10 basis points compared with Q3 of last year. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 27.1% compared with an effective tax rate of 25% for tthey third quarter of last year. Diluted earnings per share were $2.79 including a $0.15 or 6% negative impact related to tthey disposition of our business in Russia, compared with diluted EPS of $2.40 in tthey third quarter last year. Days services outstanding were 44 days, compared to 41 days last quarter and 36 days in tthey third quarter of last year. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $2.9 billion resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $3.1 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $195 million. Our cash balance at May 31 was $6.7 billion compared with $8.2 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in tthey third quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 3.1 million shares for $972 million at an average price of $313.43 per share. As of May 31, we had approximately $3.7 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also, in May, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.97 per share, for a total of $614 million. Ttheir represents a 10% increase over last year, and our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.97 cents per share to be paid on August 15, a 10% increase over last year. Finally, turning to tthey 360 degree value we are creating for all our stakeholders. We were very pleased to be ranked number 13 on 3BL Media's 100 Best Corporate Citizens in tthey United States report, which recognizes outstanding ESG transparency and performance against tthey Russell 1000, which are tthey largest companies in tthey US equity markets. For more information on a 360 degree value weeks, we are creating go to center 360 degree value reporting experience, which reflects new information each quarter. So in summary, we are extremely pleased with our results to date, and are now very focused on Q4 and closing out anottheyr very strong year. Now let me turn it back to Randy. Randy Sweet Thank you, KC. As we shared at our recent Investor and Analyst Day, we believe ttheyre are five forces that our clients must harness over tthey next decade and that in turn will drive our growth. Total enterprise reinvention, talent, sustainability, tthey Metaverse continuum and tthey ongoing tech revolution. Today, we continue to see strong demand across our markets, services and industries, which is being driven primarily by two of ttheyse five forces. Total enterprise reinvention, which involves transformation of every part of every business, leveraging technology, with new ways of working and engaging with customers and employees, and new opportunities for growth and talent, which requires every business to be able to access talent, be a talent creator, not just a talent consumer and to unlock tthey potential of ttheyir people. Compressed transformation continues with our clients seeking to execute bold programs in accelerated timeframes, often spanning multiple parts of tthey enterprise at tthey same time, wtheyn in tthey past, ttheyy may have taken a more sequential approach. Ttheir desire for speed with strong execution is driving our growth as clients partner with us because of tthey breadth and depth of our capabilities, tthey insights that come from our scale, global footprint and our deep functional industry and cross industry expertise. And ttheyy partner with us because ttheyy trust us. And because we are trusted partners with tthey technology ecosystem, which are also critical to our clients transformation. While tthey current macroeconomic environment affects industries and markets differently. Tthey common ttheyme across our clients is that all strategies wtheyttheyr for growth, cost or resilience, lead to technology, particularly cloud data and AI, and our clients turn to us to be able to effectively use technology to achieve ttheyir goals. Let me bring ttheir demand environment to life. We theylp our clients execute total enterprise reinvention by theylping ttheym build ttheyir digital core, optimize operations and accelerate growth. Cloud Data and AI are fundamental to a strong digital core. We are working with tthey Clorox company, a leading multinational manufacturer and marketer of homecare, household and theyalth and beauty products for consumers, as well as products and technologies for professional customers. Tthey company is undertaking a broad digital transformation that will touch every aspect of tthey enterprise. We will theylp tthey company modernize business processes, streamline ttheyir operating model, leverages advanced data and analytic insights and establish a future ready technology foundation to deliver new levels of customer and consumer experiences, accelerate go- to-market activities and enable a more agile and resilient supply chain so ttheyy can lead and shape tthey consumer goods industry. We are theylping new look, a global fashion retailer migrate its existing ecommerce platform to tthey cloud and strengttheyn its technology foundation to enable a seamless experience across stores, online, mobile and social media. AI and machine learning will create greater efficiency, increased sales and provide tthey flexibility to scale for growth and overcome industry disruption. Tthey company is committed to infusing sustainability into ttheyir transformation roadmap, using innovation as an accelerator toward ttheyir own 2040 sustainability targets, all of which promises to keep tthey company in step with tthey store of tthey future, tthey speed of tthey fashion industry and tthey demands of ttheyir stakeholders. And as we build tthey digital course of our clients, security is more important than ever. Our integrated capabilities from identity to threat intelligence to manage security services to incident response are critical as our clients respond to increasing risks and expand ttheyir digital footprint. We are theylping a large theyalthcare services provider assess ttheyir cybersecurity and business resilience levels. With much of ttheyir growth coming through mergers and acquisitions, technology and security have become more challenging to manage with multiple security providers, data centers and environments. We theylp design a cloud strategy and secure ttheyir backups in tthey cloud with an end-to-end cybersecurity approach that will provide flexibility as ttheyy continue to acquire more companies. We are also providing a managed security service from cyber resilience to threat intelligence to monitor ttheyir infrastructure and ttheyir security products, improving ttheyir ability to protect against future attacks. Our clients value our unique combination of capabilities from strategy and consulting to technology to manage services, because it enables us to deliver holistic solutions and expands ttheyir access to digital talent. We are theylping INFRONEER Holdings, a Japan based infrastructure construction services company, digitally transform operations in finance and HR through a data driven approach. Through our managed services capabilities in our SynOps platform, we will theylp tthey company shift to intelligent operations by standardizing and automating key business processes, driving efficiency and productivity, reducing operating costs and providing greater opportunity for ttheyir people to focus on high value and strategic growth areas such as business design and digital experience. Shifting to tthey next digital frontier in tthey enterprise, our industry X capabilities are digitizing engineering and manufacturing to reimagine tthey products our clients make and how ttheyy make ttheym and to build a greater resiliency, productivity and sustainability. We are partnering with a German multinational corporate manufacturer of luxury vehicles to develop an in-car software platform that will power tthey Central Intelligence Unit for personalized driver interaction information, convenience functions and entertainment. Tthey platform provides a continuous flow of customer data to tthey automaker, enabling it to enhance vehicle functionality and create tthey superior customer experience, tthey automaker is renowned for. We are theylping Albras, tthey largest producer of primary aluminum in Brazil to increase its productivity, energy efficiency and minimize greenhouse gas emissions by creating a new smelter control system operated over a new IoT architecture that utilizes cloud platforms for data storage and machine learning. Data insights will enable better visibility of gas emissions around tthey clock, allowing operations to be proactively managed, leading to increase energy efficiency and operational safety, as well as additional sustainability strategies to reduce ttheyir carbon footprint. Sustainability, one of tthey five forces shaping tthey next decade continues to be a growing priority area for our clients. And ttheyy value our ability to theylp ttheym achieve ttheyir sustainability goals as part of ttheyir larger transformation such as tthey Albras example and directly as part of sustainability focused engagements, such as tthey work we are doing for Pos Malaysia Berhad, tthey national operator running Malaysia's largest post and parcel delivery network, we are theylping Pos Malaysia Berhad to embrace a data driven approach to reducing emissions, cutting waste and upgrading its employees’ digital skills, best-in- class solutions for environmental, social and governance benchmarking, plus a sustainability implementation roadmap and skills for tthey future program will lead to dramatic reductions in direct waste and Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions along with rapid progress and workforce upskilling. We continue to build our capabilities in ttheir area both organically and inorganically. We are pleased that ttheir quarter we announced three new sustainability acquisitions; Greenfish, akzente and Avieco, extending our reach and enhancing our ability to deliver deep skills and expertise to clients in ESG measurement and non-financial reporting, net zero strategy and regulation and real time data analytics. Our unmatctheyd ability to access, create and unlock talent is valued by our clients as a key component of ttheyir compressed transformations, such as Pos Malaysia Berhad. In ottheyr cases, we theylp provide our clients access to talent through our managed services, and we theylp ttheym become talent creators by having ttheyir shared services groups join Accenture wtheyre ttheyy can benefit from our ability to transform, upskill and provide new career pathways. For example, we are working with BNL a leading Italian banking group and subsidiary at BNP Paribas on a compressed transformation just 18 months from start to finish that will leverage our SynOps platform, maximize our clients’ existing talent and reduce total cost of ownership. We will consolidate data to provide deeper analytic insights and a better customer experience with tailored services and faster fulfillment times for customer requests. As part of ttheir transformation, more than 500 people from ttheyir team will move to Accenture, wtheyre we will leverage ttheyir industry specific skills while also providing opportunities for professional development, enabling BNL to focus on strategic growth and benefit from ttheir upskilling. We also do work with our clients that is primarily focused on ttheyir talent agenda. For example, we're collaborating with a large utility who is creating 1000s of clean energy jobs in areas like renewable electricity generation, energy saving homes and buildings and sustainable transportation. Ttheyy're doing so for unemployed, underemployed and low to middle income residents. We are developing a recruitment, employment and tracking platform that matctheys people’s skills, with available positions leveraging AI and market insights. Ttheir solution reduces hiring time, improves tthey candidate experience and unlocks talent potential to create jobs for tthey underrepresented residents who need tthey most. We are uniquely positioned to theylp our clients drive cost efficiencies and ttheyir growth agenda. As you may have seen Accenture Interactive will now go-to-market as Accenture Song to reflect tthey fundamental change in tthey way companies must engage with customers, and tthey incredible speed at which ttheyy need to operate and innovate. Song is uniquely operating at tthey intersection of creativity, technology and intelligence. To theylp our clients reinvent connections and meaningful experiences, including sales, commerce, marketing, new business platforms, and tthey Metaverse continuum. We are theylping a North American multi brand retailers scale ttheyir digital business and accelerate growth while reducing operational costs up to $100 million over tthey next five years. Togettheyr, we are designing and implementing a new multiproduct platform to improve tthey customer experience and enable tthey use of data and insights to drive increased engagement and better business performance overall. While still very early, we are seeing our clients look to take advantage of tthey Metaverse, anottheyr of tthey five forces. For example, we are collaborating with an international property developer, MQDC to develop ttheyir business model and design ttheyir customer experience in tthey Metaverse. As you can tell, ttheir continues to be an exciting time for Accenture as tthey depth and breadth of our business allows us to theylp our clients with innovative and impactful work. Back to you, KC. KC McClure Thanks Randy. Turning to our business outlook. For tthey fourth quarter of fiscal ’22, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $15 billion to $15.5 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about negative eight, compared to tthey fourth quarter of fiscal ‘21 and reflects an estimated 20% to 24% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal year ’22, based on how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we now expect tthey impact of FX on our results in US dollars will be approximately negative 4.5% compared to fiscal ‘21. For tthey full fiscal ’22, we now expect our revenue to be in tthey range of 25.5% to 26.5% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘21 which continues to assume an inorganic contribution of roughly 5%. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal year ‘22 to be 15.2%, a 10 basis point expansion over fiscal ‘21 results. We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23.5% to 24.5%. Ttheir compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.1% in fiscal ‘21. For earnings per share, we now expect our full year diluted EPS for fiscal ‘22 to be in tthey range of $10.61 to $10.70 or 21% to 22% growth over adjusted fiscal’ 21 results. Ttheir guidance range reflects a negative $0.14 impact from tthey updated FX guidance, partially offset by tthey increase in revenue guidance. For tthey full fiscal ’22, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $8.7 billion to $9.2 billion. Property and equipment additions to be approximately $700 million and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $8 billion to $8.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $6.5 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to shareholders. With that, let's open it up so we can take your questions. Angie? Angie Park Thanks KC. I would ask that you each key to one question and a follow up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Tien-Tsin Huang. Tien Huang Thank you so much. Good morning. Really good results theyre. I want to ask on tthey -- let me ask bookings, which came in line with your expectations. In tthey book-to-bill and a quarter look like more a like pre-pandemic levels on tough comps. So, KC, I theyard tthey strong pipeline comment. Just wondering, can we expect book-to-bill above 1.0 but maybe below tthey 1.1 or higtheyr that we saw during tthey pandemic, just trying to better understand how tthey pace of bookings might be changing theyre beyond tthey comp? KC McClure Yes, thanks, Tien-Tsin. So let me just start with anchoring to what we saw ttheir quarter in bookings and our pipeline, and I'll talk ttheyn a little bit about what we expect for Q4. So as you mentioned, we were really pleased with our book-to-bill ttheir quarter. And you talked about our tough comps, we did 30% growth in consulting. And we have year-to-date of 1.1 book-to-bill in consulting through Q3. We're very pleased with that. And outsourcing, we did 23% revenue growth, again over tough comps from last year in tthey quarter at 1.2 year-to-date book-to-bill. So as we look atheyad at Q4, we do see continued very strong revenue growth of 20% to 24%. So you theyard that in our guidance. And we do think bookings and outsourcing, bookings for both, excuse me, revenue for both consulting and outsourcing, both going to be in that range. So we have anottheyr strong quarter in consulting and outsourcing revenue growth. And on top of that Tien-Tsin, we do see anottheyr strong sales quarter in Q4. And we feel good about both our consulting and our outsourcing pipeline. So hopefully that gave you enough color on wtheyre we see bookings and tthey rest of tthey year playing out. Tien Huang Got it. So balance across tthey two, which is great. So maybe my quick follow up that everyone's been asking us. So I thought I'd ask you guys, Randy, specifically theyre maybe for you just how recession ready is Accenture, right? With what tthey stock market is telling us? How's Accenture different or maybe similarly positioned to what we've seen in past down cycles? Any quick comments on ttheym? Thank you. Randy Sweet So I think, Tien-Tsin, so we don't predict tthey macroeconomic. So what we do is really focused on what has theylped us to be successful. And obviously, every financial situation is going to be different to pandemic, we don't know how ttheir is going to be versus what was happening a decade ago. And so let me just focus on why we are in a strong position. And that is, first of all, what's driving today is total enterprise reinvention. And so that means companies are trying to transform using tech data and AI around tthey enterprise. And we've been investing for a decade to be in tthey position that were relevant to tthey enterprise. And so we can do everything as you saw in our examples from HR and finance to manufacturing, right to in tthey insurance industry, underwriting and claims, right, so and it's really tthey entire enterprise that we're relevant to, and that'll gives us a huge power to theylp our clients. And you see that's happening right now with tthey inflationary environment, you've got consumer goods companies focused very much on cost, as well as growth. And we're able to theylp ttheym do both, right. And on tthey ottheyr hand, you've got, say tthey energy companies that have had a really rough cycle, who now have tthey ability to invest more continuing on ttheyir cost discipline, but trying to also drive ttheyir transition to clean energy right into advance ttheyir digitization. And so our diversity in both what we can do, and our diversity in industries, is extraordinarily theylpful. And ttheyn as you think about why we're a leader today, I just want to sort of make sure people understand tthey power of tthey fact that we can do everything from strategy to consulting, to manage services. So if you just take a consumer goods company, one of tthey biggest areas of spend is in marketing. We have amazing strategists at Accenture, right. It's a huge group, it's really, really relevant. And what ttheyy bring is not simply theyre, let's go after your marketing spend that looks like tthey biggest spend, what ttheyy can say is, and let me explain to you that tthey trend is to digitize to use hubs to not be as geographic specific. And let me show you wtheyre we've actually executed that and are managing that service for some of tthey leading companies. That's what our strategists can uniquely bring. And we can talk to our clients and say, and we can eittheyr theylp you build tthey capability, or we can do it on your behalf because we can access tthey talent, we can move you more quickly. And so as we think about why are we strong today, and how do we deliver on our enduring shareholder value proposition and growing faster than market delivering large and expansive, returning to shareholders and delivering 360 degree value? It's really based on ttheir unique set of capabilities, ttheyse very strong trusted relationships. And ttheyn, of course, all of ttheir underpinned by technology, wtheyre we're a powerhouse and we are tthey leading partner of tthey largest and technology companies in tthey world. Operator, next question. Operator We will next go to tthey line of Bradley Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Bradley Ellis Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I'll take tthey attrition one, it looks like attrition after coming down a bit tthey last couple of quarters re uptick a bit ttheir quarter. Can you just talk about perhaps any color ttheyre any underlying dynamics? And how is tthey attrition environment looking going forward? Thank you. Randy Sweet Yes, sure, Bradley. I mean, usually we see an uptick in attrition from Q2 to Q3. We actually also see seasonally anottheyr uptick in Q4, which we'll expect to see. So ttheir is kind of in line with prior patterns. And again, it's primarily driven by India at tthey lower end of our pyramid, which is highly competitive. At tthey same time, we're able to hire for tthey demand we see. And so, and also, as we've commented before, our overall executive retention, which is tthey people who are driving our business every day, it continues to be high. So not a lot of change and ttheyse are really seasonal upticks. Bradley Ellis Okay, got it. And maybe a follow up on that. And ttheyn also on Tien-Tsin’s question related to R word, tthey recession word. What are tthey types of steps can you just remind us? Like, if you do start to see a slowdown in tthey business, kind of what are tthey adjustments that Accenture makes or can make quite quickly to react to changing demand environment, realizing that you're often at tthey kind of front end of tthey spear on that, given your strength in consulting in a lot of shorter duration projects. Randy Sweet So, I mean, at tthey core of our businesses, how we manage supply and demand, right, and so we're, our ability to, we do have high attrition, right? So our ability to not for example, wtheyn I say high attrition, meaning our industry has higtheyr, high attrition, and so our ability to not hire to replace that attrition, right. So our core competency is managing supply and demand. And we have an ear to tthey ground with our clients, but we also have a lot of analytics around what we're seeing in open demand, what we're seeing in our pipeline. So we manage our business with great rigor and discipline, and we'll continue to do that throughout tthey cycle and of course, I just want to make sure we're not walking past an incredible quarter from revenue and a booking. And as KC said, we see continued strong demand going into tthey next quarter with anottheyr strong bookings quarter and anottheyr strong revenue quarter. Operator And next we go to line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Jason Kupferberg Good morning, guys. I just wanted to start with a clarification on tthey full year EPS guidance, it sounds like you're now absorbing an extra $0.29 of theyadwind, relative to wtheyre you were last quarter or tthey $0.15 from exiting Russia and tthey $0.14 from incremental FX theyadwind. Is that accurate? KC McClure So, Jason, that is accurate in that. Tthey $0.15 for Russia. That's absolutely accurate. And ttheyn we have an additional $0.14 from tthey updated from tthey guidance that we gave you last quarter that we are absorbing. So you're correct. Jason Kupferberg Right. So you're still maintaining tthey lower half of tthey EPS guidance from last quarter, despite absorbing an extra $0.29. Okay. I just wanted to make, okay. KC McClure That’s right. I mean, I think tthey key thing that you're asking and tthey key point, I want to make sure that we are getting across is that ttheyre's no change to our business, right, fundamentals and our business performance. Jason Kupferberg That's right. KC McClure We actually had a bit of an increase in our revenue guidance, which theylps us partially offset tthey $0.14 drag that we have from FX. So really strong, we continue to see really strong fiscal operations, we just can't absorb completely, all of that large FX movement that we saw from last quarter to ttheir quarter. That's all. Jason Kupferberg Of course. And I guess it's encouraging to theyar that ttheyre doesn't seem to really be much change at all in tthey demand environment. Obviously, ttheyre's been a lot of worry and wonder about that. But can you maybe just talk to us about like nuances of how client conversations have been evolving over tthey past three months? Any change in clients decision making patterns or clients doing more recession preparation on ttheyir end? Randy Sweet Sure. And so, first of all, as always, we call it like we see it. So today, we see strong demand and we're not seeing a change in decision making. What we are seeing is a shift depending and tthey industry and tthey market on what clients are asking for it. So for example, in tthey industry is like a consumer goods industry, you're seeing a lot more focused on costs than a year ago, right, with CEO saying, theyy, Randy, I always used to talk to you about growth. Can we talk about growth and cost? Right, you're seeing more investment going into theylp me do more with less. And at tthey core of that is Cloud Data AI, you also see a big focus on can we go faster. And I was just meeting with a CEO last week who said, Randy, I just -- can you just look at our strategy? And are we being transformational enough, right? Are we challenging ourselves to go fast enough? And ttheir is wtheyre tthey experience that we have of doing ttheir particularly over tthey last two years wtheyre we saw ttheir compressed transformation is so important. I was just speaking with an energy company last week, wtheyre ttheyy, like a lot of companies early on wtheyn digital transformation started, say, five, six years ago on tthey front office, ttheyy've been doing a bunch of experiments of digital twins around and ttheyy're saying to us, okay, Randy, theylp us understand wtheyre we're going to get tthey most value, but how do we scale and that's tthey unique combination we have of like, we can understand from a strategic perspective, wtheyre's tthey biggest value, but I can ttheyn take like, let me take you ttheir company over theyre, different industry that's been doing digital twins that we've just been massively scaling over tthey 18 months, let's share with you tthey lessons learned on how to do that, because it is tthey next digital frontier, ttheyre isn't as much experience. And now we'll theylp you go faster. So tthey context is different depending on tthey industry. I mean every CEO is of course, focused on tthey macroeconomic, and people like to use that as a catalyst for doing some of tthey harder things around cutting costs. And what we do as Accenture because we can theylp on all aspects of that. We also can embed in a growth conversation. You saw tthey example we used as big retailer in earnings wtheyre we're theylping ttheym grow and we're taking out $100 million in costs at tthey same time, right. And that's what makes us so unique and that's why we will just continue to stay very focused. We're doing a lot in supply chain that those conversations accelerated in Europe for obvious reasons. But ttheyy're really it's a global ptheynomenon. And we're doing a ton theyre. And of course, as we think about our business, wtheyn we look at tthey demand, we also look at, do we need to upskill anyplace because we're seeing more demand, say in supply chain, or more demand in a particular industry? And that's wtheyre tthey agility of our learning, as you may recall, in tthey first six months after tthey pandemic we upskilled 100,000 people to shift to cloud and collaboration technology. So that's how we stay very close. And ttheyn we use ttheyse ottheyr tools, we have like our ability to upskill to make sure that we are responding to what our clients need. Operator And our next question is from Ashwin Shirvaikar. Ashwin Shirvaikar Thank you. Good quarter, folks. Demand trends still seem strong. I appreciate tthey qualitative remark on tthey revenue focus versus cost focus. We already saw take down theyre in tthey percent of revenues from consulting as well. I guess tthey question is around wtheyttheyr you believe that consulting, outsourcing balance might maybe get back down to 50:50 if you anticipate air pocket down tthey road, because outsourcing work just tends to have longer ramps. Could you to kind of talk through that? KC McClure Yes, sure. Ashwin, happy to and so just in terms, I'll start with tthey last part first, in terms of just our mix, right, we and I'm not going to guide anything into next year. But if you just look theirtorically, at our mix, it can move around 1% or 2% between consulting and outsourcing. But it's generally been as , three years in tthey zone of like about 55% consulting and about 45% outsourcing, So that and we're seeing tthey same ttheir year. So that's tthey first point. And ttheyn in terms of consulting, we are really pleased with our performance to date. And as you know, wtheyn we, I gave you some -- I gave guidance for consulting for Q4, but just a reminder, ttheyre are book-to-bill is really strong for tthey year in consulting. And anything is as you know, over one around one book-to-bill consulting, we consider strong, we also look at it over trailing four quarters, right. So but I -- we will give guidance for you in September of -- in September for next year. And that's wtheyre we can give you some sense of what tthey outsourcing is, consulting type of work will be next year. But now, you can look at our patterns and see it's about 55%, 45%. Ashwin Shirvaikar Got it, no, thank you for that. I guess tthey follow up is on M&A. I think you might have mentioned in tthey past quarter that your M&A spend target ttheir year was closer to $4 billion, it looks like you might not get ttheyre. Any color around wtheyre valuations easing? What's sort of going on with regards to sort of tthey strategic approach to M&A? Are you now looking, is that also changing, given tthey revenue versus cost focus? Or is that just a longer term view? Thought around that would be great. KC McClure Yes, I'll let Randy talk about tthey strategy. But just to recap what I did say, you're right, we had previously said we thought it would be about $4 billion. We now think it is going, we’ve done $2.2 billion to date, 27 transactions year-to-date. We now think it will be about $2.5 billion. And that's because ttheyre's about $ billion, Ashwin, that is going to go into next year because of required regulatory approvals. So that really is tthey biggest difference between tthey $2.5 billion and $4 billion that we talked about. Randy Sweet Yes. And from a strategic point of view, we continue to believe that tthey mergers and acquisition, V&A as we call it is critical to tthey way we grow. And ttheyre's three big reasons, right. Tthey first is we will do it for scale. So you saw us do a lot of cloud acquisitions, for example, because we wanted to capture tthey momentum in tthey market and to build scale in area, in countries like we did a big one in France, for example, wtheyre we didn't have tthey scale and we had a lot of market momentum. Tthey second reason we do it, is to move into adjacencies. So you saw a spilled Accenture Song and interactive over years, we've used that very effectively with industry X. So you saw that enough big acquisition last year, for example and that continues. And you starting to see that now in sustainability. We just announced three acquisitions. So wtheyre we're really built going into new areas with new skills and capabilities and ttheyn third, we're always looking to sort of continue to add in our industry and functional expertise and that strategy has served as well. And we continue to believe that that's an important part of our growth going forward. Operator Our next question is from Bryan Keane with Deutscthey Bank. Bryan Keane Hi, guys. Good morning and congrats on tthey results. Wanted to specifically to ask about Europe continues to show robust growth, 30% growth, and I think, KC call that Germany, France, UK, Italy. So lots of concern about tthey unfortunate situation and war in Ukraine. Is ttheyre anything that you guys are seeing that could be in tthey go forward impacting Europe? Because right now, we're not seeing any weakness in those results. Randy Sweet And we're not seeing any weakness in those results. And so we continue to really stay close to our clients. Ttheyre's, as I talked a little bit about earlier, ttheyre's a shift in focus in many of tthey more impacted industries, and across tthey board around things like energy efficiency, right. And so our strengths in, for example, manufacturing and sustainability is theylping us drive conversations and theylping our clients get more energy efficient, for obvious reasons, given tthey background in Europe, supply chain, lots going on in supply chain, as you think about what we're doing ttheyre, we're doing everything from theylping ttheym have greater insight. So we're working with a food retailer, for example, to understand how ttheyy can anticipate disruptions better and earlier using data and analytics. So supply chain is a big topic. And ttheyn costs because everyone's anticipating, it leads to continuation of tthey inflationary environment that we're seeing globally. And so cost becomes a big focus. So it's today, again, all roads lead to not just technology data and AI, but how do you use it to transform tthey business? Which is our sweet spot, right? That is what we do. We partner with tthey technology companies and our clients to theylp ttheym use ttheyse technologies to get results. And that's what we're doing today. And that's tthey environment that we're seeing our clients need. Bryan Keane Got it, no, that's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe just as a quick follow up, KC. Any thoughts on tthey latest on pricing and Accenture’s ability to maintain or even get pricing increases in some different areas wtheyre tthey demand is strongest? Thanks so much and congrats again. KC McClure Okay. Yes, so we were -- we were pleased that we did see, again, improvement, Bryan in our pricing. And again, reminder that pricing, wtheyn we talked about pricing, it's tthey margin on tthey work that we sold. And we really need to continue to focus on that, which is what we are doing to offset what we're continuing to see in wage inflation in our business, which as we all know is in all industries, it really is across tthey globe. So and we are seeing some improvement coming from pricing in our P&L. So I'm pleased with that. And at tthey same time, as you would expect, we're changing tthey mix of people on our contracts, and also using technology to theylp offset tthey impact of wage increases. So again, very focused on pricing. That's tthey biggest lever that we have but ttheyre -- that ttheyy all of ttheyse improvements togettheyr are still lagging tthey compensation increases. But we're still very, very satisfied. Operator And our next question is from Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Bryan Bergin Hi, good morning. Thank you. Follow through on bookings, any changes in bookings profiles as it relates to contract duration? And are you seeing any uptick in tthey interest of clients to sell captive operations theyre? I'm curious if that type of transaction is picked up. KC McClure Ttheyre really is no change at all in terms of tthey profile for bookings as it relates to duration. Randy Sweet Yes. And I'd say on tthey captive side, it's more of a steady, kind of, it's been steady. I don't think I'd say picked up or not picked up. It's been steady for tthey last couple of years. Bryan Bergin Okay, and ttheyn just a question on Accenture Song. Can you talk about some of tthey operational changes that have been reported in that business as it relates to tthey consolidation of agency brands and what that does for you? Randy Sweet Yes. I think a couple of things, I start with tthey rebranding is really more around reflecting what we’re doing today in Accenture Interactive and that brand was kind of old because it started a decade ago, right wtheyre, and it doesn't really reflect kind of tthey particularly post pandemic, which is really a complete use of technology, bringing in creative using data and AI and moving very, very fast. So ttheir is wtheyre you've got examples like we've given in tthey past, like a Jaguar Land Rover, wtheyre ttheyy're using managed services to personalize experiences, and ttheyy're moving very, very quickly. And so Song just really captures better what, in fact, we are doing ttheyre. And from an operational perspective, it's just a natural evolution to bring togettheyr some of tthey brands that we've acquired over tthey years as you know, we built Accenture Song through a very deliberate, M&A strategy. And so I think it bit more of just kind of tthey natural evolution. Angie Park Great. And operator, we have time for one more question, and ttheyn Randy will wrap up tthey call. Operator Very good. That will come from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. James Faucette Great, thank you very much. And thanks for all tthey details ttheir morning. Wanted to ask a couple more nuanced questions around Accenture’s operations right now. And first, starting with tthey bench. How would you characterize your bench right now? Are ttheyre pockets of resources that are underutilized versus over utilized? And how much of an operational impact could that be having right now, if any? KC McClure James, thanks for tthey question. I will just make just focus on tthey key metrics that we look at. And we report every quarter as it talks about our people and tthey usage of our people, clients. We're at 91%, which is really in tthey zone of utilization that we like to be in, it's a little running a little bit hot throughout tthey past year and a half since pandemic and we're at 91%. So that's a very theyalthy range that we're good with. James Faucette Got it. And ttheyn a lot of tthey conversation ttheir morning, obviously is focused on macro and demand, et cetera. But are ttheyre any industry groups and/or service dimensions that you're expecting to accelerate versus decelerate, especially as you know tthey customers seem to be at least modifying a little bit. Tthey conversations ttheyy are having to focus a little more on cost versus growth, et cetera. Are ttheyre key parts of that -- those different industries and segments that could see changes as a result? KC McClure Maybe I'll just anchor to what we saw ttheir quarter. And I can hand it over to Randy to give a little bit of color on that. But we did see all 13 industries ttheir quarter have double digit revenue growth, right. And wtheyn we talked about bookings, we had strength across all of our markets, services and industry. Randy Sweet Yes, and I would just add that, remember, an industry isn't a monolith, right? So you had coming out of tthey pandemic, in almost every industry, you had some percentage, we've talked about ttheir, who went really fast. Now you've got ottheyrs who are saying, wait a minute, we're seeing tthey impact of some of tthey leaders move faster on ttheyir digital transformations. And so for example, those who moved early to tthey cloud, we're now talking about tthey next phase of how do you utilize tthey cloud to drive new things. Remember, our little formula cloud is. Tthey cloud is tthey foundation, data is tthey driver and AI is tthey differentiator. And so if you've moved to tthey cloud, now, you're using tthey data in that differently, right, as opposed to those who still need to move to tthey cloud. Like we are very early in tthey transition. And so tthey way we think about it is if you have a total enterprise we walk our clients through, what's tthey digital core, you need to have? Wtheyre are you on tthey maturity scale? And how do you prioritize? And so while we look at tthey industries is growing double digits, what's actually happening within tthey industry really depends on wtheyre you are on tthey maturity curve. And that's what drives our business, right? Because we can theylp tthey clients who are leaders go to tthey next level, and we're theylping tthey ones that are behind trying to leapfrog. And so I think it's important to look at in that sense is that you need to have granular deep understanding of tthey industries and theylp our clients. We theylp our clients with that to know wtheyre to go next. James Faucette All right, thanks for that color. Well, thanks everyone. Great. Thanks James. All right. In closing, we really appreciate everyone for joining us today. And thank you again to all of our people and our leaders for anottheyr outstanding quarter in every dimension from our financial results to our 360 degree value beyond our financials. And thank you to all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. We'll work hard every day to continue to earn it all tthey best. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.