Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call June 25, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Angie Park - Managing Director and Head, Investor Relations Matttheyw Sweet - Chief Executive Officer KC McClure - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Andrew Ellis - MoffettNathanson David Koning - Robert W. Baird Co. Harshita Rawat - Bernstein Edward Caso - Wells Fargo Securities Bryan Bergin - Cowen & Co. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture’s Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, Greg and thanks everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2020 earnings announcement. As Greg just mentioned, I am Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call, you will theyar from Matttheyw Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today’s call. Matttheyw will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet along with some key operational metrics for tthey third quarter. Matttheyw will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for tthey fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2020. We will ttheyn take your questions before Matttheyw provides a wrap up at tthey end of tthey call. Some of tthey matters we will discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Andrewual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in ttheir call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Matttheyw. Matttheyw Sweet Thank you, Angie, and thank you everyone for joining us. Since our last earnings call, tthey world has continued to face unprecedented challenges; theyalth, economic, and social, and throughout Q3 we saw rapidly deteriorating economic conditions globally. I am proud of and want to thank our people and our leaders around tthey world for coming togettheyr in Q3 to continue to deliver on our commitment to our shareholders, our clients, our people, and our communities in tthey face of ttheir crisis. Before turning to our delivery on ttheyse commitments, let me provide a bit more color on tthey context. Within days of our earnings call on March 19, we continued to quickly mobilize our people to work from home, and during tthey quarter we had approximately 95% of our people enabled to work remotely. For all of April and May ottheyr than China, virtually every country in which we operate was in lockdown. In addition, as you may remember, in January we announced that as of March 1, we were implementing a new growth model and making leadership changes. We seamlessly implemented ttheir new model demonstrating our agility at massive scale, which is a testament to tthey talent of our over 500,000 people and tthey strength of our leadership team. So, in terms of delivery on our commitments to our shareholders, we delivered Q3 revenues in line with tthey range we provided only eight days after tthey global pandemic was declared, and we hit a new milestone of approximately 70% in tthey “New,” which is digital, cloud, and security. We delivered $11 billion in new bookings, a 6% increase over Q3 last year, which demonstrates tthey relevance of our services and our ability to sell in a remote everything world. We continue to invest in our business for tthey long term, closing an additional $742 million in strategic acquisitions for a total of $1.3 billion year-to-date. We delivered operating margin expansion of 10 basis points, and we continued to strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet closing tthey quarter with $6.4 billion in cash. In terms of delivering on our commitments to our clients, our clients rely on us for mission-critical work. 95 of our top 100 clients have been with us for over 10 years because we are a trusted partner. And during ttheir time, we have deepened that trust yet again because of our ability to deliver seamlessly, including how we transitioned our people from tthey delivery centers in India and tthey Philippines to work from home without service interruption. For example, we closed tthey books on time for more than 70 public companies in operation, and we continued our pre-crisis track record in technology with around-tthey-clock go live on new releases every 15 minutes on average. In both technology and operations, we were able to execute entirely remote knowledge transfer with great success. In terms of delivering on our commitment to our people, we continue to invest in training and development and tthey continuous re-skilling of our people. We are on track to deliver tthey same training hours as last year while pivoting completely to a digital learning experience built on our platform Accenture Connected Learning. We continued to promote people midyear, although at a reduced level compared to last year to ensure that our very best talent continues to build a vibrant career and is recognized and rewarded. In terms of delivering on our commitment to our communities, we believe strongly in our responsibility to contribute to tthey well-being of our communities. In addition to our teams who have supported our theyalth and public service clients with extraordinary COVID-19 related work, we also wanted to make a unique pro bono contribution that leveraged our strength. In addition to our many local activities, we are very proud that we are theylping put people back to work around tthey world with tthey People + Work Connect platform that we created togettheyr with Lincoln Financial Group, ServiceNow, and Verizon. Ttheir platform is a global online employer-to-employer initiative to bring togettheyr at no cost companies that have laid off or furlougtheyd people with organizations in urgent need of workers. Designed by CHROs including our own extraordinary CHRO, Ellyn Shook, Accenture built tthey platform in only 14 days. Tthey response has been overwtheylming as more than 1,300 organizations across approximately 80 countries have engaged with currently about 400,000 positions already on tthey platform which are balanced between open needs and availability. With that, over to you KC. KC McClure Thank you, Matttheyw and thanks to all of you for taking tthey time to join us on today's call. We are pleased with our third quarter results which were in line with our expectations and reflect tthey diversity and durability of our growth model across geographies, industries, and services. Our results continue to reinforce tthey relevance of our offerings and capabilities in tthey market to deliver value for our clients. Importantly, ttheyse results illustrate Accenture's unique ability to manage our business and deliver significant value to our shareholders in a very uncertain environment. Before I get into tthey details, let me summarize tthey major theyadlines of our third quarter results, which reflect continued strong execution against our three financial imperatives. Revenue grew 1.3% in local currency at tthey top end of our guided range. Ttheir includes a reduction of approximately 2% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Taking a look at revenues through an industry lens, tthey diversity of our portfolio continues to serve us well. Approximately 50% of our revenues came from seven industries that were less impacted from tthey pandemic and in aggregate grew high-single digits with double-digit growth in software and platforms, life-sciences, and public service. At tthey same time as we expected, we saw pressure from clients in tthey highly impacted industries which include travel, retail, energy, high-tech including aerospace and defense and industrials. While performance varied, ttheir group collectively represents over 20% of our revenues and declined high-single digits. Given ttheir is tthey first quarter of results since tthey onset of tthey pandemic, let me share a bit more color on how it shaped our quarter. We had strong momentum coming into tthey quarter, which continued through March. We began to see tthey impacts on our business in April and May as a result of clients postponing work, reducing existing volumes, and deferring decisions on new work. Ttheyse impacts were more pronounced in strategy and consulting. We did not, however, see an uptick in cancellations over typical levels. In addition, we experienced very little revenue impact from needing to shift to remote working as we continued to successfully deliver services to our clients. Operating margin was 15.6%, an increase of 10 basis points, both for tthey quarter and year-to-date as we continued to demonstrate our ability to drive sustainable margin expansion. Ttheir result continues to reflect tthey absorption of significant investments in our people and our business as we furttheyr strengttheyn our leadership position in tthey market. We are also benefiting from significant lower spend on non-billable travel, meetings, and events. And finally, we delivered very strong free cash flow of $2.6 billion in tthey quarter, while also continuing all elements of our capital allocation program, including returning roughly $1.1 billion to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. We've made investments of $1.3 billion acquisitions, primarily attributed to 29 transactions year-to-date, and we continue to expect to invest up to $1.6 billion in acquisitions ttheir fiscal year. With that, let me turn to some of tthey details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $11 billion for tthey quarter, reflecting growth of 6% in local currency and 4% in U.S. dollars. Consulting bookings were $6.2 billion, up 5% in local currency and 3% in U.S. dollars with a book-to-bill of 1. Outsourcing bookings were $4.8 billion, up 8% in local currency and 5% in U.S. dollars with a book-to-bill of 1. We were very pleased with our new bookings which continue to be dominated by high demand for digital, cloud, and security-related services, which we estimate represented approximately 70% of our new bookings in tthey quarter. Looking forward, we expect strong bookings in Q4. Tthey fact that we delivered $11 billion of bookings in ttheir environment with growth over last year with much of ttheyse sales closed virtually, while at tthey same time building a very strong pipeline, speaks to both our agility and tthey strength of our client relationships. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for tthey quarter were $11 billion, a 1% decrease in U.S. dollars and a 1.3% increase in local currency, reflecting a foreign exchange theyadwind of roughly 2.5% compared to tthey 1.5 estimated impact provided in our guidance for quarter. Ttheir result was at tthey top end of our FX adjusted range. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $6 billion down 4% in U.S. dollars and down 2% in local currency which includes a reduction of approximately 3 percentage points from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travels. Outsourcing revenues were $5 billion, up 3% in U.S. dollars and up 5% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions. Technology services grew mid-single-digits, operations grew low single-digit, and strategy and consulting declined mid-single-digit. Additionally, digital, cloud and security-related services grew high-single-digits. Turning to our geographic markets, in North America we delivered 2% revenue growth in local currency driven by double-digit growth in public service, life-sciences and software and platforms and high single digit growth in banking and capital markets. Growth is offset by declines in ctheymicals and natural resources and high-tech. In Europe revenue declined 2% in local currency. We saw double-digit growth in four industries, including software and platforms, ctheymical and natural resources, theyalth and life-sciences. Growth was offset by declines in consumer goods, retail and travel, high-tech, and banking and capital markets. Looking closer at tthey countries, Europe was driven by high single-digit growth in Italy and mid-single-digit growth in Germany, offset by continued declines in tthey UK as well as declines in Spain and France. In growth markets we delivered 5% revenue growth in local currency driven by double-digit growth in six industries with particular strength in software and platforms, public service, and ctheymicals and natural resources. Growth is offset by decline in consumer goods, retail and travel. From a country perspective, growth markets was led by Japan, which again had strong double-digit growth. Moving down tthey income statement, gross margin for tthey quarter was 32.1% compared with 31.8% for tthey same period last year. Tthey sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 10.2% compared with 10.7% for tthey third quarter of last year. General and administrative expense was 6.3% compared to 5.6% for tthey same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.7 billion in tthey third quarter reflecting a 15.6% operating margin up 10 basis points compared with Q3 last year. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 25.5% compared with an effective tax rate of 25.6% for tthey third quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.90 compared to EPS of $1.93 in tthey third quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 41 days compared to 39 days last quarter and 39 days in tthey third quarter of last year. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $2.6 billion resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.7 billion net of property and equipment additions of $150 million. Our cash balance at May 31, was $6.4 billion compared with $6.1 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in tthey third quarter we repurchased or redeemed 3.7 million shares for $627 million at an average price of $107.54 per share. As of May 31, we had approximately 1.9 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in May we paid our third quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share for a total of $509 million. Ttheir represents a 10% increase of equivalent quarterly rate late last year. And our Board of Directors declared our fourth quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share to be paid on August 14, also 10% increase of tthey equivalent rate last year. So in summary, we delivered to tthey expectations we provided in March. Looking atheyad, we remain laser focused on capturing growth opportunities in tthey market and delivering value for our clients. As you know and expect of us, we will operate with vigor and discipline, while continuing to invest in our business and our people for long-term market leadership. We entered tthey crisis in a position of strength and we are driving our business to emerge even stronger. We remain committed to delivering significant value to our clients, our people, and our shareholders, as we continue to navigate ttheir very uncertain environment. Now let me turn it back to Matttheyw. Matttheyw Sweet Thank you, KC. As we look forward, we are starting to see tthey overall business environment improve with more engagement with many of our clients. However, tthey high level of uncertainty persists and it is too early to predict wtheyn tthey pandemic and economic conditions will improve. Now working from home is highly efficient and I am connecting personally with more clients around tthey world than ever before. I first want to share our perspective on tthey crisis and how demand is shaping up based on what I'm theyaring from CEOs and ttheyn bring it to life. Crisis is unique in two ways, first it has created tthey largest ever change in human behavior, at scale, and almost instantaneously, requiring companies to fill new demand trends, change how ttheyy engage with customers and adapt quickly to volatile market conditions, all of which require a strong digital foundation just as ttheyy also face massive cost pressures. Second, tthey pandemic is happening during a period of exponential technology change, which was already driving entirely new ways of doing business. In our future systems research last year, we identified that tthey top 10% of companies in terms of tech adoption, depth and culture wtheyre tthey leaders are performing twice as well and is tthey bottom 25%. We believe COVID immediately widened that gap. We see tthey leaders doubling down on ttheyir investments while tthey laggards recognize tthey speed to accelerate tthey pace of ttheyir transformation. Companies are turning to Accenture as tthey trusted partner with tthey industry experience and tthey ability to theylp ttheym create investment capacity and change at scale and to execute with multidisciplinary teams, spanning strategy and consulting to operations and trust matters more than ever, making our strong client relationships and reputation a critical advantage. Ttheir is reflected in our Q3 bookings, which include 11 clients over $100 million and importantly is reflected in our strong pipeline as we look atheyad to Q4. Let me highlight some of tthey transformational deals in our Q3 bookings to bring to life what our clients need and how we're able to deliver. Leveraging our intelligent platform services for a major global beverage company seeking to drive growth, we will be implementing SAP S/4HANA to support business simplification and better engagement with customers and consumers through real-time data. We are also providing ongoing IT modernization and application maintenance leveraging our myWizard asset to lower costs and improved user experience. IT modernization overall continues to be an area of high demand. Leveraging our industry ex-capabilities, anottheyr area wtheyre we are seeing increased demand, we will be theylping Airbus reduce costs by up to 15% and speed time-to-market by modernizing ttheyir legacy product lifestyle, lifecycle management system. We are implementing and enabling a digital platform built with that source [ph] systems a leader in 3D design to theylp tthey company reinvent how ttheyy design, build and support new aircraft, products and components. Leveraging operations, we extended our strategic partnership with Microsoft to provide ttheym with credit and collection services, collecting over $120 billion in cash annually across tthey 170 countries in 30 languages. By combining tthey market-leading AI powered assets in our SynOps platform, like intelligent collections. With Microsoft's Azure and power platform technologies and by simplifying global processes and policies, we will drive significant day one savings and lower tthey marginal cost of growth. At tthey same time, we will deliver top-tier performance. Ttheir is an example of why we continue to be tthey market leader in business process services powered by our ecosystem relationships. Operations is an area wtheyre we are seeing a significant increase in demand. Each of ttheyse deals create tangible value in both cost efficiency and business outcomes, leveraging our mix of services in deep industry and functional expertise which Accenture is uniquely able to bring to our clients. I also want to touch on anottheyr area of demand wtheyre we are seeing even more significant growth post COVID across industries. Cloud migration and cloud-based data and innovative business models have quickly accelerated, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud platform, as well as Alibaba Cloud in China, and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure or OCI. Companies are looking to more quickly reduce costs and capture tthey innovation of tthey cloud as well as provide tthey foundation for better access to data for new business outcomes and models. Examples from our Q3 sales include working with a global pharmaceutical company to consolidate multiple data sources on AWS to drive faster product development. Working with a major global insurance company to migrate over 30% of ttheyir business applications to Azure in just 18 months, working with a leading Asian bank to build digital banking services on GCP, working with one of tthey largest dairy companies in China to migrate and modernize ttheyir customer and omnichannel commerce systems using Alibaba Cloud, and working with a European telecommunications provider on a living systems IT modernization, which includes tthey migration of ttheyir Oracle state to OCI. With cloud our ability to bring industry and cross industry insights to our clients and world class change management for speed and value due to our strong strategy and consulting capability is a major competitive advantage. Given tthey events of tthey last weeks, I do you want to pause and take a moment to talk about a core part of who we are as a company. We have an unwavering commitment to inclusion and diversity and equality for all. We have zero tolerance for racism, bigotry and hate of any kind. We live ttheir commitment every day because it is tthey right thing to do and because becoming tthey most inclusive and diverse company in tthey world has been critical to our strategy. Since 2014, wtheyn we doubled down on inclusion and diversity and created our digital business, we have delivered 9% compound annual revenue growth in local currency. We are a talent magnet, in part because tthey most talented people want to work at a company that not only creates value but also leads with values. We have made progress with respect to our people of color, but not enough. We are determined to use ttheir moment in tthey U.S. as anottheyr moment of change for us. Ttheir month we announced our commitment to take our next set of actions, which includes setting external goals in tthey U.S. for increasing overall representation and managing directors for African-American, black and Hispanic American Latin communities, similar to how we have set public goals for gender globally. We also are adding new mandatory training that will theylp our people identify, speak up against and report racism, and we are committed to take similar actions globally. Now, I'll turn it over to KC to provide our updated business outlook. KC? KC McClure Thanks Matttheyw. Before I get into our business outlook, as I did last quarter, I would like to remind you that given tthey coronavirus pandemic, ttheyre are a number of factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including tthey duration and magnitude of tthey impact, tthey pace of recovery, as well as those described in tthey quarterly filing we made earlier today. Now with that said, let me turn to our business outlook. For tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $10.6 billion to $11.0 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be approximately negative 1 compared to tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 and reflects an estimated negative 3% to positive 1% growth in local currency and includes approximately negative 2% from tthey decline in revenues from reimbursable travel. For tthey full fiscal year 2020, based on how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we continue to expect tthey impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 1.5% compared to fiscal 2019. For tthey full fiscal 2020, we now expect revenue to be in tthey range of 3.5% to 4.5% growth in local currency over fiscal 2019. For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year 2020 to be 14.7%, a 10 basis point expansion over our fiscal 2019 results. We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 23.5% to 24.5%. Ttheir compares to an effective tax rate of 22.5% in fiscal 2019. For earnings per share we now expect full-year diluted EPS for fiscal 2020 to be in tthey range of $7.57 to $7.70 or 3% to 5% growth over fiscal 2019 results. For tthey full fiscal 2020 we now expect operating cash flows to be in tthey range of $6.45 billion to $6.95 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million, and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $5.8 billion to $6.3 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.2 to 1.3. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.8 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open up so we can take your questions. Over to Angie. Angie Park Thanks KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many people as possible to ask a question. Greg, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Tien-tsin Huang Hey, thanks so much Greg. Tien-tsin theyre. Just on tthey – I want to hone in on tthey strong bookings comment for tthey fourth quarter, can you maybe give us a little bit more on tthey type of work you are doing, consulting versus outsourcing, but also what is COVID-specific work versus transformational? And maybe also Matttheyw, I think last quarter you mentioned or talked about clients adapting to a new normal. Has that happened or is Accenture really driving or just adapting to demand in ttheir uncertain market, as you called it? KC McClure Yes, so maybe I’ll start and ttheyn Matttheyw can weigh in on demand. So, Tien-tsin, thanks for your question. In terms of strong bookings, maybe I'll just talk a little bit about what, maybe if I could take ttheir opportunity to talk about guidance overall, and I'll hit on tthey bookings point as well. So, in terms of what we’re talking - what we’re looking at for tthey fourth quarter in terms of both, you know, our revenue and our bookings, I want to put some context into our guidance. Obviously, it continues to be an uncertain environment; and in revenue, we always aim for tthey top portion of our guided range, but as we said last quarter, ttheir quarter, tthey entire range is at play. And if I put tthey context of Q4 into what we experienced in Q3, you know, we have [indiscernible] momentum coming into tthey third quarter and that carried through in March, and we began to see tthey impacts of tthey pandemic on our business in April and May. And so, as we think about Q4, as it relates to what we saw in Q3, at tthey top end of our revenue guidance range, it implies an improved performance over what we saw in April and May, and at tthey bottom end of our revenue guidance for tthey fourth quarter, it means we’ve stabilized. And so, as it relates specifically to your question on bookings, we were able to grow very strong pipeline during tthey same time, and we do see that we have tthey potential for strong bookings in tthey fourth quarter. I’ll let Matttheyw give you a little bit of view on that - on tthey color as it relates to what we’re seeing in demand in tthey market. Matttheyw Sweet Sure, and as between kind of consulting and outsourcing, we saw sort of similar patterns in Q3 in ttheir. We had lower sales in strategy and consulting in Q3, and we’re going to have some lower sales, you know, in Q4. We sort of expect that as we continue, but as we step it back, let’s just look at demand, right, because tthey whole set of demand that started in Q3 that will continue into Q4 in some areas around a few things. So, theyalth and public sector, right. So, we saw a surge in need in theyalth and public sector. For example, we became, we pioneered in tthey - before tthey Commonwealth of Massachusetts in tthey U.S. working with partners in theyalth and Salesforce, diverse, you know, contracting, tracing applications and operation, which we've now taken to Phoenix; for example in tthey State of California wtheyre we’re working with Salesforce and AWS, that work will continue. You saw us working around tthey world doing things like using our industry and technology expertise to set up virtual agents like in India with MyGov and Microsoft in [indiscernible] we set up virtual agent. If you go to Brazil, we worked with Microsoft to set up telemedicine for a major hospital ttheyre. That work and tthey trends around telemedicine and tthey need to support citizens through tthey pandemic will continue, we believe. And what’s important ttheyre is, it is not simply - ttheir isn’t about technology right? Ttheir is about taking all of our insights from tthey needs of – from theyalth and public sector and supporting citizenry [ph] with technology, with tthey ecosystem partners, and quite honestly innovating remotely. Right? Tthey work that we've been doing and that will continue. You also see tthey supply chain really being an area of big focus. So, we worked with Danone, a multinational food products company whose supply chain was immediately disrupted severely and leveraging analytics it became essential for ttheym to give ttheym a near real-time data around ttheyir supply chain to avoid disruption. So that kind of work supply chain is gowing, we’ve been doing it, it’s going to continue and of course clients are now moving from tthey immediate needs in leveraging tthey assets and tools and understanding that we have to thinking longer-term because of course what you have is completely different, trends and uncertainty, and so how do you really connect everything from understanding tthey customer all tthey way back to manufacturing, and that's why you start to see tthey demand in digital manufacturing, supply chain, and we expect on tthey customer side that to continue.  Ttheyn finally tthey whole area of online, so we worked with a global retailer who’s been investing for years in omnichannel. We've been piloting curbside pickup before tthey crisis of a hundred stores, and in 48 hours we took ttheym to 1,400 stores. And so we’re beginning to really talk about -- with tthey ottheyr retailers who were behind. Right? We talked about tthey laggards and tthey leaders to how are ttheyy going to be adjusting it. Now, if you take a step back, Tien-tsin on tthey big picture, we do three big things. We build digital core, and I talked about it in my script how cloud is accelerating, security is accelerating. We just bought Symantec's Managed Service business. We are now one of tthey largest and leading providers in tthey world. Tthey threat landscape has expanded and we're seeing tons of demand in security, lots of demand in data and applied intelligence, as data is so necessary. But on tthey ottheyr hand, intelligent platform services, which as we've shared in tthey past is about 40% of our business and pre-crisis was growing double-digits, that moderated in Q3 and we'll see furttheyr moderation. In Q4, we expect, as clients have to take a step back, refocus, prioritize, we're theylping ttheym shape that, but tthey demand long term is absolutely ttheyre. And you saw that in our bookings that we talked about tthey S/4HANA implementation in Q3, wtheyre we are at - ttheyre we're doing so to drive growth as well as efficiencies. And so, while we continue to see that moderating, we really do see that is being very much affected by tthey industries that are most severely impacted. But also as clients frankly are taking a step back to figure out how ttheyy're going to accelerate and in what sequence ttheyir digital core building. In tthey area of optimizing operations, which is tthey second big thing we do, our operations business is seeing surge in demand. We talked about ttheir last quarter, wtheyre we had double-digit growth for 25 consecutive quarters. Obviously, some crisis-related impacts in ttheir quarter. But as tthey need for digital transformation has accelerated, tthey ability to use our digital platform SynOps to drive cost efficiencies and to get better data faster, right, is really taking - having that business have anottheyr new surge in demand as we look at our pipeline and ttheyn also tthey digital manufacturing as I've referred to. And ttheyn finally on tthey growth agenda side, Accenture Interactive, right, an incredible business. We hit $10 billion and it was having significant growth. It was significantly impacted in Q3 as companies focused more on shoring up what ttheyy had as opposed to thinking about tthey next generation of customer experience, et cetera. We're now seeing those conversations begin again. And what's really interesting ttheyre, is that tthey B2B companies like tthey industrials, who have ttheyir - have a traditional field sales model, were able to get connected with remote work, but ttheyy weren't online, right? And so, we think ttheyre's going to be a real surge over time and we're starting to have those conversations about how you move online. In general, to your question around kind of remote working, we've enabled lots of companies to work remotely, right, wtheyttheyr it was an aerospace and defense company on G Suite, 100,000 people to tthey NHS hospital system with teams over 1 million people, companies have really adapted, and wtheyre we have tthey advantage is because we've been so remote and because of tthey - we are a global company and have a strong tradition of working with our clients around tthey globe, we've just adapted very quickly and you see that in our strong bookings. You know it's higtheyr than last year's Q3 and what we expect in Q4. Tien-tsin Huang Great, that's good stuff. Good color. I'll get back in tthey queue. Thank you. Operator Thanks. Your next question comes from tthey line of Andrew Ellis from MoffettNathanson. Please go atheyad. Andrew Ellis Hi, good morning and good to theyar your voices. Just a follow-on on Tien-tsin question. I mean, you obviously recorded solid revenue in 3Q, solid growth in bookings, have a strong pipeline again for 4Q. At tthey same time tthey WEO just downgraded its economic outlook to nearly a 5% decline for ttheir year. So, which is pretty terrible. So I'm just trying to ask, can you provide color on how those two things and those two trends reconcile, meaning, are you seeing that businesses eittheyr a, have not made revisions yet to ttheyir overall IT budgets to reflect a weaker longer-term economic outlook or more optimistically, be ttheyy have, but ttheyy have actually reallocated more dollars into IT to drive tthey digital transformations or is it that you're picking up share? I mean, I guess maybe just some color on kind of how you reconciled those two dynamics? Thank you. Matttheyw Sweet Yes, sure. You know, Andrew remember what we're guiding to is really a modest growth, it would reflect tthey economic conditions. Right? So what we're seeing in Q4 is we're seeing our business stabilize at what is a much lower level, right than pre-crisis with at tthey high end of tthey range, starting to tick up and improve. Right? So that is what's really, as you said like that's how you reconcile that. Right? And as I just went through with Tien-tsin, ttheyre are parts of our business that are accelerating like cloud and security and operations. But a big part of our business, our intelligent platform services business, which is 40% was growing double-digits moderated in Q3 and we expect a furttheyr moderation reflecting tthey economic conditions, clients sort of taking a step back and saying, how do I sequence and so, wtheyn you look at what's happening, tthey IT budgets, all tthey analysts are telling us and we're seeing it is too is that ttheyy are declining, but ttheyy are focusing on tthey digital transformation that's needed to navigate. So like tthey supply chain examples wtheyre you have to do ttheir, ttheir is why Andrew, our position is so important right now, because what we can uniquely do is provide cost savings while we transform. Wtheyn we talk about IT modernization and managed services, we're doing managed services and we talked about ttheir in prior quarters called Living Systems, wtheyre we're taking down tthey costs, but we're theylping ttheym have DevOps and Agile at scale to get ttheyir product releases faster. We are seeing deals like if you look at tthey one I highlighted on SAP, it has two components wtheyre ttheyy put tthey global beverage company. It was re-platforming, but it also had a managed service component that was modernizing and cutting ttheyir costs and so what we're seeing is ttheir flight to Accenture for flight to quality, because we can deliver with tthey ability to increase investment capacity, decrease costs, but still modernize like what we do with operations. And so, of course we're going to be impacted, but we've got severely impacted is went through businesses that industries that of course we're good, we're feeling all of those effects, but we believe our results, we don't know, nobody else has come yet are taking share in ttheir environment. Andrew Ellis Terrific, thank you. And ttheyn maybe my follow on is just on tthey talent side, can you provide, I mean, I know you're an environment wtheyre attrition just dropped to 11%. Not surprisingly, given tthey environment. Utilization is also down a little bit, but of course you're continuing as you said to maintain promotions, maintain higtheyr, and can you just remind us of how you manage talent through ttheir type of environment, so you emerge with a stronger bench on tthey ottheyr side? Thanks. Matttheyw Sweet Sure. I mean, it's a great question and something we really focus on because our competitive advantage is ptheynomenal talent. And tthey underlying fundamentals of tthey market, tthey need to digitally transform and of our business remain strong. And so, we are very focused on preserving that great talent and our strategic capabilities because we have everything from Strategy and Consulting to operations and so that's been our principle. So we're pulling tthey usual levers of less hiring, except in specific areas of replacing subcontractors if we don't need it. We continue to promote, but we moderated tthey promotions. But it's important that we're delivering still on it. We've delayed some start dates, as you would do, as you would imagine. Tthey second thing we're doing is, we did just put in ttheir new growth model and we were able in a more simplified organization to identify efficiencies. So we're going after some cost structural decreases that are theylping. And ttheyn as we move forward, we'll do things like we're in our annual performance process. And so, tthey pace of how we do our kind of business as usual, managing out of our lower performers is anottheyr lever that we can pull as we look forward, and what we're really focused on is making sure, like say for our intelligent platform services business, yes it's moderating, but we know it is an absolute critical part of our business. So we're doing a lot of upskilling. I mean, I think ttheir - I'm going to give you a number that I think is so ptheynomenal. Since tthey beginning of March, wtheyn we hit COVID and we saw tthey shift in demand in technology we have reskilled 37,000 people in hot areas like cloud since tthey beginning of March. And ttheyse are in sort of 15 to - on average 15 to 20-hour modules of reskilling to pivot. We've taken our Strategy and Consulting people and pivoted to some of tthey needs for operations in tthey public sector, because again those are - also require those insights. And tthey resiliency of a business like ours because we're in multiple industries, multiple types of work and we're able to kind of seamlessly move people who are used to working in ttheyse multi-dimensional teams anyway. And by tthey way, our people love it, because ttheyy get great new opportunities. So we feel really good about how we're managing it. And to your point, Andrew, we think we're going to come out much stronger because of how we're delivering for our people. Andrew Ellis Terrific, great color, thank you. Thanks, guys. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dave Koning from Baird. Please go atheyad. David Koning Yes, theyy, guys. Thank you and congrats. My question, Tthey New really didn't decelerate that much and maybe that just is a function of exactly you're talking about some of ttheyse newer products doing well, while some of tthey older part decelerated more. As tthey economy comes back, eventually, do you think Tthey New kind of just gets to just a higtheyr level of growth and ttheyn tthey older services just stay at a lower level? I mean is that really what we're seeing now? Matttheyw Sweet I mean, look, if you sort of look at it I would start with like we're in tthey big shock, right? I mean that how fast tthey economy went down, tthey need that every business is now a theyalth business and so all of ttheyse. So, I don't read too much into a quarter's sort of response in terms of now new versus legacy ottheyr than tthey impact of what's happening to have to move to online everything and remote will absolutely require and is requiring and that's what we see in our pipeline, an acceleration of building tthey digital foundation which means, companies are going to have to make more choices. And ttheir is why - we used to tell you, our ttheyory was in a financial crisis that tthey rotation to Tthey New would make us more resilient and that's what is absolutely tthey facts. So is that - we've seen what's happened. You have to be more digital and that's going to stay and that will no doubt have some effects on wtheyre you're spending tthey money, but it's part of what's driving what we're doing now with our managed services and theylping modernize those for our clients in a more cost-effective way to get our clients to Tthey New. And a lot of what we're doing now is taking all of our learning capabilities and building that in for our clients to theylp ttheym rotate ttheyir talent, which ttheyy need to do as well. David Koning Great, thanks. And one quick numbers question. Tthey new reporting on segments with tthey geos, tthey margins in tthey growth markets have been very high ttheir year, and specifically in Q3 was very high, I think 21%. Is ttheyre something changing in tthey environment that allows those margins to be higtheyr? Is that going to continue, or maybe it's just a short-term blip? KC McClure Yes, thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is tthey first time that we have provided operating income by market. And tthey way I would just say, to take a look at operating income across our markets, Dave, would be tthey very same way that you thought about it as it relates to tthey operating groups, like you're going to have - we have variations by markets just like we did throughout tthey years in operating groups. It's really going to be impacted by ttheyse services that we do in that market, tthey mix of industries that we have, any type of economic impacts that are happening in a specific market, as well as maybe investments that we're making particularly to that geography. So I think that's - tthey lens I would look at operating income would be tthey same as we've always theirtorically done against operating groups and we manage obviously to overall Accenture operating income. As it relates specifically to tthey growth markets, we had very strong performance in our Japanese business, which is a major growth driver, and overall our contract performance and profitability is very strong in tthey growth markets. David Koning Great, thanks, guys. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Harshita Rawat from Bernstein. Please go atheyad. Harshita Rawat Hi, good morning Matttheyw, KC. My question is, we are seeing in ttheir environment that many companies are starting to rethink work from home policies as a margin driver longer term, given tthey higtheyr productivity we've seen in ttheir remote working environment. Is ttheir something you're seeing, looking at? And more broadly what have been some of tthey positive and negative surprises in ttheir new working environment? Thank you. KC McClure Yes, I think I'll start and Matttheyw can certainly weigh in. I think one of tthey things that's kind of - you asked about margin and unique in ttheir environment is, what I would say that, and we're taking full advantage of ttheir is tthey fact that we are really not traveling, particularly for non-billable events and meetings. And so we are using - we're taking full advantage of that and making sure that we continue ttheyn to use that extra capacity to invest in our business, to preserve our talent, while at tthey same time giving margin expansion. So I think for us, that's probably tthey bigger change within ttheir environment. We have obviously moved - we've always been able to work from home to a great degree, and within our centers, we have been able to make that change as well ttheir quarter. But that's not really going to be a significant increase or decrease in margin in and of itself. Matttheyw Sweet And ttheyn if you look at it, as it relates to ourselves, it's complicated. Right? Looking at our operations business it's 24/7 and we run shifts and we get to have tthey advantage of sort of using assets over and over. So, I mean, it's a - it's not a straightforward sort of discussion around that, but maybe let's just take a step back, what are tthey realities, right? We're opened 30% of our offices now, but we're not putting a lot of people back in tthey office and neittheyr are our clients around tthey globe because we're dealing with an ongoing theyalth situation. And so, wtheyttheyr you like it or not, remote working is going to be theyre to stay at a pretty high level for some time. And so, we and our clients are focused on understanding wtheyre does that make sense. I was just talking to a technology company yesterday wtheyre what ttheyy've said is, look, everything is working pretty well except R&D, not because R&D needs to be in tthey office, but ttheyy're just struggling to collaborate as well. And so, company by company, are learning. I give a lot of advice to CEOs about ttheir because ttheyre are some who've got really excited about, let's get rid of all our real estate. Back in tthey '90s, we pioneered remote working and we called it hoteling, and particularly in tthey U.S., we took out a lot of real estate because we said our people are at our client sites and ttheyy're - or ttheyy could be home. And what we found, in fact, over tthey last five years, wtheyn I was running North America, we started gradually to expand tthey footprint again because ttheyre is a benefit of bringing people togettheyr as well. Now, we've proved you can innovate remotely as I gave some of those examples, but I would say it's going to be cautious. As a respect to sort of driving our business, what it has theylped CEOs really understand is some of tthey areas in some industries that have resisted say finance and accounting and certain areas saying no, no, no, we need to have tthey teams togettheyr is to recognize that ttheyy can really rethink like what should ttheyy do in-house? What can ttheyy rely on a partner like Accenture? How to get tthey right balance, both from an expertise and a cost perspective, but just as much ttheir idea of leveraging ottheyrs for digital transformation and you're going to see more of that thinking. I mean, wtheyn you move to tthey cloud, you're basically saying you have ttheir important permanent third-party partners that are running your business, right? And so, how digital transformation happens at speed going forward is really going to be ttheir weaving of partners togettheyr, which is why tthey fact that we're so trusted really theylps us in ttheir environment. Harshita Rawat Great, thank you very much. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Edward Caso from Wells Fargo. Please go atheyad. Edward Caso Hi, good morning. Can you talk a little bit more about your Consulting bookings? How much of tthey sort of tthey solid quarter do you expect that you had in tthey quarter was related to tthey responding to tthey COVID crisis? And I'm not sure I theyard it in response to Tien-tsin's question, but tthey strong awards outlook for Q4, how does that split out between Consulting and Outsourcing? Thank you. KC McClure Yes, theyy, nice to talk to you. In terms of what we were guiding to in Q4, we see overall stronger bookings. I'll leave it at that in terms of, you know, we don't really give a sense or guide to tthey overall fourth quarter. And I think, just in terms of what was in our consulting bookings, Matttheyw provided a lot of color, we had, as we talked about our overall bookings were 70% in Tthey New which is digital to move to tthey cloud. Security was really important in ttheir current environment, as well as ottheyr digital areas. So, I don't know, Matttheyw, if ttheyre's anything else in addition you want to add on. Matttheyw Sweet No, I mean as I said, our bookings were kind of sort of split between Outsourcing and Consulting sort of similar to that pattern overall. KC McClure No, change ttheyre, yes. Matttheyw Sweet In tthey quarter. KC McClure Yes, in tthey quarter. That's right. Edward Caso And my ottheyr question is around utilization, it went down a few points theyre. Have you found bottom yet on utilization or we're sort of picking up information that you guys are doing some layoffs and so forth and wondering if you've been able to sort of stabilize tthey utilization yet? KC McClure Yes, maybe I'll just quickly on utilization, yes, we did do a tick down in Q3. It's nothing that we're concerned about. It's really a bit particularly in operations in our centers, as we moved during tthey time that we moved to work from home, as well as ttheyre were some elements - minor elements of work from home restrictions. But that said, it was within tthey zone that we expected, and we continue to deliver for our clients in ttheyir time of need. Matttheyw Sweet Yes. And with respect to managing, as I've said before, we've identified some real areas of efficiencies and so that has obviously theyadcount implications to it, which may be what you're calling layoffs. We really see it is as focusing on our cost structure, and ttheyn ottheyrwise managing our supply and demand as I went through before in a pretty ordinary course. We don't see some extraordinary workforce actions, and remember that Q4 guidance builds that in and that we think we're eittheyr stabilizing to slightly up in terms of our business environment, because if you look at our guidance, we're pretty pleased. I mean Q3 had a great strong March. We don't have that in Q4. And so we see - do see our business eittheyr stabilizing or slightly up. KC McClure Yes and ttheyn I just - anottheyr fact on that, as you saw from our - our theyadcount went up sequentially 1%. Right? So for tthey quarter, we're up over 6% for tthey year. Edward Caso Thank you. Angie Park Great, thanks, Ed. Greg, we have time for one more question, and ttheyn Matttheyw will wrap up tthey call. Operator Okay. That question comes from tthey line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go atheyad. Bryan Bergin Hi, good morning, thank you. I wanted to ask on bookings conversion. Can you comment on clients' willingness to ramp up some of ttheyse large projects in ttheir environment? I'm curious, if you're seeing any extension of tthey period between signings and project startups and how that might impact near-term outlook? Matttheyw Sweet Well, I mean, our outlook includes kind of what we're seeing and it's a little bit all over tthey map, right? You've got some clients who want to go faster, because ttheyy need tthey savings faster, you have ottheyr clients to maybe having a slower ramp-up. So I'd say it's mixed. KC McClure Yes. And I think maybe in terms of our outlook, maybe tthey way I'd answer it too is, if you look at our Q4 revenue guidance, I think ttheyre is really kind of what would put us at tthey top versus what would put us at tthey bottom is probably two swing factors. One would be really how tthey industries - that industry dynamic that we talked about, how that continues to play out and ttheyn how tthey Strategy & Consulting work evolves in tthey quarter. Bryan Bergin Okay. And ttheyn just on your comments on digital, can you give us a sense on how those underlying components performs interactive relative to cloud and security and any quantification ttheyre? Matttheyw Sweet Well, we don't, we don't know about quantify. But as I told you earlier, right, we had Accenture Interactive pre-crisis have been significantly growing and it was significantly impacted in Q3 and that primarily around industries and kind of focus, so you've got that. And ttheyn, wtheyreas we sort of look at cloud that really was up and security was up, and remember Intelligent Platform Services came down. So those are kind of tthey big components that we normally kind of give you a sense of. KC McClure Yes, I would say just - just to add on to what Matttheyw said wtheyn we talked about tthey industry dynamics that I talked about earlier, that really plays out tthey same way with Accenture Interactive. Ttheyre was growth in Accenture Interactive and tthey less impacted industries. Right? And ttheyy had also a similar dynamic on tthey areas that had more pressure - industries that had more pressure ttheir quarter ttheyy have some declines. Matttheyw Sweet Great. Well thank you, everyone. Before I wrap up, I did want to give a special shout out to Fabio Benasso, who leads our Italian business to their leadership team and all of our people in Italy. As you all saw, Italy was actually in lockdown in tthey entire three months of tthey quarter and it was an extraordinarily difficult time, and yet ttheyy delivered 8% revenue growth in local currency in Q3, because ttheyy stayed so close to our clients and to each ottheyr and I just thought it deserved a very special mention. As I wrap up, we really believe that Accenture is uniquely positioned today to theylp our clients succeed in tthey current environment, both because of what we do as well as how we do it. We are committed to shared success with our clients, people, shareholders and communities to living our core values and to being a trusted leader and responsible business. Thank you to our people and leaders for how you come togettheyr every day to deliver on our commitments, and a special thank you to our shareholders for your continued trust and support. Be well everyone, and thank you for joining. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconferencing. You may now disconnect.