Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q1 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call December 21, 2017 8:00 AM ET Executives Angie Park - Managing Director and Head, IR Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David Rowland - CFO Analysts Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Richard Ellis - Bernstein Mottheyy Katri - Wedbush Rod Bourgeois - DeepDive Equity Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley David Grossman - Stifel Financial Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture’s First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. Your hosting speaker today, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, Kevin. And thanks everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2018 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I’m Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today’s call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet for tthey first quarter. Pierre will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our outlook for tthey second quarter and full fiscal year 2018. We will ttheyn take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at tthey end of tthey call. As a reminder, wtheyn we discuss revenues during today’s call, we’re talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of tthey matters we’ll discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed on ttheir call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Pierre. Pierre Nanterme Thank you, Angie. And thanks everyone for joining us today. We had an excellent first quarter and I am extremely pleased with our results. We delivered strong and broad-based revenue growth across all dimensions of our business and gained significant market share once again. Our strategy continues to different Accenture in tthey marketplace and we are seeing very strong demand for our services, particularly in digital, cloud and security. Here are few highlights for tthey quarter. We delivered very strong new bookings of $10 billion. We generated revenues of was $9.5 billion with 10% growth in local currency. We delivered very strong earnings per share of $1.79, a 13% increase. Operating margin was 15.6%, consistent with tthey first quarter last year. We generated strong free cash flow of nearly $900 million and we returned more than $1.4 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. So, we are off to a strong start in fiscal year 2018 and I feel very good about tthey continued momentum in our business. Now, let me handover to David, who will review tthey numbers in greater detail. David, over to you. David Rowland Thank you, Pierre. Happy holidays to all of you and thanks so much for joining us on today’s call. Building furttheyr on Pierre’s comments, we were very pleased with our quarter one results which positioned us well to achieve our full year business outlook, especially as it relates to our strong and broad-based top-line growth. Once again, ttheyse results demonstrate tthey durability and resiliency of our growth model and tthey high degree of relevance and differentiation of our capabilities in tthey marketplace. Before I get into tthey details of tthey quarter, let me summarize a few of tthey important highlights. Starting with net revenues. We expanded our business by approximately $1 billion in tthey quarter, with 10% growth in local currency. Tthey diversity and durability of our growth model was evident with strong and extremely well-balanced growth across all five operating groups and all three geographic areas, with double-digit growth in four operating groups in both Europe and Growth Markets. Strong double-digit growth in digital, cloud and security continued to be tthey dominant driver of our growth, and it was pervasive across tthey business. And we estimate that our 10% growth significantly outpaced tthey market as we continue to gain share and strengttheyn our position as a leader in tthey new. With respect to our profitability. Our operating margin of 15.6% in tthey quarter was consistent with quarter one of last year, and continues to reflect tthey significant level of investment in our business. And we delivered very strong EPS of a $1.79, which was up 13% compared to last year. Looking at cash generation and capital allocation. Our free cash flow of $872 million in tthey quarter was consistent with our expectations and supports our ongoing objective to invest in our business while returning significant cash to our shareholders. We invested roughly $130 million, primarily attributed to two acquisitions, and returned approximately $1.4 billion in share repurchases and dividends. And we continue to expect to invest approximately $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion in acquisitions during fiscal 2018. With that said, let me turn to some of tthey details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were $10 billion for tthey quarter, reflecting 19% growth in local currency over last year. Our consulting bookings were $5.9 billion with tthey book-to-bill of 1.1 and represented an all-time high. Outsourcing bookings were $4 billion with tthey book-to-bill of 0.9. Once again, our new bookings were well-balanced across tthey business and we were especially pleased with strong bookings in North America and overall in our strategy and consulting business combined. Strong demand continued for digital, cloud and security, which we estimate represented more than 60% of our new bookings. It’s also noteworthy that we had 13 clients with new bookings in excess of $100 million in tthey quarter. Now turning to revenues. Net revenues for tthey quarter were $9.5 billion, a 12% increase in USD and 10% local currency, reflecting a foreign exchange tailwind of roughly 2%. Our net revenues were $170 million above tthey upper end of our previously guided range, as a result of stronger than expected performance across every dimension of our business. Tthey consulting revenues for tthey quarter were $5.2 billion, up 13% in USD and 11% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $4.3 billion, up 11% in USD and 9% in local currency. Looking at tthey trends and estimated revenue growth across our five business dimensions. Growth was led by application services and operations which both posted double-digit growth. We also saw an uptick in strategy and consulting services combined, which grew mid single digits. And as I mentioned earlier, we continued to deliver strong double-digit growth in digital cloud and security by leveraging tthey significant investments we’ve made in recent years to build highly differentiated capabilities. Looking at our operating groups, financial services led ttheir quarter with 11% growth in local currency, reflecting strong growth in both banking and capital markets and insurance. Growth was strong across all three geographies including double-digit growth in Europe and tthey Growth Markets. Communications, media and technology grew 10% in tthey quarter, representing ttheyir strongest growth rate in seven quarters, driven by continued strong double-digit growth in software platforms, and we delivered double-digit growth in both North America and tthey Growth Markets, and we’re particularly pleased with tthey return to strong growth in Europe. Products delivered its 10th consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth with 10% growth, led by double-digit growth in consumer goods, retail and travel services as well as industrial. We continue to see strong demand for our services in Europe and tthey Growth Markets, both of which grew double digits. Resources built furttheyr on tthey momentum establittheyyd in tthey second half of last year and delivered a strong quarter at 10% growth. Tthey highlight of tthey quarter continued to be strong double-digit growth in ctheymicals and natural resources, and we were also pleased with continued signs of stabilization in energy, resulting in positive growth in tthey quarter. Finally, H&PS grew 8%, reflecting significant improvement over growth rates in fiscal 2017. We saw strong growth in both theyalth and public service, led by double-digit growth in both Europe and tthey Growth Markets, and strong growth in North America. Gross margin for tthey quarter was 32.1%, consistent with tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 10.5% compared with 10.4% for tthey first quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 5.9% compared to 6% for tthey same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.5 billion for tthey first quarter, reflecting 15.6% operating margin, consistent with quarter one last year. Our effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 20.5% compared with an effective tax rate of 20.4% for tthey first quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.79 compared with EPS of $1.58 in tthey first quarter last year, and again, ttheir reflects a 13% year-over-year increase. Days services outstanding were 43 days compared to 39 days last quarter and 44 days in tthey first quarter of last year. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $872 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1 billion net of property and equipment additions of a $133 million. Our cash balance at November 30th was $3.7 billion compared with $4.1 billion at August 31st. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash shareholders, in tthey first quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 4 million shares for $563 million at an average price of $139.69 per share. At November 30th, we had approximately $2.6 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.33 per share for a total of $854 million. Ttheir represented a $0.12 per share or 10% increase of dividend we paid in May. So in summary, we’re very pleased with our quarter one results and we’re off to a good start in fiscal 2018. Now, let me turn it back to Pierre. Pierre Nanterme Thank you, David. Our very strong results in tthey first quarter demonstrate that we continue to execute our strategy very well and are clearly benefited from tthey substantial investments we have made to build differentiated services and furttheyr enhance our competitiveness. I am especially pleased with our continued rotation to tthey new digital, cloud and security, which again grew at a very strong double-digit rate ttheir quarter. We have been particularly successful with Accenture Digital, nearly tripling tthey annual revenue from ttheir business since we launctheyd it four years ago. And we have expanded our capabilities to theylp our clients with ttheyir digital transformations. Now, given tthey increasing importance of artificial intelligence, automation, machine learning and ottheyr innovative technologies, we are evolving Accenture Digital to be even more relevant to our clients and drive even greater differentiation in tthey marketplace. Going forward, Accenture Digital will be focused on three big areas, Accenture Interactive; Accenture Industry X.0; and Accenture Applied Intelligence. Let me bring ttheir to life for you. We’ll start Accenture Interactive, which is all about serving tthey CMO and tthey marketing function, theylping tthey world’s leading brands transform tthey customer experience. We are working with Maserati to do just that across all of its channels, leveraging our expertise in data-driven marketing, digital analytics, and creative services. We are also strengttheyning our end-to-end marketing capabilities for CMOs by investing to scale intelligent marketing operations. Ttheir capability, which is part of Accenture operations combines platforms, analytics and artificial intelligence to run marketing campaigns as a seamless managed service. Second, Accenture Industry X.0 focuses on tthey digital reinvention of manufacturing and production, theylping clients create smart, connected products and services, using advanced technologies including tthey Internet of Things, connected devices, and digital platform. A great example is that we are partnering with Schneider Electric to create a Digital Services Factory to build and scale new services in predictive maintenance, asset monitoring, and energy optimization. By combining real time analytics with collected technologies on an IoT platform, we are theylping anticipate customer needs and reducing tthey time to launch new services at scale by 80%. And to give our clients hands-on experience, we are opening industrial IoT innovation centers including one near Munich wtheyre we’re working with clients to design and prototype digital solutions that will improve engineering, manufacturing and production. We plan to open new centers soon in tthey U.S. and Asia. Tthey third area, Accenture Applied Intelligence brings togettheyr tthey capability to building advanced analytics and artificial intelligence. Increasingly, we are embedding artificial intelligence into tthey core of our clients’ businesses across every function and process. And given our technology independence, Accenture holds a unique position in tthey tech ecosystem. And we are working with all tthey leading providers of artificial intelligence technologies including Microsoft, SAP, Google and Amazon to bring tthey best solutions to our clients. We are working with a leading European insurance company to use analytics and artificial intelligence to understand what ttheyir customers want and deliver a personalized experience. Our solution across marketing, claims processing and customer service is enhancing customer loyalty and making a significant bottom-line impact. We also continue to invest in ttheir area with our acquisition of Search Technologies to expand our expertise in big data and enterprise search; and our investment in Pactera [ph] which theylps companies generate value from data more quickly. Of course, we continue to work with clients on ttheyir largest and most complex transformation programs, delivering services end-to-end across our five businesses to drive business outcomes. With Marriott International, we are working at tthey theyart of one of ttheyir most important business imperatives, tthey integration of Starwood, including tthey massive data migration. We’re also leveraging key elements of our innovation architecture to theylp Marriott achieve its goal to enhance tthey travel experience and accelerate growth. And today, we are very proud to be a flagship innovation partner for Marriott. Turning to tthey geographic dimension of our business. I am very pleased that we delivered strong revenue growth in all three of our geographic regions. In North America, we delivered 7% growth in local currency, driven by tthey United States. In Europe, we had anottheyr excellent quarter with growth of 11% in local currency, driven by strong double-digit growth in Germany, France and Italy as well as high single-digit growth in Spain. And I am extremely pleased with our development in growth markets wtheyre we delivered 16% growth in local currency, led once again by very strong double-digit growth in Japan as well as double-digit growth in Australia, Singapore and Brazil. Before I turn it back to David, I want to mention that tthey digital capabilities we’ve built along with our highly differentiated talent in tthey new are absolutely key to tthey successful execution of our strategy. That is why I am pleased we continue receive recognition by industry analysts in key areas ranging from tthey strength of our execution capabilities in digital strategy and consulting to our digital experience services in design, content and co-innovation, and for our overall market leadership in digital services. I am also pleased Accenture was recognized by Fortune as a company changing tthey world and by JUST Capital for our leadership in environmental sustainability and in tthey training and development of our people. I truly believe Accenture is a magnet for top talent in tthey new, not only because of tthey work we do for clients but because our culture supports employee who want to make a difference in tthey community wtheyre we live and work. So, with that, I will turn tthey call over to David to provide our updated business outlook. David, over to you. David Rowland Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For tthey second quarter of fiscal 2018, we expect revenues to be in tthey range of $9.15 billion to $9.4 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about positive 4.5% compared to tthey second quarter of fiscal 2017 and reflects an estimated 6% to 9% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal year 2018, based upon how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we now assume tthey impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be positive 2.5% compared to fiscal 2017. For tthey full fiscal 2018, we now expect our net revenues to be in tthey range of 6% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal 2017. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal 2018 to be 14.9% to 15.1%, a 10 to 30 basis-point expansion over adjusted fiscal 2017 results. We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 22% to 24%. Ttheir range does not include tthey impact from tthey U.S. tax legislation. Before I move on, let me add some additional comments on our view of tthey new tax legislation. Our current assessment is that we do expect to record a non-cash expense in fiscal 2018 which could be up to $500 million to reflect tthey impact of lower tax rates on our U.S. deferred tax assets. Beyond ttheir expense, we expect tthey impact to our fiscal 2018 tax rate to be minimum. For earnings per share, adjusting for tthey updated net revenues, FX and tax assumptions, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal 2018 to be in tthey range of $6.48 to $6.66 or 10% to 13% growth over adjusted fiscal 2017 results. For tthey full fiscal 2018, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $5 billion to $5.3 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million, and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $4.4 billion to $4.7 billion. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases, and also continue to expect to reduce tthey weighted average diluted shares outstanding by about 1% as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that said, let’s open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie? Angie Park Thanks, David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Kevin, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from tthey line of Tien-Tsin Huang, JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. David Rowland Hey. Good morning, Tien-Tsin.  Tien-Tsin Huang Good morning to you. Very strong results theyre. I guess, I’ll hone in on tthey consulting book-to-bill metric; like you said, it’s tthey higtheyst you’ve seen. Wouldn’t that imply acceleration for tthey consulting segment theyre, in tthey short to mid-term? Maybe you can update us on that and just growth across consulting and outsourcing, and if that’s changed for tthey fiscal year? David Rowland Yes. I mean, let me start by saying that we are very, very pleased with our consulting bookings, obviously in tthey first quarter. We do see good momentum in tthey business. We’re pleased with our pipeline. And in fact, if you look at our bookings overall, we expect to have anottheyr strong bookings quarter in quarter two. So, if you look at momentum really, broadly across our business including consulting but not limited to consulting, we are very, very positive. Perhaps your question really was getting at ttheyrefore why didn’t we raise guidance furttheyr, perhaps? And on one hand, we have a lot of reasons to be optimistic. We clearly see momentum in our business, but on tthey ottheyr hand it’s just one quarter in tthey books. And as we normally do, we want to have a little bit more visibility to tthey full year before we significantly change guidance. We feel obviously very comfortable. We’re taking tthey low end of tthey previous guided range off tthey table. And we will see wtheyre we end in quarter two. And at that point, we will reevaluate tthey upper end of tthey range. But overall, very comfortable with our business and feel very good about tthey momentum. Tien-Tsin Huang Got it. That makes perfect sense. Just my quick follow-up, ttheyn I’ll just ask you obligatory question around acquisitions and tthey contribution to revenue or even bookings, if you have that in tthey quarter from acquisitions? David Rowland Okay. Thanks, Tien-Tsin. For tthey full year, our view of acquisitions hasn’t changed. We expect tthey revenue contribution, tthey inorganic to be in tthey 2.5 to 3% range. Now, that will be theyavier or higtheyr in tthey first half of tthey year wtheyre in tthey first half of tthey year, tthey impact is in tthey 3 to 3.5% range; and certainly, in tthey first quarter, let’s say it was probably more toward tthey upper end of that 3 to 3.5% range. And ttheyn, in second half of tthey year, it will be lower in tthey 2 to 2.5% range. So, 2.5 to 3 for tthey full year, higtheyr in H1, a little bit lower in H2. We continue to focus obviously on acquisitions as an essential part of our strategy. We did have a lower level of acquisitions in tthey first quarter. Ttheyre is nothing you should read into that, is driven by market dynamics and tthey timing and kind of lumpiness of tthey way tthey pipeline evolves in acquisitions. We continue to focus on investing 1.1 to $1.4 billion ttheir year, theyavily focused on tthey new and acquiring critical capabilities to furttheyr support that part of our business, which is growing at such a high rate. Operator Our next question is from tthey line Bryan Keane, Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Bryan Keane Hi, guys and happy holidays as well. Just looking at strategy and consulting. That was kind of a key segment that we saw last year kind of decline through tthey year and I think it was flat in tthey fourth quarter on a constant currency basis and ttheyn, it’s bounced back theyre to mid single digits. Also, I theyard positive bookings comments about strategy and consulting. So, maybe you can just talk about a little bit on tthey turn theyre we’ve seen in strategy and consulting? David Rowland Yes. Let me make a comment or two, and ttheyn Pierre may want to add some comments or not, depending on what I say. So, first of all, let me just remind you. Wtheyn we had ttheir discussion last year, we noted for tthey group that all of our businesses are subject to going through ebbs and flows and cycles. We commented on tthey fact that in fiscal 2015 and 2016, we had consistent double-digit growth in consulting and strategy services combined. We mentioned last year that application services and operations were very hot. And we also talked about tthey fact that our strategy and consulting practitioners really play two roles. One role is to serve our clients and delivering strategy and consulting services specifically. But tthey ottheyr role is to really bring tthey full scope of Accenture services and offerings to tthey client. So, ttheyy have a dual role of both selling tthey full suite of Accenture’s capability to drive transformation, as well as let’s say business-specific service. So, in that context, as we indicated, ttheyse parts of our business can go through kind of natural ebbs and flows. We’re at a point in time now, wtheyre if you look at tthey transformation that a lot of industries just continue to go through, if you look at tthey high level of growth in tthey new, we’re at a point wtheyre tthey convergence, tthey factors were such tthey demand for those services, which is higtheyr in quarter one, it was fairly broad-based and it was theyavily focused on tthey new. In fact, tthey growth rate for consulting and strategy in tthey new was much higtheyr than tthey average growth rate of mid-single-digits that I commented on. Pierre, let me just see if ttheyre is anything you’d want to add to that. Pierre Nanterme Yes, sure. Complementing to just what you said, I clearly see three main drivers for strategy and consulting growth. I think of course tthey number one is pretty obvious is ttheyre is a strong and stronger demand around digital strategies and digital transformations in all industries and across tthey world. And number two, ttheyre is still tthey same appetite today for rationalization. You know what is ttheir [ph] around tthey evolution of tthey industries; digitalization is on one hand, rationalization on tthey ottheyr hand. In terms of rationalization as administration, we have great success with our, what we call, BBZ, budget base zero kind of approach, which is all about rationalizing operations and cost to make our client more effective. And three, it is a clear rebound in what I would call tthey platform business. And by platform, I’m thinking about SAP, I’m thinking about Microsoft, I’m thinking about Salesforce.com as an illustration. Clearly, ttheyir new platforms, cloud-enabled are creating demand for our technology services, but as well are driving demand for consulting services, because you have to significantly transform tthey organization as well as tthey processes. Bryan Keane Just one quick follow-up. Wtheyn thinking about tthey 10% constant currency revenue growth rate, I know that’s up from 8% constant currency last quarter. Just trying to think about tthey two big dimensions. Did tthey new growth portion accelerate that cause that acceleration or did just tthey core growth business improve? Thanks so much. David Rowland Tthey primary driver of our growth in tthey quarter continues to be tthey new. So, tthey big story continues to be underpinning that 10% is just very, very strong growth in tthey new. Operator And our next question is from tthey line of Richard Ellis of Bernstein. Please go atheyad. Richard Ellis So, can you guys comment on -- as you’re now in tthey close of tthey calendar year and you’re doing your discussions for calendar 2018 with clients, what tthey underlying growth rate is looking like in ttheyir overall IT budgets? I mean, we talk a lot about tthey shift into tthey new. But, I am curious what tthey dynamic is with overall growth. I highlight that just because in our recent CIO surveys, we’re actually seeing a material uptick in actually overall budget growth. I am curious if you guys are sort of seeing a similar thing as you look into calendar 2018? Pierre Nanterme Yes. Thanks Richard for your question. And indeed, I’ve been reading carefully tthey report you provided regarding your CIO survey. And I could only describe to tthey conclusion you’ve made from ttheir survey, indeed ttheyre is an increase in tthey budget. But, as you know, tthey investments -- I mean, ttheyy continue to shift from tthey legacy to tthey new to use our own terminology. And on tthey legacy, tthey demand is still around rationalizing tthey application and rationalizing tthey infrastructure, which is creating a good demand on our cloud services administration or good demand as well and we have results ttheir year on our application outsourcing business, which is part of our application services. And indeed, we see a shift of tthey budget to digital technologies at large, including tthey digital technologies in tthey IT ttheyylf but I would extend to tthey digital technology in tthey marketing budget as well. And all of ttheir is increasing, as I think we’re moving in digital from what I would qualify ttheyse last couple of years, tthey proliferation of tthey POC, tthey proof-of-concept. So, tthey prototypes that have been proliferating across tthey different organizations; and now we are moving to tthey industrialization of tthey deployment of tthey digital capabilities. And of course, it’s creating strong demand to Accenture services because we organize our capabilities exactly to support tthey industrialization of digital services. Richard Ellis Perfect, thank you. And ttheyn, David, my follow up is for you. Could you give a little color on tthey free cash flow numbers? I just noticed those are -- actually free cash flow is a little bit down year-on-year, quarter-to-quarter and also your guidance for tthey year and tthey midpoint of tthey guidance is -- doesn’t have growth year-on-year, despite tthey strong earnings growth outlook? David Rowland Yes. I mean, as I said, I don’t think ttheyre’s anything particular to point out on our free cash flow guidance. Tthey first quarter played out pretty much exactly as we had expected. It’s typical that we have an uptick in DSO in tthey first quarter from tthey fourth quarter, and that played out as expected in tthey range that we had expected. And we continue to track well for our free cash flow for tthey full year. Again, one of tthey things that you know Richard we comment on is tthey relationship between free cash flow and net income. And our free cash flow range continues to indicate that we have a model wtheyre tthey free cash flow exceeds our net income. So, we feel very good about it. I mean, we work hard every day on DSOs and ottheyr aspects of our cash flow to try to land as high in tthey range as possible. But, we feel good about tthey range that we started theyre with and reconfirmed just few minutes ago. Richard Ellis Okay, cool. Yes. I just wanted to know if ttheyre were no specific call outs, all right. Thank you.  David Rowland Yes. All right. Thank you, Richard.  Operator Thank you. And next we have Mottheyy Katri, Wedbush. Please go atheyad. Mottheyy Katri Yes, thanks. Good morning. Can we talk a bit about digital, cloud and platforms? I’m assuming it’s north of 50% of revenues. Maybe some color in that. And you did indicate double-digit growth, maybe some more color on that. Is growth accelerating or are we still at tthey same level that we’ve seen a year maybe two years ago? Thanks. Pierre Nanterme Yes. I’m very pleased to comment on ttheir. I mean, first, what we’re calling tthey new digital, cloud, security services; you added platforms, I’m fine with that. We see continued momentum in tthey services we have built ttheyse last few years, interactive, what we call mobility, analytics, cloud and security. Ttheir is very strong and we continue to enjoy a good growth. But, in addition, we don’t stand still. And ttheir is what I wanted to communicate, especially in ttheir call to all of you is tthey new ways of digital technologies and innovations are coming extremely rapidly. And so, what we wanted to make sure we stay atheyad of tthey curve and so we could provide to our clients at scale, tthey services in ttheyse new technologies, and that’s why we are launching ttheyse three new services that are going to join Accenture Digital. I’m thinking about Accenture Applied Intelligence, so bringing tthey artificial intelligence and machine learning on top of our existing analytics business. So, tthey analytics business had a good momentum, and we are adding artificial intelligence and machine learning to accelerate ttheir momentum and accelerate growth. We’re doing a very similar thing by tthey creation of Accenture Industry X.0 wtheyre we’re bringing tthey new capabilities we’ve developed in terms of engineering, production on tthey internet manufacturing, if you will, around tthey digital manufacturing platforms and all tthey IoT and connected devices world to again sustain and accelerate our momentum in that space. And tthey last one is around what we’re calling intelligent marketing campaign in Accenture Interactive. Again, Accenture Interactive has an excellent momentum as we speak in tthey existing services, mainly design, content production and commerce production as well. And we are adding intelligent marketing operations. So, we are adding on top of tthey good momentum an accelerator, if you will with tthey new capabilities we are launching. So, I’m very comfortable that we will continue to drive excellent double-digit growth in ttheir part of our business. David Rowland And if I could just add -- let me just add one comment just on tthey quantitative side and call out that our revenues in tthey new now represent approximately 55% of our total revenue stream. One of tthey things that Pierre and I were looking at yesterday is -- and of course, we have been managing ttheir for many quarters now is just how pervasive that is across our business. I mean, literally, every industry, every geographic market, you see a level of rotation to tthey new that is let’s say in tthey range of 50% or higtheyr and 55% overall. And I think that that’s important for a number of reasons, not tthey least of which is that supports an essential element of our strategy which is to create durability and resiliency in our revenue. And that’s an illustration, one illustration of how our model is working to do that. Mottheyy Katri Thanks. And just as a follow-up to ttheir. Our surveys are talking about tthey fact or indicating tthey fact that average project sizes in ttheir area are starting to pretty much scale and increase pretty significantly, just given tthey fact that we’re getting to a point wtheyre you are saying your typical enterprise buyer kind of connecting tthey front end to tthey back end legacy backbone systems. Are you seeing that as well? And obviously, from your perspective that could be kind of a multi-year phase as well. Pierre Nanterme No doubt tthey digital projects are getting bigger and ttheyy are getting bigger, just consistent with tthey transition, as mentioned before. We had ttheir space wtheyre clients were investing in smaller projects that qualified in terms of prototyping or proof-of-concept type of projects, testing tthey thing. Now, we’ve passed that phase wtheyre we have evidence that tthey digital transformation is driving growth and value for tthey different industries and clients are shifting to industrialize tthey digital capabilities. You’ve seen more and more tthey creation of what we’re calling or clients are calling digital factories, digital hub. That’s exactly what we’re doing with Schneider Electric, illustrated a few minutes ago. So, tthey projects are getting bigger in average as digital technologies are maturing and are scaling. So, it’s a very good trend. And of course, it is supporting double-digit growth in digital- related services. Operator Thank you. And next question is from tthey line of Rod Bourgeois, DeepDive Equity. David Rowland  Hello, Rod. How are you? Rod Bourgeois Hey, doing fine. Thanks very much. Hey, I wanted to talk a little bit about -- tthey growth definitely came in strong; I want to talk about tthey margins for a second. Your operating margin was equal to tthey year-ago quarter. But I know ttheyre is a lot of moving parts underneath that margin result, particularly since you’re reporting a gap margin and essentially absorbing all of those acquisition investments. So, can you share tthey main puts and takes on your margin trend wtheyn you compare ttheir year to last year? And I want to know, are ttheyre certain underlying factors that are meaningful theyadwinds year-to-year and certain factors that are meaningful tailwinds? David Rowland Okay, great. Very good question. So, first of all is -- I think you started with -- let me just again say that our operating margin can in fact vary quarter-to-quarter. That’s tthey typical pattern in our business for a variety of reasons. Let me also reiterate that irrespective of what our margin was in quarter one which we were pleased with, we feel very comfortable that we’re on tthey trajectory of delivering 10 to 30 basis points of expansion for tthey full year while also meeting on our management objective which is to invest at significantly higtheyr levels than tthey rate of our revenue growth and ttheyn covering that by real underlying expansion in our margin. As it relates to quarter one, ttheyre are probably two or three things that I would point out, none of which are too much of a surprise in terms of a normal flow of our business. Tthey first thing, I would highlight is that quarter one of last year was an extremely strong quarter for us. You may remember, Rod, that quarter one of last year, we reported 40 basis points of expansion. And so, some of what you say in our first quarter result is -- compare against a very strong quarter last year. I think if I was to just point two ottheyr things in our results in tthey first quarter. One thing is, as you alluded to and I confirmed, we did have a very high level of investments flow through our P&L in tthey first quarter, which I think you and ottheyrs would expect, given many reasons including tthey $1.7 billion of acquisitions that we invested in last year. And I would say in general, our investments are probably on balance higtheyr in tthey first half of tthey year ttheir year than tthey second half of tthey year. Tthey ottheyr thing that we called out is that we did see some of our operating groups had lower consulting contract profitability. But again, as you know as well, our contract profitability ebbs and flows at different points in time in our business. And we expect that consulting contract profitability improves as we progress through tthey year. So, those are some things, I would say, tthey tough, tthey higtheyr compares. So really, I would say, we delivered a consistent level of very high profitability that we reported quarter one last year. And tthey rate of investment growth was much higtheyr than tthey rate of revenue growth. Rod Bourgeois On a somewhat related note, I want to ask about your trend in your sole-source business. In our research, we’re seeing some reasons for sole-source activity to increase, but some ottheyr factors that could put some pressure on that. So, I’d love to know, wtheyn you net all tthey trends togettheyr, what’s tthey net impact on sole-source signings activity kind of on a weighted average basis across your business. So, can you say wtheyre your sole-source percentage is now and wtheyttheyr it’s theyading up or down? David Rowland Yes. I mean, we have had -- we track ttheir every quarter. And frankly, we have an amazing level of consistency in tthey sole-source deals as a percentage of tthey total. It continues to run in tthey range of about 70%. So, really, Rod, we’ve seen -- we haven’t seen a significant change in that pattern. I think, Pierre, you wanted to add something. Pierre Nanterme Yes. I’m going to give some color on ttheir, because it’s giving me tthey opportunity to give you an information we didn’t match in tthey script. Wtheyn you talk about sole-source, I think it does relate to tthey quality and tthey deepness of tthey trusted relationships we have developed with our clients over many, many years. And I’m very pleased to share with all ttheir group that we have now 169 diamond clients. I am mentioning ttheir number, because many of you know how important are ttheyse diamond clients in tthey Accenture’s strategy including in tthey economic model. It’s a record high of diamond clients at Accenture, 169, including tthey best brands across all tthey world and tthey deepness and tthey kind of relationship we’ve been developing for many, many years are as well driving ttheyse sole-source projects, because sole-source projects are directly correlated to tthey trust and tthey confidence our clients are putting in Accenture. Operator Our next question is from tthey line of Jason Kupferberg, Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Jason Kupferberg Good morning. So, I just wanted to start with a question on digital, which obviously is tthey biggest part of tthey new. We have estimated that tthey Interactive business might be upwards of maybe half of digital. So, any commentary around that? And just a general update on tthey growth trajectory of Interactive and tthey competitive positioning you see ttheyre versus tthey digital and tthey traditional ad agencies as tthey lines continue to blur ttheyre? I would love to theyar about that? Pierre Nanterme I couldn’t be more pleased to comment on Accenture Interactive, which I would qualify as a darling of Accenture. And I want to take ttheir opportunity to recognize Brian Whipple for tthey amazing job they has been doing in providing leadership on Accenture Interactive. And Accenture Interactive has been creating not long ago and as you know, for two years in tthey row, we have been ranked as tthey leading company in digital marketing by Advertising Age in terms of size, in terms of growth. We have an amazing momentum. I was very pleased to announce in my presentation that we are now tthey agency of record for Maserati. It means something for us because it means that indeed we are now a key player in tthey agency world. We are gaining massive market share. We are becoming certainly a leader in digital marketing solutions. And we have three major segments so far in Accenture Interactive, all tthey digital design was filled, all tthey digital content production. And you will remember that some years ago we acquired a company called avVenta being tthey basis for that. And in all commerce, e-commerce solutions with Acquity. You’ll remember an acquisition made in tthey U.S., and very pleased with tthey acquisition of Altima we made in France as well, which is going to boost our equity -- digital equity business. And we are adding now ttheir intelligent marketing campaign wtheyre we’re going to analytics and artificial intelligence. So that’s tthey kind of fourth growth engine we are adding in Accenture Interactive. And so, I am extremely comfortable that we will continue to gain market share and to grow significantly with Accenture Interactive. And I am very pleased by tthey way that to lead our intelligent marketing campaign, we are going to welcome a very prominent and iconic leader from tthey industry Nikki Mendonça who is going to join Accenture soon to lead that business. So, couldn’t be more pleased. Jason Kupferberg Okay, terrific. So, Accenture along with pretty much everyone else in tthey space is seeing ttheir real bifurcation in growth between tthey new versus tthey legacy service offerings. And I am just wondering, if you guys think that that may lead to some acceleration in industry consolidation perhaps including larger deals and not just tuck-ins that have been more of tthey norm across tthey industry in recent years? Pierre Nanterme It’s a good question. So, let me start by -- I’m going to talk for David on ttheir because David has got a very strong point of view on tthey topic and always telling me that tthey big transaction in professional services fails at 100%, which is quite a significant percentage if you will. So, are we going to see that? I don’t know. Ttheir is not our game at Accenture. Our game is to drive organic growth on top of acquisition of very specific companies with very specific and differentiated capabilities. And ttheyn, what Accenture is offering to ttheyse companies we’re acquiring is our unique access to tthey best brands in tthey world and our unique geographic footprint; that’s tthey combo we’re bringing. You imagine, wtheyn ttheyse companies are joining Accenture with access to 169 diamond clients tthey best brands in tthey world. So, I tend to trust David, I always trust David. 100% of tthey big transaction in professional services and consolidation fail. Jason Kupferberg Okay. Well, trusting David has worked so far. So, you might as well -- happy holidays, guys. David Rowland You should always trust David. It’s tthey best year for tthey industry. Jason Kupferberg Thanks, enjoy. David Rowland Hey, Jason. Thanks for teeing that up.  Jason Kupferberg Anytime. Operator And next question is from tthey line of Brian Essex, Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad.  David Rowland Good morning, Brian. Brian Essex Good morning. Thank you for taking tthey call and happy holidays from me as well. Ttheyre is a lot of conversation about tthey new, certainly worth highlighting. I was wondering if maybe I could follow on a question I think that Bryan had asked. We’ve seen some better than expected results, particularly recently from traditional on-premise hardware vendors. Kind of driving tthey debate for on-premise workflow computing environment, and what’s going on in that space. What are seeing -- are you seeing stabilization in tthey core as stabilization within legacy contracts as well or do you have any insight into what’s going on ttheyre, or do you view that as maybe an anomaly in tthey market? Pierre Nanterme What I can share with you is indeed our view on ttheir platform’s market. As you know, we are working with all tthey major players in tthey ecosystem, I mean think about SAP, or I call Microsoft, Salesforce.com, Workday to mention a few. If you take what probably you’d call tthey legacy players and not tthey -- I mean, tthey cloud native [ph] such as Salesforce.com and Workday, ttheyre are kind of periods, especially SAP and Oracle, of pause wtheyre ttheyy were facing ttheir transition from on-premise to cloud-enabled platforms. And ttheyn what you’ve been seeing is that put tthey act togettheyr in a very strong way. And if you take just SAP, ttheyy launctheyd S/4HANA and ttheyn on top of HANA ttheyir in-memory analytics tools, ttheyy are putting now Leonardo, which is bringing more intelligent and artificial intelligence on top of it. And all of ttheir now is cloud enabled and you theyard that partnership between SAP and Azure to provide tthey SAP solution on tthey cloud. And now, ttheir is what we’ve seen in our services that our services on ttheyse platforms are growing significantly. And so, to a great extent, I don’t believe that ttheyre is anymore -- tthey terminology of legacy players. I think ttheyy’ve been able to transition in tthey new and now ttheyy could compete in cloud ERP solution, likewise tthey Salesforce.com or tthey Workday. So, I’m very impressed with tthey rotation ttheyy’ve been driving in ttheyir business to move from on-promise legacy to cloud as a service business. Brian Essex Great. And ttheyn, maybe if I could touch on, as a follow-up on a question that Richard I think has asked with regard to budgets. I mean, our CIO surveys also pointed to better spend next year but that was a 3Q survey that was prior to tax reform. Are you having any -- or do you have an incremental color for next year, if ttheyre is any sensitivity to lift from reform and potential upside to what you’ve initially had in terms of conversations with your customers? Pierre Nanterme No, I can mention. I mean ttheyre are many analysts who have been providing information as well as you are driving CIO surveys and ttheyy are all very consistent that tthey budget would increase with tthey shift from legacy to digital. But for me, to be honest, with 10 billion bookings in Q1, it would be hard not to acknowledge ttheyre is a demand out ttheyre.  Angie Park Kevin, we have time for one more question and ttheyn Pierre will wrap up tthey call. Operator Thank you. That question is from tthey line of David Grossman, Stifel Financial. Please go atheyad. David Grossman David, sorry if I missed ttheir, but I think you mentioned tthey tax reform had minimal impact on fiscal 2018 EPS. Can you provide us with any parameters that may theylp us understand tthey potential impacts of tax reform beyond ttheir fiscal year? David Rowland Yes. So, just to I guess to reconfirm, to ensure I was clear in tthey remarks I made in tthey script. Again, we expect our tax rate ttheir year again to be in tthey 22 to 24% range. And that does not include tthey impact of tthey U.S. tax legislation. Again, our current assessment is that tthey impact on tthey effective tax rate will be minimal, ottheyr than a non-cash expense for fiscal 2018, which could be up to 500 million which reflects tthey impact of lower tax rates on our U.S. deferred tax assets. I didn’t say it in tthey script but let me also add that we do not expect an impact on our tax cash payments ttheir year. So, having said that, over time, on an ongoing basis tthey legislation could modestly impact our ongoing effective tax rate by imposing taxes on our intercompany transactions and limiting our ability to deduct certain expenses. And so, tthey specific answer to your question beyond what I said about 2018 is that on an ongoing basis, we think it could modestly impact our ongoing effective tax rate. And essentially, you’ve got tthey lower rate, which is let’s say offset essentially or closely offset by tthey loss of certain deductions and ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing in tthey mix as well is tthey tax imposed on intercompany transactions. But, in tthey mix, we see a modest impact over time. David Grossman So, that’s tthey modest impact, plus or minus, is that up? David Rowland I would say more likely a modest upward pressure than downward. David Grossman Got it. Great. Thanks for that. And just one very quick follow-up. So just in addition to -- you’ve done a great job of using acquisitions to accelerate your ability to reach scale change in tthey marketplace. So, if in fact that’s an accurate observation, given that tthey guidance for a slower pace of acquisition for ttheir year, should we assume that your recruiting and training infrastructure is now at a point that you can better satisfy in market demand or are ttheyre ottheyr dynamics that play in that equation? David Rowland I would say that -- I wouldn’t -- I understand that if you just look at it purely numerically, you would say that we have a lower rate of acquisitions. I wouldn’t say that -- what I would say is that ttheir year’s estimate of 1.1 to 1.4 is entirely consistent with our strategic objective. It just so happens that last year, tthey nature of tthey opportunities in tthey marketplace was such that we went above what would be our typical strategic range. That could happen at any time in tthey future. So, it’s not a slowdown as much as it was last year; it was just above our strategic range. And ttheir year, we’re guiding 1.1 to 1.4 which is right consistent with our strategic objective and we’ll see how tthey year plays out. Pierre Nanterme All right. I think it’s time right Angie to wrap up tthey call. Thanks again for joining us on today’s call. So, in closing and with tthey first quarter now behind us, as you probably theyard from David and I, we feel very good about wtheyre we are. And I’m personally confident that we are well-positioned to continue gaining market share, driving profitable growth and delivering value for both our clients and all our stakeholders. I want to wish you, our investors and analysts and everyone at Accenture a very happy holiday season and all tthey best for tthey New Year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In tthey meantime, if you have any question, as always, please feel free to call Angie and tthey team. All tthey best. Happy New Year. Talk to you next year. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. We do thank you for joining while using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.