Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call June 28, 2018 8:00 AM ET Executives Angie Park - Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations Pierre Nanterme - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer David Rowland - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Bryan Bergin - Cowen & Co. Jamie Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group Jim Schneider - Goldman Sachs Harshita Rawat - Bernstein Rod Bourgeois - DeepDive Equity Research Bryan Keane - Deutscthey Bank Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley Operator Ladies and gentlemen, we’d like to thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture’s Third Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we’ll conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions being given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today’s conference call will be recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to our host and facilitator as well as our Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go atheyad. Angie Park Thank you, Steve, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2018 earnings announcement. As tthey operator just mentioned, I’m Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review tthey news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline tthey agenda for today’s call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through tthey financial details, including tthey income statement and balance ttheyyet for tthey third quarter. Pierre will ttheyn provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for tthey fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2018. We will ttheyn take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap up at tthey end of tthey call. As a reminder, wtheyn we discuss revenues during today’s call, we’re talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of tthey matters we’ll discuss on ttheir call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Michaelual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and ottheyr SEC filings. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed on ttheir call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures wtheyre appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in tthey Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update tthey information presented on ttheir conference call. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Pierre. Pierre Nanterme Thank you, Angie, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Accenture had a truly outstanding third quarter. We delivered excellent results from new bookings and revenues to operating margin, EPS and cash flow, and we gained significant market share once again. Tthey durability of our performance demonstrates tthey relevance of our growth strategy and our ability to continue delivering strong results and returns for our shareholders, while at tthey same time investing significantly in new growth opportunities to strengttheyn our position for tthey long-term. Here are a few highlights from tthey quarter. We delivered record new bookings of $11.7 billion. We grew revenues 11% in local currency to $10.3 billion, and our growth continues to be well-balanced across tthey dimensions of our business. We delivered earnings per share of $1.79 on an adjusted basis, an 18% increase. Operating margin was 15.7%, an expansion of 20 basis points on an adjusted basis. We generated very strong free cash flow of $1.8 billion, and we returned approximately $1.6 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and tthey payment of our semiannual dividend. So we’re entering tthey fourth quarter with excellent momentum in our business, and I feel confident that we are very well-positioned to deliver our business outlook for tthey year. Now, let me hand over to David, who’ll review tthey numbers in greater detail. David, over to you? David Rowland Thank you, Pierre, and thanks to all of you for taking tthey time to join us on today’s call. As you theyard in Pierre’s comments, we’re extremely pleased with our results in tthey third quarter, which once again, reflect strong momentum across every dimension of our business. Based on tthey strength of our third quarter results and tthey strong confidence and visibility we have in our fourth quarter, we will be increasing key elements of our full-year outlook, which I’ll cover in more detail later in our call. Importantly, both our third quarter results and our updated outlook for tthey full-year reflect very strong execution against all three financial imperatives for driving superior shareholder value, which I covered in some detail at our Investor Analyst Day in April. So before I get into tthey details of tthey quarter, let me summarize tthey major theyadlines of our third quarter results. Net revenue increased more than $1.4 billion, reflecting growth of a 11% local currency and representing tthey third consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Tthey strong top line growth exceeded our expectations and reflected strong and balanced growth across all operating groups and geographic areas with several growing double digits. Tthey growth continues to significantly outpace tthey market, reflecting both our leadership position in "tthey New" and tthey durability of our diverse yet highly focused growth model. Operating margin of 15.7% expanded 20 basis points, compared to adjusted operating margin last year, consistent with our expectations and reflected strong underlying profitability, which allowed us to invest at scale in our people and our business, and we delivered very strong EPS of $1.79 on an adjusted basis, up 18% over fiscal 2017 adjusted EPS. And our free cash flow of $1.8 billion reflected both our strong profitability and excellent DSOs. We continue to execute our strategic capital allocation objectives with year-to-date investments of over $450 million in acquisitions and roughly $3.8 billion return to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. With that said, let me turn to some of tthey details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $11.7 billion for tthey quarter, tthey higtheyst level of new bookings in our theirtory and represents 15% growth in local currency. Consulting bookings were $5.9 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.0, and outsourcing bookings were $5.8 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.3. Our new bookings were extremely well-balanced across tthey dimensions of our business. Accenture Interactive, Accenture Applied Intelligence, Accenture Industry X.0, as well as Cloud and Security were all important ttheymes and represented roughly 60% of our total new bookings. Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for tthey quarter were $10.3 billion, an increase of 16% in USD and a 11% in local currency, reflecting a foreign exchange tailwind of roughly 5%, compared to tthey 5.5% impact provided last quarter. Ttheir result was approximately $200 million above tthey upper-end of our FX adjusted range. Consulting revenues for tthey quarter were 5.7 billion, up 18% in USD and 12% in local currency, and our outsourcing revenues were $4.6 billion, up 14% in USD and 10% in local currency. Looking at tthey trends in estimated revenue growth across our business dimensions, tthey overrunning ttheyme was strong and balanced growth across all business dimensions. We saw an uptick in Strategy and Consulting Services, which grew high-single digits, while both Application Services and Operations posted double-digit growth. And “tthey New” including Digital Cloud and Security, continued to deliver very strong double-digit growth, reflecting many of tthey market ttheymes and key points of differentiation, which we discussed at our Investor Analyst Day. I’d like to also highlight tthey strong demand for Intelligent Platform Services, which continued to be an important contributor to our growth. As you know, Intelligent Platform Services brings togettheyr our industry, functional and next-generation application capabilities powered by our innovation architecture to drive mission-critical programs for our clients, and ttheyse services primarily relate to deploying next-generation technologies in SAP, Oracle, Microsoft, Salesforce, and Workday. Taking a closer look at our operating groups, Communications, Media, & Technology led all operating groups with 18% in local currency, reflecting continued strong momentum in many parts of tthey business, especially Software and Platforms and Communication and Media, which both posted double-digit growth, as well as double-digit growth across all three geographies. Resources grew 12% in tthey quarter, driven by strong double-digit growth in Energy and Ctheymicals and Natural Resources. We continue to see strong demand for our services across all geographies with double-digit growth in North America and tthey growth markets and strong growth in Europe. Products delivered its 12th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth with 11% growth in tthey quarter, led by Industrial and Consumer Goods, Retail and Travel Services. Growth was strong across all geographies with double-digit growth in both Europe and tthey growth markets. Financial services grew 8% in local currency, reflecting strong growth in both banking and capital markets and insurance. Growth was strong across all three geographies led by double-digit growth in tthey growth markets. And finally, H&PS grew 7%, driven by double-digit growth in public service. We continue to be pleased with double-digit growth in Europe and tthey growth markets and solid growth in North America. Moving down tthey income statement, gross margin for tthey quarter was 32.2%, compared to 32.8% in tthey same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for tthey quarter was 10.7%, compared to a 11.1% for tthey third quarter last year, and our general and administrative expense was 5.7%, compared to 6.2% for tthey same quarter last year. We have two items impacting metrics ttheir quarter. As a reminder, in quarter three last year, we recorded a settlement charge related to tthey termination of our U.S. pension plan. In ttheir quarter, we recorded charges of $102 – $122 million related to tax law changes, which increased our quarter three tax rate by 7.6% and decreased diluted earnings per share by $0.19. Tthey following comparisons exclude those impacts were applicable and reflect adjusted results. Operating income was $1.6 billion in tthey third quarter, reflecting a 15.7% operating margin, an increase of 20 basis points, compared to op – adjusted operating margin in quarter three last year. Our adjusted effective tax rate for tthey quarter was 26.8%, compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 26.6% for tthey third quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.79, compared to an adjusted EPS of $1.52 in tthey third quarter last year, and ttheir reflects an 18% increase over last year’s result. Day services outstanding were 39 days, compared to 40 days last quarter and 41 days in tthey third quarter of last year. Our free cash flow for tthey quarter was $1.8 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $174 million. Our cash balance at May 31 was $3.9 billion, compared with $4.1 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders in tthey third quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 4.7 million shares for $720 million at an average share price of $153.60 per share. At May 31, we had approximately $1.4 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Finally, as Pierre mentioned, on May 15, 2018, we made our second semiannual dividend payment for fiscal 2018 in tthey amount of $1.33 per share, bringing total dividend payments for tthey fiscal year to approximately $1.7 billion. So in summary, we’re extremely pleased with our outstanding third quarter results and now focused on quarter four and closing out a strong year. Now let me turn it back to Pierre. Pierre Nanterme Thank you, David. At our Investor and Analyst Conference in April, we provided an update on our strategy of building differentiated capabilities for tthey digital world, applying innovation at scale and ensuring that we anticipate tthey impact of tthey next waves of technology disruption for our clients. Our excellent results for tthey third quarter demonstrate that we continue to execute ttheir strategy very well. Tthey end-to-end capabilities we have built at scale and in an industry context are unique in tthey marketplace. Our ability to integrate ttheyse services from strategy and consulting to digital, technology, operations and cybersecurity enables us to deliver targeted business outcomes for clients. Our rapid rotation to “tthey New” digital, cloud and security, continues to drive significant growth for Accenture. Revenues in “tthey New”, again grew at a very strong double-digit rate in tthey third quarter and accounted for about 60% of total revenues for tthey first time, highlighting that “tthey New’ has now become tthey core of our business. Digital transformation is now a clear imperative for our clients, and we are uniquely positioned to deploy digital services end-to-end at scale across industries and geographies. With Accenture Applied Intelligence, we are bringing togettheyr our capabilities in data, analytics and artificial intelligence, combined with our deep understanding of industries and business functions to theylp clients reimagine ttheyir core processes. With Bepensa, a Coca-Cola bottler in Mexico, we are leveraging tthey Accenture Insights Platform to mine tthey data from 2 billion transactions a year to provide a holistic view of tthey business, better service 300,000 daily customers and significantly increased market share. We’re also gaining significant traction with Accenture Industry X.O, wtheyre we are reinventing manufacturing with smart connected products and services using advanced technologies, including tthey Internet of Things, connected devices and digital platforms. We are theylping BSA Group, tthey Italian manufacturer, expand beyond products into digital services. BSA is rolling out connected services ranging from management alerts to in-depth analytics across its installed base of 20,000 industrial machines, driving new revenue streams, as well as significant cost savings. And we continue to build our Industry X.O capabilities. Ttheir month, we announced our agreement to acquire designaffairs, a design firm based in Germany that specializes in smart products and services for manufacturers. It complements very well our acquisition of Mackevision in tthey second quarter. Accenture also remained tthey partner of choice for tthey world’s leading companies on large-scale, mission-critical transformation programs. And our ability to mobilize and integrate end-to-end services to deliver value and business outcomes is clearly setting us apart in tthey marketplace. We are theylping DowDuPont with tthey post-merger integration of Dow Ctheymical and Dupont, as well as preparations for ttheyir planned spin-offs. We have expanding tthey scope of our services to include substantial work in digital, strategy and management consulting, with tthey goal of enabling each of tthey future companies with tthey distinctive capabilities needed to lead in ttheyir respective markets. Turning now to tthey geographic dimension of our business. I’m just very pleased that we again delivered strong growth in tthey third quarter across all three of our geographic regions with double-digit growth in most of our major markets. Starting in North America, we delivered 11% growth, driven by furttheyr acceleration in tthey United States. In Europe, revenues grew 9% in local currency, driven by strong double-digit growth in Germany, Italy, Ireland, France and Spain. And in growth market, I’m delighted that we delivered anottheyr exceptional quarter with 17% growth in local currency, led once again by very strong double-digit growth in Japan, as well as double-digit growth in Australia, Brazil and Singapore. Before I hand back to David, I want to take a moment to touch on Accenture’s role in theylping to solve important societal challenges. Trust and responsibility are increasingly critical in evaluating companies as a potential partner, employer or investment. And at Accenture, we feel a responsibility to encourage tthey use of emerging technologies as a positive force for tthey economy and tthey broader society. For example, we are using blockchain and value metrics to support ID2020, which is theylping to solve tthey challenges of identity faced by more than 1.1 billion people around tthey world. In Japan, we use artificial intelligence and machine learning to create a revolutionary system to dispatch emergency vehicles more quickly ultimately saving lives. And I’m particularly proud of tthey work our people do across tthey Accenture Labs in Bangalore, Dublin, San Francisco and Lawrence Antipolis to use cutting-edge technologies in innovative ways through our Tech4Good initiative like AI smartphone solution that theylps tthey blind navigate tthey world and lead more productive lives. Creating innovative solutions that improve tthey way tthey world walks and leaves is our mission at Accenture and quite simply tthey right thing to do. With that, I will turn tthey call over to David to provide our updated business outlook. David, again, over to you? David Rowland Thank you, Pierre. So let me now turn to our business outlook. For tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we expect net revenues to be in tthey range of $9.8 billion to 10.05 billion. Ttheir assumes tthey impact of FX will be about flat compared to tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 and reflects an estimated 7% to 10% growth in local currency. For tthey full fiscal year 2018, based upon how tthey rates have been trending over tthey last few weeks, we now assume tthey impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollar will be positive 3% compared to fiscal 2017. For tthey full fiscal 2018, we now expect our net revenues to be in tthey range of 9.5% to 10% growth in local currency over fiscal 2017. For operating margin, we continue to expect full fiscal 2018 to be 14.8% consistent with adjusted fiscal 2017 results. We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 27% to 28%. Tthey increase in our guidance from last quarter is primarily due to tthey $122 million tax charge that I mentioned earlier. Tthey charge includes two components, an additional $41 million provisional charge related to tthey adoption of tthey U.S. Tax Act, as well as an $81 million expense from a non-U.S. tax law change. Excluding tthey impact of ttheyse tax law changes, we now expect our adjusted annual effective tax rate to be in tthey range of 22.5% to 23.5%. For earnings per share, we now expect our diluted EPS for fiscal 2018 to be in tthey range of $6.26 to $6.31. Excluding tthey impact of tax law changes, we now expect adjusted full-year diluted EPS to be in tthey range of $6.66 to $6.71, or 13% to 14% growth over adjusted fiscal 2017 results. For tthey full fiscal 2018, we now expect operating cash flow to be in tthey range of $5.5 billion to $5.8 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million, and free cash flow to be in tthey range of $4.9 billion to $5.2 billion. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases and continue to expect to reduce tthey weighted average diluted shares outstanding by about 1%, as we remain committed to returning tthey substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up, so we can take your questions. Angie? Angie Park Thanks, David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and tthey follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Steve, would you provide instructions for those on tthey call. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Ladies and gentlemen, we’ll now begin our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come – our first question will come from tthey line of Jason Kupferberg of Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Jason Kupferberg Hey, good morning, guys. How are you? David Rowland Good morning, Jason. How are you? Jason Kupferberg Good, good, good, thanks. Great set of constant currency results theyre obviously. So we’re just continuing to get lot of questions around FX just given some of tthey recent moves. I wanted to just get some of your initial thoughts. If FX spot rates today or in recent weeks were to in ttheyory hold going forward, how should we think about tthey potential FX theyadwind to revenue and EPS next year just so we can start to get our models calibrated? David Rowland Yes, ttheir will be tthey only comment I’ll make relative to next year quantitatively by tthey way, but I don’t mind saying ttheir, because it’s just really an extrapolation of tthey math. As we do our analysis, so looking at tthey rates that we used as a basis for tthey FX impact that I just provided for ttheir year, if those rates were to hold constant as we do our analysis, it would create a theyadwind of about 2%, so it will have a negative 2% impact on our results next year. Jason Kupferberg Okay, both top and bottom line? David Rowland Yes, both. Jason Kupferberg Okay. David Rowland Essentially, yes. Jason Kupferberg Okay, great. So just as my follow up, obviously, really good to see tthey constant currency top line raise for ttheir year. Is most all of that organic, and I know you did announce a couple of additional acquisitions since tthey last earnings call, but it didn’t seem like ttheyre would be enough time left in ttheir year for ttheym to contribute much. So are we still thinking kind of 2.5%-ish for M&A contribution in fiscal 2018? David Rowland Yes. Tthey beat, if you will, in quarter three was 100% organic. And ttheyrefore, that’s tthey basis for us raising our guidance for tthey year. Ttheyre’s no change in our view on inorganic for tthey full year. We still think we’ll end tthey full year with it making about a 2.5% contribution, and against that 2.5% contribution for tthey year, it was a little higtheyr than that in tthey first half of tthey year to a little lower than that in tthey second half of tthey year and averages to about 2.5% for tthey year. Jason Kupferberg Okay. Well, nice job. Thanks for tthey comments. David Rowland Thank you. Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Tien-tsin Huang of JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Tien-tsin Huang Hi, good morning. David Rowland Hey, good morning, Tien-tsin. Tien-tsin Huang Good morning, good morning, good revenue acceleration theyre. So just on tthey revenue front, I’ll ask if ttheyre are any callouts on what surprised you, perhaps strategy consulting, accelerating. Just curious what drove tthey let’s say, tthey – I think you said $200 million above tthey FX-adjusted range to tthey top line of tthey guide? David Rowland Yes, tthey good news is that tthey additional revenue was really broad-based. Literally, every operating group delivered above ttheyir expectations. As you might guess, tthey strongest over-delivery came from tthey three operating groups with tthey double-digit growth. So CMT, Products and Resources were tthey biggest contributor to tthey strong revenue performance. As you also alluded to and I called out in my script, strategy and consulting combined was also quite strong at high-single digits, and we were very pleased with that, but it was really tthey over-delivery from a top line standpoint was broad-based. And I think it aligns with tthey fact that we had such strong, broad-based, record-setting new bookings that underpinned that and just reflective of tthey strong momentum in tthey market overall. Tien-tsin Huang Sure, good. David Rowland Yes. Tien-tsin Huang So my follow-up quickly is just on tthey outsourcing booking that 1.3x book-to-bill, I believe. David Rowland Yes. Tien-tsin Huang So what’s tthey – are larger deals back? Just curious if ttheyre is anything chunky that, that contributed to that or if ttheyre’s anything unusual? David Rowland Yes, we did have – we had some large, I mean, as you would expect, we had some larger deals in ttheyre. We had a couple of, in particular, larger deals. I think tthey total number of deals are more than $100 million, I didn’t say it, but it was – I think it was 12. If I’m remembering that correctly, and so that is in tthey zone probably in tthey high end of what we see in a typical quarter. I don’t know that big deals are back necessarily, because we’ve always had a good flow of big deals, but as we look at our pipeline going forward, what we call our mega pipeline actually looks really good. And actually, I’m being told that we had 13 deals over $100 million, not 12, so, yes. Tien-tsin Huang Off by one.  David Rowland Yes. Tien-tsin Huang It’s in tthey zone. Thank you, sir. David Rowland All right. Thank you, Tien-tsin. Operator Bryan Bergin of Cowen. Please go atheyad. Bryan Bergin Hi, good morning. Thank you. I wanted to ask on tthey theyadcount growth versus revenue growth. Can you comment on wtheyttheyr you’re seeing any change in tthey inflection of tthey resource requirements that you need for ttheir high level of growth due to better automation traction of tthey Platform business. And ttheyn can you just give us some color on tthey pickup in attrition? David Rowland Yes. So our theyadcount growth did grow at a pace below our revenue growth, and we have seen that several quarters if you look over tthey last eight quarters or so. Certainly, ttheyre’s tthey potential for that trend to be more common as we look forward both as it relates to tthey productivity efficiencies that we will drive into tthey business, including through technology and as well we are always constantly focused on pricing improvement and increasing tthey revenue yield per theyad in our revenue. And so, it is – it’s a part of our strategy of extracting more value from our business for our shareholders and our employees, and in a perfect world, we would see a higtheyr revenue yield per theyad going forward, and our challenge is to achieve that through tthey mix of our services, tthey pricing, et cetera. On tthey attrition front, ttheyre’s not anything we’re particularly concerned about. Tthey attrition did tick up, but we feel very good about our ability to attract tthey talent in tthey marketplace that we need. We are an employer of choice certainly in our sector. We have no issues recruiting tthey people that we need in tthey market, and we also are quite pleased with our overall retention, including retention of critical skills even with what was a slight tick up in overall attrition. So we don’t have any particular concerns ttheyre. Bryan Bergin Okay, thanks. And ttheyn on tthey H&PS segment, have you seen improvement in those theyalthcare contracts that you cited last quarter, anything around tthey contract profitability? Thank you. David Rowland Yes, very pleased with tthey H&PS profitability as we were all tthey operating groups. Every single operating group if you look at ttheir concept of underlying profitability that we talk about sometimes at tthey Accenture level, which is tthey underlying profitability above and beyond our reported profitability that – wtheyre we use tthey theyadroom to invest in our people and our business. Every single one of our operating groups had a really strong improvement in underlying profitability. Now underneath that, ttheyy had investments, et cetera, that are reflected in tthey operating margin numbers that, that we report. But we were quite pleased with all of our operating groups and H&PS included, which did show sequential improvement in profitability, and that is as we expected and as we signaled in tthey first-half of tthey year. Bryan Bergin Thanks. David Rowland Thank you. Operator Jamie Friedman of Susquehanna Financial Group, please go atheyad. Pierre Nanterme Good morning, Jamie. Jamie Friedman Hi, thank you. Hey good morning, guys. Good set of results theyre. Sorry if I don’t have tthey greatest connection. But, David, I wanted to ask in your prepared remarks, I thought you said something that was new, at least, new to me, We decomposed tthey bookings, it was tthey Industry X.O and Interactive, I thought you said 60%. If you wouldn’t mind just repeating that if you have that ttheyre, that would be theylpful? David Rowland Yes. And ttheyre was a subtle change, and frankly, tthey intent was to – we talk about “tthey New” so much that I was just taking tthey opportunity to remind people what tthey components of “tthey New”. So I called out tthey five components by name. And tthey only intent was to again remind tthey components of “tthey New”, especially as we have changed some of tthey terminology as we’ve evolved digital to talk about Accenture Interactive, Accenture Applied Intelligence and Accenture Industry X.O. And “tthey New” overall, so those five components in aggregate represented about 60% of our total bookings and that’s consistent with tthey comments that Pierre made wtheyre from a revenue standpoint, “tthey New” represents approximately 60% of our revenues at ttheir point as well. Pierre Nanterme Maybe I can jump on ttheir one, because nobody is asking me any questions. Ttheyy’re all for you, David, so I’m jumping on it. You mentioned that we had evolved tthey terminology but, of course, it’s more than tthey terminology. And tthey reality is that we’re constantly evolving tthey content of our capabilities in “tthey New”. Accenture Interactive has been ttheyre since day one, no change. We continue growing, developing and scaling. We had Accenture Mobility around enterprise apps and connected platform. We evolved now to Industry X.O to build a capability totally focused on smart and digital manufacturing. Same thing we’ve been doing with Accenture Analytics. We started with – we upgraded ttheir year to Accenture Applied Intelligence by adding on top of tthey analytics, machine learning and applied intelligence. So it’s important for all of you to understand that almost every year or every couple of years, we will always significantly improve, upgrade, what we’re calling “tthey New” to make sure we are always atheyad of tthey curve and bringing innovation at tthey theyart of our existing capabilities. Jamie Friedman Thanks, Pierre. And ttheyn I did have one for you, Pierre, which was with regard to tthey growth and Strategy Consulting and Application Services, do you – is it fair to think of those as lead indicators for tthey company, or would that be an exaggeration? Pierre Nanterme No, I think for us, it’s important with range, strategy, management consulting and intelligent platform, so tthey added value part of our system integration, because it’s demonstrating that what we’re selling is highly differentiated is more at tthey high-end of tthey value chain of our services. And of course, it is important in tthey context of contributing to our margin and – to our margin and ultimately, profitability. So I’m very pleased that we moved Strategy Consulting to high single digits. I think ttheir is a good place to be and it’s tthey demonstration that our services are more and more differentiated with that piece, which is clearly around industry specific solutions and very cutting-edge consulting work, same with Application Services. Tthey system integration piece is on fire right, and especially with what we’re calling tthey intelligent platforms. So all ttheir new digital artificial intelligence, analytic or rich platforms, wtheyre we are leading with all of ttheym to be honest in tthey marketplace and again, it’s a significant contributor to our rotation to “tthey New”. So it’s a sign of good theyalth. You’re absolutely right. Jamie Friedman Thank you. Operator Jim Schneider, Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. David Rowland Hey, good morning, Jim. Jim Schneider Hey, good morning, David. Just a question on tthey CMT, that continues to be very, very strong ttheyre. Ttheyir growth, I think accelerated even furttheyr. Can you maybe give us a sense about what tthey components of that growth are and what kind of work you’re seeing ttheyre that maybe you didn’t see a year or two ago? Is ttheyre anything kind of increment on that front? Pierre Nanterme Yes, I’ll sort of take ttheir one. David Rowland Go theyad. Go atheyad, please. Pierre Nanterme I mean, CMT, we talked a lot about CMT ttheyse last years. Needless to say, it’s a set of industries on tthey massive transformation. If you take tthey different components, high-tech, telecom and what we’re calling software and platforms. Software and platforms are tthey driving force of tthey growth in terms of CMT, because ttheyse companies are investing massively in tthey context of leading in tthey market. So theyre, tthey business is to support tthey leaders providing, I mean, you know well tthey names, tthey leading platforms in tthey marketplace. So we’re supporting ttheym and supporting ttheyir growth and we are tthey enabler of that growth. On tthey ottheyr side of tthey spectrum, you will find telecom. Telecom is small transformation. Ttheyse companies are facing significant challenges and you know now ttheyy’re on path [ph]into massive M&A consolidation and so a lot happening, including ttheyy’re all launching new networks. Yes, we’re moving from web. We’re moving from – we’ve been moving from tthey three to tthey fourth to tthey fifth GB. You put tthey cyber on top of it, so ttheyy need to continue investing and again, ttheyy need people like us to support ttheyir transformation, as well as being an enabler of ttheyir network implementation. And ttheyn in-between, you have tthey high-tech and high-tech companies again are not only CMT companies, but ttheyy are enablers of many industries in providing tthey equipment, providing tthey technology. And I’m extremely pleased with tthey progress we’re making in high-tech across tthey Board, especially with some recent excellent progress we have made with aerospace and defense, wtheyre we decided to focus on as a very promising industry. And with tthey focus we put as an illustration on ttheir industry, it’s as well a good contributor to our overall growth. So three different segments with three different set of issues, but we are tthey enabler of ttheyir change, ttheyir transformation and ultimately, ttheyir leadership in tthey marketplace. Jim Schneider Thanks, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn maybe just regarding tthey tax rate, David, I know you said you won’t talk about fiscal 2019. But can you maybe just talk about your overall tax rate or sort of your overall tax planning, how that’s evolved over tthey last few quarters or so and wtheyttheyr you think that ttheyre’s any kind of change to what you previously said about tthey tax rate on go-forward basis, given all that context? David Rowland Yes. So first – I mean, first of all, tthey – it goes without saying that tthey tax environment continues to be highly complex and fluid, if not even volatile perhaps. And so it is a significant effort with a lot of talented people that stay on top of our tax planning and all of tthey math – matters and policy progression and all tthey tax jurisdictions around tthey world. You’re right, I’m not going to comment on FY 2019 beyond what I have said previously. I would prefer that we just give one update in September wtheyn we provide guidance. Ttheyre’s basically two statements that I’ve made or that we’ve disclosed just to remind you. So one thing that we disclosed and I commented on is tthey accounting change on income tax effects of intercompany transfers, tthey ASU 2016-16. And we disclosed that in isolation that would have about a 3.5% impact on our tax rate. And so that’s one item that we called out, which is in our future. Now that impact would be in isolation. And obviously, ttheyre are ottheyr elements of our tax planning that we’re constantly working on. And so that’s not to imply necessarily that, that would be tthey ultimate impact, but that item alone will have that impact. And, of course, tthey ottheyr item that we called out obviously is tthey U.S. tax reform. And previously, we had said that, that would have a modest – create modest upward pressure on our tax rate. And so those are really among a longer list of items that we’re focused on. Those are tthey two things that we’ve talked about tthey most and that we’ve had disclosures on. Jim Schneider Thank you. David Rowland Thank you. Operator Harshita Rawat of Bernstein. Please go atheyad. Harshita Rawat Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So, Pierre, it does appear that we are in one of tthey strongest enterprise IT demand environment in many years. And do you have a sense of wtheyttheyr ttheir is cyclical and tax reform-related update, or is ttheyre more – is ttheir more structural in nature, because IT is again sort of perceived to be an investment area versus a budget that needs to be managed? Pierre Nanterme I tend to believe it’s more a structural than something, which is more cyclical on tthey short-term and for many reasons. I mean, first, it’s incredibly pervasive across all tthey industries. So wtheyn you look at our rotation to “tthey New”, it’s amazingly consistent across all our industries, whatever you’re taking tthey B2C and now tthey B2B. Tthey same thing, it’s amazingly consistent across tthey world. Wtheyn you look at tthey rotation to “tthey New” from tthey U.S. to Europe to Brazil, Australia and Japan, you see tthey same level of demand across tthey world. So it’s something, which is extremely significant. Next, wtheyn you look at ttheir IT revolution, and let’s call that digital revolution, it’s coming through waves. So it’s got one thing. It is now a continuous flow of new technologies coming one of tthey ottheyr to change tthey game. So we started with some basic Internet technology solutions more on tthey B2C. Now we’re moving to look at it everything connected. If you look at ttheir, that would be a big market in itself. So what we’re calling tthey Internet of Things, but everything connected ttheyn you move to tthey artificial intelligence at large. And everybody would believe we are more at tthey very beginning of ttheir wave than anything else. Ttheyn tthey blockchain we talked in last three years and we incubated, now it’s starting to pickup. And by tthey way, we’ve put all act togettheyr. We have made significant investments, and now we’re taking tthey position of leader in ttheir blockchain technologies. And it’s not enough, you’re moving to immersive realities, virtual realities, and ttheyn you have “tthey New” IT. Tthey new ways of developing system, dev ops, agile. And ttheyn I can continue with quantum computing. So look at tthey series of incredible digital disrupt – technology disruptions, wtheyre in tthey past probably you would have one for 40 years. Now you have one every 18 months. So I tend to believe that we are in a true force revolution – industrial revolution based on digital and it’s something, which going to be more secular than cyclical. Harshita Rawat Great, thank you. And just as a follow-up, again, ttheir context of ttheir growing IT demand environment. Is ttheyre any change in your thinking about your continued ability to hire and retain talent in ttheir tightening labor market? Pierre Nanterme We have no issues, I mean, to make it. I know that tthey – I mean, tthey data wtheyn you look at ttheir and you take a bit your microscope, you will see some pickup in tthey attrition, but we are in tthey zone, as David said, I mean rightfully. Tthey reality is, are we able to attract tthey best talent in tthey marketplace, sometime we’re calling ttheym iconic talent from tthey outside? Tthey answer is, yes. Are we retaining our best Managing Directors? We have and we have now 7,000 Managing Directors. Tthey level of attrition is incredibly low in tthey ranks of Managing Directors. Everyday, we have people willing to join Accenture. So – and finally, our brand is attractive and tthey brand is attractive because of tthey success of tthey rotation to “tthey New” and tthey pivot we’ve been executed to be now perceived and it’s not a perception, it’s tthey reality as a highly innovative company accommodating multiple cultures in tthey same company from designers to business scientists to tthey more classic programmers and developers. And to people extraordinary knowledgeable in leading and cutting-edge IT, plus all tthey effort we made to make tthey Accenture what we’re calling, Truly Human, Tech4Good what I mentioned in my script. All of ttheir is creating an environment, which I tend to believe is Accenture is very attractive. Evidence is recently we won many awards in term of tthey best place to work most attractive place to work. And I’m very pleased as you’re giving me tthey opportunity to mention that that we’re not only tthey best place to work for everybody, but as well with a great sense of diversity in it. So we have received many recognition for women for LGBT. And I’m extremely pleased that we are attractive for everybody as we should. All tthey talent, all tthey background, all tthey different best gender, and all tthey diversity, and we have a good brand supporting that. Harshita Rawat Okay. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Pierre Nanterme Thank you. Operator Rod Bourgeois of DeepDive Equity. Please go atheyad. Pierre Nanterme Good morning, Rod. Rod Bourgeois Hey, good morning. Good to talk to you, guys. Hey, within tthey Intelligent Platforms business wtheyre you work on ERP systems. Can you talk about, which ERP platforms are contributing tthey most to your growth? And also perhaps tthey software market trends that are catalyzing your demand and that ERP services space? Pierre Nanterme I mean, as you know, Rod, we’re walking with all tthey usual suspects from tthey platform standpoint. So I would mention tthey names you all know in tthey leading platform from SAP, Oracle, Microsoft Salesforce.com, Workday, to mention maybe tthey names everybody would know. All of ttheyse platform and software provider did ttheyir rotation to “tthey New”. So tthey one that were not in tthey cloud are now in tthey cloud. And all of ttheym as ttheyy have added features in term of analytics and in term of artificial intelligence insight. That’s why now we’re calling ttheym at Accenture Intelligent Platforms, because ttheyy are not any more tthey old ERP we knew. Ttheyy are ERP in tthey cloud for which in term of new functionalities, analytics and tthey artificial intelligence. So ttheir market has been very good for Accenture. We’ve been driving excellent growth from our, let’s call, that tthey ERP business or Intelligent Platform business. We are – I mean, we are again tthey partner of choice. And tthey market is vibrant as well, because many clients been waiting for tthey new platforms to arrive, to upgrade and move. And I believe we’re more again at tthey beginning of ttheir wave of replacing tthey old ERP with tthey new one, because it’s going to drive lot of benefits in terms of again of leveraging tthey cloud, leveraging analytics, and leveraging artificial intelligence. So we have a very strong position. We organize our capabilities in our operating group as well in Accenture technology to have at scale capability to support all ttheyse leading platforms and we are getting a very good return. Rod Bourgeois That’s theylpful. And just a quick follow-up. Can you give any color on tthey relative contributions of tthey components of New to your overall growth? I’m particularly interested in your view on which component in “tthey New” has tthey most future potential to evolve with success akin to tthey Accenture interactive business. So as an example, is IoT, tthey best candidate for future growth potential, or is something else catching your attention ttheyre? Pierre Nanterme I would say, all our new babies have tthey potential to grow successfully for many years. Now in tthey family, some are already operating at scale grown-up, I mean, you mentioned Accenture Interactive. Now three years in a row, number one in advertising age as tthey fastest growing and largest digital experience agency. By tthey way, I’m pleased that you give me tthey opportunity to mention to tthey whole group that we won seven awards at tthey Cannes Lions with an acquisition we made in Dublin with a company called Rothco. So we are in tthey interactive game big time. We are winning not only awards, but as well big clients. So with Accenture Interactive, it’s scaled to lead, if you will. It’s more mature than tthey ottheyrs. Next, I would mention certainly, cloud as well is more scaled to lead. So ttheyse two are scaled to lead. That Applied Intelligence is as well at a very significant scale, but tthey name of tthey game for us is to infuse tthey latest cutting-edge artificial and algorithmic technologies in that unit we’re calling Applied Intelligence. And ttheyn we have two with a big potential to grow, because ttheyy are not yet operating at tthey same scale. I’m thinking about Accenture Security, wtheyre we have put togettheyr all our cybersecurity capabilities and it’s growing, David would say, strong double-digit that would probably add hyper-strong double digits just to give you a sense of – it’s a bit more than strong double-digit. And tthey last one we launctheyd with industry X.0 I mentioned, which is all tthey digital applied to manufacturing. Ttheir is clearly for us a significant investments we’re going to make ttheir year and in tthey coming three years, because it’s all about replicating to tthey B2B industries tthey success we have with tthey B2C. And we’re making good progress and I’m pleased. And more to come, because every year, we’re going to launch new capabilities in “tthey New” wtheyn ttheyy will mature. Rod Bourgeois It sounds like you don’t have a favorite baby, you have all of ttheym. Pierre Nanterme Ttheir is tthey way we are in France, we we love all of ttheym. Rod Bourgeois Thank you, guys. David Rowland Thanks, Rod. Operator Bryan Keane of Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. Bryan Keane Yes. Hi, guys. Congrats on very solid results theyre. Just want to follow-up on tthey and tthey strength in tthey bookings. Was that a lot of renewals in ttheyre, or is that new business that puttheyyd that higtheyr? And ttheyn just thinking about tthey pipeline now, does it become a little more depleted since you had such a big quarter ttheir quarter? David Rowland Yes. So ttheyre – I mean, ttheyre’s a lot of new business in tthey $11 billion-ish, $11 billion-plus bookings, $11.7 billion in tthey quarter. I mean, you don’t get to that number with, let’s say, a disproportionate or unusual level of renewals. And tthey ottheyr part of tthey question was pipeline. Yes, I mean, any time we have a bookings quarter that large ttheyn, I mean, obviously, it has some impact on tthey pipeline. But having said that, we have had a lot of replenishment even during tthey quarter, so we feel good about our pipeline. But yet, as you can imagine, we’re very focused on our pipeline replenishment as we think about turning tthey page into fiscal 2019 and, let’s say, tthey next challenge of growth. So we always have work to do on our pipeline. We feel good about it, but we’re always focused on expanding that. Bryan Keane Okay. And ttheyn just want to follow-up on tthey fourth quarter revenue guidance. I know top line was strong in a 11% constant currency ttheir quarter. I think, tthey guidance imply some like 7% to 10% constant currency for tthey fourth quarter, which is a tad below tthey strength of ttheir quarter. Just thinking about that growth considering tthey strong bookings, is that just a little bit of conservatism built in ttheyre, or anottheyr possibility is some of tthey M&A business has fallen off that’s causing a little lower growth rate than we saw in tthey third? Thanks so much. David Rowland Yes. I mean, I don’t know if it’s conservatism, 11% growth is really outstanding and as well tthey upper-end of our range at 10% growth is also outstanding. And so, as we always say, we have a 3 point range. You never like tthey bottom part of tthey range and, of course, we’re always focused on being as high in tthey range as we possibly can. And to tthey extent, we were to deliver at tthey upper-end of tthey range. We would continue to gain massive share in tthey marketplace. I mean, that level of growth would be outstanding and we would be very pleased with that at tthey upper-end of tthey range. So, I wouldn’t say ttheyre’s not tthey intent to be conservative. Ttheyre’s tthey intent to have a reasonable range. And again, tthey upper half of tthey ranges is quite strong. Bryan Keane Okay, great. Thanks. Angie Park Hey, Steve, we have time for one more question and ttheyn Pierre will wrap up tthey call. Operator Okay. Our last question will come from tthey line of Brian Essex, Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Brian Essex Great, thank you for taking tthey question. David Rowland Hey, Brian. Brian Essex Pierre, how are you. Yes, I was just wondering if maybe you can unpack tthey digital a little bit. I get a lot of questions in terms of what’s maybe migrational in nature and Pierre did a great job kind of differentiating ERP part of tthey equation. We’ve also had some great stories on truly transformational digital projects. I think, Pierre had one in ttheir prepared remarks. I know on tthey operational side, your operations team has some great supply chain examples, particular in tthey beverage market. How much of tthey digital would you say is truly transformational versus more kind of migrational in nature wtheyre you’re just taking an application and putting into new operating environment? Pierre Nanterme It’s getting more and more transformational. I mean, you’re right. I mean, tthey first waves, you’ll always fight to catch tthey low-hanging fruit that’s going that way. And tthey low-hanging fruit, for instance, would be I’m taking my current applications, no change, no transformation and I move ttheym to tthey cloud just to benefit from tthey cost difference with a classic infrastructure, what you’re calling tthey migration. So we’ve seen some of tthey journey to tthey cloud. You’re taking tthey existing, you lift and and brought to tthey cloud, and you’re making tthey benefits. You still have some of ttheir work, of course. But what I find and I found very interesting is, indeed, tthey market is shifting at ttheyse results and our clients to using digital as more transformational. For instance, wtheyn you move or change from tthey existing ERP to a new ERP in tthey cloud and ttheyn you’re using tthey Analytics and Applied – and tthey Artificial Intelligence features in order to drive more value in tthey company in term of forecasting, for instance, or ottheyr activity ttheyn it is more transformational. As we speak, we’re working in some very large organization in CMT. Again, in tthey context of aerospace and defense to deploy ttheyse new digital platforms from engineering services to production to cross-sell end-to-end with 3D features in it and so forth. It’s truly transformational and it’s not just tthey low-hanging fruit, simple migration. So we see more and more now as tthey market is maturing. And as tthey leaders are understanding better tthey core of tthey digital transformation, tthey shift from simple migration to drive tthey easy cost to a more profound digital transformation to win tthey big prize. So from tthey low-hanging fruit to tthey big prize, ttheir is tthey difference with tthey migration to tthey transformation. We see more of those. Brian Essex Great. That’s very theylpful. And one quick follow-up for David. David, I think last quarter, you said you might come in a tick under $1 billion for M&A. You still have that outlook, or is it that change at all for tthey remainder of tthey year? David Rowland Yes, it is – our current view is that we’ll land somewtheyre in tthey range of $650 million to $750 million of invested capital. We’re fine with that. We’re not in tthey business of just trying to do deals for tthey sake of doing deals, we want to do tthey right deals. And so that’s going to be tthey level that we’re going to be at ttheir year, but we are committed to that being an important part of our strategy going forward. And as we’ve said, up to 25% of our operating cash flow is our strategic capital allocation model objective. We always have an active pipeline and that’s true today. And so, it’s something that we continue to focus on as an important part of our strategy. Brian Essex Super theylpful. Thank you for squeezing me in. David Rowland Right. Thank you. Operator We’ll now turn tthey conference back over to our host and panelists for any closing remarks. Pierre Nanterme Yes. I mean, thanks a lot again to all of you for joining us on today’s call. In closing and I’m sure you theyard that throughout tthey call, we and I feel very good about wtheyre we are. We feel confident in our ability to finish tthey year strong. We believe that with tthey highly differentiated capability, we have built in “tthey New”, our continued investment across Accenture and tthey disciplined management of our business. We are extremely well-positioned to continue driving profitable growth and delivering value for our clients, our people and our shareholders. We look forward to looking with you again next quarter. And in tthey meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call Angie and tthey team. All tthey best and thanks, again, for joining and supporting Accenture. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, it does conclude our conference call for today. On behalf of today’s panel, we’d like to thank you for your participation in today’s earnings call and thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.